Early intervention can help children overcome stammering Stammering has long been recognised to run in families , but scientists now say they have identified three genes which may cause the problem in some people .
They believe that mutations which have already been tied to metabolic disorders may also affect the way in which parts of the brain function .
The study involving cases in Pakistan , the US and England appears in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Stammering affects about 1 % of all adults worldwide .
Those affected repeat or prolong sounds , syllables or words , disrupting the normal flow of speech .
With early intervention children who stammer can overcome the problem , while for adults therapies are based on reducing anxiety and regulating breathing to improve speech .
But the team from the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders ( NIDCD ) hopes its discovery may pave the way for new treatments .
Nearly one in ten of the sufferers examined were found to have a mutation in one of three genes .
Metabolic problems
Two of these , GNPTAB and GNPTG , have already been linked to two serious metabolic diseases in which components of cells are not effectively recycled .
In addition to finding new forms of treatment , we hope this may help us identifying those children at risk of persistent stammering as it is only through early intervention that they have a chance of recovering fluent speech
British Stammering Association
These disorders , known as lyposomal storage disorders , lead to a build - up of a potentially dangerous substance which can cause problems in almost every area of the body , including the brain .
People with this defective gene need two copies to develop the metabolic disorder , but one copy appears to be associated with stammering .
A third defective gene , which is closely related to the other two , was also found among stammerers but not among the controls .
" For hundreds of years , the cause of stuttering has remained a mystery for researchers and health care professionals alike , not to mention people who stutter and their families , " said James Battey , head of the NIDCD .
" This is the first study to pinpoint specific gene mutations as the potential cause of stuttering , and by doing so , might lead to a dramatic expansion in our options for treatment . "
The metabolic disorders pinpointed can be treated by injecting a manufactured enzyme into a person 's bloodstream to take the place of the enzyme the body fails to produce .
It is possible stammering , if confirmed to be caused by the same defect , would respond to the same treatment .
The British Stammering Association welcomed the findings .
" It is just the latest in a string of recent discoveries highlighting the fact that the cause of stammering is physiological - a symptom that , for whatever reason , the brain 's neural circuits for speech are not being wired normally , " said its director Norbert Lieckfeldt .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" This puts into sharp relief the bullying and ridicule people who stammer often experience , as opposed to people experiencing , for instance , mobility disabilities .
" In addition to finding new forms of treatment , we hope this may help us identifying those children at risk of persistent stammering as it is only through early intervention that they have a chance of recovering fluent speech . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israel has no obligation to act on a resolution passed at a UN conference on Friday that singled out Israel over non-proliferation , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office said on Saturday .
At the conclusion of a month - long conference in New York , the 189 signatories of the international nuclear non-proliferation treaty ( NPT ) called for an international conference in 2012 with the aim of establishing a nuclear - weapon - free Middle East .
" As a non-signatory state of the NPT , Israel is not obligated by the decisions of this Conference , which has no authority over Israel , " the prime minister 's office said in a statement .
" Given the distorted nature of this resolution , Israel will not be able to take part in its implementation . "
Open gallery view Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Credit : Olivier Fitussi
Israel , which operates a policy of ' nuclear ambiguity ' but is widely believed to have an arsenal of atomic warheads , has not signed the NPT and is not required by international law to comply with the conference 's resolutions .
The resolution also called on Israel , along with two other non-signatories , India and Pakistan , to join the treaty .
On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama said he strongly opposed efforts to single out Israel on non-proliferation and would oppose actions that jeopardize Israel 's national security .
The United States announced it " deeply regrets " the resolution .
U.S. National Security Adviser General James L. Jones called the decision to single out Israel " gratuitous " .
In the run-up to Friday 's conference vote , Israeli diplomats worked intensively to soften the wording of the resolution .
After it was passed on Friday , Netanyahu , on a visit to Toronto , consulted by telephone with senior ministers to formulate an official response .
The prime minister office 's statement called the resolution " deeply flawed and hypocritical " for focusing on Israel while ignoring the Iran .
An NPT signatory , Iran claims its nuclear program is for civilian purposes but is accused by Israel of seeking an atomic bomb .
" [ The resolution ] singles out Israel , the Middle Easts only true democracy and the only country threatened with annihilation , " the statement said .
" Yet the terrorist regime in Iran , which is racing to develop nuclear weapons and which openly threatens to wipe Israel off the map , is not even mentioned in the resolution . "
The statement also claimed that several NPT signatories , including Libya , Iran , Syria and Iraq , have violated the treaty with secret nuclear programs .
" That is why the resolution adopted by the NPT Review Conference not only fails to advance regional security but actually sets it back , " the statement said .
In 2008 Israeli warplanes bombed a site in Syria that the U.S. later said was a clandestine nuclear reactor .
Libya agreed to dismantle its nuclear program in 2003 , while unproved allegations that Iraq was building a bomb formed part of justifications for a U.S. invasion of the country in 2003 .
Genre Pollution , Part Two
TELEVISION REALISMBasically , all anyone does these days when they are n't " working " is watch full runs of television shows in popeyed marathons and then talk about these television shows later with friends .
Television Realism extends this into literature so people can fully immerse themselves into the shows where they already live and play .
TR takes an episode of a beloved sitcom or drama and turns it into a full length literary novel .
All the dialog and events that occur in the episode must also occur within the novel , but the novel adds subtext , point of view , depth , and motivation for the characters .
Basically , this is the highest quality " fan fiction " possible .
Would n't you buy the novel version of a particularly fine episode of " Sanford & Son ? "
Is n't such an item the perfect gift for your friend who does not believe in literature ?
TR novels will be boutique items , commissioned by small , scrappy publishing houses who match up big name authors with work .
Jonathan Safran Foer 's " Episode 44 of Mork and Mindy : Mork Gets a Puppy , " Cormac McCarthy 's " Episode 12 of Bonanza : Mexican Attack ! , " Toni Morrison 's " Episode 11 of Full House : DJ's Big Day , " William Gibson 's " Episode 30 of Small Wonder : Short Circuit Daze . "
WRITERS WILL EAT !
MODERN PIRATEA child - soldier sits on a life raft holding a rocket - launcher and chewing khat to stay awake .
He listens to " Pimsleur Danish " mp3s .
A Danish tanker steers into view .
He aims his rocket - launcher and raises his bullhorn : " Please to stop or will blow ship !
" The pirates board .
They take their plunder and steer the ship back to Somalia for a week of drinking and debauchery .
They meet up at Johnny Tech 's " Space Bar " and listen to his hilarious stories about very lucrative Craigslist scams .
They trade interesting stolen software and visit their swarms of illegitimate children .
The Danes are held for ransom , but there was an American on board the Danish ship ... an American hacker who is sick of " copyright czars " and who knows that Google will be transporting their servers around the Cape of Good Hope next month on a quiet merchant freighter .
The American licks her lips and clears her throat .
The pirates turn to look at her .
INTERROGATIONSThe interrogation genre is basically already upon us , but has yet to be properly novelized .
Two people sit down in a room and one of them tells a story while being coerced and manipulated .
The story is terribly important .
It could mean life or death for events outside of the interrogation room .
And the conflict is clear : the storyteller wants to tell one kind of story , and the interrogator wants to hear a different kind .
These opposed desires move the story back and forth , darting in and out of the past and present , weaving together a tapestry all in dialog .
Unlike in a stage play or television drama , novels in the interrogation thriller genre will let us into the stream of consciousness of the protagonists , showing us how the minds and histories of these people merge , giving us the real tension , the real rage , and the real chemistry between suspects and detectives .
BET FICTIONEvery good genre needs a simple hook , and the hook in Bet Fiction is as simple as it gets : there is a bet between two people over something .
Gambling leads to great conflict , and the opposing forces here are manufactured , locked into a concrete struggle with a clear winner and loser .
The stakes can be as high or low as fits the circumstances , from prisoners betting on the outcome of a cafeteria brawl between newcomers , to world leaders wagering on the outcome of a cockfight in a laundry room at the UN .
With elements of both the crime novel and caper novel , Bet Fiction distills the human experience into one central problem : how much control do people have over seemingly - random events , and how can favorable outcomes be produced through sheer will ?
EXTREMELY HARD SCIENCE FICTIONAs we all know , the difference between " hard " and " soft " science fiction is that the hard science fiction writer spends a lot of time doing the math and trying to make sure that the future they are inventing is actually plausible .
EXTREMELY hard science fiction is when these writers actually file patents ( included in the back of the book ) for inventions they have created and are about to release to the general public .
These Extremely Hard Science Fiction novels will come out exactly the same time as the inventions , letting people always feel like they are living at the cutting edge of technology and science .
A corollary to EHSF will be science fiction novels that people write instead of PhD theses , incorporating all of their research into a fictional framework .
SUICIDALSOnly writers are still expected to live by the Bushido code of absolute honor and absolute integrity these days .
Instead of kicking against this and trying to worm their way into the modern comforts and excesses of cultural relevance , it is time for writers to take integrity to the next level .
Suicidals will be novels that writers make directly before killing themselves at the peak of their careers .
Their agent will call a press conference and the writer will take a sip of water and address the nation .
" I feel that my books are no longer engaging with the general public in an important way and that my duty as a novelist has become all too clear .
My next book will be a Suicidal .
I will try to make it as perfect as possible , and when it is finished , I will take my own life on YouTube .
Thank you . "
The city of Austin , Texas is considering passing an ordinance to require so - called crisis pregnancy centers to post a notice that they do not provide birth control , abortion services or referrals to abortion providers .
The city of Austin , Texas is considering passing an ordinance to require so - called crisis pregnancy centers to post a notice that they do not provide birth control , abortion services or referrals to abortion providers .
The Austin Chronicle reports :
On the Austin City Council ’s agenda for its April 8 meeting is a proposed ordinance that would require so - called “ crisis pregnancy centers ” to post a sign to notify consumers that they do not provide or make referrals for either abortion or contraceptive services .
If the ordinance is enacted , Austin would become the second city in the nation to provide the consumer alert for clients visiting CPCs – unlicensed centers that provide pregnancy tests and pregnancy “ counseling , ” but do not offer any medical services .
“ We are simply requiring limited service pregnancy centers to disclose what is factual and true about the services they offer , ” Council member Bill Spelman , who is sponsoring the ordinance , said in a press release .
[ bold type in original story as quoted . ]
On Tuesday the Archdiocese of Baltimore filed a lawsuit against the City of Baltimore saying that the ordinance violated their right to freedom of speech and religion .
The Austin Chronicle explains :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
To be clear , the Baltimore ordinance – like that proposed by Spelman ( and co-sponsored by Laura Morrison and Mayor Pro Tem Mike Martinez ) – defines the centers as “ limited - service pregnancy centers ” and requires only that those facilities that do not provide the range of reproductive health services post a notice to that effect .
Indeed , as with the proposed Austin ordinance , the Baltimore law does not require any CPC to actually provide or make referrals for either of those services .
The Austin ordinance would likely apply to a handful of CPCs in the city , and is said by its authors not meant to hurt their businesses – rather , it is meant , as a “ truth - in - advertising ” law , to protect women , as consumers .
“ Regardless of how one feels about birth control or safe , legal abortion , this ordinance is about providing accurate information , ” said Martinez .
[ bold type in original story as quoted . ]
The Texas state government provides some funding to CPCs through its “ Alternatives to Abortion ” program .
Indeed , in 2005 lawmakers took $ 5 million that would otherwise go to providers of traditional family - planning services for low - income women to create ( via a budget rider ) the new “ Alternatives to Abortion ” program , as a way to directly fund CPCs and task them with “ promoting childbirth . ”
In a series of articles , the Chronicle found that the money has n’t exactly done much to provide women with any real services – aside from referring them to other state and federal programs , and providing a nice annual raise for Vincent Friedewald , the executive director of the Texas Pregnancy Care Network , which administers the state contract .
Still , in the 2009 session – a bad budget year – lawmakers allocated an additional $ 3 million over the biennium for the program , boosting the Alternative to Abortion budget by a whopping 60 % .
In spending that money , the state - funded CPCs are not required to be licensed or regulated , nor are they required to provide any medical services at all .
The city of Austin proposed ordinance is only seeking to make clear what services a woman can expect when visiting a CPC : “ Women facing an unintended pregnancy need to understand what services are available to them , ” Morrison said in a press release .
“ This ordinance helps ensure that . ”
Sara Cleveland , executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Texas released a statement :
NARAL Pro-Choice
Texas has long worked to expose the deceptive practices of certain CPCs , publishing multiple research reports about them since 2005 .
Many CPCs list themselves in phone and online directories under the headings “ abortion , ” “ abortion alternatives , ” “ family planning information centers ” or “ women ’s health organization ” even though the abortion service they provide is to dissuade women from exercising their right to choose by using anti-choice propaganda .
“ We should all be able to agree with the ordinance ’s goals of truth in advertising .
Lines are crossed when a CPC is not up front about its services , or when a center uses misinformation , ” continued Cleveland .
NARAL Pro-Choice
Texas investigated three centers in Austin , all of which gave misinformation about abortion or birth control and none of which would provide a referral , even for birth control .
You can read NARAL Pro-Choice Texas 2009 report on CPCs here .
The Cheonan report is out , and it ’s not pretty .
The most thorough accounts of the press conference appear to be those of the Sydney Morning Herald and the New York Times .
The investigators — a team from South Korea , America , the UK , Australia and Sweden — concluded that :
( Hats off to Geoff Forden for nailing the first point as soon as the two halves of the Cheonan were raised from the sea bottom . )
South Korea has already suspended funding for interactions with the North .
The North has denounced the report as a fabrication .
Perhaps needless to say , this development bodes ill for an early return of North Korea to the Six - Party Talks .
Late Update .
The official response from the DPRK :
May 20 .
2010 Juch 99
Spokesman for DPRK National Defence Commission Issues Statement
Pyongyang , May 20 ( KCNA ) —
A spokesman for the DPRK National Defence Commission issued a statement today as regards the sinking of warship “ Cheonan ” of the south Korean puppet navy .
The statement reads :
We had already warned the south Korean group of traitors not to make reckless remarks concerning the sinking of warship “ Cheonan ” of the puppet navy .
Nevertheless , the group of traitors had far - fetchedly tried to link the case with us without offering any material evidence .
It finally announced the results of the joint investigation based on a sheer fabrication , which assert that the warship was sunken by our torpedo attack , in a bid to mislead the public opinion inside and outside Korea .
It is , at the same time , crying out for “ punishment ” and “ retaliation ” internally and foolishly seeking to prod the international community into applying additional “ sanctions ” against the DPRK .
What matters is that traitor Lee Myung Bak is taking the lead in such anti-DPRK smear campaign , even daring slander the headquarters of our revolution .
Meanwhile , Kim Thae Yong and other gangsters of the south Korean puppet military accustomed to flattery and blind obedience echo Lee Myung Bak ’s outbursts .
This smear campaign is fanned up by Ryu Myung Hwan and other ultra-rightist conservatives of south Korea .
This is also joined by the U.S. and Japanese aggressors who are making desperate efforts to keep their hostile policy towards the DPRK on its orbit .
We would like to question them so busy linking the above - said case with the DPRK why they do n’t link with it the death of a puppet army soldier , crashes of fighter plane and gunship of the puppet navy and air force and the sinking of a civilian fishing boat that occurred one after another almost simultaneously .
It is the age of science and technology .
As a swollen balloon is bound to break , any lie is bound to be brought to light no matter how hard one may try to make it sound plausible .
What is evident is that the sinking of warship “ Cheonan ” can never be construed otherwise than a “ conspiratorial farce ” and “ charade ” orchestrated by the group of traitors in a deliberate and brigandish manner to achieve certain political and military aims because only 46 soldiers met miserable deaths while officers survived the case .
This being a hard reality , they are pointing a dirty accusing finger at us like a thief crying “ Stop the thief ! ”
It is a trite method of the successive south Korean puppet regimes to fake up a shocking case and use it for floating a story about “ north wind ” whenever they find themselves in a crisis .
These days they are using for this plot even “ deserters from the north ” who had found their ways to a dumping ground and human scum .
The National Defence Commission of the DPRK responsible for the defence of the country and the security of the nation clarifies the principled stand of our army and people in view of the grave situation where the sinister plot of the group of traitors may lead to reckless actions against us .
1 . As the group of traitors declared that the sinking of the warship “ Cheonan ” is linked with us , the NDC of the DPRK will dispatch an inspection group to the spot of south Korea to verify material evidence concerning the linkage .
The group of traitors should produce before the dignified inspection group of the DPRK material evidence proving that the sinking of the warship is linked with us .
We remind the group of traitors in advance that there should be not a shred of doubt about the material evidence to be produced before the inspection group .
2 . Our army and people will promptly react to any “ punishment ” and “ retaliation ” and to any “ sanctions ” infringing upon our state interests with various forms of tough measures including an all - out war .
The all - out war to be undertaken by us will be a sacred war involving the whole nation , all the people and the whole state for completely eliminating the strongholds of the group of traitors who orchestrated “ the conspiratorial farce ” and “ charade ” and their followers and building instead a reunified power in which the whole nation emerges powerful and prosperous .
The tough countermeasures to be taken by us will prove to be practical actions of justice for dealing unpredictable sledge - hammer blows at the group of traitors who blocks national reconciliation and unity and stirs up an atmosphere of confrontation in the south Korean society .
3 . Now that the group of traitors declared what it called “ decisive actions ” , we will brand any small incident that occurs in the territorial waters , air and land where our sovereignty is exercised including the West Sea of Korea as a provocation of confrontation maniacs and react to it with unlimited retaliatory blow , merciless strong physical blow .
It is our invariable iron will to react to “ retaliation ” with more powerful retaliation and to “ punishment ” with indiscriminate punishment of our style .
Availing ourselves of this opportunity , we sternly warn the U.S. and Japanese authorities and riff - raffs , their poor lackeys , to act with discretion .
The world will clearly see what dear price the group of traitors will have to pay for the clumsy “ conspiratorial farce ” and “ charade ” concocted to stifle compatriots .
HOUSTON -- Houston 's hitters were no match for Ubaldo Jimenez on Thursday night .
The only thing that slowed him down was the Houston weather on a hot , sticky night with the Minute Maid Park roof open .
Jimenez allowed one hit over seven innings and Troy Tulowitzki had a three - run homer as the Colorado Rockies beat the Astros 4 - 0 to break a three - game skid .
He could have lasted longer if not for leg cramps that began in the seventh inning .
" It was just because of the weather , " he said .
" It was so hot out here .
The bullpen , it 's like a sauna .
The bullpen 's covered and you lose a lot of water in your body . "
The only hit Jimenez ( 8 - 1 ) allowed was Humberto Quintero 's single to start the third inning .
It came when third baseman Ian Stewart could n't handle the hard - hit grounder barehanded .
Jimenez , who improved his major league - low ERA to 0.99 , struck out four and walked two .
" He 's really special , " manager Jim Tracy said .
" He 's a big reason why with all the different things we 've dealt with and all the different things that we are still sorting through , he 's the reason why our heads are still fairly well above water .
He 's a big , big part of that . "
Matt Belisle allowed one hit in the eighth before Manny Corpas did the same in the ninth to complete the shutout .
Lance Berkman walked with no outs in the fourth but Jimenez got out of that inning unscathed when Hunter Pence grounded into a double play after he retired Carlos Lee .
He sailed through the next three innings , retiring the next nine batters .
His only trouble came when he came up a bit gimpy on a run to first base when he reached on an error by Pedro Feliz in the seventh inning .
He walked around gingerly for a couple of minutes while trainers talked to him , but he remained in the game .
Jimenez struck out the first five batters before walking Feliz .
Still , he said he was n't feeling great early .
" At the beginning of the game I did n't feel good because I was throwing everything high , " said Jimenez , who threw the season 's only no -hitter , in April at Atlanta .
" But as the game went on , I started getting better .
In the fifth and sixth inning I started pounding the strike zone and throwing my breaking ball for strikes . "
Quintero was impressed with Jimenez .
" He is a good pitcher , " he said .
" He can throw anything .
He was throwing his sinker at 98 [ mph ] , slider , change up , everything . "
Houston starter Roy Oswalt ( 2 - 6 ) extended his streak of quality starts to nine after allowing two earned runs and three hits in six innings .
That 's the longest such streak to start a season for an Astro since Roger Clemens had nine in a row in 2005 .
The Astros have struggled to score runs with Oswalt pitching and he entered the game with the lowest run support in the National League at 2.29 runs a game .
Thursday was the sixth time the Astros have been shut out this season .
Houston opened the game with an error when Oswalt could n't handle a short flip from Berkman on the game 's first at - bat , allowing Carlos Gonzalez to reach first .
Todd Helton walked with one out before Tulowitzki's shot to the Crawford Boxes in left field made it 3 - 0 .
" I threw the ball well , " Oswalt said .
" I thought I had good stuff coming out there in the first inning .
I just had that one pitch .
I made good pitches to him before he hit the home run that he did n't hit . "
A single by Brad Hawpe in the eighth drove in a run to make it 4 - 0 .
Game notes
Houston LHP Tim Byrdak , who is on the DL with a hamstring injury and who has also had back problems , will begin a rehabilitation assignment with Triple - A Round Rock on Friday .
He is scheduled to pitch one inning on Friday and another one on Sunday .
... Oswaldo Navarro , whose contract the Astros purchased from Triple - A Round Rock on Wednesday , struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth .
...
Helton 's double in the eighth inning tied him with Joe Cronin for 40th on the all - time list with 515 .
Franklin Graham is apparently under the impression that freedom of speech and religion means that he is allowed to say anything the wants and nobody has a right to disagree or complain , nor will there ever be any repercussions , because he was merely exercising his religious freedom ,
That , at least , seems to be his stock response whenever he discusses being disinvited from the Pentagon ’s National Day of Prayer event , as he’s now complaining to CBN ’s David Brody that Christianity is being “ put down ” :
“ I think it is a put down , because there seems to be that Islam gets a pass , that a couple of Muslims complain about a Christian event at the Pentagon , when there ’s been Christian events at the Pentagon for years .
My father has preached there , I have preached there , many others have preached there , but yet a couple of Muslims can complain .
They can have Ramadan , they have their prayer services there , I do n’t complain , I ’m happy for them to do that , but for them to complain because I do n’t believe as they believe and I do n’t worship the same God that they worship .
I worship a different God than they worship .
But we love them , and I care for them , and I want Muslims everywhere to know what I know that Jesus Christ died for their sins the same way he died for mine and if they ’re willing to confess and repent of their sins and receive Christ in their hearts , then their lives , they can have that assurance of salvation , forgiveness of sin , and they can have that assurance of Heaven , and I want them to know that . ”
I wonder how Graham and the Religious Right if the Pentagon had invited a Jewish or Muslim speaker to the Day of Prayer event who had called Christianity a “ very evil and wicked religion “ ?
I ’m sure that they would have respected said speaker ’s religious and first amendment rights … just like they did when a group of Muslims tried to hold a prayer rally on the National Mall last year .
Lawyer for Filing Bankruptcy in New Jersey
No one wants their life to be consumed with worry about debt .
You may feel like you have run out of options , but there are solutions for issues like credit card and hospital bills , creditor harassment , repossessions and foreclosure .
At the law offices of Oliver & Legg , we can help you put an end to debt problems and regain control of your financial future by filing bankruptcy .
You can be debt free .
Call 732-988-1500 for a free attorney consultation in Monmouth or Ocean counties .
Here 's a friendly reminder to all those considering purchase of a supercar :
Always remember , kids — the Audi R8 is practically a Lamborghini and thus prone to unfortunate bouts of self - immolation .
( Hat tip to m 2 m ) [ Autogespot ]
Advertisement
Home / Premium Picks
BEST WINNING STREAKS :
>>>
Click here to read about our guarantee policy and customer loyalty program featuring Bonus Bucks <<<
Kevin Thomas Kevin ’s 10 * NFL TOTAL INVESTMENT
Thursday nights stink fest features the Broncos and Jets .
I have my 10 * investment on the TOTAL .
Lock in with a proven winner as I start a new run in week 4 on the Gridiron .
Matt Fargo Fargo's
10 * NFL Thursday Star Attraction ( 3 - 0 Run )
Matt closed last week with an OUTRIGHT WIN on the Chiefs and he now brings in a PERFECT 3 - 0 Primetime Run into Thursday with the matchup between the Broncos and Jets !
His +$ 30,137 NFL run is extended here as he keeps the Primetime SURGE rolling along !
Fargo's 10 * CFB Friday Enforcer ( 12 - 8 - 2 Run )
The College Football season that was in question is now running full steam and we can get some really good spots .
This is one of those !
Matt opens Week Five with a Top Play Enforcer om Friday which he loves !
Build your bankroll a play that COVERS WITH EASE !
Fargo's CFB Saturday Afternoon Dominator ( 12 - 8 - 2 )
We are finally in the thick of the college football season and with the expanded schedule , we can pick out more value !
Fargo is on a POTENT 12 - 8 - 2 CFB run and he opens a busy Saturday with an Afternoon Dominator and he is planning to win this one GOING AWAY !
Fargo's CFB Saturday Enforcer ( 12 - 8 - 2 Run )
Another full Saturday College Football schedule is here , and Matt is ready to take advantage of some great matchups .
He is on a SWEET 1 - 8 - 2 CFB run in CFB and is eyeing a game he expects to turn into a BLOWOUT !
This is a MASSIVE Winner so do not think about missing out !
Fargo's CFB Saturday Ultimate Underdog 12-8 - 2 Run
The College Football season that was in question is now running full steam and we can get some really good spots .
This is one of those !
Matt is on a SOLID 12 - 8 - 2 CFB run and he continues the SURGE with an Ultimate Underdog !
Build your bankroll a play that COVERS WITH EASE !
Fargo's 10 * CFB Game of the Month ( 12 - 8 - 2 Run )
The college football season has kicked off as we are nearing the quarter pole for some teams !
Matt rolls into Week Five as he is releasing another TOP PLAY on Saturday !
He closed last season on a 75 percent run and he continues the surge with his CFB Game of the Month !
Lou Lacerda Lou ’s 5unit NFL - TNF LOCKDOWN
I ’m cashing 60 % of my NFL bets heading into week 4 .
It all starts with my TNF - LOCKDOWN as the two 0 - 3 teams in the Broncos and Jets square off in East Rutherford .
SUCCE $ $ continues here
Mike Anthony Thursday NFL TOP PLAY
Mike Anthony is all set to unload and make a major score on Thursday NFL Primetime action .
Get Mike 's # 1 THURSDAYPLAY for tonight for just $ 40 and UNLOAD !
Mike will cash this as the # 1 Capper in the Nation gets ready to shock the gambling airwaves again !
Just $ 40 makes you a winner with this TOP PLAY SURE SHOT !
Doc's Sports Doc’s SEC Saturday Early Tilt
Doc ’s Sports nailed their SEC Game of the Year last Saturday .
Expect more of the same this week with a strong side play selection from one of the 12 p.m. eastern games .
Get it now and let 49 years of handicapping experience work for you .
Doc ’s Saturday Big 12 Game of the Year ( 4 - 0 Run )
Doc ’s Sports is a P - E- R-F - E - C - T 4 - 0 on their top plays in college football this season .
They have already hit their ACC Game of the Year and their SEC Game of the Year .
Now they turn their attention to the Big 12 with a strong play they like so much it warrants a 10 * Game of the Year rating .
Get it now and let 49 years of handicapping experience work for you .
Doc ’s NFL Sunday Early Tilt
Start off Sunday with a strong side play selection from one of the 1 p.m. eastern games .
Get it now for $ 30 and let 49 years of handicapping experience work for you .
Doc ’s 10 * Sunday NFL Game of the Week ( 5 - 1 Run )
Doc ’s Sports has been lights out with their 10 * plays in football this season ( college and NFL ) .
This is a selection they like so much it warrants a 10 * Game of the Week rating .
Sign - up now and this play is MONEY IN THE BANK , backed by a full report and 49 years of handicapping experience .
Chip Chirimbes Chip's ' Guaranteed ' Thursday NFL Power Play
Chip's ' Guaranteed ' Thursday NFL Power Play Chip Chirimbes the ' Big Game Player ' and Las Vegas Hilton Handicapping Champion was 5 - 3 but dropped his Sunday and Monday night release and now a ' Documented ' 47 - 23 68 % with his last 70 Stand Alone ' NFL ( Thurs. , Sunday & Monday night ) games 6 - 3 67 % in 2020 .
Chip is 3 - 0 on Thursday 's off Miami 31 - 13 over Jacksonville .
Today , he has posted his ' Guaranteed ' Power Play winner between Denver and the New York Jets .
Get this Best Bet WINNER NOW ... only $ 39 !
Rob Vinciletti Rob V:NFL Double System Thursday night Dominator
$$ Thursday night Special - Denver at NY Double System Side $ $ ** NFL Sides off to a 10 - 5 start ** On Thursday start the Month big in the NFL with a Huge Double System Dominator in the NY vs Denver game .
Rob starts the month fast and this Play has a Powerful Analysis backed with a Solid Stat Pack .
Jump on now with the ONLY 2 time overall football seasonal leader
Rocketman Sports Rocketman Friday Night CFB Winner ! 75 - 46 run !
Rocky Atkinson has a SOLID 6 * CFB Winner for Friday night .
One of the BEST HANDICAPPERS in the world is on an impressive 521-404 56 % OVERALL run over his last 945 picks !
Join the same handicapper that has made $ 1,000 / game bettors $ 81,000 since February 11 , 2018 with his Spread on Louisiana Tech v. BYU !
Rocketman is 75 - 46 last 121 overall picks !
Rocketman TOP 8 * CFB BEST BET Sat! 75 - 46 run !
Rocky Atkinson has a TOP 8 * CFB BEST BET for Saturday .
One of the BEST HANDICAPPERS in the world is on an impressive 149- 101 60 % OVERALL run over his last 256 picks !
Join the same handicapper that has made $ 1,000 / game bettors $ 43,840 since July 28 , 2019 with his Spread on LSU v. Vanderbilt !
Rocketman is 75 - 46 last 121 overall picks in all sports !
Rocketman Two 6 * NFL Winners Sunday !
2-0 LW !
Rocky Atkinson has two 6 * NFL Winners for EARLY Sunday .
One of the BEST HANDICAPPERS in the world is on an impressive 521-404 56 % OVERALL run over his last 945 picks !
Join the same handicapper that has made $ 1,000 / game bettors $ 81,000 since February 11 , 2018 !
74 % last year with all NFL picks !
2 - 0 sweep this past week in NFL !
Rocketman TOP 8 * NFL BEST BET Sun ! 18-2 90 % run !
Rocky Atkinson has a TOP 8 * NFL BEST BET for Sunday night .
One of the BEST HANDICAPPERS in the world is on an impressive 16 - 1 94 % NFL run over his last 19 TOP NFL picks !
Join the same handicapper that has made $ 1,000 / game bettors $ 14,910 since November 11 , 2018 with his Spread on Eagles v. 49ers !
Rocketman is 18 - 2 last 20 TOP NFL plays !
2 - 0 sweep this past week in NFL with Chiefs and Patriots easily !
74 % last year with all NFL picks !
Jeff Hochman Jeff's 5 * NFL Sunday best bet--HOT
Jeff's ( JH - Sportsline ) NFL is on a bankrolling 27 - 14 run , including 4 - 1 so far this season .
Do n't miss Jeff's 5 * NFL Sunday best bet with all the reasons why for just $ 49 bucks .
Get down now before this line starts to move .
You will be glad you did .
Jeff 's all sports are on a bankrolling 33 - 18 tear after cashing with the LA Lakers Wednesday night .
Get 30 days ( all sports ) for only $ 275 .
100 % Profit Guaranteed !
Sean Higgs Sean's Thursday NFL
Higgs ready for NFL on Thursday night .
Must See TV is back !
0 - 6 will turn into 1 - 7 as the Broncos and Jets look to get in the win column .
Sean has your WINNER up now .
After a break - in at their house , a couple gets help from one of the cops that answered their call .
He helps them install the security system , and begins dropping by on short notice and unofficial patrol , and spends a lot of time discussing the couple 's problems with the wife .
The husband begins wondering if they 're getting too much help .
Written by Ed Sutton < esutton@mindspring.com >
In common with many websites , several torrent sites have their own Facebook fan pages that are used to interact with users .
These pages usually update fans on site news and do not link to torrent files .
Despite this , Facebook does not seem tolerant of all torrent site fan pages , and has just removed one of the popular ones .
With more than 400 million active users , Facebook is by far the largest social networking site .
Not surprisingly , the service is also an often used tool for torrent site admins to communicate with users .
Both users and site admins have been pleased with Facebook so far , and some sites are ‘ liked ’ by over a hundred thousand people .
Unfortunately , it seems that Facebook itself is not very happy with all torrent site fan pages .
KickassTorrents , one of the hot newcomers in the BitTorrent scene , decided to join Facebook just three weeks ago .
In just a few days the page collected more than 25,000 fans , but the fun did n’t last long as it was quickly removed ( Google cache ) .
The founder of KickassTorrents told TorrentFreak that he received an email from Facebook stating that his fan page violated the Terms of Use and as such was removed .
No explanation was given on what the violation actually was or what action should be taken to prevent this from happening in the future .
The removed page …
It is hard to tell what Facebook ’s motivation for removing the page was .
The page was used solely to update and inform fans and there were no links to torrent files posted .
However , it would not be a big surprise if the association with a torrent site is enough reason for Facebook to remove a page .
In the past , Facebook has taken an aggressive stance towards file - sharing related services .
The social networking site has previously blocked The Pirate Bay ’s “ Share on Facebook ” feature , and it later threatened the LimeWire developers that it will do the same to them if they did n’t disable the share feature in their client .
After banning The Pirate Bay a Facebook spokesperson told TorrentFreak : “ Facebook respects copyrights and our Terms of Service prohibits placement of ‘ Share on Facebook ’ links on sites that contain any content that is infringing . ”
With KickassTorrent ’s fan page things are different though , as it did n’t link to infringing content at all .
The founder of KickassTorrents has been left in the dark about why his page was removed and assumes that it ’s related to the ‘ torrent site ’ brand .
If this is indeed the case , Facebook is not very consistent as many other torrent sites are still using the service without running into trouble .
But then again , they are known for their inconsistency as dozens of sites still carry the ‘ Share on Facebook ’ buttons too .
Facebook was asked for a comment but they have yet to respond .
⚠️ Warning : This article is obsolete .
Articles typically receive this designation when the technology they describe is no longer relevant , code provided is later deemed to be of poor quality , or the topics discussed are better presented in future articles .
Articles like this are retained for the sake of preservation , but their content should be critically assessed .
Realtime FFT Graph of Audio WAV File or Microphone Input with Python , Scipy , and WCKgraph
I 'm stretching the limits of what these software platforms were designed to to , but I 'm impressed such a hacked - together code produces fast , functional results .
The code below is the simplest case code I could create which graphs the audio spectrum of the microphone input .
It seems to run fine with about 30 + FPS on my modest machine .
It should work on Windows and Linux .
I chose not to go with matplotlib because I did n't think it was fast enough for my needs in this one case .
Here 's what the code below looks like running :
NOTE that this program was designed with the intent of recording the FFTs , therefore if the program " falls behind " the real time input , it will buffer the sound on its own and try to catch up ( accomplished by two layers of threading ) .
In this way , all audio gets interpreted .
If you 're just trying to create a spectrograph for simple purposes , have it only sample the audio when it needs to , rather than having it sample audio continuously .
( Note : Greyson Chance is the sixth - grader whose cover of Lady Gaga ’s ‘ Paparazzi ’ made him an overnight YouTube sensation , resulting in a quick record deal . )
Give Me a Chance ( Interscope , 2011 )
Second Chance ( Interscope , 2012 )
Leave it to Chance ( Interscope , 2013 )
One More Chance ( Columbia Records , 2018 )
Funky With a Chance of Chance ( JayTee Records , 2020 )
Dirty Chancing ( JayTee Records , 2021 )
Give Chance a Peace ( JayTree Records , 2026 )
Your Best Chance : The Best of Greyson Chance ( Interscope , 2026 )
Chance of a Lifetime : The Greatest Hits ( Interscope , 2034 )
Last Chance ( Island Records , 2051 )
US mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae said Monday it needs an additional government bailout of 8.4 billion dollars after reporting a 2010 first - quarter loss of 11.5 billion dollars .
“ Our first - quarter results were driven primarily by credit - related expenses , which remain at elevated levels due to weaknesses in the economy and the housing market , ” the company said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
The results showed improvement from the 2009 fourth quarter , when the loss stood at 15.2 billion dollars , the firm said , reporting its results in newly adopted accounting standards .
But the company , which with sibling mortgage finance giant Freddie Mac was seized in a government rescue in September 2008 amid an escalating financial crisis after the collapse of a housing bubble , said it ended the first quarter with a net worth deficit of 8.4 billion dollars .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guarantee more than 40 percent of the home loans in the United States .
Hammered by the global financial crisis and the US recession , the two publicly owned firms were bailed out at a cost of up to 200 billion dollars by the Treasury Department at the time .
Fannie Mae said Monday that its 2010 first - quarter net loss attributable to common stockholders , which included dividends on Treasury - held preferred stock , was 13.1 billion dollars .
ADVERTISEMENT
The additional 8.4 billion dollars in aid requested would bolster 15.3 billion dollars in aid already provided by the Treasury on March 31 , aimed at preventing the failure of a key pillar of the US real - estate market .
Freddie Mac last week reported a first - quarter net loss of 7.98 billion dollars and asked for 10.6 billion dollars in additional Treasury aid .
HOUSING markets continue to strengthen , as The Economist 's latest survey of global house prices shows .
Our periodic round - up was dominated for nearly a year by countries where house prices were falling year - on - year .
But the latest available data show that in half of the 20 countries whose markets we monitor , house prices are higher than they were twelve months earlier .
Since these indicators were last published at the end of 2009 , house - price inflation has quickened in each of the seven countries where it was already positive .
In Hong Kong , prices are more than a quarter above their level a year earlier .
With the exception of Ireland , the pace of decline has slowed in countries where the market has yet to turn the corner .
In America , two of the three measures we follow show that prices remain below their level a year earlier , but the Case - Shiller index of house prices in ten big cities was at the same level in January as it was a year earlier .
Singapore has gone from being one of the most depressed housing markets in the third quarter of 2009 to being the second - frothiest in the three months to March .
This effervescence clearly worries its government , which has made it more difficult for buyers to delay mortgage payments and taken steps to deter speculative purchases .
In Canada , another country where house prices are rising again , new rules announced in February make it more expensive to buy an investment property and reduce the amount that existing homeowners can borrow against their houses .
Should other countries consider similar steps ?
That depends in part on a judgment about whether prices have fallen far enough to erase the excesses of the bubble , or whether houses remain overvalued .
One way to get at this is to compare the ratio of house prices to rents in a country to its long - run average , as our measure of fair value in housing does .
In Japan , Switzerland and Germany housing - to - rent ratios are below their long - run average .
But even for America , one version of The Economist 's fair - value measure suggests that the correction in house prices may have gone far enough .
Prices measured using the Case - Shiller national index have fallen enough to make houses there look underpriced .
In the big American cities covered by the Case - Shiller ten -city index , the price - to - rent ratio is nearing its historic average .
Houses in America are still overvalued by around 13 % if prices are measured using the index maintained by the Federal Housing Finance Agency , but this excludes properties financed using subprime mortgages , many of which have been sold at very low prices , and so may understate the extent to which prices have been plummeting .
The story is different in Britain .
British house prices had risen by nearly 10 % in the year to the end of the first quarter of 2010 , but the country 's price - to - rent ratio still outstrips its long - term average by nearly a third .
This pattern — of prices rising in markets where houses still look overvalued — is also seen in Hong Kong , Singapore , Australia , Sweden and Canada .
In France , Italy , Spain and Ireland , houses do appear overpriced relative to their earnings potential , but at least prices there are still falling .
Interactive : Compare countries ' housing data over time at : Economist.com/houseprices
Operations at the reactor were suspended after the 1995 accident
Japan 's Atomic Energy Agency says it has restarted a controversial nuclear reactor , more than 14 years after its operations were suspended .
A spokesman for the agency said work began at the plutonium - fired reactor in the northern fishing town of Tsuruga after the government gave the go - ahead .
The facility , called Monju , was shut down in 1995 following a fire .
The accident and cover - up created widespread public concern over the safety of nuclear power .
No one was hurt and there was no radiation leak in the accident , which occurred less than two years after it had begun generating power .
But the plant 's operators were criticised for concealing extensive damage to the reactor .
Safety concerns
The fast - breeder reactor was declared reactivated by Monju 's director general , Kazuo Mukai , after one of its control rods , which had been inserted to prevent an atomic reaction , was lifted .
It uses plutonium fuel instead of conventional uranium and produces radioactive substances that can be reused as fuel .
It is expected to reach operational levels by Saturday , and then to reach full output by the spring of 2013 .
Only Russia and India , alongside Japan , operate fast - breeder reactors , although China says it wishes to start doing so soon .
Tokyo - based group the Citizens ' Nuclear Information Centre said : " We believe that Monju is an accident waiting to happen and that it is , therefore , irresponsible to restart the plant .
" We demand that the government stop playing Russian roulette with our lives and permanently close down Monju . "
Japan relies on nuclear energy for about a third of its domestic power supply .
But public concern over the safety of its plants is high , after a string of accidents and malfunctions .
Need something to wash that Kin marketing out of your mouth ?
How about some new tidbits on the superphone to end all superphones ?
For whatever reason , the HTC EVO 4G has showed up in Sprint 's inventory , a couple months early by all accounts .
It 's carrying a completely reasonable $ 5,555 pricetag , and the appropriate HTC A9292 model number .
If that does n't quite satiate your EVO 4G thirst , LeakDroid has managed to get shots of those EVO 4G accessories we 've been hearing about , including a home dock , extended battery case , colored silicon sleeves , and a car dock .
Hit up the source link for the shots .
[ Thanks to an anonymous tipster for the inventory screen ]
DETROIT -- Daniel Larsson could n't envision his career advancing much in the Detroit Red Wings ' system , not with Jimmy Howard having emerged as their starting goaltender and Thomas McCollum pegged as their goalie of the future .
So after two seasons with the Grand Rapids Griffins , the 24 - year - old Larsson has signed a two - year contract with HV - 71 , the reigning champions of the Swedish Elite League .
Larsson told Swedish media that the contract includes an out clause after one year and that his goal remains to play in the NHL .
" They wanted me in the AHL ( for ) at least another year , but I felt that the two seasons was enough , '' Larsson told
. " NHL is still my ultimate goal .
I think this is the best way to get there . ''
Larsson had a chance to be the Red Wings ' backup to Howard in 2011 - 12 because Chris Osgood is expected to retire after next season .
The Red Wings retain Larsson 's NHL rights for three more seasons , until he turns 27 , and general manager Ken Holland said he would welcome him back if he looks NHL - ready .
Larsson is a restricted free agent who will earn much more in Sweden than he would have playing for the Griffins ( roughly $ 100,000 ) .
Detroit 's third - round pick ( 92nd overall ) in the 2006 entry draft , Larsson played well in his first AHL season , going 22 - 12 - 2 , with a 2.76 goals - against average and five shutouts while splitting time with Howard .
Larsson was n't as sharp in 2009 - 10 ( 23 - 24 - 2 , 2.85 GAA , one shutout ) , but neither was the team around him .
Holland said the Red Wings will look to sign a veteran goalie , someone who will provide depth and compete for playing time with McCollum in Grand Rapids .
Jordan Pearce also will compete for a job with the Griffins .
" Larsson 's season was inconsistent , '' Holland said .
" He played well for stretches .
When Larsson faltered , McCollum was n't able to pick the team up . ''
The 20 - year - old McCollum , the club 's first - round pick in 2008 ( 30th overall ) , went 10 - 16 - 2 with a 3.48 GAA and .881 save percentage for the Griffins .
" His first year was a struggle at times , but you 're best off to deal with adversity early in your career .
It sends a message , '' Holland said .
" We 're very high on Thomas McCollum , but next year is very important for him .
Our philosophy is you earn your ice time .
If McCollum struggles , it 's someone else 's job . ''
No decision yet on Maltby
Holland said he likely will wait until mid-June before deciding whether to offer a contract to forward Kirk Maltby , 37 .
Holland said much will depend on what happens with the club's other free agents and whether the team has a roster spot and salary - cap space .
Maltby underwent season - ending shoulder surgery March 2 .
" I like him as a player and a person .
I thought he played well at the start of the season , '' Holland said .
" He 's a winner , a team player .
But at the same time , we have to evaluate the young people in the organization and our cap situation . ''
The Red Wings are certain to re-sign Tomas Holmstrom and likely will re-sign Todd Bertuzzi .
and is expected to re-sign its remaining restricted free - agent forwards : Darren Helm , Justin Abdelkader , Patrick Eaves and Drew Miller .
None of those deals are imminent , however .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mexican telecom giant Carlos Slim has topped Forbes magazine 's billionaire 's list - the first time since 1994 that an American has not led the rankings .
Mr Slim 's fortune rose by $ 18.5 bn ( £ 12.4 bn ) last year to $ 53.5 bn .
That beat Microsoft founder Bill Gates ( $ 53 bn ) into second place , with US investor Warren Buffett ( $ 43 bn ) third .
In 2009 332 names left the list after a tough year , but the total number of billionaires on this year 's list rose from 793 to 1,011 , Forbes said .
' Dominating businesses '
A spokesman for Carlos Slim refused to confirm the Forbes estimate of the Mexican tycoon 's wealth , saying they did not " waste their time " on such calculations , but he welcomed the result .
" We 're pleased that he has been considered the best businessman of the world , " spokesman Arturo Elias told the BBC .
" It means there is trust among the investors . "
Forbes magazine 's chief executive Steve Forbes told the BBC that Mr Slim had been slowly climbing the rich list for a number of years .
" He has been dominating businesses in Mexico , and businesses in the US as well , " Mr Forbes said .
" He foresaw the rise in telecommunications , particularly cell phones .
And he is also big in cement . "
The year 's biggest gainer , Brazilian mining tycoon Eike Batista , broke into the top 10 for the first time .
He came in at number seven , having boosted his wealth by $ 19.5 bn to $ 27bn .
France 's Bernard Arnault ( $ 27.5 bn ) , the man behind the world 's biggest luxury goods firm LVMH , also moved back into the top 10 , increasing his fortune by $ 11bn to $ 27.5 bn .
Their mounting wealth helped to push Ikea 's Ingvar Kamprad and Theo Albrecht - one of the men behind Aldi - out of the top 10 .
Asian rise
One of the most notable aspects of the Forbes list in recent years has been the growth in Indian and Chinese billionaires , as the economies of the two countries have grown strongly .
CARLOS SLIM Full name - Carlos Slim Helu Age - 70 Widower with six children Family empire now controls more than 200 companies Controls more than 90 % of Mexico 's phone landlines Other interests include Inbursa financial group and the Grupo Carso industrial conglomerate
Profile : Carlos Slim China billionaires ' second to US '
The internet billionaire rich list
This year there are 41 Indian billionaires , and 60 from China .
The richest Indian is Mukesh Ambani in fourth place .
Worth an estimated $ 29bn , he owns Reliance Industries , India 's largest company .
Its business interests range from oil and gas , to food and clothing .
China 's wealthiest billionaire - excluding those based in the Hong Kong special administrative region - is Zong Qinghou .
In 103rd place on the list , Mr Zong is worth an estimated $ 7bn .
He owns Hangzhou Wahaha , China 's largest soft drinks company .
Upturn
In a sign that the global economy could be improving , the average net worth of the world 's billionaires is now $ 3.5 bn , up $ 500 m from last year .
Furthermore , 97 names made their debut while a record 164 returned to the list in 2010 - including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ( $ 4bn ) , who , aged 25 , also regained the title of youngest billionaire .
The news was a far cry from 2009 when the financial crisis took its toll on the world 's richest people , wiping 332 names off the list and an average of 23 % off the wealth of the remaining billionaires .
Falling stock markets and collapsing commodity prices were blamed .
Russia 's ultra-rich appear to have recovered from last year 's commodity - related losses , however , with 62 billionaires on the 2010 list , compared with 27 last year .
Consumer focus
In Europe , shopping dominated the money list with six of the top 10 European billionaires making their money in retail and three more in consumer products .
Top of the list was Bernard Arnault ( 7 ) from LVMH , closely followed by Amancio Ortego of clothes retailer Zara ( 9 ) , Karl Albrecht of cut - price supermarket Aldi ( 10 ) , Igvar Kamprad and family ( 11 ) of Ikea and Stefan Persson ( 13 ) of discount retailer Hennes & Mauritz .
In the UK , the sixth Duke of Westminster Gerald Grosvenor ( 45 ) remained the wealthiest Briton with a net worth of $ 12bn as he improved his finances by $ 1bn despite the UK property slump .
Meanwhile , two Britons also made their debut - real estate investor Xiuli Hawken ( $ 2.4bn ) and hedge fund manager Alan Howard ( $ 1.8 bn ) .
On the up
The improving health of the global economy meant that 55 countries were represented in the Forbes list - with Pakistan ( Mian Muhammad Mansha , number 937 ) and Finland ( Antti Herlin , number 773 ) adding their first billionaires .
Strengthening stock markets and several large public offerings during the past year helped Asia close the gap with Europe .
A total of 234 Asian billionaires were featured in the 2010 list compared with 248 from Europe .
Russia 's reversal of fortunes in the past 12 months also helped Moscow to inch up the league of cities that are home to the most billionaires after it slipped to third place last year .
In 2010 , New York remained at the top of the pile with 60 ultra-rich residents , Moscow was second with 50 billionaires and London third with 32 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About The Charlestons
Checking
In With The Charlestons will track the various adventures of three sock puppet brothers , Chester , Chuck , and Chase .
Check back daily to see what these little guys are getting into .
www.RogerWendell.com
Roger J. Wendell
Defending 3.8 Billion Years of Organic Evolution SM
México
Estados Unidos Mexicanos ( United Mexican States )
[ see more on the name at the page bottom ]
I 'll have to admit , I love Mexico !
In addition to having driven its entire length , roundtrip , I 've crossed the border dozens of times on foot and by car all along the Frontera ( Borderlands ) .
I 've also climbed some of its highest peaks and have enjoyed visits to its beaches , its pyramids , and countless stores , shops , restaurants , churches and cathedrals .
And , although I do n't speak Spanish I 've been treated very well by everyone in Mexico and even offered assistance during those times when I was stranded or needed help . *
So , my hope for Mexico is that it somehow improves the living standard for ALL its citizens so that more than just a few tourists ( like me ... ) and the upper class can really enjoy the country ...
*
Yes , like in all other parts of the world I 've run into trouble in Mexico , too .
[ Police robbed my friend Karel and I at gunpoint and
the military .
with rifles , turned us away from an ATT pay phone ( years before the internet or cellphones ... ) at Mexico City 's airport ]
Anyway , despite how much I 've enjoyed traveling through Mexico I thought I 'd update this page a bit in mid-2010 as things were getting pretty dangerous down there .
The drug " war " was heating - up with shootings , kidnappings , decapitations , and hundreds ( if not thousands ) of murders and killings .
Add to that the millions of illegal immigrants coming into my own country and what we 've now got on our hands is a North American mess .
Although Arizona started to take some action my own government , in general , almost refuses to address any of these problems .
Hopefully America can gain control of its borders ( with over 300,000,000 people already living in the U.S. we 're already overpopulated and do n't need any more immigrants of any kind - legal or not ! )
Let 's also add to this list of hopes that all the killing and poverty will come to an end inside of Mexico as well - although the Mexican government is corrupt beyond description its regular citizens deserve better ...
Prehistoric Mexico - the first Mexicans
From Lynn V. Foster's , A Brief History of Mexico , pp. 6 - 7
" The first known Mexicans were big - game hunters .
Over the millennia , the rainfalls and grassland diminished ; the hairy mammoths and giant armadillos and Ice Age horses became extinct around 5000 B.C.
Some argue that overhunting from indiscriminate mass kills contributed to their extinction .
Humans survived , but out of necessity they evolved into seminomadic hunters of deer , rabbit , and peccary ; trappers of iguanas , turtles , shellfish , and birds ; and gatherers of wild plants , roots , and seeds .
Then , around 3000 B.C. after maize ( or corn ) was domesticated in Mexico , they became farmers .
" By 2000 B.C. the first Mexicans - unlike their neighbors to the north - had become sedentary villagers , relying on cultivated crops .
As surplus crops of corn , beans , chile [ sic ] peppers , and squash produced a wealthier and more complex culture , the villagers changed from subsistence survivors to citizens of the first American civilizations .
The cultures that evolved were unique to the New World - even the basic foods were distinct from the wheat , barley , and rye of the Old World civilizations .
And these cultures were unusual in their independence from outside influence : the nearest center of Old World civilization was 7,000 miles away in China , a distance greater than from London to Beijing and made more formidable by the barrier of the sea . "
The Population Fix
( Breaking America 's Addiction to Population Growth ) , pp. 135-136
by Edward C. Hartman
" This leads me to close this section on Mexico with a thought provoking letter written by a local reader , published in my local newspaper : " ' By continuing with such a liberal acceptance of illegal immigrants , we 're really doing countries such as Mexico a disservice .
Mexico is a large country with many resources : oil , forests , agriculture , minerals , ports , tourist hot spots , and a vast labor supply .
By rights , it should be far more prosperous than it is .
Yet 40 percent to 50 percent of the population lives in poverty .
Why ?
There are only two possibilities - either Mexicans , as a people , have the ability to make their country prosperous , or they do n't .
I believe they do .
" ' I think the main reason for their failure is a lack of focus .
From the top ( the President ) on down , the focus in Mexico is on moving as many people as possible to the United States .
Instead , it should be on raising the standard of living in their own country .
By continuing to allow the high levels of illegal immigration , we impede their progress .
In other words , we need to encourage them to either sink or swim .
They can swim , but they will need to be forced to do so .
If Mexicans do n't have the ability to improve their country , then why would we want them here at all ? ' "
Karel and the Cactus In May , 1992 my friend Karel Karásek and I drove his 1972 VW bus from Denver , through the back roads of Mexico , to just inside Guatemala , and back to Denver again .
It was quite the adventure , taking over 3 weeks of nearly solid driving along 6,000 miles ( 9,600 kilometres ) of some of the roughest roads on the continent !
Anyway , I 've always loved Mexico and am grateful that I eventually had enough time to create this page - enjoy !
( Click on any of this page 's " thumbnail " images for a larger view )
It took me 13 years , almost to the day , to getting around scanning these pix for posting on the Internet .
Since so much time had passed I had forgotten many of the details .
And , sadly , Karel passed away after sustaining severe head injuries during an automobile wreck in the very same van we took through Mexico .
It was wild a driver on a dark , Denver night that got him - not the romantic encounter with spies or mountain peaks that I thought would take him from us ...
1. Yoga Center :
( May , 1992 )
Near Mexico
City we were delighted to find this Yoga Center - we were later invited in to a Hindu ceremony , near there , but had to first change into long pants after being reminded shorts were not appropriate attire for a temple ...
In 1992 the sight of a roadside memorial , for a car wreck , was very rare in the U.S.
By that time , however , they were very popular throughout Mexico so I photographed them whenever I got the chance .
photographed them .
2. Military :
( May , 1992 )
Like our own country , Mexico 's military maintains a very visible presence .
Again probably not so much to protect the country but , rather , to just keep folks like you and me in line .
It 's an an age - old problem you encounter just about anywhere you go in the world ...
3. Local tire repair :
( May , 1992 )
These shots were taken down in southern Mexico .
Apparantly the automobile wreck is on display as a public warning - I may have seen something like that during my travels to Asia although I do n't recall for sure .
I think " Tope " was a speed bump warning but I 'm not sure now either ...
4. Popocatepetl is ( was ! ) a 17,500 foot snow - covered volcano outside Mexico City back then ...
( May , 1992 )
It has since erupted and is pretty much off - limits as far as I know .
Karel and I were ill - prepared for mountain climbing and only made it to just above the 15,000 foot level .
Nevertheless , Karel was really interested in detouring to see the mountain since it plays a big role in a particular Czechoslovakian ( now the Czech and Slovak Republics ) childhood story that he grew up with as a kid in eastern Europe .
Unfortunately I do n't recall the details of the story .
Still , there were less than ten people , TOTAL , on the entire mountain that day ( including the park ranger ! ) we run into two guys from Steamboat Springs , Colorado ( my home state ) and a journalist ( who Karel had never met before ) from Czechoslovakia !!
5 . What border ?
( May , 1992 )
As you can see here , folks were walking through the fence even as tourists like us gazed on .
Although the U.S. is grossly over populated ( it 's the third most populated country in the world ) it 's obvious why Mexicans want to come here - jobs !
Hard to believe but most of the world is n't too impressed with our way of life or system of government .
What brings 'em here are jobs - and who can blame them ?
6. Ixtlan and Mazatlan - when opposites collide !
( May , 1992 )
Ixtlan , of course , is of spiritual significance for anyone familiar with Castaneda .
Mazatlan , on the other hand , is another one of those moronic resorts for the rich .
Luckily our little van allowed us to see both close up ...
7. Small towns and graveyards ...
( May , 1992 )
8 . Think globally , shop locally !
( Pemex was their national gas station ... )
( May , 1992 )
9 . Home was anywhere we could find a place to park !
( May , 1992 )
10 . La Playa ( the Beach ! )
( May , 1992 )
11 . Flag , Maps and Info :
Mexico is comprised of 31 states plus the Federal District of Mexico City ( that 's why it 's official name , in English , is " United Mexican States " ) .
Mexico is nearly three times the size of Texas and had a population , in 1992 ( at the time Karel and I drove through it ) , of about 90 million people ( Texas ' population , in 1992 , was about 18 million , when the entire U.S. was about 259 million ) .
Aztlan is the area of North America many Mexicans believe still belongs to them - it's , in part , the areas taken by the United States and also refers to the mythical place of origin of the Aztec peoples ...
12 . Karel Karásek :
At the time of our adventure Karel was 42 and I was 36 .
We had spent a lot of time together in the wilderness , including a great trip to Grand Canyon , so driving a half dozen thousand miles seemed the thing to do !
The people of Mexico , even though we did n't speak a lick of Spanish ( In college , Karel studied English and I studied Russian ) , treated us really well - it was very touching and something I always try to remember when I encounter Mexicans in my own country .
The only problems we had were with the police - they robbed us twice , at gun point , making me feel the most helpless I had ever in my life .
Maybe in fairness to the police might be that these guys were off - duty or maybe even imposters .
Hard to tell .
Luckily they only got $ 20 or $ 40 out of us each time so we were able to continue our travels without much difficulty .
13 . Other Notes :
Our travels actually took us down one coast and back up the other but did not include Baja ( having lived in southern California , for a while , I 'd seen quite a bit of Baja many times before ) .
We stopped in the town of Tequila ( state of Jalisco ) and purchased much of that famous drink to wash our vegetables in .
Although I would n't recommend this method of sanitation to anyone else , it seemed to work for Karel and I because we ate " tons " of local produce , all over Mexico , and never once got sick !
Our travels took us over " Istmo , " or the Isthmus of Tehuantepec ( the " skinny " part down south , between the Gulf of Mexico and the Bay of Campeche on the Pacific Ocean , a distance of about 125 miles or 200 km ) .
We also traveled through the southern most state , Chiapas , at a time when the indigenous peoples were preparing for civil war - a fact that was kept out of the media , at the time , so there would n't be any worries about implementing NAFTA a year and half later .
In Chiapas we attempted to spend the night on a small farm but the family was so frightened that rebels might come to kill us ( I did n't speak Spanish , or Indian , so they kept providing us with the international gesture for life 's end , i.e. , drawing a finger across their throat to suggest death ) .
I doubt the rebels being referred to had anything to do with the upcoming peasant revolt , or the Zapatista National Liberation Army - somebody , later , suggested the threat was real but probably due to bandits and others searching for some quick cash - hence we drove a few extra hours to spend a pleasant night on a safe beach ...
Spending the night on beaches , at somebody 's farm , or out in the open was the norm throughout our trip .
On the west coast we were invited to spend time on a French ranch , comprised of a few hundred hectares of tropical forest and all kinds of exotic insects and other creatures .
The ranch owner road horseback and spoke perfect English and French - saying that he avoided using Spanish unless absolutely necessary .
He said his family had a long history in Mexico so my guess is that he was probably a descendent of somebody involved in the French occupation during the 1860s - a struggle won by the Mexican people that is now celebrated as " Cinco de Mayo " ( 5th of May ) ...
Oh , somewhere in the desert , in the state of Oaxaca , we broke a " U - joint " on our VW bus .
Luckily VW , at that time , was the vehicle of choice throughout Mexico .
I hitch - hiked about 60 miles into the capital city of Oaxaca where I easily found the needed replacement part for our 20 year old van !
I think it was somewhere in the state of Tobasco , too , that we needed even more car parts ( our dashboard caught on fire , due to some loose electrical wiring , while we were attempting to cross into Guatemala ) and easily found everything we 'd ever need to keep the old VW running .
Anyway , I 'll add more travel and driving notes as I remember them and time permits ...
14 . More Recent Visits to Mexico :
( 2004 & 2007 )
Tami and I have enjoyed numerous trips through Tijuana and other border
towns over the years .
On this particular visit Brian joined us for a day in
Tijuana and Rosarito Beach .
Sad to note that I was easily able to photograph
everything while going into Mexico .
However coming back into the United States
American border guards forced me to delete the photos I had taken of the American
side of the crossing - go figure !
San Diego crossing sign ...
Roger on the border !
Tami and Brian
Tijuana , Mexico
Crossing into Mexico
Nogales :
( Spanish for " Walnut " )
In June , 2007 I was on business in Tucson and had the
pleasure of visiting Nogales again - for the first time
in at least a decade .
All of the border towns seem to
be changing / growing very fast !
Welcome to Mexico !
Street Signs
Border Shoppers
Nogales Neighborhood
Nogales Neighborhood
Legalize Here !
Nogales Shoppette
Nogales Businesses
Donkey Photos
Home Sweet Home
Alto
Border Fence
" Borders Scar the Earth "
Back to the USA !
U.S. Border Patrol
Jacumba , California :
( pronounced " ha - COOM - ba " )
In November , 2007 we took a drive along Interstate 8 and
could n't resist detouring a few miles south into Jacumba
via old Highway 80 .
Jacumba features a hot spring that
apparently attracted the Kumeyaay peoples prior to European
arrival .
The town officially sits one half mile from the
Mexican border so I had to take a look for myself !
Welcome to Jacumba !
There is no water !
Looking east
Looking west
Greetings from Mexico !
The yellow sign , in the second photo , roughly translates as : Beware !
Beware !
Do not expose their lives to the elements - ( There is no drinking water )
North America 's Largest Desert :
The Nature Conservancy , Winter 2007 , p. 49
" In the heart of North America 's largest desert lies a biological oasis - a little - known expanse of basin and range straddling both sides of the boundary between the United States and Mexico .
The Chihuahuan Desert Borderlands , as it is called , is a sparsely populated 30 - million - acre wilderness where barren lunarscapes , arid scrublands and cactus forests coexist with majestic canyons , lush grasslands and pine - oak woodlands . "
" To the abundant populations of year - round and migrating wildlife , the borderlands is a land without borders , a single ecosystems that rivals Greater Yellowstone in its biodiversity .
Hundreds of species use the borderlands as a migratory megacorridor , including monarch butterflies , black bear and more than 10 species of hummingbirds .
Populations of elk , pronghorn and desert bighorn sheep flourish as well . "
" Plant and animal life in the borderlands draws sustenance from hidden springs , exotic wetlands , high - country creeks and , most of all , from the river running through it .
The Rio Grande , as it is called by people living on its northern banks , or Río Bravo del Norte as those in the south know it , is the vital lifeline in this arid landscape , snaking through the desert for hundreds of miles . "
Ecological Wounds of North America :
from Dave Foreman 's Rewilding North America ( A Vision for
Conservation in the 21st century ) , pp. 61-62
" [ Aldo ] Leopold came to understand land health and ecological wounds from his field work with the U.S. Forest Service in New Mexico and Arizona from 1909 to 1924 and bow - hunting trips to the Sierra Madre in Chihuahua in the mid-1930s .
In 1937 , he mused , ' For it is ironical that Chihuahua , with a history and terrain so strikingly similar to southern New Mexico and Arizona , should present so lovely a picture of ecological health , whereas our own states , plastered as they are with National Forests , National Parks and all the other trappings of conservation , are so badly damaged that only tourists and others ecologically color - blind , can look upon them without a feeling of sadness and regret . "
" Far ahead of his time in his skill to wisely read the story of the land , Leopold understood that free Apaches kept settlement out of the northern Sierra Madre Occidental well into the twentieth century .
Without livestock grazing and with hearty populations of mountain lions and wolves , mountain ecosystems in Mexico were ecologically healthy , whereas similar mountain ecosystems in the United States were deeply wounded .
Unfortunately , since Leopold 's time , the mountain fastness of northern Mexico has been as carelessly wasted as the southwestern United States . "
Mexico : An Oil Nation in Crisis
Council on Hemispheric Affairs Research Memorandum - 10/22/2009
" Mexico is currently facing one of the biggest economic recessions in the country 's two hundred - year history of independence .
Some Mexican policy makers blame the economic crisis on this year 's decrease in tourism , while others attribute it to the continued dependence of the Mexican economy on the United States , pointing to its neighbor 's recession as a principal cause for the country 's woes .
Nonetheless , Mexico 's plummet in oil production and the decline in the price of oil are two main contributors to its present economic downfall .
While other countries have begun to pull out of the recession , it appears that the fall in oil production and prices have further led to an ongoing decline in Mexico 's economy , which the country 's planners are finding difficult to reverse . "
" Oil is at the heart of the Mexican economy .
Profits on its extraction are the country 's number one revenue , accounting for approximately 40 percent of Mexico 's total revenues .
Due to the decline in the price of oil that began last year with the escalation of the global recession , Mexico 's oil - dependent economy has suffered grievously .
Prior to the sag in oil prices , when other oil producing countries were taking advantage of the tremendous peak in prices , Mexico was hit particularly hard ; government officials reported that last year 's drop in oil production cost the Mexican government an estimated US $ 20 billion in lost revenues .
This year 's plunge in oil prices has resulted in oil export revenues being recorded at only $ 1.25 billion per month for the first seven months of 2009 , a fall from an average of $ 1.44 billion per month in 2008 .
The falling prices and production rate continue to damage the economy , and many blame the Mexican government for its failure to channel new investments in to various oil - producing fields , along with its mismanagement of revenues .
Mexico feels the pressure to convert its oil profits into public spending in order to generate immediate results and to keep a lid on the country 's mounting social tensions ; instead it sometimes foolishly refuses to put aside some of the profits to ensure financial stability . "
What 's in a name ?
by Rafael Romo , Senior Latin American Affairs Editor
CNN.com November 22 , 2012
" ... outgoing Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Thursday [ November 22 , 2012 ] sent to the Mexican Congress a piece of legislation to change the country 's name officially to simply Mexico . "
" Calderon , a conservative president better known for his war on drug cartels and organized crime , is literally in his last days in office .
Enrique Pena Nieto , who was elected in July , takes office on December 1 . "
" It 's still too early to know if the new Mexican Congress will quickly act on Calderon 's bill or tackle other more pressing matters like security and the economy . "
In announcing his decision to propose officially changing his country 's name , Calderon said Thursday the name Mexican United States was originally taken because back in 1824 the United States of America was an example of democracy and liberty for the new independent nations in the Americas . "
" ' It 's time that we Mexicans retake the beauty and simplicity of our motherland 's name : Mexico .
( It 's ) a name that we use when chanting or singing , a name that identifies us throughout the world and that makes us proud , ' Calderon said . " " ' Mexico ' is a word first used by the Aztecs in their original nahuatl language .
The indigenous tribe founded a city called Tenochtitlan in the valley now occupied by the modern Mexico City .
That original city was conquered by the Spanish in 1521 .
Mexico gained its independence from Spain in 1821 .
In Spanish , Mexicans pronounce the ' x ' in Mexico as a hard ' h . ' "
Links :
TAXPAYERS eligible for up to 50 per cent in tax reductions for laptops could start a mad rush for Apple 's iPad .
The iPad-mania comes as no surprise , with the Boston Consulting Group finding that nearly half of Australian consumers plan to purchase a tablet , or electronic book reader , within the next three years , The Australian reported .
According to the education tax refund guidelines , parents can receive refunds of up to $ 375 per primary school student and $ 750 per secondary school student for desktop computers and laptops , and for repair and running costs .
When it goes on sale in Australia on May 28 , the iPad will start at $ 629 for a 16GB Wi-Fi model , and $ 1049 for the 64GB 3G version .
What Apple called a " magical and revolutionary product " would be deemed a laptop , the Australian Taxation Office said .
Analysts expect parents of primary and secondary schoolchildren eligible for the ETR to use the scheme to purchase iPads .
They can also claim the cost of establishing and maintaining home internet connections as well as printers and flash drives .
Software for educational purposes is also covered in the ETR , alongside other applications such as word processors , spreadsheets , databases , internet filters and antivirus software .
Ovum Australia public sector IT research director Kevin Noonan said he expected a rush for the iPad as taxpayers took advantage of the tax concession .
" This is the best time to buy technology and the government rebate is a good proposition for taxpayers , " Mr Noonan said .
Apple in Australia began accepting orders for the iPad last Monday , and will fulfil them by the promised May 28 shipment date .
But people who submitted orders three days later received a June 7 delivery date .
" Demand for the iPad has been off the charts , " an Apple spokeswoman said .
For more IT stories visit The Australian .
Exactly a century after rumours of his death turned out to be entirely accurate , one of Mark Twain 's dying wishes is at last coming true : an extensive , outspoken and revelatory autobiography which he devoted the last decade of his life to writing is finally going to be published .
The creator of Tom Sawyer , Huckleberry Finn and some of the most frequently misquoted catchphrases in the English language left behind 5,000 unedited pages of memoirs when he died in 1910 , together with handwritten notes saying that he did not want them to hit bookshops for at least a century .
That milestone has now been reached , and in November the University of California , Berkeley , where the manuscript is in a vault , will release the first volume of Mark Twain 's autobiography .
The eventual trilogy will run to half a million words , and shed new light on the quintessentially American novelist .
Scholars are divided as to why Twain wanted the first - hand account of his life kept under wraps for so long .
Some believe it was because he wanted to talk freely about issues such as religion and politics .
Others argue that the time lag prevented him from having to worry about offending friends .
One thing 's for sure : by delaying publication , the author , who was fond of his celebrity status , has ensured that he 'll be gossiped about during the 21st century .
A section of the memoir will detail his little - known but scandalous relationship with Isabel Van Kleek Lyon , who became his secretary after the death of his wife Olivia in 1904 .
Twain was so close to Lyon that she once bought him an electric vibrating sex toy .
But she was abruptly sacked in 1909 , after the author claimed she had " hypnotised " him into giving her power of attorney over his estate .
Their ill - fated relationship will be recounted in full in a 400 - page addendum , which Twain wrote during the last year of his life .
It provides a remarkable account of how the dying novelist 's final months were overshadowed by personal upheavals .
" Most people think Mark Twain was a sort of genteel Victorian .
Well , in this document he calls her a slut and says she tried to seduce him .
It 's completely at odds with the impression most people have of him , " says the historian Laura Trombley , who this year published a book about Lyon called Mark Twain 's Other Woman .
" There is a perception that Twain spent his final years basking in the adoration of fans .
The autobiography will perhaps show that it was n't such a happy time .
He spent six months of the last year of his life writing a manuscript full of vitriol , saying things that he'd never said about anyone in print before .
It really is 400 pages of bile . "
Twain , who was born Samuel Langhorne Clemens , had made several attempts to start work on autobiography , beginning in 1870 , but only really hit his stride with the work in 1906 , when he appointed a stenographer to transcribe his dictated reminiscences .
Another potential motivation for leaving the book to be posthumously published concerns Twain 's legacy as a Great American .
Michael Shelden , who this year published Man in White , an account of Twain 's final years , says that some of his privately held views could have hurt his public image .
" He had doubts about God , and in the autobiography , he questions the imperial mission of the US in Cuba , Puerto Rico and the Philippines .
He 's also critical of [ Theodore ]
Roosevelt , and takes the view that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel .
Twain also disliked sending Christian missionaries to Africa .
He said they had enough business to be getting on with at home : with lynching going on in the South , he thought they should try to convert the heathens down there . "
In other sections of the autobiography , Twain makes cruel observations about his supposed friends , acquaintances and one of his landladies .
Parts of the book have already seen the light of day in other publications .
Small excerpts were run by US magazines before Twain 's death ( since he needed the money ) .
His estate has allowed parts of it to be adapted for publication in three previous books described as " autobiographies " .
However , Robert Hirst , who is leading the team at Berkeley editing the complete text , says that more than half of it has still never appeared in print .
Only academics , biographers , and members of the public prepared to travel to the university 's Bancroft research library have previously been able to read it in full .
" When people ask me ' did Mark Twain really mean it to take 100 years for this to come out ' , I say 'he was certainly a man who knew how to make people want to buy a book ' , " Dr Hirst said .
November 's publication is authorised by his estate , which in the absence of surviving descendants ( a daughter , Clara , died in 1962 , and a granddaughter Nina committed suicide in 1966 ) funds museums and libraries that preserve his legacy .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia said on Wednesday it may lift the veil of secrecy over its nuclear arsenal after a new strategic arms reduction treaty with the United States comes into force .
Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev ( C ) and Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov ( L ) visit a missile base in Teikovo in Ivanovo region , May 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / RIA Novosti/ Kremlin/ Vladimir Rodionov / Pool
In an attempt to bolster U.S. President Barack Obama ’s non-proliferation efforts , the United States on May 3 dispensed with decades of Cold War secrecy and published the size of its U.S. nuclear weapons stockpile .
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Andrei Nesterenko praised the U.S. step and said Russia would consider doing the same after the ratification of the nuclear arms deal signed by Obama and Kremlin chief Dmitry Medvedev last month .
Russia and the United States hold more than 95 percent of the world ’s nuclear weapons , enough to destroy the planet many times over , after first developing the weapons in top secret programs in the 1940s .
“ After the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , which was signed by the Russian and U.S. presidents in Prague on April 8 , comes into force , we will likewise be able to consider disclosing the total number of Russia ’s deployed strategic delivery vehicles and the warheads they can carry , ” he said .
If Russia follows suit , the world ’s two biggest nuclear powers would come a step closer to much deeper cuts of thousands of non-deployed atomic weapons .
It could also raise the pressure on other nuclear powers -- such as China , Pakistan , India and Israel -- to disclose their nuclear capabilities , analysts said .
“ This figure is one of the crown jewels of the Cold War when it comes to state secrets , ” said Hans Kristensen , director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists in New York .
Nuclear weapons numbers were some of the most closely guarded secrets of the Cold War and spies on both sides expended vast amounts of energy trying to steal the figures or at least estimate the true strength of each others ’ arsenal .
NUCLEAR POWERS
Obama has put nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation at the heart of his effort to “ reset ” ties with Russia , signing the landmark arms reduction deal last month with Medvedev and reviving a major civilian nuclear agreement .
Medvedev has praised Obama ’s vision of a nuclear - free world as “ beautiful and right , ” though he has also said Russia will continue to develop new nuclear weapons and has called on other nuclear powers -- and those seeking to become nuclear powers -- to commit to cutting arsenals .
The Pentagon on May 3 said the United States had a total of 5,113 warheads in its nuclear stockpile at the end of September , down 84 percent from a peak of 31,225 in 1967 .
The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists estimates Russia has a total inventory of about 12,000 nuclear warheads , including 4,600 deployed nuclear weapons and another 7,300 nuclear weapons in reserve or awaiting dismantlement .
Kristensen , who helped come up with the estimate for Russian weapons numbers , said that a Russian disclosure would put “ serious pressure on the other smaller nuclear weapons states . ”
“ China has given some very vague references to their size but nothing with numbers yet .
India and Pakistan have been absolutely quiet and so has Israel , ” he said .
U.S. soldiers and Afghan police early Saturday swarmed a dense Taliban stronghold of mud-brick homes on the western shoulder of Kandahar , conducting searches and promising aid in a preview of a planned summer campaign to control the insurgent movement ’s spiritual home .
Operation Kokaran was named for the neighborhood where the Taliban have assassinated government officials and built infiltration routes .
The U.S. goal is to clear out insurgents , build up local governance and bring in reconstruction projects .
Only a few shots were fired during the most comprehensive military - civilian operation in Kandahar since President Obama in December ordered 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
It is the first time civilian aid and reconstruction teams have taken part in conceiving and planning a military clearing operation here , U.S. officials said .
Hours later , insurgents launched a rocket , mortar and ground attack on the main base used by foreign troops , at Kandahar ’s air field a few miles east of Kokaran .
Explosions wounded several troops and civilian workers , said Capt .
Scott Costen , a North Atlantic Treaty Organization spokesman at the base .
Costen said he could not provide details on the attack , the number of wounded or any insurgent casualties .
But the attack seemed similar to an insurgent assault Wednesday on the sprawling U.S. base at Bagram , north of Kabul .
In Kandahar , more than 200 U.S. military police and infantry troops backed 200 to 250 Afghan police officers in door - to - door searches that began before dawn in the tight warren of residential compounds in the city ’s District 8 , which is home to about 75,000 people and includes Kokaran .
U.S. commanders say the Taliban exercises more autonomy in the district than anywhere else in the city .
Previous sweeps failed to dislodge insurgents because there were n’t enough troops and little aid to elicit local support .
This time , U.S. and Afghan commanders promised enough military muscle and development aid to make a difference .
“ The key to making it stick is the governance portion , showing the locals that what they saw today is here to stay , ” said Army Capt .
Michael Thurman , commander of the 293rd Military Police Company , who led the ground operation along with an Afghan police chief .
“ It ’s a long process , and today was only the start . ”
Insurgents , alerted by chugging armored vehicles and the thump of helicopters , disappeared or blended into the population .
The only shots fired were at four men fleeing across a field .
In an area infested with roadside bombs , there were no explosions .
The only casualty was a U.S. soldier whose hand was crushed by an armored vehicle ’s heavy door .
No American soldiers entered homes .
Afghan female police officers , their faces covered by scarves , searched compounds .
Male police questioned residents , confiscating guns from several men who failed to produce permits .
A development team invited elders to a shura , or meeting , on Monday to discuss aid projects and security .
They will be asked about community needs “ so that we do n’t dictate to them what they get , ” a Canadian civil affairs officer said .
The lieutenant identified himself only by his first name , Alex , for security reasons .
Residents of Kokaran and much of the rest of the district have few modern facilities .
Raw sewage and garbage flow through open channels carved into rutted dirt pathways .
Though it is part of Kandahar city , the area is largely rural , dotted with pomegranate and apricot groves , and surrounded by small plots of wheat , corn and tomatoes .
The Taliban operates a shadow government and court system .
There is little police or official government presence , other than patrols and checkpoints , which were to be bolstered beginning with Saturday ’s operation .
With a buildup of troops and civilian aid and reconstruction specialists , the United States and its allies are attempting to wrest control of Kandahar from the Taliban this year , before American forces begin a gradual withdrawal in summer 2011 .
A U.S. government official called Saturday ’s operation “ an early snapshot ” of the broader effort here , code - named Operation Hamkari , or Cooperation .
Kandahar is the spiritual home of the Taliban , a largely Pashtun movement that governed Afghanistan until the U.S. - led invasion in 2001 .
The U.S. strategy is based on the “ clear , hold and build ” model first used by American forces in Iraq and most recently in the Afghan city of Marja , in Helmand province , west of Kandahar .
U.S. troops in February largely cleared Marja of insurgents after heavy fighting .
But they have struggled to keep the Taliban from reestablishing control , and a functioning local government has not emerged .
After Marja , top U.S. commanders outlined a similar citywide military operation this summer for Kandahar , a much bigger area .
But they have since backtracked , and now describe a series of military - civil operations to clear Kandahar and environs in stages .
One resident of District 8 , Haji Feda , said Saturday that people were pleased that the Americans did n’t disturb them .
“ We told them if we see anyone doing something wrong , we have elders and provincial members .
We will call them and tell them . ”
Lt. Col. David Chase , who commands the U.S. battalion that mounted the operation , said several residents asked whether it was “ the start of the big Kandahar offense . ”
“ I told them there is no big offensive , ” Chase said .
“ It ’s getting governance to the people ; that ’s the only offensive . ”
Operation Kokaran got off to a muddled start when the Kandahar provincial security chief , Col. Fazal Ahmad Shirzad , showed up half an hour late and differed with Thurman on how to deploy their forces .
“ We have different ways of doing things , and it can get frustrating , ” Thurman said diplomatically .
His counterpart laughed and called it a misunderstanding .
Shirzad , a squat man with a clipped black mustache , gave orders on the fly , forcing Thurman to adapt quickly .
Shirzad twice slapped a young man found with a gun permit signed by a Taliban commander , raising a scarlet welt on the suspect ’s cheek .
The chief spoke more of security than governance , saying the operation was intended “ to strike at the Taliban , to show them the police and the coalition are strong . ”
He said several police checkpoints installed Saturday , along with beefed - up patrols , would help stem Taliban infiltration .
Chase said security has to be established before governance can expand , and before residents are willing to confront insurgents and their expansive shadow governments .
The district sits below a gap between two mountain ranges at the southern end of the Arghandab River Valley .
Insurgents have long pumped fighters , weapons and bomb - making materials from Helmand through the valley and into Kandahar .
One district official appointed by the Afghan government has been assassinated by the Taliban .
Two have been kidnapped , and two more intimidated into leaving office .
Only four of the district ’s 15 government - appointed officials are effective , U.S. officials said .
No one expects residents to turn in their Taliban brothers , cousins and friends , one American government official said .
But they will be asked to persuade insurgents to lay down weapons or leave the neighborhood to help them secure Western aid .
“ We ’re basically saying , if you help us maintain security , you ’ll get the reconstruction you want , ” Thurman said .
“ Easier said than done . ”
david.zucchino@latimes.com
Guardians of the Free Republics and Its Aftermath
Darcy McGuire restored and archived this website for use as required reading for her course Crimes Against The State .
Ms. McGuire has been published in numerous national media outlets and her book The Silent Con was awarded the Aware Prize for innovative investigative journalism .
She recently published a revealing post on con man George Binakis and his very effective scam posing as a legitimate NYC contractor offering to renovate luxury NYC apartments .
In one egregious case , George defrauded a 72 year old woman of $ 65,000 after gaining her trust and sympathy - he had told her he suffered from a severe heart condition requiring a pacemaker and contant medical monitoring .
He was so successful in his con that when he vanished with her money her first thought was that he had died or had succumbed to a debilitating illness .
Ms. McGuire makes the argument that crimes against the state are no different than petty crimes in many respects and lays out in detail why this is true .
Students can download her complete syllabus from the university website 's legal area .
FBI Issues Warning About Threat From Yet Another Anti-Government Group With Ties To The Radical Right LEE FANG APR 2 , 2010 / THINK PROGRESS
The Associated Press reports that the FBI has issued an intelligence note warning police that an anti-government group ’s call to remove dozens of sitting governors may encourage others to act out violently .
The group , “ Guardians of the Free Republics , ” wants to “ restore America ” by dismantling parts of the government , according to its website .
Governors receiving the threats include Bobby Jindal ( R- LA ) , Jim Doyle ( D - WI ) , Chet Culver ( D - IA ) , Jim Gibbons ( R- NV ) , among others .
While much of the rhetoric from the group resembles the style of patriot extremist organizations , their concerns seem to stem directly from economic anxiety .
The group ’s broadcasting affiliate , Republic Broadcasting Network , advertises survival kits , gold buying guides , and other hallmarks of a movement in America which believes that the country is heading towards economic collapse .
The website also promotes tea party protests , calls for revolution , videos from Glenn Beck , and sympathetic articles about recent right - wing domestic terrorist activities , like the suicide attack on an IRS building in Austin earlier this year .
Guardians of the Free Republics ’ call to dismantle the government has gained traction on right - wing tea party websites .
The groups ’ proclamation is posted on ResistNet , the popular tea party forum , as well as Tree of Liberty , a tea party forum known to have been frequented by users which supported Hutaree , the Christian militia recently arrested in Michigan
+++
For several years this was the Guardians of the Free Republics 's website .
In 2011 this website was taken down .
The new owner of the domain has chosen to restore some of the site 's 2010 original content , and as well as add other pertinent press releases and Wikipedia information of what happened to certain people associated with the Guardians of the Free Republics .
The new owner of the domain does not condone or agree with the Guardians of the Free Republics goals , but wishes instead to show this website 's content as a footnote in the history of the antigovernment “ sovereign citizens ” movement .
Aftermath en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guardians_of_the_Free_Republics
In March 2011 , an " elder " of the Guardians of the Free Republics organization named Samuel Lynn Davis pleaded guilty to 31 counts of money laundering in Federal district court in Nevada .
Davis was snared in a sting operation after he agreed to launder more than $ 1.29 million in what he believed to be illicit funds .
Davis accepted $ 73,782 in fees to launder the money , not realizing he was dealing with Federal law enforcement agents .
In October 2011 , Davis was sentenced to four years and nine months in Federal prison , and was ordered to pay over $ 95,000 in restitution .
As of late July 2012 , Davis had been classified as a fugitive , having failed to surrender to authorities to begin his prison sentence in June 2012 .
On August 7 , 2012 , Davis was arrested by sheriff 's deputies in White Earth , North Dakota .
Davis is incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution - La Tuna in Anthony , Texas , near El Paso , and is scheduled for release on April 24 , 2017 On September 18 , 2012 , James Timothy ( " Tim " )
Turner , one of the individuals involved in sending the letters to the state governors , was arrested after having been indicted by a federal grand jury in Alabama on one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States under 18 U.S.C. § 371 by , among other things , filing a false 300 million dollar bond in an attempt to pay taxes , one count of passing a false 300 million dollar bond , five additional counts of violations of section 514 ( a ) ( 2 ) of title 18 of the U.S. Code ( relating to fictitious documents ) , one count of filing false Form 1096 reports with the Internal Revenue Service , one count of willful failure to file a federal income tax return , and one count of giving false testimony in a federal bankruptcy proceeding .
On March 22 , 2013 , Turner was found guilty on all charges .
On July 31 , 2013 , he was sentenced to 18 years in Federal prison .
On December 29 , 2012 , " Dr. Sam Kennedy , " whose real name is Glenn Richard Unger , was arrested after having been indicted on one count of attempting to interfere with the administration of the internal revenue laws under Internal Revenue Code section 7212 ( a ) , four counts of filing false claims for tax refunds under 18 USC section 287 , one count of tax evasion under Internal Revenue Code section 7201 , and one count of uttering a fictitious obligation under 18 USC section 514 ( a ) ( 2 ) .
He was charged with filing more than $ 36 million in fraudulent federal income tax refund claims .
On January 2 , 2013 , a federal prosecutor asserted in a court hearing for Unger that Unger was a danger to the community and that Unger had stated that he would rather die than become subject to the government .
The indictment alleged , among other things , that in June 2011 Unger submitted false documents with the Clerk 's Office of Saratoga County , New York , in an attempt to release a $ 116,410.43 federal tax lien against him , for taxes and penalties for years 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation began looking at Unger ( alias " Sam Kennedy " ) in the spring of 2010 , after the incident involving the letters sent to the state governors .
Prosecutors also charged that Unger filed no valid federal income tax returns between 1999 and 2005 .
On May 23 , 2013 , the court ordered a mental competency hearing for Unger after he referred to himself as being " deceased .
"
On August 7 , 2013 , the Court ruled that Unger was competent to stand trial .
After a four - day trial Unger was found guilty of all charges by a jury in Federal court in Albany , New York , on October 21 , 2013 .
On April 21 , 2014 , Unger was sentenced to eight years in Federal prison .
+++
The Restore America Plan is a bold achievable strategy for behind - the - scenes peaceful reconstruction of the de jure institutions of government without controversy , violence or civil war .
After consultation with high ranking members of the United States armed forces , the Plan is in the process of assembling the Guardians of the Free Republics and reinhabiting the De jure Grand Juries .
Replace corporate government and restore the American republic
… by March 31 ?
The Guardians of the Free Republics
and the fifty American
De jure Grand Juries
invite you to join our ranks and finally solve your problems .
If you are tired of being subjected to a corporation posing as a legitimate government that would arrest you for refusing to pray to corporate courts or give up your land or pay taxes to the Rothschilds or exhibit a state - issued confession of subject - class citizenship , then we invite you to take a moment to read the one page
The unanimous Declaration of the sovereign People of the united States of America
to restore and reinhabit the free American republics
attached hereto .
This is YOUR chance to finally end the economic seige , the foreclosures , tax and criminal cases which lack an injured party , the assaults and terror under color of law by lawfully , expediently and peacefully restoring the de jure ( original ) institutions of the fifty state republics and the United States of America .
And yes …all to be accomplished by
March 31 , 2010 .
After a year of face - to - face negotiations with high - ranking members of the armed forces of the united States of America , the leaders of the freedom movement have joined together to bring you a four step comprehensive remedy — the Restore America Plan — whereby the military has agreed to follow the orders of the legitimate de jure government upon proper restoration and execution .
To be clear , this is not a typical patriot “ remedy . ”
The four step Restore America Plan was proposed by high - ranking members of the military who are tired of taking orders from a corporate CEO , and who recognize the People as the last chance to avoid a third world war .
In fulfilling the call to action , the Guardian Elders who wrote the Declaration and designed the implementation plan are prepared , with your assistance , to
restore the one true sovereign authority on the land
once and for all , as the only lawful government of the United States of America in truth and in the eyes of the military commanders .
As you will see when you read the one page Declaration and the Warrants and
Orders attached thereto , the remedy is already won , even before it begins .
By its very nature , the mere act of re-inhabiting the de jure institutions of law creates the victory we have all been seeking .
Actors throughout the United States Federal Corporation understand they must ultimately defer to the de jure authority .
The remedy is self - actualizing .
JOINING THE GUARDIANS
If you elect to join the Guardians of the Free Republics , you will be part of the lawful solution instead of a perpetual victim .
Your future and the future of your children will finally be in your hands .
There will be no more excuses or anyone else to blame .
The future will be yours to create .
By joining , you agree to take a covenant of office and occupy the office of juror of the De jure Grand Juries which are instantly assembled under the Creator in each of the fifty ( 50 ) free republics for the purpose of reinhabiting the de jure institutions of lawful government , eliminating de facto institutions , and peacefully restoring the People ’s wealth .
Indeed , the power will rest with you .
You will also be taking a covenant to join the Guardians of the Free Republics , the well - regulated volunteer defenders of the free Republics and the unanimous Declaration ( see below ) .
THE RESTORE AMERICA PLAN
Have you ever wondered why every attempt to restore the American republic has failed miserably ?
Could it be that attempting to change the minds of a population that has suffered four generations of cultural amnesia is doomed to fail , and worse , likely to incite violence against you ?
But have you ever wondered how the bankers were able to replace de jure government around the world in 1933 without a hint of protest ?
How they stole our law and our money with little or no resistance ?
Clearly , their strategy of back room politics was brilliant , if sinister , allowing them to rewrite the rules without even token resistance .
Well is n’t it time to apply the same principles to salvaging the Law from wickedness ?
The Restore America Plan is a war college restoration strategy for regaining control quietly , efficiently and quickly without provoking controversy , ridicule , violence or civil war .
In fact , the need for expediency eliminates any thought of making public proclamations .
Restoration will occur behind the scenes in a manner designed to get results , not glory .
We will NOT utter public statements which make us feel good but provoke ridicule and conflict .
We will NOT attempt to re-educate an unconscious population that was raised on corporate slavery .
If you become a Guardian , you will be agreeing to avoid such public proclamations .
You will be required to divest ego and desire in favor of committing yourself to a strategy of reconciliation that places the Guardians in charge of the institutions that were once the source of persecution .
As you will see by the Warrants and Orders , the De jure Grand Juries will work behind the scenes , methodically dismantling the satanic institutions and rituals of 1933 and 1865 .
For example , instead of marching grand juries patriot - style into local courtrooms to dismiss cases ( and scare the locals to death ) , district judges who have been reabsorbed into the district court of the United States will issue a simple writ of mandamus terminating the local prosecution expediently .
In this way , the events of 1933 will be reversed as they were instituted , by controlling the institutions of power behind the scenes .
Would n’t you like to be in control for a change ?
Notwithstanding , the grand juries are not waiving such direct authority if it ever proves necessary .
And in the event the process should ever fall under public scrutiny , the unanimous Declaration was written to be a shining beacon of reason , history and forgiveness .
It even looks like , sounds like , and cites the original Declaration of Independence as its authority so that condemnation of the Restoration is also condemnation of the original Revolution .
The Restore America Plan is protected by the very Declaration of Independence upon which it was modeled .
The Restore America Plan is designed to turn back the clock and remove the corporate state from the lives of the sovereign People , while most of the population continues to go about their business unaware and unafraid .
Please do not attempt to join our ranks if your intentions differ even slightly with this approach .
If you seek glory or retribution , the Restore America Plan is not for you .
ABSOLUTION
To preserve spiritual purity , the Restore America Plan features forgiveness .
At its core , it is peaceful and non-violent .
Having so ensured our dominion over all the earth , actors who repent their crimes against mankind will be forgiven .
With forgiveness as our hallmark , we do not waive our legitimate and necessary right as lawful authority to arrest , try and sentence those incorrigibles who use de facto power to impair de jure authority , or otherwise attempt to hijack the lawful de jure office .
And we will use the very public institutions that once prosecuted us to execute those orders as needed .
ORDERS TO THE GOVERNORS AND THE MILITARY
The Declaration is a mere one page , and has been written to stand alone among history ’s milestones .
It is followed by Warrants and Orders of the De jure Grand Juries , each meticulously planned to solve your problems and issues ( travel , diplomatic status , foreclosure , taxes , unlawful prosecutions ) through cooperation rather than resistance .
We are mindful that initiating a financial crisis , violence , or banker ’s retaliation could be fatal to the cause .
So every step has been debated and crafted with outcome in mind .
ADDITIONAL PHASES
Phase 2 is waiting in the wings .
Shortly after the Declaration is presented , the De jure Grand Juries will re-absorb USDC , the Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court into their de facto counterparts , the
district court of the United States
circuit court of the United States
one supreme Court of the United States
In subsequent phases , we will also be :
- globally re-absorbing the corporate institutions into the de jure venue
- re-absorbing de facto policy enforcement officers into the People ’s service , in particular the U.S. Marshals Service
- restoring the People ’s wealth without triggering economic catastrophe .
THE POWER AND DUTIES OF THE DE JURE GRAND JURIES
As mentioned , re-inhabitation is self - actualizing .
If needed , the De jure Grand Juries , as the one lawful authority on the land , operating IN the republics , protected by the Constitution for the United States of America , c. 1787 , will commandeer those de facto institutions which fail to obey our lawful orders , remove corporate imposters , and lawfully appoint marshals to serve the district court of the United States and the De jure Grand Juries .
Interestingly , Section 27 of the Judiciary Act of 1789 ( http://www.constitution.org/uslaw/judiciary_1789.htm) does not provide for U.S. Marshals nor specify who is to appoint the district court marshals that are created by the Act .
Members of the Guardians of the Free Republics may also be called upon from time to time to appear in sufficient numbers professionally to emphasize our authority as the supreme lawful de jure institutions on the land .
It is inherent upon the sovereign People to finally accept responsibility to ensure the posterity .
HOW TO JOIN
Joining is simple .
Please :
1. Read the Declaration , Warrants , Orders to the Governors and General Orders to the military to better understand your obligations and commitment .
2. Consider this decision prayerfully .
Do not consider joining if you are not prepared to fulfill the obligations of your offices , and stand in appropriate numbers when called upon .
3 . Take the Covenant of office in front of a regional or state coordinators .
4. Subscribe two original copies of the covenant of office document with your signature and seal ( red right thumb print ) .
5 . Affix your signature to five ( 5 ) separate signature pages in blue ink only .
The authors functioning as Guardian Elders will be compiling these pages into four original documents ( and one backup ) , and certifying the signatures with our own .
6 . Thereafter , keep your phone and email address active , and remain on alert .
Whether you decide to join the Guardians and right the evils all around us , or simply observe , the Guardian Elders thank you for your interest in the Restore America Plan and wish you the Lord ’s blessings and abundance .
IMMEDIATE GOALS OF THE RESTORE AMERICA PLAN
Ending foreclosure and bank collection actions immediately ( our first and seventh directives )
Ending tax prosecutions immediately ( second and sixth directives )
Ending invasions , prosecutions and detentions for fictitious crimes against the state that lack an injured party other than insurrection , treason and frauds against the United States ( third and eighth directives )
Ending molestation on the byways ( fourth and ninth directives )
Production of sovereign identification and passports that do not proclaim subject - class citizenship ( fourth and ninth directives )
Restoration of the trappings of proper de jure governance ( fifth and tenth directives )
Restoration of the common law of the Land ( third and eighth directives )
reigning in of the admiralty color - of - law venue to the high seas ( third and eighth directives )
reigning in of the admiralty color - of - law venue to the high seas ( third and eighth directives )
Restoration of the proper de jure judicial institutions such as the district court of the United States and the one supreme Court as constructed and restrained in the Constitution for the United States of America , c. 1787 ( Phase 2 , thirteenth through fifteenth directives )
Re-absorption of the de facto judicial aberrations such as USDC into the de jure institutions ( Phase 2 , thirteenth through fifteenth directives )
a PERMANENT TERMINATION OF TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT
OUTSIDE CONSTITUTIONAL
LIMITATIONS
beginning with voiding of the Downes v. Bidwell monstrosity ( Phase 2 , eighteenth directive )
a PERMANENT TERMINATION OF TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT
OUTSIDE CONSTITUTIONAL
LIMITATIONS
beginning with voiding of the Downes v. Bidwell monstrosity ( Phase 2 , eighteenth directive ) Arrest and shackling of the District Court of the District of Columbia ( Phase 2 , sixteenth directive )
Recognition of sovereign status in the police databanks of the land ( fourth and ninth directives ) and a lawful and orderly removal of the corporate state as the ruler of every aspect of your life .
And we will accomplish all of that – with your help – BEHIND THE SCENES , lawfully , peacefully , without violence and without risking civil war .
Phase 2 : RESTORATION OF THE PEOPLE’S COMMON LAW OF THE LAND
With restoration of the de jure judicial institutions in Phase 2 , we are also enacting the : Bill of Rights of Law to prevent once and for all the “ legal ” franchise perversions of law into at - law , territorial , admiralty / military aberrations .
There will be no such entity as a non-Article III court , even when administering the admiralty law venue for genuine issues of the high seas and international commerce .
The Bill of Rights of Law has been authored to address the perversions of law through statutes , Rules of Evidence , and Rules of Civil Procedure which have hijacked the law of the Land for the bar associations and converted the common law grand juries into prosecutorial kingdoms and slandered them as “ runaway juries ” instead of the fourth branch of government historically charged with OVERSEEING GOVERNMENT and PROTECTING AGAINST TYRANNY BY GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS .
LAW ENFORCEMENT
Even the insidious law enforcement agencies that have become interwoven in the tiniest issues of our lives will see the benefits of a return to the land where they can once again devote their skills to enforcing law , forever spared the risks of acting as agents for tyranny and the tragedies of assaulting the women and children of the sovereign People , their own mothers , sisters , daughters and granddaughters .
RATIONALE
For those who are concerned about opening the door to satanic forces , permit me to reassure you .
The Guardian Elders deliberated with great sobriety the wisdom of sitting on our hands while the march to World War III continues .
We asked ourselves if we could continue , in good conscience , to do nothing while so many of our friends and colleagues are suffering hardship .
We asked ourselves if we are enjoined by the Book of Revelation from acting on behalf of freedom and mankind .
After much prayer and soul - searching , we concluded unanimously that the need for action was self - evident .
We are called to action .
We debated how best to accomplish our goals .
Could we reasonably expect to restore Biblical law to a devoutly secular population that cherishes television , promiscuity , physical debasement and electronic devices with religious fervor , and that suffers the warped belief that advertisements for personal hygiene products and Viagra in our homes does not debase our children ?
Could we re-educate millions of Americans who have been programmed to believe that the ban against government interference in matters of worship somehow excludes piety in government ?
Could we convey consciousness regarding matters of Law to a society that breaths “ Cops ” and “ Law & Order ” and worships the bar associations “ legal ” system franchise where once the law of the Land reigned supreme ?
Eventually we concluded that “ agreeing with thine enemy ” was the ONLY prayerful way to bring the Lord to the people .
The Restore America Plan capitalizes on THEIR belief system as a vehicle for relieving corporate tyranny .
In due time , the higher goal of salvaging the souls of mankind can be addressed .
The one common belief that ties the American population together is faith in the Constitution .
Many Americans are willing to fight and die in its defense even as they blindly trade notes of debt issued by a foreign bank .
We decided that restoring , in principle , the Constitutional institutions through December 19 , 1860 was the approach MOST LIKELY TO SUCCEED ( and that 's the bottom line , failure being unacceptable ) .
We rejected restoration to 1933 , the Articles of Confederation or ancient times as being insufficient ( 1933 ) or unworkable , at least in terms of achieving our goals rather than proclaiming our patriot knowledge of history .
Of course we recognize that the Constitution was the method for imposing on the States the obligations rejected by the colonies to pay the Revolutionary War debts to the Bank of England .
Notwithstanding , we can relieve the suffering of the sovereign People by agreeing with those who choose to glorify a man-made document .
And finally , we constructed “ The unanimous Declaration of the sovereign People of the united States of America to restore and reinhabit the free American Republics ” to be a shining covenant with the Creator .
His charging the People with dominion over all the earth in the Book of Genesis is declared in the very first paragraph as the foundation for the restoration .
In so doing , the Declaration is established in history as a genuine covenant with the Creator in honor of the Law .
Thus , once the process was grounded in the original law venue , the need to introduce the ethereal concepts of counties , districts and “ tens ” was circumvented , all of those entities being derived from Scripture .
Why introduce concepts that are likely to generate resistance ?
At every step , The Restore America Plan is mindful of our goals .
Is our goal to relieve oppression or re-educate America to patriot doctrine ?
WE HAVE THE HIGHEST REGARD FOR THOSE OF YOU TRYING TO CARVE OUT SUCH LIVES ON THE county , but we believe that most patriots will be well served by a simultaneous restoration of their sovereign rights rather than fighting the battles town by town , county by county , and state by state .
And so we welcome each and every one of you to join us
EVEN WHOLE ASSEMBLIES AND JURIES .
We also believe that if the American Founders had email , Twitter , texting , video conferencing and fax machines , they would have used them to approve the founding documents in weeks rather than years .
So we are not addicted to scribes and other signs of deference to the methods of others .
Rather , we follow a simple formula :
WE DECLARE – UNDER GOD – IT IS SO – WE ARE BACK
exactly the same formula used by the original declaration of 1776 .
That ’s what we mean by “ understanding who we are .
You Are Not Alone
To my friends , colleagues and the many thousands who have contacted the Guardian Elders by email and telephone :
YOU ARE NOT ALONE .
Today I have the pleasure of reporting that thousands upon thousands of you have already joined the march to freedom by expressing your support for The Restore American Plan .
Moreover , the United States Federal Corporation is well aware .
A number of my sources have confirmed their heightened state of attention to the freedom march that has swept across the land since Sunday night ’s broadcast of TAKE NO PRISONERS clogged internet communications .
That broadcast was akin to the battle of Bunker Hill in 1776 .
We lost the network for a few days , but everyone knows we 're back .
They understand the power AND AUTHORITY of the sovereign People when we choose , en masse , to reject the admiralty / territorial D.C. circuit for the Law of the Land .
They understand that the only element that can prevent the reinhabitation of the de jure free American republics is fractionalization , ego , fatigue or selfishness .
Those are the corporations best friends when confronted with truth .
So we remain vigilant against the evil of our own imaginations , egos , anger and pessimism .
With thousands of you consumed with vision and hope , most of those who have contacted us thus far WILL NOT NEED TO TAKE FURTHER ACTION AT THIS TIME .
You can literally sit back and await the changes that are coming , and be ready if we should contact you .
There is NO need to resend your email .
NO need for further education , information and training .
NO need for seminars .
NO need to study DVDs .
NO need for assemblies to engage U.S. Inc. in thousands of separate battles .
NO need to sit by the phone hoping for scraps from the table .
Better to enjoy your families and engage in prayerful contemplation of the future .
Yes , some among you will bemoan the loss of the enslavement privileges , the loss of day to day control , even the loss of WHFITs !?
But perhaps this is a good time to open the heart to the beauty of a reversal of the double - dealings of 1933 and the Warburg brothers , and NOT having to spend every waking moment in contemplation of battle with U.S. Inc .
The changes WILL be forthcoming as described .
There is only the need to enjoy the fruits of your own labor as de jure governance is re-inhabited by the very same officials in many cases who are now your oppressors .
Just as judges and politicians accepted the elimination of law , money and morality in 1933 without a hint of public protest , we expect the reversal will be equally as quiet , and significant with respect to our daily lives .
The Restore America Plan is the strategic mechanism for restoring the lawful institutions of earthly government across the land lawfully , peacefully and honorably , in a manner that reflects the desire of the sovereign People to be governed by consent , according to contract , and without hypothecation of their God - given labor to money vultures , war profiteers and the world 's secret banking cartels .
On behalf of the Guardian Elders , I thank you for reading , and ask if you would kindly circulate this email far and wide .
Folks , the time for remedy is now .
God bless ,
Sam Kennedy
______________
Dr. Sam Kennedy
Host : TAKE NO PRISONERS
Republic Broadcasting network
The Save America Crusade
FOR ENTERTAINMENT
PURPOSES ONLY - NOT LEGAL ADVICE .
PLEASE BE CAUTIOUS .
MOST PROBLEMS ARE SELF - CREATED .
James Timothy Turner www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/individual/james-timothy-turner
https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/intelligence-report/2013/end-times
2013
The antigovernment “ sovereign citizens ” movement is chock - full of homemade prophets and half - baked historians who traffic in alleged theories about conspiracies against the Constitution .
And then there ’s James Timothy Turner .
The future of the ‘ sovereign ’ Republic for the united States of America is in doubt following the indictment of its leader
The nation 's largest and most organized antigovernment “ sovereign citizens ” group — one that claimed to be forming a government - in - waiting to take over America when the current , “ unlawfully established ” federal government crumbles — is now in danger of falling apart as its enigmatic leader sits in jail awaiting trial on tax fraud charges .
It has been two years since James Timothy Turner , a former commercial fisherman who lives in rural south Alabama , founded and became president of the group he called the Republic for the united States of America ( RuSA ) .
Turner told supporters he was backed by well - placed officials in the military and the CIA , as well as foreign investors who were willing to prop up his shadow government .
But Turner ’s supposed support apparently did n’t include the U.S. Justice Department or the Internal Revenue Service .
On Sept. 12 , a federal grand jury indicted him on 10 counts of tax fraud .
According to federal prosecutors , in the years before Turner started RuSA in 2010 , he had brazenly tried to pay his taxes with a fictitious $ 300 million bond , then helped others do the same with similar bogus securities .
He was arrested a day after the indictment and was denied bail after a judge deemed him a flight risk .
What is clear , though , is that federal law enforcement agencies have trained their sights on RuSA , the most prominent organization in a fast - growing sector of the radical right that has been characterized by the FBI as a “ domestic terrorist ” movement .
Though the group ’s underlying premise — that it is forming a government to supplant what it considers an illegal “ corporation ” now running the country — suggests treasonous intent , there have been no politically motivated acts of violence linked to RuSA .
And the group ’s website states that it plans a “ peaceful reconstruction ” of the government “ without controversy , violence or civil war . ”
However , a number of its members have been charged with the kind of tax and financial crimes common among adherents of the sovereign citizens movement .
In addition , one member in Arizona was killed in an altercation with police who responded to a domestic dispute and another in West Virginia died in a suspected murder - suicide in which his 9 - year - old son was shot to death .
Now , sources within the FBI have told the Intelligence Report that RuSA engineered the 2010 disappearance of fugitives John and Julieanne Dimitrion , a wealthy couple in Hawaii who pleaded guilty to mortgage fraud but were spirited away aboard a private jet three days before they were to be sentenced ( see story , p. 14 ) .
The Dimitrions are now on the FBI ’s “ Most Wanted List . ”
Though RuSA has previously reached moments when dissolution seemed all but certain , the tumult brought on by Turner ’s arrest and the increasing law enforcement scrutiny has undoubtedly created its biggest crisis yet .
Has the end finally come ?
And if so , will its members simply form another , perhaps more militant group ?
“ We as a Republic look very , very , very bad with our president sitting in jail , ” RuSA spokesman Kelby Smith , one of Turner ’s most vocal supporters , told followers during a conference call last October .
“ Either the president gets out of jail , or the Republic is going to be split . ”
A Republic Divided
If the wild stories Turner told his followers were true , his arrest and incarceration should have been a mere hiccup for one of the most influential and colorful sovereign citizens in the movement , whose adherents generally believe they are immune to most tax and criminal laws .
According to the mythology he peddled to his troops , there was n’t a court in the land he did n’t hold the keys to , not a debt he could n’t avoid .
He boasted that he once escaped federal assassins sent to kill him and even that he cured leukemia .
He was , at least in his own mind , untouchable .
Now , some of his supporters regard Turner as a “ political prisoner . ”
“ What they ’re trying to do is instill fear and discouragement into the people of the Republic — because those are really the only weapons they have , ” James Geiger , who assumed the mantle of acting president , told RuSA members on a conference call .
He was sure that it was only a matter of time before Turner would be free .
Turner ’s followers put together plans to raise $ 5 million for a legal defense , only to abandon the effort a month later after collecting just $ 100 .
Infighting ensued as RuSA struggled to plan an election to find a successor , and soon members began fleeing the group .
Those who made their resignation public used the same bombast with which they had joined .
One member in South Carolina , for instance , wrote : “ Let it be known to all human beings of real flesh and blood , that the undersigned , flesh and blood man ” does “ dissociate from all actions and decisions made by … pseudo executive members and representatives of the ‘ Republic for the united States of America . ’”
The crisis grew as the departures reached into the upper echelons of the group ’s leadership .
C.W. Wright , Turner ’s vice president , stopped reporting for RuSA conference calls and appears to have left the movement .
Faced with cries that he was a “ dictator ” for trying to organize elections to find Turner ’s successor , Mark Lounsbury , RuSA ’s “ speaker of the house , ” also left .
Some believed that federal agents had infiltrated the group , and Nathan Peachy , RuSA ’s “ chief justice , ” began calling for a mass exodus .
“ I believe it is in the best interest of the people to free themselves of the Republic , ” Peachy said .
From his jail cell , though , Turner refused to accept the mounting consequences of his arrest and dismissed the federal charges against him as “ saber rattling . ”
He encouraged followers to “ cowboy up . ” On Oct. 15 , in a handwritten letter penned from his cell , Turner announced he would seek to be re-elected so that he could lead RuSA from jail .
In the meantime , he beseeched followers to pray “ that God will crumble the foundations and break the power and strength ” of the federal government .
“ I am praying daily that God will cut off all financial , military , political and spiritual support for the municipal corporate government in Washington , D.C. , ” he wrote .
In Every War , a Casualty
At the core of RuSA ’s ideology is the belief that the federal government is an illegal “ corporation ” formed in 1871 when Congress passed a law establishing a single municipal government for the District of Columbia .
This corporation , working in the service of international bankers , has stolen the wealth and property of its citizens — its “ economic slaves ” — to use as collateral against the federal debt , RuSA says .
In RuSA , many in the antigovernment “ Patriot ” movement felt they had found a final solution to what they regard as an overreaching federal government .
This new government would , for example , end “ tax prosecutions for resisting the transfer of private wealth to such as I.R.S. ” and stop “ the use of covert contracts such as Form 1040 , car registrations , birth certificate applications , and bank signature cards . ”
Now , as RuSA ’s true believers stare at the possibility that their cause is lost and that their president faces a lengthy prison term if convicted , there is reason to worry .
Some sovereign citizens in the past have reacted with violence when confronted by law enforcement and — some might say — reality .
Jerry and Joe Kane , a father - son team of sovereigns , killed two police officers during a traffic stop in West Memphis , Ark. , in 2010 .
And in August 2012 , men believed to be sovereigns were arrested after they allegedly ambushed and killed two officers and wounded two more in LaPlace , La. RuSA has , itself , attracted members with a propensity for violence .
Last year , William Foust , a prominent businessman in Page , Ariz . , and a RuSA “ ambassador , ” was shot and killed by a police officer responding to a domestic violence complaint when Foust lunged for an officer ’s Taser .
Within the echo chamber of the sovereign underground , Foust was the first victim in the coming confrontation with Washington .
Similar suspicions of government involvement were aroused among RuSA members when David Hutzler , a one - time RuSA “ congressman , ” was found dead with his 9 - year - old son in the burned remains of a trailer home in Glengary , W.Va .
Both had been shot in the head , and police found accelerants used to start the fire .
Hutzler had been unhappy about RuSA ’s lack of action against the government .
Just days before his death , he posted a rant on a popular antigovernment Web forum in which he said it would n’t be long before liberty - loving citizens had no choice but insurrection .
As outlandish as his views and pronouncements appear , Turner has been the one who has kept RuSA members from acting on their rage against the government as their rhetoric has turned increasingly confrontational .
After Foust was killed , for example , he spent weeks trying to pacify angry RuSA members and quell suggestions of revenge .
But when he was arrested , even he showed signs of a shift .
Sheriff ’s deputies working with U.S. marshals in Dale County , Ala. , were concerned that if Turner knew what was coming , there was a possibility of violence .
So Turner was summoned to the Dale County Sheriff ’s Department on the pretense of discussing a matter concerning RuSA , only to be surprised by deputies who read him his Miranda rights .
After his arrest , Turner told the officers something that may spell out just how RuSA has come to see its relationship to the federal government .
“ In every war , there has to be a casualty , ” Turner said , according to several present in the room .
“ And if I have to be a casualty , so be it . ”
GuardiansOfTheFreeRepublics.com
APRIL 27 -- A man who wrapped his head in toilet paper was caught on surveillance video as he calmly pulled off the knifepoint robbery of a Nebraska convenience store Saturday night .
The video shows the unknown robber walking up to Kabredlo's , a Lincoln store , as a clerk was smoking outside .
After accompanying the employee back inside , the suspect flashed a knife " and demanded money from the safe , " according to investigators .
The clerk complied , emptying the safe and a cash register into a bag held by the robber , who police described as a white male , 25 to 33 years old , with " blue eyes and a skinny face . "
At one point , when a woman approached the store , the concealed robber locked the front door and " shook his head no , " cops reported .
The woman left and called 911 .
After officers responded to the scene , a police dog followed the suspect 's scent for a couple of block -- locating " some toilet paper on the ground " along the way - - before the track went cold .
The suspect 's toilet paper coverup has , so far , served its purpose .
" With that disguise , there is n't much to go on , " a Lincoln Police Department spokesperson told TSG .
( 1 page )
MAKEUP !
Other creative disguises used during the commission of crimes can be found here , here , here , and here .
This is wicked pissah !
Feel the pride !
Back in January , as " Jersey Shore " was wrapping up its first season , Jessica Grose wrote a wonderful " modest proposal " goof in Slate for a show called " Massholes " ( see the piece here ) .
The cast members would need to have a " nearly carnal love for the Red Sox , Patriots , Celtics , and Bruins , " as well as an affection for aggressive driving and beer binges .
Now , according to Gawker , which cites Blackbook , a casting call for a real reality show called " Massholes " will be posted today at Doron Ofir Casting , the company that has been involved with " Jersey Shore , " " Design Star , " and " Wife Swap . "
Here 's the " Massholes " call as reprinted in Gawker :
You come from all over - Gloucester , Worcester , South End , Charlestown , Chicopee and South Swansea .
You share a love for muscle cahs , hair products and little necks on the frickin half shell .
You do n't take [ crap ] from nobody - least of all each othah .
You are the hottest girls and proudly buff guys from Massa - freakin - chusettes who believe in God , Family , The Red Sox and partying !!
You ready to live togethah , laugh togethah , drink togethah and love togethah ?
You 'll pahty on the beaches of the Cape where Roast Beef Hoagies and cases of Narragansett Light are on every Celtics towel next to a bottle of baby oil and a can of hair spray !
Are you down for one wicked cool summah , and be a part of the most wicked reality show evah !
Doron Ofir Casting is looking for blue collar , hard working , harder partying , tough talking , damn good looking Mass natives from all over the state ....
Yea we 'll consider preps from Wellsley [ sic ] too if they got what it takes .
Get Ready for the the summer of your life on the show that will knock the sox off the Red Sox , blow canons from Lexington to Cornwall and make you wish you remembered where you pahked your frickin cah cause that clunker is in Jersey !
So Massachusetts finally makes it .
Come on and embrace the stereotypes !
We have n't been this big since " Saturday Night Live " did the Boston teens sketches , with Rachel Dratch and Jimmy Fallon as Denise and Sully .
The lawyers for Lance Armstrong 's Radio Shack racing team have posted a response to Floyd Landis ' accusations that the seven - time Tour de France champion used performance - enhancing drugs .
They also have posted a series of what they say are e-mails from Landis to various officials .
Those do n't appear to have any overwhelming news , but you can judge for yourself by clicking here .
The attorneys ' statement essentially accuses Landis of attempting to blackmail Armstrong .
It says , in part :
" Wednesday evening , after not getting what he demanded when no one in cycling capitulated to his numerous but persistent false threats , demands and rants , Floyd Landis publicly aired the false and incredible concoctions he has been privately making for years . "
It adds that :
" In leveling these false and baseless accusations , Landis provided selected emails to multiple journalists in connection with his public statements on Wednesday evening .
What was not conveyed were descriptions of the threatening text messages from Landis to others , including Lance Armstrong , that began more than two years ago .
Mr. Armstrong and others , then , as he has now , told Landis he had nothing to hide and that he was not going to submit to Landis ' baseless threats to ' disclose ' falsehoods .
Lance never has and never will give anyone money , or anything else , to keep them from airing falsehoods . "
-- Tom Weir
About
Facebook is a great service .
I have a profile , and so does nearly everyone I know under the age of 60 .
However , Facebook has n't always managed its users ' data well .
In the beginning , it restricted the visibility of a user 's personal information to just their friends and their " network " ( college or school ) .
Over the past couple of years , the default privacy settings for a Facebook user 's personal information have become more and more permissive .
They 've also changed how your personal information is classified several times , sometimes in a manner that has been confusing for their users .
This has largely been part of Facebook 's effort to correlate , publish , and monetize their social graph : a massive database of entities and links that covers everything from where you live to the movies you like and the people you trust .
This blog post by Kurt Opsahl at the the EFF gives a brief timeline of Facebook 's Terms of Service changes through April of 2010 .
It 's a great overview , but I was a little disappointed it was n't an actual timeline : hence my initial inspiration for this infographic .
Let me be clear about something : I like Facebook .
It 's helped me reconnect with dozens of people with whom I 'd lost touch , and I admire the work their team does .
I hope your takeaway from this infographic is n't " I 'm deleting my account " ; rather , I hope it 's " I 'm checking my privacy settings right now , and changing them to a level with which I 'm comfortable " .
Data
The data for this chart was derived from my interpretation of the Facebook Terms of Service over the years , along with my personal memories of the default privacy settings for different classes of personal data .
The population sizes are statistics from Google , the Facebook Data Team , and wild guesses based on what seemed reasonable to me .
I welcome data corrections , so please leave a comment below if you have better numbers to share .
Types of Personal Data
Facebook 's classification system for personal data has changed significantly over the years .
I tried to capture what I thought were broad topics that have remained relatively consistent .
But they might need some explanation .
Likes : a person , band , movie , web page , or any other entity represented in Facebook 's social graph that has a " like " button .
" Likes " started with status updates , but have now grown to encompass pretty much everything .
In Facebook Newspeak , they 're a " Connection " .
: a person , band , movie , web page , or any other entity represented in Facebook 's social graph that has a " like " button .
" Likes " started with status updates , but have now grown to encompass pretty much everything .
In Facebook Newspeak , they 're a " Connection " .
Name , Picture , Gender , Birthday , Contact Info : self - explanatory
: self - explanatory Extended Profile Data :
Your family members , city , place of birth , religious views , favorite authors , schools attended -- anything that is an entity you can list a relationship to in your profile .
: Your family members , city , place of birth , religious views , favorite authors , schools attended -- anything that is an entity you can list a relationship to in your profile .
Friends :
The people you 've friended
: The people you 've friended Networks :
The personal networks you 've set up on Facebook ( e.g. colleges & universities or companies ) .
: The personal networks you 've set up on Facebook ( e.g. colleges & universities or companies ) .
Wall posts & Photos : Self - explanatory .
Audiences
Audience sizes are based on averages , interpolations of those averages across time , and guesses from my personal experience where that data was unavailable .
One thing you may notice is that by 2009 , the term " Network " for the inner circle is replaced by " FoF " , or " Friends of Friends " .
Facebook introduced this in 2008 to cater to users whose networks were too large to be manageable .
My guess is that this effectively shrank the potential number of people who could see this particular kind of data .
I ballparked an estimate for the average size of this extended friend network by taking the average number of friends a user had in 2009 ( 130 ) and assuming there was on average a 2 / 3rds overlap with each of their friends , yielding an average of 8450 people .
Implementation
The audience scale is logarithmic , so that we can compare audience sizes of 100 and 1 billion .
I also did a big no - no and mapped the audience size to the length of the slice , not its area .
I do n't feel too terrible about this , because the area comparison is already distorted by the log scale .
Plus , frankly , the linear scale just looks better .
I built this sketch using Processing .js .
You 're welcome to download the source .
Sorry , no Internet Explorer .
About me
My name 's Matt McKeon .
I 'm a developer with the Visual Communication Lab at IBM Research 's Center for Social Software .
The views expressed here are my own , and do not reflect those of IBM .
You can find me on Twitter and ( hah ) Facebook .
How Long Will the Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill Last ?
It 's not just a matter of stopping the spill , it 's also a matter of where the oil ends up
Britain's new ( and unprecedented ) coalition government has promised a set of sweeping , immediate pro-liberty changes including a reduction in the use of CCTV surveillance , an end to the national ID card programme , reform libel law , end pointless data- retention and a commit to using free / open source software in large government IT projects .
* We will scrap the ID card scheme , the National Identity register and the ContactPoint database , and halt the next generation of biometric passports .
* We will outlaw the fingerprinting of children at school without parental permission .
* We will adopt the protections of the Scottish model for the DNA database .
* We will review libel laws to protect freedom of speech .
* We will further regulate CCTV .
* We will end the storage of internet and e-mail records without good reason .
* We will create a level playing field for open - source software and will enable large ICT projects to be split into smaller components .
* We will create a new " right to data " so that government - held datasets can be requested and used by the public , and then published on a regular basis .
* We will introduce measures to ensure the rapid roll - out of superfast broadband across the country .
We will ensure that BT and other infrastructure providers allow the use of their assets to deliver such broadband , and we will seek to introduce superfast broadband in remote areas at the same time as in more populated areas .
If necessary , we will consider using the part of the TV license fee that is supporting the digital switchover to fund broadband in areas that the market alone will not reach .
Good afternoon everybody : Somebody else was supposed to be writing this report but they 've cried off sick , so I 'm stepping up to the plate .
Apologies in advance if my knowledge of the Japan national football team is n't all it should be .
Team news from the news wires : David James is handed his first England start for 13 months in England 's final World Cup warm - up international with Japan in Graz .
The Portsmouth goalkeeper last featured in Fabio Capello 's starting 11 for the World Cup qualifier with Ukraine at Wembley in April 2009 .
His only action for his country since then was when he replaced the red-carded Robert Green in the return meeting with Ukraine in Dnipro in October .
James and three Chelsea players - Ashley Cole , Frank Lampard and John Terry - return after being rested for the win over Mexico after their involvement in the FA Cup final .
Tom Huddlestone , as confirmed yesterday by England coach Fabio Capello , is given his first start in a bid to make a late claim to be part of the final squad of 23 for South Africa .
The Tottenham midfielder had previously been used as a substitute against Brazil in Doha and against Mexico .
England : David James , Glen Johnson , Ashley Cole , Tom Huddlestone , Rio Ferdinand , John Terry , Theo Walcott , Frank Lampard , Darren Bent , Wayne Rooney , Aaron Lennon .
Japan : Seigo Narazaki , Atsuto Uchida , Yuji Nakazawa , Tulio Tanake , Yuto Nagatomo , Junichi Inamoto , Makoto Hasebe , Shunsuke Nakamura , Keisuke Honda , Daisuke Matsui , Shinji Okazaki .
A hastily researched / plagiarised " bit " about England 's opponents : Japan are in Group E at the World Cup , where they 'll play the Netherlands , Denmark and Cameroon .
They qualified for South Africa 2010 with a 1 - 0 win over the mighty Uzbekistan last June .
Eight of their starting line - up ply their trade in the J - League , with Makoto Hasebe ( Wolfsburg ) , Daisuke Matsui ( Grenoble ) and Keisuke Honda ( CSKA Moscow ) being the three who take foreign coin .
English and Scottish readers will of course be familiar with Junichi Inamoto ( ex - Arsenal , Fulham , West Brom and Cardiff ) and Shunsuke Nakamura ( ex - Celtic ) .
Not long now :
The teams emerge from the tunnel in the APC Arena in Graz , with England wearing red shirts and socks , with white shorts ; Japan 's are kitted out in all blue .
1 min : Japan kick off , playing from left to right .
According to Fabio Capello , there are three places in his 23 - man squad up for grabs today , so peripheral players like Darren Bent , Tom Huddlestone and Aaron Lennon will be very eager to impress .
2 min :
On the edge of the final third , Darren Bent leaps highest to flick a long ball from Tom Huddlestone into the path of Wayne Rooney , galloping through the centre .
He 's forced right and wide and instead of trying a shot from a narrow angle , he squares the ball for ... nobody .
Seigo Narazaki in the Japan goal gets an early touch .
4 min : Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I think this is the first time Lennon and Theo Walcott have lined up in the same England team .
With Tom Huddlestone quarter - backing the ball out to such pacey wingers , Darren Bent and Wayne Rooney could fill their boots this afternoon .
5 min : " So considering Ireland probably are n't going to make this World Cup who will you be supporting ? " asks Gerry Scott .
" And who will your money be on ? "
Probably are n't going to make it ?
You sound cautiously optimistic that they might still have a chance .
God bless your optimism .
Should Ireland fail in their efforts to make it to South Africa , I 'll be supporting Diego Maradona 's comedy Argentina outfit .
My money - all £ 15 of it - is on Germany at 16 - 1 .
It 's a bet I placed with little confidence , but I thought it was a good price .
GOAL !
England 0 - 1 Japan ( Tulio 7 ) How do you like them apples , eh ?
England 's defneders decide to take an afternoon nap during a corner and are punished by Japan 's centre - back Tulio Tanaka .
The ball was pulled back low and hard to Tanaka by Yasuhito Endo .
The centre - half had stolen a march on Glen Johnson and swept a low drive in at the near post with a first - time effort from 15 yards .
Capello will be furious with that slack marking .
To make matters worse , Ashley Cole was standing on the post , presumably to assure himself of a good view of the ball as it fizzed past him on its way in .
9 min : England are all over the place here - a byword for haplessness .
Okazaki evades John Terry and sends a curler high and wide of David James 's right upright .
11 min : Glen Johnson is having a shocker here .
Under no pressure whatsoever , he attempts to ping a cross - field pass to John Terry , but ends up shanking the ball into Row Z .
14 min : Japan attack again , with full - back Yuto Nagatomo galloping up the left flank .
Johnson intervenes , conceding a throw - in .
15 min : Japan win a corner , this time from the left .
It 's whipped in to the near post , ricochets off a defender and bounces across the penalty area .
With assorted England defenders waiting for somebody else to deal with it , Tulio Tanaka pounces and tries another shot , which is cannons off Rio Ferdinand .
17 min : Tom Huddlestone is penalised for a foul on Okazaki , who goes down injured .
The ball 's kicked out of play to allow the physio on to treat him .
He 'll live .
18 min : Aaron Lennon misses a great opportunity to draw England level after being put clean through on goal by a marvellous weighted pass from Wayne Rooney .
England 's three - pronged attack converged on the Japan back four , with Rooney in the centre .
He waited and waited before threading a pass to Lennon between full - back and central defender .
The Spurs winger shot straight at the goalkeeper .
21 min : England win a free - kick on the right flank , which Frank Lampard swings into the miser .
The ball takes a deflection off a Japanese head and goes out for a corner , which is wasted .
23 min : England were dismal in the first half of their recent friendly against Mexico , but are even worse here .
This performance is truly shocking .
Sloppy passing , terrible defending and a prevailing air of lethargy ... they 're unlikely to get away with this kind of nonsense in South Africa .
25 min : England win a free - kick about 40 yards from the Japanese goal and Japanese goalkeeper Seigo Narazaki does n't bother organising a wall .
Frank Lampard tries his luck and the goalkeeper spills the ball into the path of one of his own defenders , who puts it out for a corner .
27 min : From the corner , Frank Lampard flashes the corner across the edge of the penalty area , where Darren Bent had shaken off his marker and jumped highest .
His bullet - header is well off course and sails off in the direction of the corner flag .
28 min : England win a free - kick in the left channel , about 30 yards from the Japan goal .
This time Narazaki assembles a wall , which does its job well .
29 min : Playing alone up front , Japan striker Okazaki is giving John Terry and Rio Ferdinand plenty to think about .
He 's making plenty of well timed , mazy , jinking runs in his efforts to latch on to the long raking passes being sent his way from midfield .
30 min : From just inside his own half , Rio Ferdinand plays a long , 45 - yard pass into the Japan penalty area .
Goalscorer Tanaka heads the ball straight up in the air , prompting his goalkeeper and Darren Bent to contest the dropping ball .
Bent wins the header bravely , but can't steer his effort on target .
Wide .
33 min : With Theo Walcott patrolling the right wing and Aaron Lennon on the left , you 'd have expected a lot more from England than they 're showing here .
They 've improved a bit in the last 10 minutes , but the manner in which they 're wasting possession is pitiable .
Even Rooney 's caught the bug - pinging a pass intended for Tom Huddlestone straight to the feet of Yuto Nagatomo .
35 min : Matt Stratford has mailed to let me know I 've been doing Japan goalkeeper Seigo Narazaki an injustice - he's not playing because his understudy is being given a run out .
" The Japan keeper is Kawashima , not Narazaki ( who was in goal against Korea last week though ) , " writes Matt .
Apologies for the error - the team - sheet I purloined from a rival website appears to be wrong .
38 min : Rooney 's playing in a withdrawn role in behind Darren Bent this afternoon , a position in which you might expect him to thrive .
But with the exception of his marvellous pass to Lennon earlier , he 's not been playing at all well .
39 min : Just to prove me wrong , Rooney performs yogic heroics in an attempt to divert a wayward Tom Huddlestone shot from distance into the Japan goal .
The ball flashes wide of the left upright .
40 min : Japan win a free - kick on the left flank , which Tanaka fizzes across the face of goal .
The unmarked Okazaki arrives too late to poke the ball home and it sails wide .
Observer columnist David James admonishes his sleepy defenders with a loud " For fuck 's sake ! ! ! "
42 min : I hope Observer columnist David James does n't kiss his mum with that potty mouth .
43 min : Theo Walcott springs to life , turning left - back Yuto Nagatomo inside out before drilling a low , hard cross a little too close to Mr Kawashima in the Japan goal .
Half - time : After a pitiful first half effort , England 's players traipse off for a well - earned rollocking from their manager .
Not a single one of them can claim to have played well against a Japan side that is hard - working and well organised , but nothing special .
Half - time analysis : " Worst three players of the first half ? " writes Kevin Hunter .
" My choice , in reverse order , would be Ashley Cole , Theo Walcott and Glenn Johnson .
Special mention to Huddlestone and Bent - on another day they'd have done enough to make the list . "
I could n't disagree with much of that , although I think you 're being a bit harsh on Bent , as he has n't had much service and has at least been trying .
I 'm going to nominate John Barnes , because I 've just him reprising his World In Motion rap in the shameful new Mars advert .
Judging by the gut on him , I 'd say he got paid in Mars bars .
Where 's the dignity ?
Carl Smith writes : " The current US edition of Esquire described the England team as ' stoic and fatalistic to the point of self defeat ' .
I would describe them as spoilt and flattered to the point of self delusion .
The well - rehearsed post - match ' we can play much better ' argument is wearing a bit thin . "
" I watched Japan get absolutely dominated by a well - organised South Korea side on Monday night , " writes Matt Stratford .
" The commentators were trashing the lot of them for appearing not to care .
The England boys must have thought this would have been a walk in the park . "
Interestingly , Japan were 15 - 1 to win this match - a ludicrous price fuelled by ignorance , stupidity and jingoism , I suspect .
Second half : Mass England substitutions : Joe Hart , Jamie Carragher , Joe Cole , Shaun Wright - Phillips , Steven Gerrard on , David James , Glen Johnson , Tom Huddlestone , Theo Walcott and Darren Bent off .
46 min : I think England are lining up for the second half with Aaron Lennon on the right wing , Shaun Wright - Phillips on the left and Joe Cole playing in behind Wayne Rooney .
Gerrard 's slotted in to the centre of midfield in place of Huddlestone and Joe Hart - unsurprisingly - has gone in goal .
48 min : Steven Gerrard brings a smart save out of Kawashima with a long - range rasper .
49 min : " Will an unfavourable result against plucky little Japan shock people into realising they 've all been duped by all those ' Maybe , just maybe ' adverts ? " asks Taylor Hanton , before answering his own question .
" Maybe , just maybe .
But probably not . "
50 min : Japan win a free - kick just inside the England half , for some misdemeanaour on the part of Frank Lampard .
51 min : Keisukle Honda brings an excellent fingertip save out of Joe Hart with a fizzing drive from distance , which the goalkeeper is forced to tip over the crossbar .
The goalkeeper gets no credit for his excellent save , as the referee signals for a goal - kick .
Do n't worry , Joe .
I saw it , even if Fabio Capello and the ref did n't .
53 min : England corner , which Steven Gerrard whips in to the near post .
Joe Cole tries to get the flick on , but is outmuscled by two defenders .
55 min : Frank Lampard wins a free - kick for England on the edge of the penalty area on the left - hand side .
He takes it himself and shoots the ball into the wall , where Honda - he has a great engine - blocks it with a raised arm .
That 's a penalty for England .
55 min : LAMPARD MISSES FROM THE SPOT !
For the second time in a row , Lampard misses from 12 yards .
He tried to place the ball in the bottom left - hand corner , but Japan goalkeeper Kawashima guessed correctly and saved well .
I suppose if Lampard wanted to put a positive spin on things , he could argue that it's an improvement on his recent FA Cup final effort against Portsmouth , which he put wide .
59 min : " The John Barnes advert was bad , yes , but what about the utterly surreal Ladbrokes ad with Ian Wright - Wright - Wright and Chris Kamara cavorting around in what appears to be make - up copied from A Clockwork Orange ? " asks Rachel Clifton .
" I 'm still reeling . "
I missed that one , Rachel , I 'm pleased to say .
60 min : Steven Gerrard sends Wayne Rooney on his way with a well - timed defence - splitting through - ball .
The linesman flags , incorrectly , for offside .
61 min :
There 's a bit of a lull , after an entertaining screaming match between the two managers on the touchline .
Fabio Capello took exception to one of the Japan players going down as if he'd just been shot after getting a bit of a hand - off in the face from Jamie Carragher .
64 min : Wayne Rooney has a pop from 25 yards , the ball bounces in front of Kawashima in the Japan goal , but he saves well .
65 min : There 's a pause while John Terry receives treatment after picking up a knock .
" He 's not a man who goes down easily , " says ITV commentator Clive Tyldesley , who clearly does n't read the tabloids .
66 min : Japan substitute striker Morimoto , who has just replaced Okazaki , brings a marvellous save out of Joe Hart after more slapstick defending .
England failed to clear a ball that dropped into their penalty area , allowing Moramoto all the time and space he needed to control the ball , turn and shoot from 15 yards .
Hart 's reflex save was excellent .
68 min : More great goalkeeping , this time from Kawashima .
Wayne Rooney looked to have levelled the score with a speculative curler from distance that was heading straight for the top right - hand corner until the Japan keeper clawed it away with the fingertips of his right hand .
69 min : Japan have just brought on another substitute - Matsui - who I had down as part of their original starting line - up .
My preperation for this match was shabby , to say the least , even by my own low standards .
Again , my apologies .
GOAL !
England 1 - 1 Japan ( Tanaka og 71 ) Tulio Tanaka scores his second of the match - steering a Joe Cole cross from the right past his own goalkeeper with an unstoppable diving header .
That 's two belters he 's scored now .
76 min : Apologies for the delay in bringing you news of that goal - I 'd typed a large tract of flowery , descriptive text which vanished into thin air when I tried to launch it on the interweb .
76 min : Aaron Lennon makes way for Emile Heskey and England switch to 4 - 4 - 2 , with Joe Cole moving across to the right .
Due in no small part to Cole 's contribution since coming on at half - time , England have been vastly improved in this second half .
I think leaving him at home would be a huge mistake on the part of Fabio Capello .
80 min : Emile Heskey wins a free - kick wide on the right , deep in Japan territory .
Gerrard curls the ball across the face of the penalty area and Japan clear .
81 min : Good play by England , who go close to taking the lead .
Gerrard cut in along the edge of the penalty area , gave to Rooney and darted forward to pick up the return pass .
He attempt to bring the ball around Kawashima , but the goalkeeper got down to smother it at his feet .
GOAL !
England 2 - 1 Japan ( Nakazawa og 82 )
That 's just comical - I thought Tanaka had got his hat - trick there , but it was his fellow centre - half Yuji Nakazawa who sliced the cross past the unfortunate Kawashima this time , with Ashley Cole providing the assist .
86 min :
There 's a thunder storm raging over the stadium in Graz at the moment and the rain is bucketing down .
The pitch is getting very slippery as a result and assorted players are having difficulty staying on their feet .
88 min : Japan win a free - kick about 35 yards from the England goal , which Honda sends motoring over the bar .
89 min :
That 's a sensational miss from Emile Heskey , who somehow contrives not to score from two yards out , with the ball hovering in front of his face practically imploring him to head it past Kawashima .
The Aston Villa striker closed his eyes , swung his head and managed to make no contact with it whatsoever .
I am honestly not exaggerating when I say that I would have been gutted not to have scored having been presented with an opportunity that gilt - edged .
Heskey was unmarked , the goal was gaping and the cross was inch- perfect from Steven Gerrard .
90+1 min : Seriously .
What is Emile Heskey for ?
90+3 min : Steven Gerrard seems to have picked up a knock and is hobbling around gingerly .
As England have used all 45 of their substitutes , he can't be replaced , but it does n't matter because the referee is going to blow for full time any second now .
Full time : Peep !
Peep !
Peep !
It 's all over .
Despite not scoring any goals , England pull off a fairly unconvincing 2 - 1 win over game Japan .
Their first half performance was dreadful , but they made some effort to redeem themselves in the second period .
Eye - catchers ?
Wayne Rooney , Joe Cole and Joe Hart , who looks very assured in goal despite his international inexperience and should - in my humble opinion - be England 's No1 .
Post - match analysis : " OG had a great season with Manchester United and is continuing his form at international level I see , " writes Lila Proof .
" I freely admit to not being a tactical genius in the mould of a Mourinho or Guardiola , " writes Tim Travers .
" But might England 's plan ' B ' of giving the ball to the opposition and hoping they score for them seem a bit flawed ? "
" I had a bet going with a Japanese friend here who was unusually unpatriotic , in that every Japanese goal meant a free beer for me , " writes Humphry in Tokyo .
" Help me persuade him that those last two count . "
" That was kamikaze defending by the Japanese , " writes Christopher Faulkner .
How the devil did I not think of that ?
Viswanathan
Anand ’s underdog victory is worthy of being made into a movie as the parallels between Anand ’s success and the cinematic classic Rocky IV are uncanny , writes Ian Rogers from Sofia .
India ’s Viswanathan
Anand has retained his world title in Sofia after a marathon match and a surprise final game win .
Anand beat local hero Veselin Topalov in the twelfth and final game to eke out a 6.5 - 5.5 win , an unlikely result in a match where he was outranked and often outplayed .
Anand ’s underdog victory is worthy of being made into a movie , although perhaps it already has been ; the parallels between Anand ’s success and the cinematic classic Rocky IV are uncanny :
Over - the - hill champion takes on a seemingly invincible Eastern European automaton .
Veteran is dead on his feet when , with a series of big hits , he turns the match around and wins the world title .
Exhausted winner lectures the watching Politburo on the need for world peace .
OK , Anand missed emulating Stallone on the last point but the Tiger from Madras did praise the organisers , admitting also that he was as tired as he looked :
“ This was by far the most intense match I have ever played .
When I woke up this morning I thought that this could be the saddest day of my life or the happiest ( or we could have been going to the rapid playoffs ) .
I have almost no experience in a World Championship match where every result is possible on the final game .
[ Do n’t get me wrong ] , but I was not unhappy that it would be over soon . ”
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
The final game was typical of the two players ’ styles , Anand prepared to develop quietly while Topalov went looking for adventure .
For a few moves Topalov ’s pieces were left offside and Anand lashed out , sacrificing material to get to the Topalov king .
The sacrifices should never have been accepted but Topalov let down his guard and Anand crashed through to a decisive victory , the only win by a player with the black pieces during the entire match .
“ My first emotion is mainly relief , ” admitted “ Vishy ” Anand .
“ My opponent is a fantastic fighter and had the advantage in most of our games .
Either of us could have won this match ; in fact no one would have been surprised had either of us won . ”
Topalov congratulated Anand — and even spoke to him for the first time since the match began , trying to identify where he had gone wrong .
A few minutes later at the post - match press conference Topalov looked vaguely stunned , as did the dozens of local journalists and cameramen .
Topalov identified poor finishing as the weakness which had cost him dearly ; that , plus an amazing claim , in all seriousness that he had tried to avoid the playoffs because they were to be played on May 13 — and he had lost the world title after similar rapid playoffs in 2006 , also on the 13th of the month .
To avoid playing on the 13th , Topalov had gambled and lost the world title .
So , amazingly enough , the key to the match turned out to be Vishy Anand ’s nightmare journey to Sofia through volcano ravaged Europe .
Anand was granted a single day ’s delay for his troubles , but that was enough to push the tiebreakers from the 12th to the 13th .
Anand will keep the world title until London 2012 when it is quite likely he will be forced to defend the crown against a player half his age — Norway ’s Magnus Carlsen , already the youngest world number one in history .
Anand and Carlsen have previously worked together but now master and student may become mortal enemies .
Hang on – is n’t that exactly the plot of Rocky V ?
World Championship 2010 Game 12
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5URbl3tNyo[/youtube]
White : V.Topalov
Black : V.Anand
Opening : Queen ’s Gambit Declined 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 Nf6 4.Nc3 Be7 5.Bg5 h6 6.Bh4 0-0 7.e3 Ne4 !?
Another new opening path by Anand .
“ Veselin stuck to his guns in this match so I was forced to bounce around with my openings in the second half of the match , ” admitted Anand .
8 . Bxe7 Qxe7 9.Rc1 c6 10 . Be2 Nxc3 11.Rxc3 dxc4 12.Bxc4 Nd7 13.0-0 b6 14.Bd3 c5 15 . Be4 Rb8 16.Qc2 Nf6 !?
Anand agrees to accept pawn weaknesses in return for active play ; a risky strategy if Topalov can consolidate .
17.dxc5 Nxe4 18 . Qxe4 bxc5 19.Qc2 Bb7 20 . Nd2 Rfd8 21.f3 Ba6 22.Rf2
Anand later pinpointed this awkward move as the start of Topalov ’s downhill slide .
22…Rd7 23.g3 Rbd8 24.Kg2 Bd3 25.Qc1 Ba6
A tacit offer to repeat moves and return for the playoffs on Thursday .
Topalov will have none of it .
26 .Ra3 ?!
“ I refrained from repeating moves because I was afraid of playing the rapid tiebreakers ; I had lost such tiebreakers in [ 2006 ] , also on the 13th of the month , ”
said Topalov .
“ This was my mistake . ” 26 … Bb7 27.Nb3 Rc7 28.Na5 Ba8 29.Nc4 e5 30.e4 f5 ! 31.exf5
“ I was crazy to take this pawn — I missed 34 … Qe8 ! , ” Topalov said to Anand after the game .
After 31 .Nd2 !
White would have had every reason to expect to hold the position .
31…e4 ! 32.fxe4 ? Qxe4 + 33 .Kh3 Rd4 34.Ne3 Qe8 !
35.g4 h5 ! 36 .Kh4 g5 + !
Clearing the seventh rank to allow the last Black rook to enter the attack .
37.fxg6 Qxg6 38.Qf1 !
The only chance , but Anand takes his time and finds a clear win .
38 … Rxg4 + 39 .Kh3 Re7 ! 40 .Rf8 + “ I nearly had a heart attack when I saw 40 …. Kh7 41 .Rh8 +!
but fortunately I am still winning , ” said Anand .
40 … Kg7 41.Nf5 + Kh7 !
42.Rg3 Rxg3 + 43.hxg3 Qg4 + 44.Kh2 Re2 + 45.Kg1 Rg2 + 46.Qxg2 Bxg2 47.Kxg2
Unfortunately for Topalov , the forcing 47.Rf7 + Kg6 !
48.Rg7 + Kxf5 49 .Rxg4 hxg4 !
50 . Kxg2 Ke4 51Kf2 Kd3 !
leads to an easy endgame win for Black .
Now , however , Anand has a slow but sure win .
47 … Qe2 + 48.Kh3 c4 49.a4 a5 50 .Rf6 Kg8 51 . Nh6 + Kg7
By now the local fans were slowly filing out of the Military Club ; they knew their man was doomed .
52.Rb6 Qe4 53 .
Kh2 Kh7 54.Rd6 Qe5 55 .Nf7 Qxb2 + 56 .Kh3 Qg7 0 - 1 Veni , vidi , vici , Vishy .
( Adds details )
HOUSTON , May 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. officials closed commercial and recreational fishing for a minimum of 10 days in federal waters affected by the massive oil spill in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said on Sunday .
The affected waters are largely between Louisiana State waters at the mouth of the Mississippi River to Florida ’s Pensacola Bay , the agency said .
“ Balancing economic and health concerns , this order closes just those areas that are affected by oil , ” NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco , said in a statement .
“ There should be no health risk in seafood currently in the marketplace . ”
There are fish , crabs , oyster and shrimp near the spill and officials are working to prohibit harvesting from affected areas , NOAA said .
( Editing by Martin Golan )
Get some fresh air outside while camping in your RV here
FBI warns of mortgage fraud ' epidemic '
Seeks to head off ' next S&L crisis '
From Terry Frieden
CNN Washington Bureau
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Rampant fraud in the mortgage industry has increased so sharply that the FBI warned Friday of an " epidemic " of financial crimes which , if not curtailed , could become " the next S&L crisis . "
Assistant FBI Director Chris Swecker said the booming mortgage market , fueled by low interest rates and soaring home values , has attracted unscrupulous professionals and criminal groups whose fraudulent activities could cause multibillion - dollar losses to financial institutions .
" It has the potential to be an epidemic , " said Swecker , who heads the Criminal Division at FBI headquarters in Washington .
" We think we can prevent a problem that could have as much impact as the S&L crisis , " he said .
In the 1980s , many Savings and Loans failed because of poor management , risky loans and investments , and in some cases , fraud .
Taxpayers were left with a $ 132 billion tab to cover federal guarantees to S&L customers .
The FBI has dispatched undercover teams across the country in an urgent investigation into dealings by suspect mortgage brokers , appraisers , short - term investors , and loan officers , Swecker , flanked by FBI executives and Justice Department prosecutors , revealed .
In one operation , six individuals were arrested Thursday in Charlotte , charged with bank fraud for their roles in a multimillion - dollar mortgage fraud , officials said .
The two - year investigation found fraudulent loans that exposed financial institutions and mortgage companies to $ 130 million in potential losses , they said .
Also Thursday , federal agents in Jacksonville arrested two people and executed seven search warrants in connection with an alleged scheme designed to defraud banks of $ 22 million , officials said .
The number of open FBI mortgage fraud investigations has increased more than five - fold in the past three years , from 102 probes in 2001 to 533 as of June 30 this year , the FBI said .
The potential losses are staggering , and many financial institutions are cooperating with investigators .
Officials noted mortgage industry sources have reported more than 12,000 cases of suspicious activity in the past nine months , three times the number reported in all of 2001 .
While the FBI described mortgage - related fraud as a nationwide problem , it said the levels of illegal activity are worse in some locations than in others .
States identified as the top 10 " hot spots " for mortgage fraud are Georgia , South Carolina , Florida , Michigan , Illinois , Missouri , California , Nevada , Utah and Colorado .
" It 's bad in Georgia , the Atlanta area , " said John Gillies , chief of the FBI 's Financial Institutions Fraud Unit .
" It was bad in the Charlotte area , but we 've had a lot of undercover activity there that 's helped push the problem into South Carolina . "
Josh Hochberg , head of the Justice Department 's Fraud Section , said some organized ethnic groups are becoming involved in mortgage fraud schemes , but he declined to identify the groups .
Officials said mortgage fraud is one prominent aspect of a wider problem of fraud aimed at financial institutions .
The FBI said action has been taken against 205 individuals in the past month in what it described as the " largest nationwide enforcement operation in FBI history directed at organized groups and individuals engaged in financial institution fraud . "
In addition to mortgage fraud , " Operation Continued Action " also targeted loan fraud , check kiting , and identity theft as major problems .
Today I just saw the new Robin Hood movie directed by Ridley Scott .
I was SURPRISED .
Not just because I liked it better than I thought I would .
Not because it was political , but because the message was so different from what you expect of the man who steals from the rich to give to the poor .
And mostly that the message was so eloquently SPOT ON .
I never judge a movie ’s quality by what it ’s trying to say .
I judge it by how well it says it .
Avatar was an amazing movie , expressed itself powerfully , even though its message was juvenile .
Not only did Robin Hood have an excellent message , but it brought it out in dramatic form so expertly .
This movie was about taxes .
Yes , taxes .
And it drives home the point of what taxes mean in the backstory .
Showing how in 12th Century England people of the country are breaking their backs to support themselves in harsh times , only to see what they ’ve produced and earned ripped from their hands by rulers demanding that everyone pay their fair share .
Their fare share for the rulers ’ endless wars and other endless expensive spending projects .
Eventually it gets to be too much and the people organize together in mass for a tax revolt .
Hmm… Tea Party ?
I ’m google - ing online now and finding many critics are very upset that this is not the classic steal from the rich to give to the poor Robin Hood .
There ’s no other such socialist undertones that imply rising higher than others is inherently wrong .
No , instead there ’s a demand on the King that a charter be drafted to limit his powers so that he cannot spend or tax without the consent of the governed .
Robin Hood shouts to the crowd “ What we ask for is Liberty .
Liberty by Law ! ” , and makes the case to the King that a land of free people will create a stronger more prosperous England , as well as create citizens more loyal than any King enjoys .
[ Check out the Trailer Below ]
Yup , the movie ’s message is a nearly explicit rallying cry for the Tea Party movement .
And feels like an attack on both Bush and Obama .
I could n’t agree more with the libertarian points it makes viscerally .
That yes , we do happen to use the government services we are taxed for , but to assume that any ruler can and should make better spending decisions with your income than you , it ’s not only presumptuous , it is villainous .
It ’s theft , it ’s brutal and it ’s hurting your life .
And for what ?
For inferior services operated by unaccountable self righteous “ princely ” bureaucrats .
Of course this is not just a political story .
It ’s a cool movie otherwise ; intelligent and engaging .
The backstory of injustice affects all the subplots and drives the theme of finding strength and courage and rising up to face challenges head on .
The motto repeated throughout the movie is “ Rise and Rise Again , Until Lambs become Lions ” .
This is an epic action film , brutal and bloody , and in line with Braveheart .
The acting was great , Cate Blanchett was phenomenal , Russel Crowe was powerful , the production was engaging , and Ridley Scott continues to be incapable of directing anything less than excellent .
It probably should have been titled “ Robin Hood Begins ” because it ’s a prequel that leaves off where the classic tale begins .
The story was a little hard to follow at the beginning , but it all makes sense in short time .
At over 2 1/ 2 hours , you are hereby warned not to get a large drink .
Honestly , I had no desire to see Robin Hood , I never gave a damn about the classic story .
A friend asked me to join him today and gave me only 15 minutes notice .
I ’m glad I did n’t turn him down .
I have no doubt that Ridley Scott and the writer Brian Helgeland would deny any connection with the Tea Party , and I ’m sure this movie has nothing directly to do with that movement .
Still , it explicitly and strongly supports the same ideals that the Tea Party stands for , so I can safely say , if you want to understand what the Tea Party is actually about , this movie serves as an excellent introduction .
Check out the Trailer :
If you are not enlightened yet , go read the « reify graph » paper .
MEMBERS OF the European Parliament have voted themselves an increase of € 1,500 a month in expenses to help them cope with the extra work created by the Lisbon Treaty .
The money must only be used to pay for staff , and can be used to top up the salaries of existing staff or to create a new job .
MEPs yesterday approved the increase as an amendment to their 2010 budget .
Up to now they had a € 17,540 monthly staff budget .
However they argued that an increase was necessary to cope with the increased powers and responsibilities conferred on the parliament by the Lisbon Treaty .
Fine Gael MEP
Mairéad McGuinness said she had some reservations about approving the increase but said the money could be used by Irish MEPs to create more jobs for Irish people .
“ This is a difficult time to ask people outside the parliament accept us voting for an increase , but there are extra duties associated with the Lisbon Treaty and I am inundated with CVs of people looking for jobs or work experience , and it would be Irish people who would get these jobs . ”
Meanwhile economic and monetary affairs commissioner Olli Rehn has asked MEPs to encourage support in their home countries for EU “ fiscal surveillance ” and regulatory reform plans .
The need for an economic union to complement monetary union was “ the critical lesson ” to be learned from the economic crisis , Mr Rehn said .
He was speaking yesterday at a debate on the EU2020 plans to improve the long - term economic competitiveness of the union .
There were three strands to recovery , he said .
“ First of all we need to continue with immediate crisis - resolution , with vigilance with Greece and elsewhere in Europe . ”
Next was a need for the regulatory reform of financial markets which were a “ good servant ” but a “ bad master ” .
Finally there was a need to move quickly to make decisions to reinforce the economic governance of the EU through “ preventative fiscal surveillance ” .
Independent MEP Marian Harkin said she supported Mr Rehn in regard to the scrutiny of member states ’ budgets .
Fine Gael MEP
Gay Mitchell said that while member states must be disciplined , it needed to be asked whether “ sinister elements ” were using the markets to damage the euro .
[ / caption ]
The Mars rover Spirit has entered her long anticipated low power hibernation mode according to a statement released by NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory late Wednesday ( March 31 ) .
Spirit skipped her scheduled downlink on Sol 2218 ( March 30 , 2010 ) via the Ultra - High Frequency ( UHF ) relay through the Mars Odyssey orbiter from her location on the Martian surface at Gusev crater .
No telemetry was received from Spirit and there was no evidence of a UHF signal .
“ Well , we knew it was coming … in fact , I ’m surprised it did n’t happen earlier ” , Steve Squyres told me today , April 1 .
Squyres is the Chief Scientist for the Mars rover twins , Spirit and Opportunity .
“ The vehicle is all tucked in and ready to hibernate , and we have high hopes that we ’ll be back in business come springtime .
But it ’s gonna be a long winter , ” Squyres added .
The team was anticipating Spirit to experience a low - power fault about this time due to declining energy production from the wing - like solar panels .
As winter approaches in the Martian southern hemisphere , the daily quantity of sunlight impinging on the power producing panels declines daily .
Energy production from the solar arrays had dropped to only 134 watt - hours on March 22 .
So , the most likely explanation for the missing downlink is that Spirit did go into that low - power fault taking her batteries off - line , sometime between the last downlink on Sol 2210 ( March 22 , 2010 ) , and Sol 2218 ( March 30 , 2010 ) .
In hibernation mode , Spirits master clock keeps on ticking , but communications and other activities are suspended in order to channel all available energy into powering the critical survival heaters necessary to save the rovers electronics as well as to try to recharge the batteries and attempt to wake up .
When the battery charge is adequate , the rover attempts to wake up and communicate on a schedule it knows .
“ Components within the rover electronic module ( REM ) inside the rover ’s warm electronic box ( WEB ) are experiencing record low temperatures , ” says Doug McCuistion , the director of Mars Exploration at NASA Headquarters in Washington , DC , in an interview about Spirit ’s predicament .
“ So far , the coldest temperatures recorded within the REM by one reached a low temperature of - 41.5 degrees Celsius ( - 42.7 degrees Fahrenheit ) ” .
This occurred just prior to the loss in communications .
“ The REM electronics rack is located inside the WEB and is about a half meter cube in size ” , McCuistion told me .
“ The expectation is for the REM hardware to reach - 55 C at the coldest part of the winter .
We have tested the REM down to - 55C ” .
“ Spirit ’s lowest power production during a single sol ( so far ) was during a dust storm in November of 2008 .
For that one sol , Spirit ’s solar arrays produced only 89 watt - hours of energy , ” McCuistion said .
“ We may not hear from Spirit again for weeks or months , but we will be listening at every opportunity , and our expectation is that Spirit will resume communications when the batteries are sufficiently charged , ” said John Callas of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory who is project manager for Spirit and Opportunity .
Spirit has been stuck at a place called ‘ Troy ’ since becoming mired in a sand trap of soft soil in April 2009 .
While driving on the western edge of ‘ Home Plate ’ , she unknowingly broke through a hard surface crust ( perhaps 1 cm thick ) of water related sulfate materials and sank into hidden soft sand beneath .
At Troy she made a great science discovery by finding evidence of the past flow of liquid water on the surface of Mars .
Earlier Mars articles by Ken Kremer :
Spirit Freezing ; We Will Move Her if We Can
Spirit Hunkered Down for Winter ; Stuck Forever ?
Maybe Not !
Phoenix Still Silent as Martian Ice Recedes
If Phoenix Arises , Science could flow quickly
Mars 2016 Methane Orbiter : Searching for Signs of Life
Rand Paul And The Civil Rights Act : The Difference Between Philosophy And Politics
Doug Mataconis · · 16 comments
James and Steven have both written at length about the Rand Paul / Civil Rights
Act story , and I believe the Washington Post ’s David Weigel makes an excellent point about this whole controversy this morning that is worth expanding upon :
So is Rand Paul a racist ?
No , and it ’s irritating to watch his out - of - context quotes — this and a comment about how golf was no longer for elitists because Tiger Woods plays golf — splashed on the Web to make that point .
Paul believes , as many conservatives believe , that the government should ban bias in all of its institutions but cannot intervene in the policies of private businesses .
Those businesses , as Paul argues , take a risk by maintaining , in this example , racist policies .
Patrons can decide whether or not to give them their money , or whether or not to make a fuss about their policies .
That , not government regulation and intervention , is how bias should be eliminated in private industry .
And in this belief Paul is joined by some conservatives who resent that liberals seek government intervention for every unequal outcome .
Now , few conservatives would go as far as Paul .
In an essay just this month on the thought of William F. Buckley , Lee Edwards criticized Buckley ’s belief “ that the federal enforcement of integration was worse than the temporary continuation of segregation . ”
“ As a result of National Review ’s above - the - fray philosophizing , ” wrote Edwards , “ and Barry Goldwater ’s vote , on constitutional grounds , against the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the albatross of racism was hung around the neck of American conservatism and remained there for decades and even to the present . ”
That , in miniature , is what is happening to Paul .
This is a problem that libertarians have had before , especially those like Paul who have n’t run for office before .
The usual issues where they get tied up are things like legalizing drugs and prostitution , but the strong libertarian defense of property rights , which is essentially what Paul is arguing here , is another one .
Philosophically , I think Paul has a point .
Politically and historically , however , he approached this from precisely the wrong angle .
The left will say that this is the end of the Paul campaign , and even some on the right who supported Trey Grayson in the primary have been issuing “ I told you so ” commentary this morning , but reality is probably different .
Paul does need to address this issue in a way that gets it behind him , sooner rather than later preferably , but it ’s not going to become the defining issue of the campaign .
This is still a Republican year , and Paul is running in a conservative state that has a history of electing Republican Senators .
The race will be competitive , but Paul still has a very good shot at winning .
The golf story that Weigel writes about , by the way , refers to the fact that some on the left decided to criticize Paul for holding his Tuesday night victory party at a members - only golf club in Bowling Green , rather than at a hotel .
Paul responded to questions about the choice by saying that the venue was less expensive for the campaign because he was a member of a club , and rejected suggestions that it reinforced Republican stereotypes by noting , correctly , that golf had become much more than a rich man ’s game in recent years thanks largely to the popularity of Tiger Woods .
It ’s a silly non-controversy , of course , ( as Wonkette noted , there ’s little difference between Country Club and swanky hotel ballroom ) but somehow it got combined with the Civil Rights
Act story and became part of the narrative that started developing last night .
In short , I think Paul will survive this .
However , he needs to learn to be less of a philosopher and more of a politician .
Update :
The first post - primary poll of the Kentucky Senate race is out and , so far at least , Rand Paul is doing very well :
Rand Paul , riding the momentum of his big Republican Primary win on Tuesday , now posts a 25 - point lead over Democrat Jack Conway in Kentucky ’s U.S. Senate race , but there ’s a lot of campaigning to go .
A new Rasmussen Reports telephone survey of Likely Voters in Kentucky , taken Wednesday night , shows Paul earning 59 % of the vote , while Conway picks up 34 % support .
Four percent ( 4 % ) percent prefer some other candidate , and three percent ( 3 % ) are undecided .
Paul consistently led Conway prior to winning the Republican primary , but had never earned more than 50 % support .
Conway has been stuck in the 30s since the first of the year .
Last month , Paul posted a 47 % to 38 % lead over the Democrat .
Obviously , even though the poll was taken Wednesday night , it probably does not fully reflect any impact from the Civil Rights Act coverage .
Nonetheless ,
Paul is apparently starting from a very strong position .
According to ESPN 's Pierre LeBrun , per the CBC's Satellite Hotstove , Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom will determine his hockey future in the next seven days , and then the Wings will sign him for a slight haircut over his $ 7.45 million salary , and the Wings have already started contract negotiations with Tomas Holmstrom and Todd Bertuzzi ;
According to Glenn Healy , the NHLPA will also help lead the PA going forward , though he may not become their next executive director , and the PA does hope to find an executive director in short order .
Update 11:59 PM
: Here 's the clip ... check the 5:41 mark :
Update # 2 , Sunday , 5:54 AM : LeBrun offers substantiation in text via his blog :
During wet aging , the plastic does n't allow the meat to breathe , so it ages in contact with its own blood , which lends it " a more intense sour note and a more bloody / serumy flavor , " according to the Department of Food Science and Nutrition at the University of Minnesota .
This sounds a bit negative when you 're talking about the flavor of a steak , but the fact that upwards of 90 percent of the beef taken home by American grocery store shoppers in plastic - wrapped foam trays is wet - aged seems to suggest that it can't be all bad .
Dry aging , on the other hand , allows the meat to breathe , lose water ( which increases its " beefiness " since there is now less water and but the same amount of muscle fiber ) , and get acted upon by other microbes beside those of the muscle itself .
Those other microbes are the long , threadlike mycelia of various airborne fungi that begin to digest the meat , giving an aged loin its distinctive flavor , aroma , and fuzzy exterior .
So dry aging wins , right ?
It 's complicated : while most meat snobs ( myself included ) prefer dry - aged beef , the American public actually prefers bagged beef according to a number of very expensive meat studies .
Certainly you could chalk those results up to Americans preferring what they have become used to and choosing bagged meat over the funkier flavor of dry - aged beef .
Ultimately neither method of aging is the be - all - end - all : it is impossible to properly dry - age steaks like the flat iron , skirt steak , or chuck tenders because they lack the protective fat and bone that cover traditional aged cuts like rib and short loin .
Once they are removed from the carcass , they simply begin to degrade and dry out , which is why I think everyone agrees they should go into plastic .
What everything eventually comes down to is personal preference .
I prefer meat that has been hung about two weeks because I like to taste the beef , not the age .
My customers , however , demand that we dry age their steaks five weeks and beyond .
They have come to associate the taste and texture of well - aged meat with having the true steakhouse experience at home .
To further complicate matters , one of the best steaks I have ever eaten was off a 100 - percent grass - fed animal that was hung for two weeks , then put into vacuum pack for two more weeks .
What does all of this tell us ?
That the best kind of aged meat is the kind that you , as an individual , like best .
Whether it's a wet , bloody T - bone or an eight - week - old New York strip that tastes like bleu cheese , the customer is always right .
Advertisements
Palin Demands RNC
Take Her Name Off of Fundraisers
It seems Sister Sarah is too pristine to associate with the likes of the RNC ( bondage themes aside , as she remains their Mistress of Scold ) .
And while many are saying this is a bad move on her part , it ’s actually more of the same quite successful tactics she has been using to get elected since she started her political career with around 600 votes back in Wasilla .
CNN reports :
Advertisements
“ Though Palin will speak on Friday at the SRLC , a gathering of top Republican officials and an early cattle call for potential 2012 presidential candidates , the former Alaska governor will not be participating in any RNC fundraising event , a Palin adviser told CNN . ”
Palin specializes in the “ I ca n’t associate with the Good Old Boys because they are corrupt , so I will damage my own career to take a stand ! ” move .
And of course , the people are always so impressed by the spunky mom with a heart of gold that they rush to vote for her without ever checking her record .
Ironically and predictably , she has consistently been guilty of the very accusations she has leveled at others .
But Sarah is the RNC ’s biggest fundraiser .
The RNC has built itself on image since their Reagan heyday , and the false narrative built around W as a “ rancher ” ( on a non-working ranch ) and “ Texan ” ( east coast elite ) was so successful they managed to hoodwink the country twice into “ electing ” him .
You know what they say : “ Live by the sword , die by the sword . ”
The RNC is still pushing the same strategy ; picking Palin to replace Hillary because they are both women ( the similarities stop there ) .
Picking Steele to counter our first half African - American president ( Steele is no Obama ) .
Pushing family values when their leaders have spent the last few years in the headlines for decidedly un -family values activities .
Their Orwellian use of language came to its inglorious head during the W administration with the “ WMD ” false narrative , which was carefully rolled out , one lie at a time until an entire war was justified in the mind of the public .
Rove , who dropped out of college after two years , was credited with this “ genius ” .
Yes , it worked .
For a while .
But the Republicans seem to have slept through the dawning age of Politifact , FactCheck.org , and most damning , YouTube .
It was inevitable that their strategy of lying to the people would come home to roost .
Steele has humiliated them over and over again ; between his campaign finance investigations and now the bondage nightclub there were gaffes a plenty .
Remember the backwards hat and the reference to fried chicken ?
Palin has pushed them into an extremist position , which is frankly unelectable should the general public get wind of exactly what these folks stand for .
Her rallies remind me of the ancient games at the Colosseum , best known for bonding the people in an “ us versus them ” mentality via savage human executions and exploitation of the proletarian desire for retribution .
But they ca n’t fire Steele .
They ca n’t fire their token African American .
Can they ?
They ca n’t dump Palin , even after her cross -hair targets .
She ’s their biggest brand , even if she is toxic to their long - term electability .
This is a classic result of years of running on fake narratives and standing for nothing other than fleecing the people .
There are no values they can claim that they have n’t repeatedly violated and failed to address .
So they are stuck with false narratives , slick images and Poster People .
There is n’t an authentic conservative of the people to be found among their leaders .
Not one .
Inevitably , these Poster People end up standing for nothing that the RNC claims they represent ( Steele does not represent minorities in any real political way and Palin is as anti-woman as you can get without reaching back into history ) , and yet they have amassed great power .
The inmates are running the asylum .
And Sister Sarah has a keen nose for opportunities like this one .
Palin was wily and clever to remove her name from the RNC fundraiser .
She knows her base loves to think of her as standing up to the good old boys ; their task - master in tight skirts , whipping the corrupt into shape as she bakes a pie for her beloved family and special needs prop .
Yes , this is her moment to shine .
She ’s going to kick this door wide open whether God wants her to or not .
Watch out , RNC .
The Palin bus has savagely run over those who backed her , supported her , and got her where she is today .
She has no loyalty .
She will stab the RNC in the back ( just as she stabbed McCain , the Democrats who got her legislation passed in Alaska , her Republican supporters like Andree McLeod , her own legislative aides like Frank Bailey ) while flashing her too - white , all - American smile for her base .
Of course , she will make a big deal about how she is on the “ outside of the machine ” .
Never mind the levers she ’s pulling as she pockets her glory .
She ’s a modern day heroine for the disaffected .
Her carefully crafted and never - investigated narrative ( this is their own fault , remember how they accused anyone who dared to question her record of being “ sexist ” ? ) way outshines their dusty old RNC jingles now .
Who does the RNC have without her ?
Steele ?
Santorum ?
Jindal ?
Mitt ?
Not a rock star among them .
And so the fall of the RNC begins , brought on by an excessive belief in their ability to lie to the people and it appears as if it will be brought to fruition by their own Frankensteinian creation .
This is the inevitable result of the kind of sleazy cowardice that has run the RNC for the past ten years at least .
They stand for nothing and that ’s why their monsters are eating them alive from the inside .
This is , of course , bad for America .
It ’s bad for democracy .
And it ’s a depressing commentary on our consumerist culture .
Not to mention , it leaves a window of opportunity for a Naughty Monkey clad toe to wedge itself further into our political arena .
Could carbon capture and sequestration save the world ?
Canadian taxpayers are putting $ 1.6 billion into the experiment
Desperate Times , Desperate Measures
by Stephen Leahy
Published in Nov/Dec’09 issue of Watershed Sentinel
Like a reckless gambler , the federal government ’s plan to deal with our emissions of climate - altering carbon dioxide is to put most of our money on an unproven , risky and expensive long shot called “ carbon capture and sequestration , ” CCS for short .
In a pair of October announcements , the Alberta and federal governments committed $ 1.6 billion to use this untested technology to reduce carbon emissions from an Alberta coal plant and a Shell Oil tar sands upgrader .
Billions more are promised .
Canada puts 600 million tonnes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere every year .
That has to stop .
This generation , you and me , must determine what methods and technologies offer permanent CO2 reduction at the scale we need , and do so quickly , safely and at the lowest cost .
And we must act on that knowledge as if the future of children ’s lives depend it because we are shaping the world they will inherit .
We cannot rely on political and business leaders to make these decisions on their own , as will become evident .
What other ways could we reduce our CO2 emissions with $ 1.6 billion of public money – $ 200 per Canadian family of four ?
Replace 3.2 million older inefficient refrigerators with high - efficiency ones , thus reducing carbon emissions by 2 - 3 million tonnes annually .
The two proposed Alberta carbon capture and sequestration ( CCS ) projects promise emission reductions of 2.1 million tonnes in total , if they work as touted .
Keep in mind there are no large - scale CCS projects anywhere in the world .
With this level of investment , replacing refrigerators or windows or lights or a dozen other energy efficiency improvements can produce major emission reductions quickly , safely and guaranteed .
Buildings use at least 40 per cent of all energy consumed in Canada and retrofits could reduce that energy use to 10 per cent or even less , experts have repeatedly pointed out .
What about alternative energy generation from wind , solar or geothermal ?
That $ 1.6 billion could buy and install 1000 one - mega - watt wind turbines – enough carbon - free electricity for 500,000 homes .
How many solar panels does $ 1.6 billion buy and how much CO2 reduction ?
These questions need to be part of a public discussion about the ways Canada can reduce its carbon emissions .
Right now the Alberta and federal government are only talking to the fossil fuel industry , and “ clean coal ” CCS is what we get .
“ There ’s been no announcements for efficiency or renewable energy programs , ” says Amy Taylor , Director of Alberta Energy Solutions , at the Pembina Institute , a Calgary - based environmental organization with a focus on sustainable energy .
“ We need a balance in energy generation and emission reductions .
What if CCS does n’t work ?
This the first 20 % of the article for the complete article contact me
FYI : I ’m an independent journalist based in Canada who supports his family and the public interest writing articles about important environmental issues .
This is now only possible with your support ( see Collapse of Media ) .
A small contribution ( $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 ) is the ONLY way this can continue .
PayPal or Credit Card
Or contact me for mailing address .
44.109380 -79.120461
PARIS — French farmers ride their tractors into Paris from time to time to confront Parisians and the government with one complaint or another about agricultural issues , but on Sunday the French Young Farmers union instead brought the sights and scents of the countryside to Paris as its members covered a long stretch of the Champs - Élysée with miniature fields of wheat and sunflower .
“ These Parisians , in the summer , they leave to go see the country , ” said William Villeneuve , the president of the Young Farmers union .
“ We ’re bringing them the country , on their avenue . ”
It was perhaps its sheer incongruity that drew massive crowds to the avenue that the French call the most beautiful in the world .
The federation said that about 150,000 plants covered more than 3 hectares , or 7.4 acres , of the avenue .
Farms animals — sheep , pigs and at least four breeds of cows — were held in pens along the avenue .
French farmers have seen incomes plummet in recent years — in 2009 , they sank 34 percent from 2008 levels — and have been vocal in their demands for government assistance .
But organizers said the event was not meant as a political statement , but rather as an opportunity for city - dwellers to interact with farmers and the rural world .
Barrow
Wake viewpoint is a notorious site for sexual activity
A fake brown tourist sign , pointing to an " official dogging area " at a Cotswold beauty spot has been ripped down by angry residents .
It was put up on the A417 at Birdlip and points towards the Barrow Wake viewpoint - a notorious site for public sexual activity .
David Parkinson said Barrow
Wake 's reputation was a problem for local residents and the sign did not help .
Police said they were aware of their concerns and were addressing them .
' Stranger sex '
Mr Parkinson said : " It does tend to make the lives of local residents impossible .
" The viewpoint itself is one of the best in the area , giving fantastic views across Gloucestershire .
" You park there and you get accosted by people after ' stranger sex ' , I believe the terminology is .
It 's become a no - go area for residents . "
He said the sign looked very much like an official one , but he was planning to burn it on a bonfire .
Gloucestershire police inspector , Phil Offord , said an operation addressing the residents ' concerns was ongoing .
" One of the key elements of the operation is to encourage local residents to report any incidents in the area , " he said .
" Our priority is to ensure that the area remains safe and beautiful for all those that live , work and visit here .
" We would like to encourage people to talk to the local policing team about any concerns they have for the area and also to report any illegal or suspicious activity so that appropriate action can be taken . "
Given that Mr. Landrieu won more than half of the vote , a runoff election is not necessary .
In a city that is still mostly black , the victory was both startling in its departure from the past three decades of New Orleans history and predictable , in that Mr. Landrieu was the front - runner the moment he surprised the field and entered the race .
He ran unsuccessfully for the post twice before , coming close in 2006 but losing the runoff to the current mayor , C. Ray Nagin , who is prevented by law from running for a third term .
Because his father oversaw the broad desegregation of the city , starting with a racially mixed brain trust that helped run City Hall , Mr. Landrieu has attracted strong support from black voters .
Many residents also said they were drawn to his long political background , having grown weary with Mr. Nagin ’s outsider approach , which has produced a painfully slow recovery from Hurricane Katrina in the years since 2005 .
Of the more than 17,000 early ballots cast , a disproportionately high number of them were from black voters , said Greg Rigamer , an elections analyst , on WWL - TV , a local television channel .
Mr. Landrieu won roughly two - thirds of these votes , Mr. Rigamer said .
It was a historic outcome of an erratic election , which did not generate much drama on a day - to - day basis but was punctuated every few weeks by sudden , shocking developments .
Initially , a series of prominent potential candidates , including Mr. Landrieu himself , said they were not interested in running .
Then in December , at the last minute , Mr. Landrieu jumped in , throwing the race into chaos .
Less than a month later , State Senator Ed Murray , one of the front - runners , surprised everyone by announcing his departure .
The Dark Side of Competitive Government ?
Lawrence Auster , the curmudgeonly traditionalist conservative blogger ( who you should probably be reading – he ’s very intelligent , a great writer , and you will disagree with him 90 % of the time ) has a spring in his step after reading an AP story about immigrants who are planning to leave Arizona due to the new immigration law :
Most of the illegals interviewed by the AP are planning to go to other states in the U.S. , such as California , Texas , and Utah .
Excellent .
The Arizona law , if it survives court challenges and goes into effect , will create a competitive market among states based on enforcement of the nation ’s immigration laws .
Those states that do n’t pass a law similar to Arizona ’s will end up with all the illegals , which will lead most of the illegal alien - attracting states to pass such a law …
( bold mine )
The implications of changes in immigration levels in other states , I fear , may work out exactly as Mr. Auster predicts .
The problem is heightened by the fact that many states are facing massive budget crises , that probably are n’t going to get any better anytime soon – Megan McArdle wrote an excellent post arguing that the sovereign debt crisis will be the next one to blow up .
So what if all the predictions of conservatives are correct about the detrimental effect of immigration on state budgets , and 2 - 3 years from now Arizona ’s budget is in fantastic shape , and the surrounding states are even deeper in debt ?
A few things can happen .
One is that states could realize that maybe , just maybe , it ’s their social democratic policies that are the problem , and not immigrants .
( I know , I ’m hilarious . )
So then these states are left in a situation where they can either a ) go bankrupt or b ) throw all out all the immigrants .
And really , a ) will almost certainly lead to b ) , as a group of legislators that would choose bankruptcy over immigrant - bashing will soon be a replaced by a group of legislators happy to take the other side .
There is a silver lining – any situation in which a large number of states were to put in place Arizona - like laws would lead Congress to undertake immigration reform with urgency .
The federal government ( especially a democrat - led federal government ) and the state government have very different incentives with regard to immigration – the Democrats get votes , better relations with Mexico , and increased revenue from immigration , whereas the states are generally bearing the costs .
So , we would expect to see massive guest - worker programs , and also a massive expansion of H1 - B visas and the like , in order to circumvent the enforcement of the law .
Which might actually leave us with a non-insane immigration policy , where it ’s very simple to get into the country legally .
But I do n’t necessarily see a reason to be too optimistic .
Betting on the rationality of Congress is , as always , a good way to end up in the poorhouse .
Because while states may be able to compete on the basis of law enforcement , there ’s no competition with regard to the law itself – and it ’s that competition that would actually put pressure on governments to act rationally .
The Wrap is reporting that actor Alan Tudyk , best known for his role on Joss Whedon ’s beloved TV shows " Firefly " and " Dollhouse , " has joined the eclectic cast of Michael Bay ’s Transformers 3 in an unspecified role .
Tudyk is the latest announcement in what ’s looking to be a diverse cast with John Malkovich , Frances McDormand and Patrick Dempsey having already joined the returning cast .
Previously , Tudyk appeared in the original Death at a Funeral , 3:10 to Yuma , Judd Apatow ’s Knocked Up and Whedon ’s " Firefly " spin - off Serenity .
At this point , nothing else is known of the plot for the threequel or what part Tudyk might play .
Transformers 3 is scheduled to open on July 1 , 2011 .
Fears of Euro Zone Domino Effect Will Greek Contagion Bring Portugal Down ?
Will the Greek malaise spread to Portugal ?
Fears of a national bankruptcy are now also growing in Lisbon , even though the country is capable of getting its debt under control by itself .
The problem is that markets no longer have faith in the Portuguese to fix their own affairs .
After Mike Cammalleri took advantage of a Pittsburgh Penguin neutral zone turnover to put the icing on the cake of Jaroslav Halak 's 3 - 1 win earlier this afternoon , one had to figure the Montreal forward was at the tops of the shooting percentage charts this postseason .
The Canadiens have been woefully outshot during the entire playoffs against the Eastern Conference titans Washington and Pittsburgh , and yet have managed to post a 5 - 4 record by getting excellent goaltending and favorable percentages by capitalizing on the rare offensive chances they are presented with .
Here are the shooting percentage leaders and losers amongst forwards with at least 20 shots in the 2010 playoffs :
2010 Postseason Forward Shooting % ( n=37 )
#
Player Team GP G PP GWG shots S% 1 Michael Cammalleri
MTL
9 8
3 2 25 32.0 % 2 Mikael Samuelsson
VAN
7 7 2 1 29 24.1 % 3 Joe Pavelski
SJS
7 7 3 3 30 23.3 % 4 Patrick Kane
CHI
7 5 1 0 22 22.7 % 5 Henrik Zetterberg
DET
8 6 2 2 31 19.4 % .. ...............................
.........
.... ....... ....... ........ ............ .......... 33 Patrick Marleau
SJS 6 1 1 0 24 4.2 % 34 Scott Gomez
MTL
9 1 0 0 25 4.0 % 35 Manny Malhotra
SJS 7 1 1 0 26 3.8 % 36 Martin Hanzal
PHX 7 0 0 0 29 0.0 % 37 Alex Semin
WSH 7 0 0 0 44 0.0 %
Poor Alex Semin .
As great of a postseason Joe Pavelski is having , it 's probably hard to expect for him to continue racking up these types of goal scoring numbers -- in order to continue scoring at his current pace of a goal per game , it 's likely he will need to increase his shot volume considering his unusually high shooting percentage ( 23.2 % ) when compared with his career average ( 10.2 % ) .
Here are some other notable San Jose Sharks heading into tonight 's game against Detroit :
San Jose Sharks 2010 Postseason
Player GP G S PO S % 09 - 10 S %
CAReer S %
Joe Pavelski
7
7 30
23.3 % 11.0 % 10.2 % Devin Setoguchi
7
4 36 11.1 % 12.1 % 12.0 % Dany Heatley
6
1 19 5.3 % 13.9 % 15.7 % Ryane Clowe
7
1 22 4.5 % 10.1 % 12.5 % Patrick Marleau
6
1 24 4.2 % 16.1 % 14.6 % Joe Thornton
7 0 17 0.0 % 14.2 % 14.9 %
In a small data sample such as the NHL playoffs , it 's hard to predict exactly how the bounces will play out -- as we saw against Colorado in the first round , as well as Montreal and Washington , " it 's all white noise right now , chaos and calamity .
These things don ' necessarily even out .
They just exist " [ link ] .
A short seven game series , at least relative to a player 's season and even career , has a tendency to do that .
However , if Patrick Marleau is functioning at close to 100 % tonight coming off a bout with the flu , I would wager that he and Heatley begin to pick up the slack in the goal scoring department considering the vast difference between their current versus career percentages .
Whether or not Pavelski continues at his current rate is unknown , but probably unlikely unless he increases his shot volume .
Moral of the story ?
Marleau and Heatley will probably be fine going forward as long as they are healthy and continue to get their chances .
They are too adept at putting pucks in the net to continue to post such dismal shooting percentages .
Then again , perhaps this little piece of mojo in my living room carries Pavelski all the way through the postseason :
Ya know , that actually seems a lot more likely .
Go Sharks .
I worked with Rep. Tim Ryan , who represents Kent State today , to pass a House resolution yesterday memorializing the event .
But I felt that was n’t enough .
So I gave this speech on the Floor of the House last night :
My father was a history teacher .
I sometimes wonder what kind of speeches he might give , if he had been elected to Congress instead of me .
It ’s too late to ask him – he ’s been gone for ten years .
But last night I gave the speech that I thought he might give , explaining what Kent State meant then , and what it means today .
This one is for you , Dad .
Probably not , but her jewelry may be .
Miley Cyrus 's entire line of necklaces and bracelets has been pulled from the shelves of Wal - mart after tests determined that they contain high levels of the toxic metal cadmium .
This is an awful scandal for both Cyrus and Wal - mart .
First , how did this oversight occur ?
According to the Associated Press , which broke the story , the jewelry was imported from China .
The article explains that Wal - mart began a policy last month to require suppliers to prove their products contain little or no cadmium , but this jewelry must have slipped through the cracks .
According to Wal - mart , the jewelry is probably not a threat .
Cadmium is only known to be toxic of ingested .
But the retail giant tells AP that the jewelry was not intended for children .
That claim , however , borders on preposterous , considering that virtually all of the teen star 's fans are kids .
But Wal - mart probably means that very young children , who are more likely to bite or suck on a product , would n't generally wear the jewelry .
Still , the damage is done .
Events like these can cause some customers to lose trust in large retailers like Wal - mart .
Product safety is generally something of a base - motivation for consumer purchases .
Just ask Toyota .
Even if no lawsuits come from of this incident , it could result in a pretty bad tarnish on the firm 's reputation -- especially given parents ' likely reaction since the product has a hugely popular child star 's name attached .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Compensation : 2 days of Graphic Design work
Here is how it will work ; Send me one weeks worth of salary and benefits .
I will keep all of the checks that are sent to me and use all of the benefits .
Whoever sends me the best salary and benefits package will win the contest and get the prize of two days of graphic design work !!!
Good Luck !
I am really looking forward to recieving your payment packages !
“ The minister of health will send inspectors to the hospital in Rossano Calabro to investigate what actually happened , and to see if the Law 194 , which prohibits abortion when there is a possibility of the foetus living separately from the mother , and permits it only when the continuation of the pregnancy would result in life - threatening danger to the mother . ”
A Houston judge on Thursday granted a pretrial motion declaring the death penalty unconstitutional , saying he believes innocent people have been executed .
“ Based on the moratorium ( on the death penalty ) in Illinois , the Innocence Project and more than 200 people being exonerated nationwide , it can only be concluded that innocent people have been executed , ” state District Judge Kevin Fine said .
“ It 's safe to assume we execute innocent people . ”
Fine said trial level judges are gatekeepers of society 's standard for decency and fairness .
“ Are you willing to have your brother , your father , your mother be the sacrificial lamb , to be the innocent person executed so that we can have a death penalty so that we can execute those who are deserving of the death penalty ? ” he said .
“ I do n't think society 's mindset is that way now . ”
The motion was one of many submitted by defense attorneys Bob Loper and Casey Keirnan arguing Texas ' death penalty was unconstitutional for their client , John Edward Green Jr .
Loper said he and Keirnan were pleased by Fine 's ruling , which will be appealed and almost certainly reversed .
“ It 's pretty traditional in these cases to file as many motions as you can and try to find something the judge finds approaches unconstitutionality , ” Loper said .
If Fine 's ruling were to be upheld , it effectively would take away the option of the death penalty in Green 's case .
In their motion , Loper and Keirnan assert , “ The system that determines who should die in Texas is truly ‘ broken . ' ”
They argued , and Fine agreed , that the law providing for the procedures surrounding instructions to a jury in the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure violate the Eighth and 14th Amendments to the U.S. Constitution prohibiting cruel and unusual punishment and guaranteeing the right of due process .
DA : ‘ It has no basis in law '
Green , 23 , is accused of fatally shooting a Houston woman and wounding her sister on June 16 , 2008 .
Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos issued a statement disagreeing with Fine 's ruling .
“ Words are inadequate to describe the Office 's disappointment and dismay with this ruling ; sadly it will delay justice for the victims and their families , ” the statement said .
“ We will pursue all remedies . ”
The statement noted that the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals and other appellate courts consistently have rejected the same arguments .
“ We respectfully , but vigorously , disagree with the trial judge 's ruling , as it has no basis in law or in fact , ” Lykos wrote .
On Thursday , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott 's office issued a news release calling Fine 's ruling “ an act of unabashed judicial activism . ”
Abbott offered to help the Harris County District Attorney 's Office appeal the decision .
Fine , the statement said , ignored U.S. Supreme Court precedent in granting the motion .
“ We regret that the court 's legally baseless order unnecessarily delays justice and closure for the victim 's family — including her two children , who witnessed their mother 's brutal murder , ” the statement said .
Fine 's decision is unlikely to withstand appellate review , said Sandra Guerra Thompson , professor at the University of Houston Law Center .
“ You never know , but I do n't see it happening at this time , ” Thompson said .
“ Technically , they 're bound by precedent .
There are laws on the books that have ruled on this type of question . ”
On bench since 2008
Thompson said trial judges sometimes grant rulings that are unlikely to stand up on appeal to start a dialogue in the judicial branch .
“ If they feel strongly enough , sometimes they 'll grant a motion like this to buck the system , just to stir the waters , ” Thompson said .
Fine , a judicial maverick , was elected in the 2008 Democratic near - sweep of Harris County 's benches .
A recovering cocaine addict , the judge came under fire last year for questioning a victim during the punishment phase of a rape trial .
After a jury found a man guilty of aggravated sexual assault , Fine challenged the victim 's version of events , including why she would have been on top during the rape .
Green faces the death penalty in the robbery and shooting death of Huong Thien Nguyen , 34 .
Police said she and her sister , My Huong Nguyen , had returned to their home in the 6700 block of Bellaire Gardens about 1:20 a.m. when Green approached them , demanded money and shot them .
Huong Thien Nguyen died at the scene .
brian.rogers@chron.com
Sweden has expelled a high - ranking Syrian diplomat for allegedly planning to abduct his daughter , Swedish media report .
Syria 's charge d'affaires wanted to take his daughter out of Sweden because of her relationship with a young man there , Swedish television SVT says .
The Swedish foreign office has refused to comment , TT news agency reports .
A Swedish politician , who is alleged to have helped the diplomat plan to kidnap the girl , was arrested on Monday .
The Stockholm - based Social Democrat politician had served as an adviser to the diplomat 's family , SVT reports .
The politician denies any wrongdoing , Dagens Nyheter newspaper writes .
A spokesman for the Swedish foreign office , Teo Zetterman , told Swedish daily Svenska Dagbladet that they could not comment on cases involving people with diplomatic immunity .
Syria was informed Tuesday by Swedish officials that the diplomat was " no longer welcome in Sweden " , according to Swedish daily Expressen.se
Swedish Social Democrat leader Mona Sahlin would not comment on the story , Swedish news website Expressen.se notes .
Although the U.S. electric power industry is one of the greatest engineering marvels of the 20th century , aging technology and an increase in demand create problems for the electricity infrastructure that need to be fixed .
Venkat Selvamanickam , director of the Applied Research Hub and the M.D. Anderson chair professor of the department of mechanical engineering , University of Houston , is developing a technology with high temperature superconducting wires that is revolutionizing the way power is generated , transported and used .
" The country 's electric transmission grid currently consists of about 160,000 miles of high - voltage transmission lines , with forecasters predicting an additional 12,900 miles needed over the next five years to meet increasing demand , " said Selvamanickam .
" The goal of my research is to modernize the power grid with high temperature superconducting wires to improve efficiency and reliability .
Almost anything in the power grid - cables , transformers , motors , generators - can be more efficient if you use high temperature superconducting wires .
Superconducting power cables can transmit up to 10 times more power than traditional copper cables without the significant losses of traditional cables and are considered environmentally friendly .
Superconducting fault current limiters can enable uninterrupted power transmission when conventional circuits will otherwise succumb to outages in events such as lightning storms . "
On a tour of Selvamanickam 's research laboratory at Texas Center for Superconductivity at the University of Houston , he demonstrates different samples of the high temperature superconducting wire that resemble a shiny , metal tape about the size of a hair ribbon , with similar flexibility .
The tape has six to eight layers with a ceramic - middle , one - hundredth as thick as human hair , consisting primarily of a coating made from a mixture of yttrium barium copper oxide , generally called YBCO ( pronounced IB - co ) .
High temperature superconductivity defines certain materials like metals and ceramics that lose electrical resistance when cooled by liquid nitrogen , an inexpensive industrial refrigerant that costs less than a bottle of water , a major development in the price point for superconductivity for wide commercial use .
Without this resistance , electrons can travel through these materials freely , leading to wires fabricated into power cables that carry large amounts of electric current for long periods without losing energy as heat .
Cooled by liquid nitrogen , high temperature superconducting wires reduce risk of explosion in that it 's not flammable .
The applications for high temperature superconducting wire range from advanced medical imaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging ( MRIs ) to large - scale applications replacing existing copper wires with superconducting wires to raise reliability and cut costs in electric power transmission and distribution , storage devices , motors , generators , cellular communication systems , to magnetically - levitated trains .
" High temperature superconductivity has the potential to revolutionize the way we use electricity , just like the way fiber - optics revolutionized the way we communicate , " said Selvamanickam .
" Our research pays immediate returns to the industry .
It 's not like something that maybe 10 years down the line could be useful . "
It is estimated that high - temperature superconducting wires could eliminate 131 million tons of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere and offset the emission of the equivalent of 40 conventional electricity - generating plants .
Before joining the University of Houston in 2008 , Selvamanickam was the chief technology officer at SuperPower .
He received his Ph.D. in materials engineering from UH in 1992 and his master 's degree in mechanical engineering in 1988 .
As a graduate student , he created a new method for fabricating high performance superconductors .
One of his publications that arose from his master 's thesis on superconductivity became one of the most cited works on the subject setting international standards for superconductor performance .
He continued the trend of setting world - record performances in superconductor wire in his industrial career at SuperPower .
" SuperPower is one of a handful of companies to develop and manufacture second - generation high temperature superconducting wires in kilometer - long lengths commercially available around the world today .
They produce the world 's highest - performance wire , " said Selvamanickam .
Based in Schenectady , New York , SuperPower signed a research agreement with the University of Houston and is the first partner in the new applied research hub of the Texas Center for Superconductivity at the University of Houston ( TCSUH ) .
The company plans to establish a presence in Houston with a specialty products facility at UH's Energy Research Park .
Selvamanickam oversees SuperPower 's research and development activities from Houston as a chief technical advisor .
In moving its research to the University of Houston , SuperPower transferred to the University unique , thin - film process equipment to make the wire .
" No other university in the country has this kind of equipment .
We also have five SuperPower scientists now working out of Houston who also train and mentor graduate students working on the project , " said Selvamanickam .
" One reason the University of Houston was selected for its research agreement was its strong commitment to superconductivity research , " said University of Houston President Renu Khator .
" The Texas Center for Superconductivity houses the largest university - based multidisciplinary research center in the world and is enthusiastic about working with an industry leader like SuperPower . "
SuperPower 's achievements include demonstrating the world 's first integration of high - temperature superconducting wire installed in the grid in upstate New York as part of the Albany Cable Project , a Department of Energy flagship program .
SuperPower and Waukesha Electric Systems along working with the University of Houston and Oak Ridge National Laboratory will be installing a fault limiting superconducting transformer in Southern California Edison utility substation , California 's largest grid , in 2015 .
Selvamanickam attributes his success in the challenging field of superconductivity to being in the right place at the right time as a graduate student at the University of Houston .
" I was at the birthplace of high temperature superconductivity as a graduate student in 1987 at the University of Houston .
At the time , Paul Chu , director of the Texas Center for Superconductivity discovered YBCO that broke the liquid nitrogen barrier for superconducting temperature , " said Selvamanickam .
" I was one of the first researchers to work on the material Chu discovered .
We worked around the clock trying to make the material , perform 100 times better .
I came up with a new technique to fabricate superconductors and achieved a world record in January 1989 that 's still a standard today . "
After receiving his degree , Selvamanickan worked at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory for a year as a post - doctoral researcher , then joined Intermagnetics General Corp .
In 1996 , President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Early Career Achievement Award .
He used the $ 500,000 received from the award as seed money to develop a ground breaking superconducting wire technology at Intermagnetics which was the foundation for the start of SuperPower in 2000 .
From 2000 to 2008 , he built and managed a team of 40 + high - performance personnel and led the company to multiple word firsts including the completion of the world 's first significant delivery of second - generation high temperature superconducting wire and multiple world records for superconductor wire performance .
Selvamanickam was named Superconductor Industry Person of the Year in 2005 and his numerous accomplishments in this field are documented with more than 145 papers in several major journals , 30 issued patents and 21 pending U.S. patents , and more than 60 pending international patents .
After nearly 25 years of working in superconductivity , Selvamanickam still finds it a magical phenomenon and is fueled by passion and drive to be a leader in his field .
" There is no theory to explain why these materials are superconducting , " Selvamanickam said .
" Another thing that gives me goose bumps is there are materials out there that could be superconducting at room temperature , and we do n't know it yet . "
Today morning I was reading about Brad Adams – Going Google and ruminating about what he wanted to do there when several earlier articles I had read suddenly came together and I had an inspiration that I thought I ’d blog .
It would by really cool if Brad and Tim Bray ( who recently left Sun and joined Google Android ) get together and implement the CLI on the Android OS .
Brad is one of the architects of the CLI and has been one of the main driving forces behind the development of the .NET framework and it ’s adoption .
He is currently looking at what he wants to do when he starts at Google .
He mentioned that he thinks the cloud plus devices is one of the dominant trends of the future and I agree .
I think the Android OS is an important part of this future and currently I am frustrated that there is only Java support for developing in it .
Tim shares my frustrations and he is looking at getting other languages supported in the Android OS .
He is looking at Ruby right now – it ’s open source and a dynamic language and it makes sense .
But I feel the CLI ( which is an open ECMA specification ) is a great fit for the Android OS because it can be used to as a basis to quickly support a lot of languages .
Besides as a .NET developer myself , I think that having the capability to develop Android applications in C# or IronPython is a far more palatable proposition than doing it in Java :-)
I saw this article by Miguel de Icaza where he puts out an idea to incorporate the CLI into the browser engine so that we could use languages other than Javascript in our client - side scripting ( my take on that is here ) .
It occurs to me that it should be similarly possible to bring it into the Android OS as well .
There are currently efforts to port Mono that could be used as a starting point .
So what say guys – can we get the .NET CLI in Google Android ?
Become the opposite of the Apple iPhone and embrace developers instead of driving them away :-)
8.532389 76.955846
Trans / GNC Services For Us , Provided By Us .
Trans Thrive , which stands for Transgender Resource and Neighborhood Space ( TRANS ) , and Transgender Health & Resource Initiative for Vital Empowerment ( THRIVE ) was the new incarnation of the transgender drop - in started by UCSF and transferred to Asian & Pacific Islander Wellness Center .
As part of the newly branded SF Community Health Center , Trans Thrive now includes all services provided for the Trans / GNC community at SFCHC .
Trans
Thrive is more than a drop in center , it ’s services for US , by US .
We aim to create safe spaces , events and services for the entire Trans / GNC community .
From case management and medical services ( including Primary Care , HRT and Needle Exchange ) , to mental health and substance use support , to social groups and special events , to a drop in center ( with snacks and refreshments , clothing closet and a computer lab ) , we have it all !
We are trans services for US , by US .
Together , we can get to health , wellness , and equality .
Everyone is respected in this space !
Who we serve
Transgender people of color
Transgender people living with or at risk for HIV
Transgender people with substance abuse issues
Homeless and marginally housed trans people
Trans people in jail & re-entering society
Transgender youth , gender variant and non-conforming
Transgender people new to Bay area
Anyone on the trans / GQ / GV spectrum
Drop -In Space
The Trans Thrive Drop -
In space is open four days a week .
Here , any Trans / GNC person can become a part of Trans Thrive .
Folks who come to the drop - in for the first time is asked to fill out an intake form and meets with a staff member to discuss expectations and the benefits of the drop - in space which include : a lounge , computer lab , clothing closet , and other amenities .
Everyday there are groups ( with food ) on various topics .
Tuesday : 2:00 pm – 5:00 pm
Thursday : 1:00 pm- 5:00 pm
Friday : 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm
Saturday : 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm
Transform SF
Transform SF is San Francisco ’s HIV testing initiative for the transgender community of San Francisco .
Funded by the San Francisco Department of Public Health , it is a collaborative composed of San Francisco Community Health Center , El/la Para TransLatinas and Instituto Familiar de la Raza .
The program ’s goal is to provide HIV testing to high risk for HIV transwomen particularly of African American , Latina , Asian & Pacific Islander and Native Americans ( but inclusive of all trans people ) to make them aware of their HIV status and provide health care immediately .
Participants who join will be enrolled to do a behavioral risk assessment survey and consent to do two rapid HIV test .
The first test you will receive a $ 20.00 Visa gift card and second HIV test ( 6 months later ) you will receive another $ 20.00 gift card .
This momentous program is the 1st ever incentivized testing program for the Trans community in San Francisco .
Trans Access
We provide open access medical clinic serving trans women of color living with HIV , including primary and HIV care , hormones replacement therapy , Case Management , peer navigation , and social support .
In addition to that , we support clients who experience substance use , mental illness and survival sex work and refer them to programs that would help them .
TM4M
Is a HIV prevention program for trans men who have sex with men ( TM4 M ) open to all male identified people , unless otherwise stated .
This marks the first eve program created for this target population .
We provide monthly workshops and education material like on the “ Top 5 ” and “ Hanky Code . ”
We also do outreach at events like Folsom Street Fair and Trans March as well as put on special events like speed dating .
Needle Exchange
Through our needle exchange and disposal program , people who inject drugs access sterile equipment and can safely dispose of bio -waste .
Used needles are disposed of in accordance with established biohazardous waste standards .
Needle exchange programs are intended to prevent the spread of the HIV virus and other blood - borne diseases , such as hepatitis B and C , among injection drug users and their sexual partners .
Schedule
M : 9:00 am – 12:00 pm
T : 2:00 pm – 5:00 pm
W : 9:00 am – 12:00 pm
TH : 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm
F : 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm
S : 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm
Tuesday :
1stand 3rd Tuesdays Trans Feminine Group 5-6:30 pm
A discussion and support group for transgender women .
Zoom ID : 8604460227
2nd and 4th Tuesdays Fifty and Fabulous 5-6:30 pm
This group is for all transgender / Gender Non-Conforming folks who are 50 and older .
Zoom ID : 8604460227
Trans Masculine Group 6-7:30 pm
Come and hangout with other Trans Masculine folks , this group is inclusive of all trans masculine identified folks including non-binary identified folks .
Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/319905337
Meeting ID : 319 905 337
Wednesday :
Mindful Moment 3 - 4pm
Come and join us for a mindful moment , we ’ll be doing a mindfulness exercise and a check in .
This will be a time to take a moment for one ’s self during this complicated time .
Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/885062636
Meeting ID : 885 062 636
ATE 5 - 6:30 pm
A.T.E. Support Group : Asian & Pacific Islander Transgender Empowerment Group is a support group that caters to the A&PI Transgender Communities .
Contact erica@sfcommunityhealth.org for details .
Zoom ID : 8604460227
Thursday :
Game Night 6-7:30 pm
Hang out with other Trans folks and play some games together .
Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/833650239
Meeting ID : 833 650 239
Friday :
Folks Who Feast 12pm
We ’ll live stream over Facebook Live cooking some easy to prepare meals .
Saturday :
T- POC 2 - 3p
T- POC is a place for Trans People of Color to come together and share space .
With no agenda and with the singular objective of being present and tender with each other .
Please be mindful of the intention of this space , it is for Trans and GNC People of Color
https://zoom.us/j/961329086
Meeting ID : 961 329 086
Saturday Morn…Nah Afternoon Cartoons 3 - 4p
Come and hang out with other trans folks as we just watch some cartoons .
The mics will be on silent , so that everyone can hear but the chat will still be on .
We ’ll be doing this by syncing up youtube at the exact same time .
That way we can skip the issues caused by doing a share screen .
Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/701602209
Meeting ID : 701 602 209
12 min read
( Read more interesting articles on Hacking Vim 7.2 here . )
Some of these tasks contain more than one recipe because there are different aspects for personalizing Vim for that particular task .
It is you , the reader , who decides which recipes ( or parts of it ) you would like to read and use .
Before we start working with Vim , there are some things that you need to know about your Vim installation , such as where to find the configuration files .
Where are the configuration files ?
When working with Vim , you need to know a range of different configuration files .
The location of these files is dependent on where you have installed Vim and the operating system that you are using .
In general , there are three configuration files that you must know where to find :
vimrc
gvimrc
exrc
The vimrc file is the main configuration file for Vim .
It exists in two versions — global and personal .
The global vimrc file is placed in the folder where all of your Vim system files are installed .
You can find out the location of this folder by opening Vim and executing the following command in normal mode :
: echo $ VIM
The examples could be :
Linux : /usr / share / vim/ vimrc
Windows : c:program filesvimvimrc
The personal vimrc file is placed in your home directory .
The location of the home directory is dependent on your operating system .
Vim was originally meant for Unixes , so the personal vimrc file is set to be hidden by adding a dot as the first character in the filename .
This normally hides files on Unix , but not on Microsoft Windows .
Instead , the vimrc file is prepended with an underscore on these systems .
So , examples would be :
Linux : /home/kim/.vimrc
Windows : c:documents and settingskim_vimrc
Whatever you change in the personal vimrc file will overrule any previous setting made in the global vimrc file .
This way you can modify the entire configuration without having to ever have access to the global vimrc file .
You can find out what Vim considers as the home directory on your system by executing the following command in normal mode :
: echo $ HOME
Another way of finding out exactly which vimrc file you use as your personal file is by executing the following command in the normal mode :
: echo $ MYVIMRC
The vimrc file contains ex ( vi predecessor ) commands , one on each line , and is the default place to add modifications to the Vim setup .
In the rest of the article , this file is just called vimrc .
Your vimrc can use other files as an external source for configurations .
In the vimrc file , you use the source command like this :
source / path / to/ external /file
Use this to keep the vimrc file clean , and your settings more structured .
( Learn more about how to keep your vimrc clean in Appendix B , Vim Configuration Alternatives ) .
The gvimrc file is a configuration file specifically for Gvim .
It resembles the vimrc file previously described , and is placed in the same location as a personal version as well as a global version .
For example :
Linux : /home/kim/.gvimrc and /usr/share/vim/gvimrc
and Windows : c:documents and settingskim_gvimrc and c:program filesvimgvimrc
This file is used for GUI - specific settings that only Gvim will be able to use .
In the rest of the article , this file is called gvimrc .
The gvimrc file does not replace the vimrc file , but is simply used for configurationsthat only apply to the GUI version of Vim .
In other words , there is no need to haveyour configurations duplicated in both the vimrc file and the gvimrc file .
The exrc file is a configuration file that is only used for backwards compatibility with the old vi / ex editor .
It is placed at the same location ( both global and local ) as vimrc , and is used the same way .
However , it is hardly used anymore except if you want to use Vim in a vi-compatible mode .
Changing the fonts
In regular Vim , there is not much to do when it comes to changing the font because the font follows one of the terminals .
In Gvim , however , you are given the ability to change the font as much as you like .
The main command for changing the font in Linux is :
: set guifont =Courier 14
Here , Courier can be exchanged with the name of any font that you have , and 14 with any font size you like ( size in points — pt ) .
For changing the font in Windows , use the following command :
: set guifont =Courier:14
If you are not sure about whether a particular font is available on the computer or not , you can add another font at the end of the command by adding a comma between the two fonts .
For example :
: set guifont =Courier New 12 , Arial 10
If the font name contains a whitespace or a comma , you will need to escape it with a backslash .
For example :
: set guifont =Courier New 12
This command sets the font to Courier New size 12 , but only for this session .
If you want to have this font every time you edit a file , the same command has to be added to your gvimrc file ( without the : in front of set ) .
In Gvim on Windows , Linux ( using GTK + ) , Mac OS , or Photon , you can get a font selection window shown if you use this command :
: set guifont= * .
If you tend to use a lot of different fonts depending on what you are currently working with ( code , text , logfiles , and so on . ) , you can set up Vim to use the correct font according to the file type .
For example , if you want to set the font to Arial size 12 every time a normal text file ( . txt ) is opened , this can be achieved by adding the following line to your vimrc file :
autocmd BufEnter *.txt set guifont=Arial 12
The window of Gvim will resize itself every time the font is changed .
This means , if you use a smaller font , you will also ( as a default ) have a smaller window .
You will notice this right away if you add several different file type commands like the one previously mentioned , and then open some files of different types .
Whenever you switch to a buffer with another file type , the font will change , and hence the window size too .
You can find more information about changing fonts in the Vim help system under Help | guifont .
Changing color scheme
Often , when working in a console environment , you only have a black background and white text in the foreground .
This is , however , both dull and dark to look at .
Some colors would be desirable .
As a default , you have the same colors in the console Vim as in the console you opened it from .
However , Vim has given its users the opportunity to change the colors it uses .
This is mostly done with a color scheme file .
These files are usually placed in a directory called colors wherever you have installed Vim .
You can easily change the installed color schemes with the command :
: colorscheme mycolors
Here , mycolors is the name of one of the installed color schemes .
If you do n’t know the names of the installed color schemes , you can place the cursor after writing :
:colorscheme
Now , you can browse through the names by pressing the Tab key .
When you find the color scheme you want , you can press the Enter key to apply it .
The color scheme not only applies to the foreground and background color , but also to the way code is highlighted , how errors are marked , and other visual markings in the text .
You will find that some color schemes are very alike and only minor things have changed .
The reason for this is that the color schemes are user supplied .
If some user did not like one of the color settings in a scheme , he or she could just change that single setting and re-release the color scheme under a different name .
Play around with the different color schemes and find the one you like .
Now , test it in the situations where you would normally use it and see if you still like all the color settings .
While learning Basic Vim Scripting , we will get back to how you can change a color scheme to fit your needs perfectly .
Personal highlighting
In Vim , the feature of highlighting things is called matching .
With matching , you can make Vim mark almost any combination of letters , words , numbers , sentences , and lines .
You can even select how it should be marked ( errors in red , important words in green , and so on ) .
Matching is done with the following command :
: match Group / pattern /
The command has two arguments .
The first one is the name of the color group that you will use in the highlight .
Compared to a color scheme , which affects the entire color setup , a color group is a rather small combination of background ( or foreground ) colors that you can use for things such as matches .
When Vim is started , a wide range of color groups are set to default colors , depending on the color scheme you have selected .
To see a complete list of color groups , use the command :
: so $ VIMRUNTIME/syntax/hitest.vim .
The second argument is the actual pattern you want to match .
This pattern is a regular expression and can vary from being very simple to extremely complex , depending on what you want to match .
A simple example of the match command in use would be :
: match ErrorMsg / ^Error /
This command looks for the word Error ( marked with a ^ ) at the beginning of all lines .
If a match is found , it will be marked with the colors in the ErrorMsg color group ( typically white text on red background ) .
If you do n’t like any of the available color groups , you can always define your own .
The command to do this is as follows :
: highlight MyGroup ctermbg=red guibg=red gctermfg=yellow
guifg=yellow term=bold
This command creates a color group called MyGroup with a red background and yellow text , in both the console ( Vim ) and the GUI ( Gvim ) .
You can change the following options according to your preferences :
ctermb Background color in console guibg Background color in Gvim ctermf
Text color in console guifg
Text color in Gvim gui Font formatting in Gvim term Font formatting in console ( for example , bold )
If you use the name of an existing color group , you will alter that group for the rest of the session .
When using the match command , the given pattern will be matched until you perform a new match or execute the following command :
: match NONE
The match command can only match one pattern at a time , so Vim has provided you with two extra commands to match up to three patterns at a time .
The commands are easy to remember because their names resemble those of the match command :
: 2match
:3match
You might wonder what all this matching is good for , as it can often seem quite useless .
Here are a few examples to show the strength of matching .
Example 1 : Mark color characters after a certain column
In mails , it is a common rule that you do not write lines more than 74 characters ( a rule that also applies to some older programming languages such as , Fortran - 77 ) .
In a case like this , it would be nice if Vim could warn you when you reached this specific number of characters .
This can simply be done with the following command :
: match ErrorMsg /%>73 v .+/
Here , every character after the 73rd character will be marked as an error .
This match is a regular expression that when broken down consists of :
%> Match after column with the number right after this 73
The column number V Tells that it should work on virtual columns only .+
Match one or more of any character
Example 2 : Mark tabs not used for indentation in code
When coding , it is generally a good rule of thumb to use tabs only to indent code , and not anywhere else .
However , for some it can be hard to obey this rule .
Now , with the help of a simple match command , this can easily be prevented .
The following command will mark any tabs that are not at the beginning of the line ( indentation ) as an error :
: match errorMsg /[ ^t ]zst +/
Now , you can check if you have forgotten the rule and used the Tab key inside the code .
Broken down , the match consists of the following parts :
[^ Begin a group of characters that should not be matched t
The tab character ]
End of the character group zs A zero - width match that places the ‘ matching ’ at the beginning of the line ignoring any whitespaces t+ One or more tabs in a row
This command says :
Do n’t match all the tab characters ; match only the ones that are not used at the beginning of the line ( ignoring any whitespaces around it ) .
If instead of using tabs you want to use the space character for indentation , you can change the command to :
: match errorMsg /[ t ] /
This command just says : Match all the tab characters .
Example 3 : Preventing errors caused by IP addresses
If you write a lot of IP addresses in your text , sometimes you tend to enter a wrong value in one ( such as 123.123.123.256 ) .
To prevent this kind of an error , you can add the following match to your vimrc file :
match errorMsg / ( 2 [ 5 ] [ 6 - 9 ]
|2[ 6 -9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] {1,3} |
[ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] ( 2[ 5 ] [ 6 - 9 ] |2 [ 6 -9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] |
[ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} |[ 0 - 9 ]
{ 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ .] ( 2[ 5 ] [ 6 - 9 ]
|2[ 6 -9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3}
| [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ . ] [ 0 - 9 ] { 1,3} [ .] ( 2[ 5 ] [ 6 - 9 ] |2 [ 6 -9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] | [ 3 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) /
Even though this seems a bit too complex for solving a small possible error , you have to remember that even if it helps you just once , it is worth adding .
If you want to match valid IP addresses , you can use this , which is a much simpler command :
Einführung
Auf dieser Seite wird das ursprünglich unter dem Namen " c't offline update " bei " heise online " veröffentlichte Open - Source - Softwareprojekt von dessen Autor , Torsten Wittrock , weiterentwickelt und gepflegt .
Mittels " WSUS Offline Update " können Sie Microsoft Windows - und Office - Computer sicher , schnell und ohne Internetverbindung aktualisieren .
Bitte beachten Sie die Information zur Patch - Abdeckung .
Die Software ist unter den Lizenzbestimmungen der " GNU GPL " auf dieser Seite weiterhin frei verfügbar .
Sie können allerdings mit Ihrer Spende dazu beitragen , dass dies auch so bleibt .
Introduction
At this site , the open source project formerly known as " c't offline update " or " DIY Service Pack " and published at " The H " , will be continued by its original author , Torsten Wittrock .
Using " WSUS Offline Update " , you can update any computer running Microsoft Windows and Office safely , quickly and without an Internet connection .
Please note the patch coverage information .
As licensed under " GNU GPL " , you still may download and use the software from this site for free .
Nevertheless , your donation would help to keep this state .
In a future full of iPads , iPhone OS 4 , next - gen iPhones , and iPod Touches with cameras ( plus whatever Gray Powell leaves at a German beer joint next week ) , a significant portion of your tech life will likely bear an Apple logo–and keep Steve Jobs in the finest stonewashed jeans regionally available .
The question is n’t , “ Do you use Apple devices , ” but “ Which one ? ” And “ Where ? ”
Here ’s a cut - out - and - keep cheat sheet .
Zappos Admits Pricing Mistake Cost It $ 1.6 Million ; But Is Upfront About Taking The Hit Itself
from the such - is - life dept
For many years we 've seen stories of companies making pricing mistakes at e-commerce stores .
The news of those mistakes tends to spread very quickly , with lots of people piling on to order something for way less than it cost .
Inevitably , the company realizes the mistake , andcontacts everyone who ordered to let them know the order wo n't be fulfilled because it was a mistake .
I actually have no problem with this , though some people think it 's horribly evil .
Either way , what seems to almost always happen is that the negative publicity that follows leads the company to change its mind and honor the original price .
Sometimes , it actually takes a lawsuit to make that happen .
However , this weekend , it looks like Zappos had a pretty massive pricing glitch on its sister site 6 pm.com .
It lasted a few hours .
But what 's different this time is that once Zappos fixed things , it immediately decided that it would still honor the wrong prices , even though the mistakes would end up costing the company ( now owned by Amazon ) $ 1.6 million .
Now , between Amazon and Zappos , the two companies have a ton of money , and continue making a lot of money every day .
But , no matter what , a $ 1.6 million pricing error is still a big deal .
Big enough that you would think that the company could potentially withstand any sort of PR hit to trying to not honor those prices ( perhaps offering up some sort of gift certificate or benefit to those impacted , instead ) .
However , for a company that bases its entire reputation on bending over backwards to make customers happy , it appears they quickly decided that it was best for their overall reputation to just eat the $ 1.6 million , and keep ( or even boost ) that customer service reputation .
Filed Under : customer service , losses , pricing
Companies : zappos
Image shows a Maasai tribe at dawn in Kenya .
This image is an example of a human society with maintained cooperation .
How this cooperation originates and is maintained is the topic of this paper by Boyd and colleagues .
Credit : © 2010 JupiterImages Corporation
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Humans are incredibly cooperative , but why do people cooperate and how is cooperation maintained ?
A new research study by UCLA anthropology professor Robert Boyd and his colleagues from the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico suggests cooperation in large groups is maintained by punishment .
The finding challenges previous cooperation / punishment models that argue punishment is uncoordinated and unconditional .
Boyd and his team report their research in the April 30 issue of the journal Science .
The research is funded by the National Science Foundation , the Santa Fe Institute 's Behavioral Sciences Program , the European Science Foundation and the University of Siena .
To understand the study , let 's start with a small group of friends .
In small groups , individuals often have personal connections with other group members and cooperation typically is maintained by a " you help me , I 'll help you " reciprocity system .
Group members cooperate because they do not want to hurt their friends by not participating in group efforts , and also because they may want help in the future .
But in a larger group , like a tribe , those mechanisms for maintaining cooperation are lost .
All group members experience the benefits of the large group , even those members who stop cooperating and become " free- riders . "
Free -riders are people who benefit from the group in food sharing and protection from enemies , for example , without contributing to food collection or war .
In these cases , the personal connection to the group 's members is often gone .
But it turns out that most members of large groups cooperate .
Why ?
Boyd and his colleagues suggest cooperation is maintained by punishment , which reduces the benefits to free riding .
There are tribes , for example , that punish free - riders who do not participate in warfare by not allowing them to take a bride .
Thus , there is the threat of losing societal benefits if a member does not cooperate , which leads to increased group cooperation .
Previous models of cooperation assumed that punishment of free - riders was uncoordinated and unconditional .
One problem with these models was that the costs associated with punishment were often higher than the gains of cooperation .
Thus , the cost of one group member 's punishing a free - rider would be substantial and would not overweigh the gains achieved through increased cooperation .
Costs may be defined as loss of friendship or loss of relational closeness with other members of the group .
To address the problem , Boyd and his colleagues changed the assumptions built into previous cooperation / punishment models .
First , they allowed for punishment to be coordinated among group members .
In their model , group members could signal their willingness to punish someone who was not participating in the group , but punishment would only occur if it was coordinated .
This meant the cost of punishing a free - rider would be distributed across members and would not be higher than the cost of gains achieved through increased cooperation .
Second , the researchers allowed for the cost of punishing a free - rider to decline as the number of punishers increased .
Boyd explained that this new model was " catching up with common sense " because these two assumptions exist in reality .
Their model had three stages in which a large group of unrelated individuals interacted repeatedly .
The first stage was a signaling stage where group members could signal their intent to punish .
In the second stage , group members could choose to cooperate or not .
The final stage was a punishment stage when group members could punish other group members .
The results of their model look a lot like what is seen in most human societies , where individuals meet and decide whether and how to punish group members who are not cooperating .
This is coordinated punishment where group members signal their intent to punish , only punish when a threshold has been met and share the costs of punishing .
Boyd argues that even in societies without formal institutions for establishing rules and methods of punishment , group punishment appears to be effective at maintaining cooperation .
Explore further Carrots are better than sticks for building human cooperation
Five wonderful and insightful years ago I started this blog .
I had planned a larger post talking about the " future " , but like this five year milestone time has gone by faster than I could ever had imagined .
Five years ago I was single and without a care in the world outside of whether my Internet connection worked at home .
Today , I 'm married , a father , a belated college graduate , and newly promoted at a company I would never have imagined working for .
Change , as they say , comes whether we wish it or not .
Yet , one thing has remained constant over the past five years : this blog and my gaming .
In retrospect there are a lot of things I would have done differently , butback there is n't a single thing I would want changed .
Without rambling any further ( the kid has gotta be put to bed at some point ) , I present to you a repost of my first post
The date : 29 May , 2005 .
The time : 20:24 or 8:24 PM EST for those of you in the civilian world .
This blog has officially started .
It has been a process of thought pulling at my mind for a while .
I play these games we call MMORPGs , but I do n't even know if " play " is the correct word to describe it anymore .
I live and breath these games .
They are more than an escape from my mediocre life .
Fun is no longer the driving factor .
Social interaction with like minded nerds and geeks ; people whom live through their in game characters as though it was version 2.0 of themselves .
I do n't want to hear these gamers speak in foreign Orcish or Elvish tongues .
I want them to speak English and call me newb , l33t , or dude .
I want role playing that is a real person , embodying a real in - game character .
I do n't want to know how much you can pretend .
I want to see who , what , and how you can do things in game with the class , race , or skills you have chosen in our game of choice .
Ah , the game of choice !
Room for debate among the flooded market of MMORPGs and the denizens that inhabit them .
From baseless flame fests on the far reaches of the most bizarre gaming message boards ; to developer 's beloved Customer Feedback Forms .
Well known to players that have ever hit cancel on a B - rate MMORPG subscription .
That is what brings us here .
The game of choice , or should I say games of choice !
After all , it is entirely possible to enjoy the splendor of more than a single MMO at a time .
While you risk the chance of losing that significant other , the admiration of your pet , and standing in your real life social circle , you obtain the chance to be the darling of your online world of choice .
Whether its a heroic conquest , a diabolic scheme , or simply a comical battle cry ; overnight stardom is possible !
So friends , let us journey down this road .
Unafraid of the naysayers !
Fearful of the sun that will burn our skin !
And most of all , damn proud of what we choose to do with our free time .
We are the many , the proud , the MMO gamer !
I had an odd thought while reading The Flash # 2 * last week .
Francis Manapul draws Barry and Iris in a way that makes them look fairly young , and I remembered someone ’s remark that the cowl on Wally West ’s new costume makes him look older than Barry , even though Wally used to be Barry ’s younger sidekick .
Then it hit me :
No , Wally is n’t older than Barry Allen ( even with time travel ) but when you factor in his earlier Kid Flash career , he actually has more experience than Barry at this point !
No , Really !
Wally
West became Kid Flash very early in Barry Allen ’s Flash career — only six issues into his solo series !
Flash vol .1 started with # 105 , picking up from where the Golden Age Flash Comics left off , and Wally was struck by lightning in Flash # 110 , back in 1959 .
He did n’t retire as Kid Flash until very late in Barry ’s career , in New Teen Titans # 39 — just one year before Barry vanished in 1985 .**
So Wally West has been running around for most of Barry ’s career plus his own !
Team Player
During his JLA run , Grant Morrison is one of the few writers I can remember really building on the fact that the original Titans grew up as super - heroes .
I do n’t recall it being a plot point , but Morrison mentioned it in an interview , or possibly one of the Secret Files books , and it clearly factored into his characterization of Wally West .
He might not have been as old as Superman , Batman and Wonder Woman , but he ’d been working with a team longer than they had , and he was a consummate professional .
Wally was n’t the rookie on the team by any stretch .
That honor went to Green Lantern Kyle Rayner .
Of course , neither Wally nor Barry can hold a candle to Jay Garrick , who has been speeding since 1940 !
* Yes , I do still plan on reviewing it .
It was just a busy week , and for some reason , it ’s been hard to sit down and write it .
** These are of course the real - world publishing dates .
The fictional DC Universe would use a vague “ X years ago ” timeline that always seems to change , but usually compresses everything from the dawn of the Silver Age onward into a 10 - 15 – year period .
Share
In an interesting and somewhat unexpected move Tesla and Toyota today jointly announced that Toyota will be taking a $ 50 million stake in the electric vehicle manufacturer which will equate to about 2 % of the company .
Daimler ( NYSE : DAI ) bought into Tesla last year and acquired a larger 10 % stake in the company , it would now seem that Tesla is working hand in hand with two of the biggest automakers and has , by and large , established itself as the number one electric vehicle and electric vehicle technology company in the world .
Toyota ( NYSE : TM ) will join with Tesla Motors on the development of future electric vehicles and electric vehicle technologies , this is the same fundamental philosophy that Daimler had when they took a stake in Tesla so it ’ll be interesting to see how Tesla handles working on proprietary technology development with two competing automakers .
Tesla will also take over Toyota ’s NUMMI plant in California , a factory capable of producing 20,000 vehicles per year , and will aim to begin production of electric vehicles in 2012 .
Tesla CEO
Elon Musk was quoted as saying “ We ’re going to occupying a little corner of NUMMI , but there ’s a lot of room for growth , and long - term we intend to use the full capacity of NUMMI . ” .
It is widely presumed that Tesla will produce the Model S sedan at NUMMI as well as the yet to be officially announced , cheaper Tesla models that Elon Musk eluded to last year , if Tesla do manage to utilise the full capacity of NUMMI they would be undoubtably producing or co-producing some Toyota badged electric cars designed to compete with the Nissan Leaf , Chevy Volt and Coda Sedan .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
Via Jalopnik
Official Press Release
Tesla Motors and Toyota Motor Corporation Intend to Work Jointly on EV Development , TMC to Invest in Tesla
PALO ALTO , CALIFORNIA , U.S.A. – TESLA MOTORS , INC . ( Tesla ) and TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION ( TMC ) today announced that they intend to cooperate on the development of electric vehicles , parts , and production system and engineering support .
The two companies intend to form a specialist team to further those efforts .
TMC has agreed to purchase $ 50 million of Tesla ’s common stock issued in a private placement to close immediately subsequent to the closing of Tesla ’s currently planned initial public offering .
“ I ’ve felt an infinite possibility about Tesla ’s technology and its dedication to monozukuri ( Toyota ’s approach to manufacturing ) , ” said TMC President Akio Toyoda .
“ Through this partnership , by working together with a venture business such as Tesla , Toyota would like to learn from the challenging spirit , quick decision - making , and flexibility that Tesla has .
Decades ago , Toyota was also born as a venture business .
By partnering with Tesla , my hope is that all Toyota employees will recall that ‘ venture business spirit , ’ and take on the challenges of the future . ”
“ Toyota is a company founded on innovation , quality , and commitment to sustainable mobility .
It is an honor and a powerful endorsement of our technology that Toyota would choose to invest in and partner with Tesla , ” said Tesla CEO and cofounder Elon Musk .
“ We look forward to learning and benefiting from Toyota ’s legendary engineering , manufacturing , and production expertise . ”
TMC has , since its foundation in 1937 , operated under the philosophy of “ contributing to the society through the manufacture of automobiles , ” and made cars that satisfy its many customers around the world .
TMC introduced the first - generation Prius hybrid vehicle in 1997 , and produced approximately 2.5 million hybrids in the twelve years since .
Late last year , TMC started lease of Prius Plug - in Hybrids , which can be charged using an external power source such as a household electric outlet .
The company also plans to introduce EVs into the market by 2012 .
Tesla ’s goal is to produce increasingly affordable electric cars to mainstream buyers – relentlessly driving down the cost of EVs .
Palo Alto , CA - based Tesla has delivered more than 1000 Roadsters to customers in North America , Europe and Asia .
Tesla designs and manufactures EVs and EV powertrain components .
It is currently the only automaker in the U.S. that builds and sells highway - capable EVs in serial production .
The Tesla Roadster accelerates faster than most sports cars yet produces no emissions .
Tesla service rangers make house calls to service Roadsters .
Older generations often accuse younger ones of not being up to snuff in many ways , such as upholding values and morals .
But they may be onto something -- a new study found that college students may be seriously lacking in empathy that previous generations apparently had in spades .
The study , a meta- analysis , looked at 72 studies of American college students conducted from 1979 to 2009 .
Those studies measured empathy on the Interpersonal Reactivity Index , a 28 - item scale that gauges aspects of interpersonal sensitivity :
-- Empathic concern ( feelings of sympathy for others ' misfortunes ) .
-- Perspective taking ( how people imagine others ' points of view ) .
-- Fantasy ( how people identify with fictional characters in books or movies ) .
-- Personal distress ( how people feel when they see the misfortunes of others ) .
From 1979 to 2009 , college students ' scores on empathic concern and perspective taking declined overall .
There were no substantial changes in fantasy or personal distress .
Converting the changes in scores to percentiles , researchers found a 48 % decrease in empathic concern and a 34 % decrease in perspective taking through the years .
In another associated analysis , the study authors found that Americans have noticed changes in peoples ' kindness and helpfulness throughout the same time period .
To what do the researchers attribute these changes ?
A number of social and cultural changes , including an increasing emphasis on the self ; an overactive media that bombards people with violent , horrific images and gradually desensitizes them ; and the growth of social media .
On that , the authors wrote , " With so much time spent interacting with others online and not in reality , interpersonal dynamics like empathy might certainly be altered .
For example , perhaps it is easier to establish friends and relationships online , but these skills might not translate into smooth social relations in real life .... "
" College students today may be so busy worrying about themselves and their own issues that they do n't have time to spend empathizing with others , or at least perceive such time to be limited , " said University of Michigan graduate student Edward O'Brien , in a news release .
O'Brien was one of the co-authors of the study that was presented at the annual meeting of the Assn. for Psychological Science held in Boston this week .
-- Jeannine Stein
Photo :
Have college students become less empathetic ?
Photo credit : Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times
by DonaldS
Some thoughts on why a deal between the Libdems and Conservatives has to be done , despite the obvious risks :
1. Clegg has no choice but to talk with Cameron .
“ The coalition of the defeated ” is a powerful framing narrative , which would be bad enough on its own .
But Brown is also widely hated in England , and installing a Labour PM who is n’t Brown could n’t be sold to an electorate pre-primed with that “ unelected PM ” line .
( And 23 % is n’t a mandate for Clegg to head any Lib - Lab coalition . )
Worse : a Clegg / Labour alliance would be 100 % reliant on 9 nationalists and plagued by an extreme version of the West Lothian Question .
It would fall and Labour and the LibDems would be annihilated at the subsequent election .
It ’s a non-starter .
2. However , lefties , anti-Tories and “ progressives ” who voted tactically to keep the Conservatives out need n’t feel betrayed .
We succeeded ; this is about as well as the strategy could have gone given the state of the parties ’ popularities a year ago .
All those hard - right Tories trying to scupper the Cameron / Clegg deal right now would have been calling the shots in government if we had n’t voted tactically .
They can be neutralized to some extent : dare them to bring a deal down .
3 . Those shouting from the sidelines about betrayal need to ask themselves : how did we get here ?
The answer is that Labour got us here .
There ’s no appetite in this country for a Tory government , clearly ; the vote was an anti-Labour / anti-Brown plebiscite .
New Labour betrayed the “ progressive cause ” , and Clegg is left in the unenviable position of salvaging what he can from the wreck .
Almost anything he can secure this weekend is more than we could have expected 6 months ago .
4 . It pains me to write this , but Clegg has little mandate for brinksmanship on electoral reform .
He polled 23 % , Cameron got 36 % ; and the numbers for England are even worse .
A parliamentary commission is a dead - end , obviously , but what if he could kick the Tories ’ gerrymandering “ reforms ” into touch and secure fixed parliamentary terms plus a binding , BC - style Citizen ’s Assembly for the Commons and Lords reform based on PR ?
Again , that ’s more than we could have expected 6 month ago , and might be possible *– especially if backed up by popular calls for major change .
Of course , the real culprits on Commons reform are Labour .
They held power for 13 years and showed no interest until it became their last lifeline .
5 . Like it or not , the British pubic is going to form its opinion about coalitions based on what happens now .
For the long - term prize , it ’s better that Clegg succeeds in building more than a Minority Government deal with Cameron .
Such an unstable deal would put him permanently in the position of being able to bring Cameron down , and then taking the blame from the Tories ’ media friends .
Alternatively , it would leave Cameron with the power to time a dissolution to suit him .
Clegg should agree a stable governing coalition with a fixed lifetime ( of , say , 3 years ) and a pre-determined program that , among other things , secures tax cuts for the poor rather than the rich , increases education spending on disadvantaged children , and scraps ID cards , alongside political reform and stymying the Tory hard - right ’s culture war .
The alternate scenario could be much worse – anyone fancy a quick election with many more seats within Conservative reach , Ashcroft ’s cash , and a Labour Party at civil war , for example ?
Major political reform , and the end of FPTP , is going to be a long game .
Dealing with the Tories can be the first act , and Clegg and his party should play their role .
It might not work , Cameron might not even want it to work , but right now there ’s no other show in town .
Even premature babies at 33 weeks post - conceptional age , about 2 months before term ( 40 gestational weeks ) , are capable of recognizing and distinguishing two objects of different shapes ( a prism and a cylinder ) with their right or left hands .
This is the first demonstration of fully efficient manual perception in preterm human infants .
The phenomenon was discovered by researchers at two laboratories : the Laboratoire de psychologie et neurocognition ( CNRS / University of Grenoble 2 / University of Chambéry ) and the Laboratoire de psychologie de la perception ( CNRS / University of Paris Descartes ) in cooperation with a team from the Neonatology Department of the Grenoble University Hospitals .
The findings have been published on the PLoS One website .
The source of all perceptual knowledge , the sense organs and sensory systems of premature babies are less efficient than those of full - term babies , even though the latter are also not yet fully developed .
Starting in the very first minutes after birth , a full - term infant is subjected to extensive tactile stimulation : it is washed , held on its mother 's stomach , nursed , diapered , etc .
Its body almost immediately experiences contact with skin other than its own , with towels , sheets , nipples -- in short , with objects of different textures , shapes and consistencies .
It is common knowledge that a baby will flex its fingers tightly if its palm is touched by a finger , but this grasping reaction is not just a simple reflex .
Even in the first hours of its life , a full - term newborn already has effective manual perception , a tactile capacity that enables it to make sense of its environment .
But what about the premature infant , whose neurological functions are even less developed due to its early birth ?
To find out , the researchers conducted an experiment with 24 premature babies aged 33 to 34+6 gestational weeks ( GW ) , approximately 2 weeks after their birth .
Their average gestational age ( age at birth ) was 31 GW ( which corresponds to about 7 months of pregnancy ) and their average weight at birth was 1500 g .
The research team adopted an experimental method based on habituation ( first phase ) and reaction to novelty ( second phase ) , similar to that used for full - term newborns .
This method relies on a simple universal principle : the gradual loss of interest that all humans experience in relation to a familiar object and the renewed attention elicited by a new , unfamiliar object .
In the first phase , the researcher places a small object ( a prism for half of the babies and a cylinder for the other half ) in one of the baby 's hands ( the right hand for half of the group and the left for the other half ) .
As soon as the infant lets go of the object , the experimenter places it back in the same hand and measures how long the baby holds the object each time .
The researchers observed that the holding time decreased over the course of the trials , indicating that the baby had become " habituated " to the shape of the object .
In the second phase , once the babies are habituated to their first objects , the researchers present an object with a new shape to half of the group and a familiar object ( the same as in the habituation phase ) to the other half .
The result : the holding time is longer for the new object ( reaction to novelty ) than for the familiar object .
This proves that the decrease in holding time ( observed in the first phase ) is not due to the babies ' simply growing tired , because otherwise they would not be more interested in something new .
This experiment reveals for the first time that preterm infants are capable of recognizing an object with their hands ( tactile habituation ) and that they show a preference for a novel object , reflecting their capacity to differentiate between two objects of different shapes ( tactile discrimination ) .
In other words , each time they hold an object , premature babies , like those born at term , are capable of extracting information tactilely on its shape , temporarily storing this information in their memory and comparing it with new tactile input .
If the object is the same they soon stop holding it , but if it is different they show greater interest .
Therefore , preterm infants , like full - term newborns , are receptive to tactile information and are already learning .
These findings improve our understanding of the perceptual capacities of premature babies and should help neonatology professionals optimize the handling and treatment of their preterm charges , in particular for the purpose of reducing their stress and offering them optimal conditions for their development .
Reason Saves Cleveland With Drew Carey is an original Reason.tv documentary series that aired the week of March 15 - 19 , 2010 .
Go here to watch at Reason.tv ; includes single , 50 - minute video file and episode guide and links to each individual segment .
Featuring sitcom legend , Price Is Right host , and proud Clevelander Drew Carey , each roughly 10 - minute episode investigates and analyzes the problems that turned Cleveland from the nation 's sixth - largest city in 1950 into today 's " Mistake By The Lake . "
Like all too many American cities , Cleveland seems locked into a death spiral , shedding people , jobs , and dreams like nobody 's business .
When it comes to education , business climate , redevelopment , and more , Clevelanders have come to expect the worse .
Is a renaissance possible ?
Of course it is , but only if the city 's leaders and residents are willing to learn from other cities such as Houston , Chicago , Oakland , and Indianapolis .
And only if they 're willing to try new approaches to old problems .
Reason.tv's Nick Gillespie narrates and talks with educators , elected officials , businesspeople , policy experts , and residents from all walks of life .
Reason Saves Cleveland maps a route back to prosperity and growth not just for Cleveland but for other once - great American cities .
Reason Saves Cleveland with Drew Carey is written and produced by Paul Feine ; camera and editing by Roger Richards and Alex Manning ; music by the Cleveland band Cats on Holiday and Max Bowerman .
Approximately 50 minutes long .
For downloadable iPod , HD , and audio versions of this video , and for a full episode guide and supporting links , go here .
To watch this series on YouTube , go here .
A US high school has been accused of spying on students at home through webcams in their laptops .
A lawsuit filed against the Lower Merion School District in Philadelphia claims laptop computers issued to students by the school came with remotely - activated webcams which it used to monitor their activities at home .
The suit also alleges the school kept its ability to activate the cameras secret from students and parents when the laptops were issued .
The surveillance allegedly came to light after Harrington High School assistant principal Lindy Matsko reprimanded a student for " improper behaviour in his home " .
" Cited as evidence was a photograph from the webcam embedded in minor plaintiff 's personal laptop issued by the school district , " the suit says .
The boy 's father then confronted Ms Matsko about the photograph and was told about the school 's ability to turn the webcams on remotely , it claims .
The suit was filed on behalf of the student and his family as well as all other students and families who were affected .
The Lower Merion district includes two schools with an estimated 1800 students .
It is alleged the school district , its board of directors and its superintendent violated several laws including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the Civil Rights Act .
( AP ) --
The scenario was unique , as far as doctors could tell : A man had gotten a transplanted kidney from a woman who had uterine cancer and did n't know it .
Vincent Liew decided to keep the kidney after his transplant surgeon concluded there was only a slim chance he could be sickened by the feminine cancer - advice that gambled with Liew 's life and lost , a lawyer for his widow told jurors Thursday in what experts say may be the only known case of uterine cancer being transmitted by transplant .
Jurors began deliberating the case against NYU Langone Medical Center Thursday afternoon and were to return on Friday .
Langone should be held responsible " for taking a huge risk with Vincent Liew 's life " by not urging him to have the kidney removed at once , Daniel Buttafuoco said during closing arguments in the medical - malpractice case , which is refreshing longstanding questions about organ transplant risks and rewards .
NYU Langone Medical Center says it advised Liew of the risk , honored his choice and aggressively monitored the kidney for signs of cancer .
Though tests found nothing , Liew suffered back pain and ultimately had the kidney removed about six months after the 2002 transplant .
He died about three weeks later of cancer that came from his donor , his autopsy said , without specifying the type of cancer .
He was 37 .
" This should not have happened , but it 's not NYU Medical Center 's fault .
It 's not ( transplant surgeon Dr. Thomas ) Diflo's fault .
It 's not Mr. Liew 's fault , " the hospital 's lawyer , Robert Elliott , said in his summation .
" The best care that could have been provided was . "
Liew 's widow , Kimberly , is seeking more than $ 3 million in damages in her lawsuit against the hospital .
Liew , originally from Singapore , worked in the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in New York .
A diabetic since his teens who was on three - times - a - week dialysis , he had been awaiting a kidney for about five years when he got the transplant Feb. 25 , 2002 .
The donor , Sandy Cabrera , 50 , had died of a stroke about a day earlier in Newburgh , N.Y .
" No one knew she had cancer , " her boyfriend , Michael Daniels , said in a telephone interview .
An autopsy in the days after her death found that she had uterine cancer that had begun to spread to her lungs .
The news did n't reach Diflo until mid-April 2002 , according to trial testimony .
The hospital that treated Cabrera , St. Luke 's Cornwall , declined to comment .
The organization that arranged the transplant , the New York Organ Donor Network , referred inquiries on Thursday to a national transplant group , the United Network for Organ Sharing , that declined comment .
With no medical literature available on uterine cancer being transmitted by transplant , Diflo testified that he told Liew the safest plan was removing the kidney , but that the odds of Liew developing the cancer were slight .
In dueling testimony from cancer specialists , the two sides have disputed whether it was indeed uterine cancer that killed Liew , though both acknowledge the malignancy derived from the transplant and caused his death .
A cancer expert who reviewed Liew 's records and testified for NYU , Dr. Jeffrey Schneider of Winthrop University Hospital in Mineola , said Thursday he believed Liew suffered from a type of immune - system cancer that sometimes afflicts transplant patients .
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that 1 percent of U.S. organ transplants are suspected of transmitting illnesses , though data are sparse .
Some 23 transplant recipients in 2007 - out of about 28,000 recipients nationwide that year - were judged to have at least possibly contracted cancers , HIV , tuberculosis and other diseases from their donors , according to a 2009 article in the American Journal of Transplantation .
Twelve of the recipients died , according to the article , which examined reports made to the national Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network .
Potential donors are screened for various diseases , and those with active cancers generally are eliminated from consideration .
But some cancers and other diseases can't always be detected in the short time frame transplants require , usually within a day , said Dr. Jeffrey D. Punch , the University of Michigan Health Systems ' transplant chief .
Explore further Lung cancer risk particularly high for heart and liver transplant recipients
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Sheffield Wednesday fans do n't need to be told that relegation is a painful blow , almost like a death in the family .
It is so traumatic that the major South American leagues have a history of trying to ensure that it never happens to their big clubs .
There were years in Brazil when it was decreed that no former First Division champion could go down .
Even when this clause was not in effect , there were times when big clubs finished bottom of the table , and still stayed up .
All kinds of strange justifications were employed to keep them in the top flight - such as scrapping relegation altogether to save Fluminense from the drop .
People in Brazilian football would argue , in all seriousness and with a totally straight face , that it was absurd for big clubs to be in the Second Division , no matter how bad their results .
It was feudalism in action , the exact opposite of meritocracy of the game .
It is an indicator of how much progress the country has made in the last few years that this way of thinking is now obsolete .
Even Corinthians have been relegated to the Second Division - and with over 20 m supporters , this is a giant club indeed - and other big names have also fallen , including Palmeiras , Vasco da Gama , Botafogo , Gremio and Atletico Mineiro .
The Second Division has benefited enormously as a result from TV deals and greater publicity and there is no doubt that Brazil is more than big enough to support a good standard second tier .
The clubs have benefited as well and with the exception of Bahia , all have bounced back at the first attempt , stronger for the experience .
Argentina has a different system .
Since the early 90s , in a bid to keep the interest level high , the season is split into two short and separate championships .
The Apertura ( Opening ) runs from August to December , and the Clausura ( Closing ) from February to May , each with the 20 teams playing each other once .
It would clearly be unfair to relegate clubs after one campaign of 19 games , but using a combined total of points from the two championships ( 38 games ) would surely be a fair solution .
That 's not the way it works , however .
The threat of possible relegation next year is hanging over River Plate
The perceived problem is that even the biggest clubs are forever selling their best players and are thus frequently caught in a spell of transition , when results can suffer as one team is deconstructed and another built .
So , to protect the giants from the consequences of such a situation , relegation is worked out on an average of points accumulated over three years , or six championships .
This system helps the big clubs , but it 's not foolproof , not if a transitional phase becomes an institutional crisis , as has happened with River Plate .
The Buenos Aires giants enjoyed their last taste of success when they won the 2007 / 8 Clausura , but since then the wheels have come off .
Over the two championships in that season they accumulated 66 points , but in in 2008 / 9 they managed just 41 and with two games to go in the current campaign , they only have 40 .
What has gone wrong ?
Coaches have come and gone , with no improvement in results .
Traditionally a great producer of players , the club 's talented youngsters have not been making the progress expected .
Both are signs of something fundamentally wrong in the set up .
Supporters groups , meanwhile , have been battling for control , prompting suspicions that they may have been receiving a cut of transfer fees .
River 's former great Daniel Passarella took over as president at the turn of the year and announced that he found the club in a financial coma .
He recently appointed Angel Cappa as the new coach , an old style footballing romantic , whose preference for a pass - and - move game puts him right in line with the tradition of the club .
It should be a perfect fit - and it needs to be .
River are not in immediate relegation danger .
The two teams with the worst points average go down , the next two go into play - offs .
Of the 20 clubs , River currently lie 12th in the relegation standings - saved by those 66 points accumulated in 2007 / 8 .
But next August , when the new season kicks off , they lose those points .
Only their disastrous results from the next two seasons will count , along , of course , with the points they pick up in 2010 / 11 .
They will therefore go into the next campaign under pressure and if they do badly in the Apertura they could find themselves in a strange situation - needing to win the Clausura to stay up , simultaneously fighting for the championship and to avoid relegation .
Comments on the piece in the space provided .
Other questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com , and I 'll pick out a couple for next week .
From last week 's postbag :
Q ) I 've been very impressed by Maxwell of Barcelona in this current campaign .
He looks very good going forward and a pretty decent defender .
Can you tell us a bit more about him , and why he 's never been called up for Brazil despite their left - back problems ?
Shayak Banerjee
A ) Interesting , though , that Barcelona did n't trust him to start the home game against Inter Milan .
It probably counts against his international chances that he moved abroad so early , and has played almost all of his career outside Brazil .
Dunga has said that the World Cup squad will not have any surprises , which would seem to rule him out , because he has n't been called up to the senior ranks .
Dunga is also keen on people who 've done well for Brazil at junior level , and here again Maxwell loses out .
He played for the Under - 23s in the Olympic qualifiers at the start of 2004 - taken very seriously over here .
He was awful - had to be dropped though he was the only left back in the squad .
Q ) There seems to be a lot of hype around Velez Sarsfield defender Nicolas Otamendi .
This week Liverpool have been linked with a £ 9 m bid for him and in the past he has been linked with Real Madrid .
At 5 '10 he seems a little on the small side to cope with the likes of Peter Crouch or Nicolas Bendtner in particular .
I can only think of Carlos Puyol in recent years who has had an impact despite being so small .
If he was to come to the Premier League how would he fare ?
And should we expect to see him at the World Cup ?
Michael Hocking
A ) He had a fabulous 2009 - from Velez reserve to Argentina 's first team .
Looks like being first choice right - back in the World Cup , though it 's not his position .
He 's a centre - back by trade , well built with excellent anticipation and good timing in the tackle .
I would be a bit worried about him with a big Premiership club at this stage , though I think he does have real potential .
I worry that he goes to ground too much , and I think he might have problems in the air .
He certainly had problems in a game against Catalonia at the end of the year - Argentina lost 4 - 2 , and after the game one of the Velez directors was hoping that none of the clubs interested in him was watching the game .
" if they saw it they 'll withdraw their offer , " he said .
So he 's a work in progress .
Not there yet , but one to watch .
Every entry on this site is something that somebody at some point put into a search engine .
Learn more in our FAQ section .
By Walden Bello
May 25 , 2010 -- Nearly a week after the event , Thailand is still stunned by the military assault on the Red Shirt encampment in the tourist centre of the capital city of Bangkok on May 19 .
The Thai government is treating captured Red Shirt leaders and militants like they 're from an occupied country .
No doubt about it : A state of civil war exists in this country , and civil wars are never pretty .
The last few weeks have hardened the Bangkok middle class in its view that the Red Shirts are " terrorists " in the pocket of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
At the same time , they have convinced the lower classes that their electoral majority counts for nothing .
" Pro- Thaksin " versus " Anti- Thaksin " :
This simplified discourse actually veils what is — to borrow Mao's words — a class war with Thai characteristics .
Epic tragedy
No doubt there will be stories told about the eight weeks of the " Bangkok Commune " .
As in all epic tragedies , truth will be entangled with myth .
But one thing will be clear :
The government 's decision to order the Thai military against civilian protesters can never be justified .
The casualties are still being counted .
Government sources say some 52 people were killed in the week ending on May 19 .
Bodies are , however , still turning up , including about nine that rescue workers discovered at the massive Central World shopping mall at the Rajprasong Intersection , which was torched by protesters .
The final count is likely to be much higher .
One soldier , for instance , claims to have counted 25 dead bodies on May 20 , as he went with his unit on a room - to - room operation to flush out suspected Red Shirt protesters in the Siam Square area .
Red Shirt sympathisers accuse the military of indiscriminate shooting .
They point to six people , including two medical personnel , shot by high - powered rifles outside the temple Wat Pathum Wanaram , where thousands of Red Shirt supporters took refuge .
A report by Thai academic Pipob Udomittipong documented in painstaking detail a military unit 's unprovoked firing at a medic 's van near the Red - Shirt stronghold at Lumpini Park , a few days before the May 19 assault .
While the Red Shirts count their dead , the Bangkok middle classes dwell on the 39 establishments and buildings that were burned down on May 19 .
The anti-Red Shirt Bangkok
Post editorialised : " City residents will rebuild and prove that the collective good is a force greater than the terrorists who laid waste to our homes and businesses . "
Class war
The local and domestic media have portrayed the Red Shirts as a lower - class peasant rabble invading Bangkok from the country 's impoverished northeast .
This is a distortion .
Some Red Shirts estimate that the masses that made up the Red Shirt demonstrators and sympathisers during the two - month - long mobilisation were 70 per cent from Bangkok and surrounding provinces , and 30 per cent from the northeast , north and other rural areas .
Those who resisted the armed assaults at key Red Shirt fortifications and refused the Red Shirt leadership 's advice to disperse peacefully before the military operation were mainly young people from Bangkok 's lower - class districts , such as Klong Toey .
There is a strong class element in the struggle between the Red Shirts and the Yellow Shirts .
Taxi drivers are mainly a Red Shirt lot , and in the aftermath of May 19 they 're eager to blast the government and the Bangkok rich and middle classes to anyone willing to listen .
Given the way that the Red Shirts and hundreds of their lower - class sympathisers not only in Bangkok but throughout Thailand have been attacked , arrested and imprisoned in the last week , there is no reason to doubt the words of one driver that , " when the curfew in lifted , Thailand will witness deeds that have not been seen before in this country " .
Who ordered whom ?
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva ordered the assault .
But the question is :
Who gave Abhisit , who responds to powerful figures within the Thai elite , the green light ?
The army command apparently did n't favour an assault on civilians and neither did the police , who largely favoured the Red Shirts .
General Prem Tinsulanonda , known as " Prem " to many Red Shirt partisans , is the most influential figure in the Royal Privy Council .
Some Red Shirts may well believe that Prem , whom they see as a master of intrigue , is the villain of the piece .
But what other Red Shirts mean by " Prem " includes others in positions of great authority .
Any suggestion that the King Bhumibol Adulyadej had something to do with the crackdown would be vehemently disputed by highly respected politician Anand Panyarachun .
Anand said that , in his experience as prime minister , King Bhumibol always observed the constitutional rules of the game .
He only provided advice " on request " and left it up to the political players to decide what to do .
" This is what happened in May 1992 , when he brought Chamlong and Suchinda [ the warring leaders ] together and said it would be desirable for them to do what was in the best interest of the people " , Anand says .
" He never specifies what is to be done . "
Whatever the role of the king in the recent tragedy — if indeed he had any role at all — the Thai public is now engaged in a more explicit discussion of the role of the monarchy , something that used to be shrouded with vague allusions .
Democracy and its discontents
How did Thailand get to this point ?
Perhaps the place to begin is May 1992 , when the dictatorship of General Suchinda Kraprayoon gave way to a new era of democratic governance .
Between 1992 and 1997 , elections produced three coalitions .
But these coalitions were parliamentary formations dominated by traditional party bosses and elites who delivered command votes , particularly in the rural areas , through their control of economic and bureaucratic sources of wealth .
Little was done to address the social grievances of the urban and rural poor .
As parliamentary democracy lost its lustre the economy barrelled along , with the Bangkok metropolitan area rapidly integrated into the global economy , via financial and production networks .
The 10 per cent GDP growth rate between 1985 and 1995 — the highest in the world , according to the World Bank — seemed impressive .
But it masked deepening inequalities : between Bangkok and the rest of the country , between the city and the countryside , among social classes .
Between 1988 and 1994 — the height of the boom that made Thailand Asia 's " fifth tiger " — the portion of household income going to the top 20 per cent of the population rose from 54 per cent to 57.5 per cent , while that going to the lowest 20 per cent fell from 4.6 per cent to 4 per cent .
In the 1960s , the income of the agricultural worker was one - sixth that of workers in other sectors ; by the early 1990s , it was down to one - twelfth .
Poverty became , as one economist said , " almost entirely a rural phenomenon " .
When the bottom fell off the Thai economy during the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 , the rural poor were suddenly joined in the ranks of the marginalised by almost 1 million
Thais , a great many of them members of the urban working classes .
And as globalisation went awry , parliamentary democracy fell into severe disrepute as Thai governments seemed powerless to protect the people they were elected to serve from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
In return for providing a $ 72 billion fund to pay off the country 's foreign creditors , the IMF imposed a very severe " reform " program that consisted of radically cutting expenditures , decreeing many corporations bankrupt , liberalising foreign investment laws , and privatising state enterprises .
When the government of Chaovalit Yongchaiyudh hesitated to adopt these measures , the IMF pressed for a change in government .
The second Chuan Leekpai government complied fully with the IMF , and for the next three years Thailand had a government accountable not to the people but to a foreign institution .
Not surprisingly , the government lost much of its credibility as the IMF 's demand - reducing measures plunged the country into recession and stagnation .
The two faces of Thaksin
It was at in these straitened circumstances that Thaksin Shinawatra , a talented manager , adept political entrepreneur and extremely effective communicator , achieved ascendancy .
As a businessperson Thaksin had benefited from globalisation owing to his firms ' monopolistic position in private telecommunications , one of the economy 's most globalised sectors .
Yet he sensed that the financial crisis catalysed popular fears about free - market globalisation , smoldering resentment at the urban and rural elites that seemed to be cornering the country 's wealth and anger at the international financial institutions .
On becoming prime minister in 2001 , Thaksin made a number of dazzling moves .
He paid off the country 's IMF loan and kicked the IMF out of Thailand , initiated a universal health - care system that allowed people to be treated for the equivalent of a dollar , imposed a moratorium on the payment of farmers ' debts and created a 1 million baht fund for each village which villagers could invest however they wanted .
This side of Thaksin won him a mass following among the country 's poor , marginalised and economically precarious sectors .
But there was another side to Thaksin , the side that most of his urban and rural poor followers chose to ignore .
Thaksin literally bought his political allies , constructing in the process a potent but subservient parliamentary coalition .
He used his office to enhance his wealth and that of his cronies .
He failed to distinguish public interest from private gain .
Thaksin appeared to have created the formula for a long stay in power supported by an electoral majority .
But then he overreached .
In January 2006 , his family sold its controlling stake in telecom conglomerate Shin Corporation for $ 1.87 billion to a Singapore government front called Temasek Holdings .
Before the sale , Thaksin had made sure the Revenue Department would interpret or modify the rules to exempt him from paying taxes .
This brought the enraged Bangkok middle class into the streets to demand his ouster .
Feeling mortally threatened by Thaksin 's effort to redraw the landscape of Thai politics , the Thai establishment jumped onto the anti-corruption bandwagon .
Unable to break Thaksin 's parliamentary majority or to achieve a critical mass on the streets to sweep him from power , the establishment pushed the military to oust Thaksin in September 2006 .
Coup and continuing crisis
The military was unable to restabilise the country , partly because of its own mistakes and partly because of Thaksin 's recalcitrant mass base .
The generals thus soured on direct rule .
When the post - coup military - sponsored regime exited , elections brought two pro-Thaksin parliamentary coalitions to power .
Frustrated at the polls , the elite -- middle class alliance resorted to direct action , the most infamous of which was the anti-Thaksin Yellow Shirts ' seizure of the new Suvanaphumi International Airport in December 2008 .
At the same time , the courts intervened to dissolve the dominant pro-Thaksin party , and Yellow Shirt politicians used coercion to detach some pro-Thaksin members and force them to join a new coalition centred around the minority Democrat Party , headed by Abhisit .
At that point , Thaksin 's followers realised that only by mounting a show of force on the streets like the Yellow Shirts could they restore their political position as the country 's majority power .
Street warfare in spring 2009 , which resulted in the cancellation of the ASEAN summit in Pattaya , failed to dislodge Abhisit .
But it proved to be a valuable dress rehearsal for the massive Red Shirt push that began in the middle of March this year .
Within an inch of victory ?
To many observers , the Red Shirts were within an inch of victory two weeks ago , when they managed to elicit a five - point reconciliation plan from Abhisit that included dissolving parliament in September and elections in November .
The government says hardliners among the Red Shirts sabotaged the agreement by demanding new conditions , aimed at making key government leaders accountable for the 20 - plus deaths in an earlier clash that took place on April 10 .
The Red Shirt leadership , on the other hand , claimed that the haste with which the government took back its offer and ended negotiations showed it had been merely using the negotiations to buy time for the military crackdown , which came on May 19 .
The surrender of the Red Shirt leadership and the repatriation of thousands of rural folk to their provinces will certainly not end the Red Shirt challenge .
According to one pro-Red Shirt academic , the disaffected military , police and government personnel that played a prominent role in the recent mobilisations will create a potent underground network that will provide leadership for the next phase of the struggle .
But the main push will come from the people themselves .
Thailand , it is clear , will never be the same again .
A taxi driver summed up where things stand at this point : " The Bangkok rich think we are stupid people , who can't be trusted with democratic choice .
We know what we 're doing .
So yes , they say Thaksin is corrupt .
But he 's for us and he 's proven it .
The Bangkok rich and middle classes see us as their enemy .
If they think we 're finished , they should think again .
This is not the end but the end of the beginning . "
[ Walden Bello is a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines and author of A Siamese Tragedy : Development and Disintegration in Modern Thailand ( London : Zed , 1998 ) .
This article is reposted from the Foreign Policy in Focus web site .
This work by Institute for Policy Studies is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License .
Based on a work at www.ips-dc.org.]
North Korea has promised to destroy those speakers with artillery shells .
A thousand mainly elderly South Koreans gathered to demand tougher retaliation and newspaper front pages are carrying stories about what message the Chinese Premier , Wen Jiabao , might have carried with him to Seoul late yesterday .
But the heat is already dying down south of the 38th parallel .
'' Some people worry about war , '' says Sunyoung Lee , a 43 - year - old photographer in Seoul .
'' But North Korea does n't have money , they can not do it . ''
While many residents in the South have numbed to the tantrums of their northern neighbours , this one has a new deadly edge .
Sinking the Cheonon is the North 's first major conventional attack on the South since the late 1960s , marking a major shift in the North 's risk calculus .
'' It does seem to be a very calculated attack , '' Peter Hayes , the executive director of the Nautilus Institute for Security and Sustainable Development , says .
'' Given Kim Jong-il is acutely aware that his conventional warfare capability is inferior in almost every respect , it shows that he thinks his nuclear capability can now compensate . ''
During much of the Cold War North Korea 's economy and military capability were stronger than the South and it could assume protection from China or the former Soviet Union .
But the Soviet Union backed away from Pyongyang in the 1980s and then collapsed , throwing its Stalinist satellite into a new era of strategic vulnerability .
Analysts say North Korea began developing its nuclear '' deterrent ' ' as its capacity to inflict unacceptable casualties through conventional means diminished .
Pyongyang agreed to Bill Clinton 's 1994 request to cease its nuclear program when faced with significant inducements and a real threat of American attack .
Kim Jong - il now appears to have correctly calculated that his adversaries are divided , their will for war is low and they will not risk a nuclear reply to an attack on the North .
The US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , promised in Seoul this week to work with South Korea to chart a course to the United Nations Security Council , which is little different from ineffective US responses to previous provocations from Pyongyang .
If the US is struggling to provide direction , then so too is China .
UK troops in Afghanistan to come under US command
There are currently 10,000 UK forces in Afghanistan About 8,000 British troops based in Helmand province in Afghanistan are to come under the operational command of the US , the Ministry of Defence says .
The move is part of a restructuring of Nato forces , with command and control in southern Afghanistan split into two .
The UK's Maj Gen Nick Carter will now oversee Kandahar , while Maj Gen Richard Mills from the US will take on Helmand .
Meanwhile , a British marine from 40 Commando Royal Marines has been killed in an explosion in Sangin .
The command of the 1,100 - strong British battle group based in Sangin - an area which has seen a number of UK deaths recently - and in Kajaki will also come under US - led force from 1 June .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Asked about the changes at a news conference in Berlin , Prime Minister David Cameron said the move " does make good sense in terms of maximising the impact of what both we and the Americans are doing in the southern part of the country , which is absolutely vital " .
" British and American troops have been working together in many theatres over many decades and do n't have a problem working together , " he said .
The changes were announced by Maj Gen Gordon Messenger , who told a news conference in central London that the changes made " complete sense " and were " welcome " .
" The span and complexity of the command challenge in southern Afghanistan has increased enormously in recent months and these changes provide the best command support to the troops on the ground , " he added .
' Closely involved ' ANALYSIS Jonathan Beale , BBC defence correspondent
This change in command structure for southern Afghanistan makes military sense .
Nato commanders agree - with a recent influx of US forces there are now too many troops in too big an area for just one command .
There have also been two separate military operations going on in Helmand and Kandahar .
Nor is there any real political controversy over the fact a US two - star general will take charge of British troops in Helmand .
In the past they have come under Dutch and Canadian command .
General Stanley McChrystal has long stated that he is " nation - blind " when it comes to Nato forces .
That is not to say there are national sensitivities .
The British are keen to point out that in future the command of Helmand will rotate between American and British generals .
There may also be controversial changes ahead .
Nato commanders have been debating whether there are enough troops in Sangin - where British forces have suffered heavy casualties .
Sangin and Kajaki have now been transferred to the control of a US - led force .
It raises the question as to whether US troops will reinforce or even eventually replace British troops there .
Restructuring of Nato forces
Asked if the change meant Britain was effectively giving up its responsibilities and handing them over to the US , Maj Gen Messenger said that was " simply not the case " .
He said : " This is us doing exactly the same job as we have been doing up to now , under slightly different arrangements .
" The whole business of a greater American presence is a reflection of the scale of the challenges that the British have faced in Helmand . "
Maj Gen Messenger said Britain had been " closely involved " in the preparations for the change , stressing : " It in no way indicates that things have been going wrong previously . "
The UK force level in Afghanistan is currently 9,500 , but with special forces totals some 10,000 .
BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale previously reported how the recent influx of American forces meant there were now too many troops in too large a geographical area for just one command .
Meanwhile , footballer David Beckham is on his way to Helmand in a surprise visit to British troops .
The 35 - year - old former England captain said he had " nothing but admiration " for UK troops who were doing an " amazing job ... in very difficult conditions " and made him " very proud to be British " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Time to go back to the cloister
FOR Tibet 's rebellious monastic community , the earthquake that killed more than 2,000 people in a remote county on the Tibetan plateau on April 14th became a rare opportunity to forge some trust with the government of China .
In an unspoken truce , the authorities allowed monks from far and wide to to join the relief efforts .
Chinese troops watched impassively as columns of red-robed Buddhists bearing the flags of their monasteries deployed near the epicentre .
But mutual suspicions have been quick to resurface .
The devastation struck Yushu , a county in Qinghai province , which Tibetans view as part of their historic territory .
The government has seen the recovery efforts here as a chance to show its care for an ethnic minority suffused with misgivings about Chinese rule .
The prime minister , Wen Jiabao , delayed an overseas trip and the president , Hu Jintao , cut short a trip of his own to fly to the disaster area and be photographed with grieving Tibetans .
Just as it did after a far more destructive earthquake in Sichuan province in 2008 , the government declared a national day of mourning , which was observed on April 21st .
But official goodwill has its limits .
Tibetan areas , including Qinghai , had been under a security clampdown since March 2008 , when anti-Chinese protests and riots flared across the plateau .
The government is still in no mood to give leeway to Tibetan dissenters who , it fears , might seize on any inadequacies in the relief mission to whip up public anger .
One of China 's senior leaders , Jia Qinglin , said on April 19th that “ hostile elements abroad ” — often code for the Dalai Lama and his supporters — were trying to “ sabotage ” the relief work .
Four days later , police in Qinghai 's capital , Xining , detained a prominent Tibetan intellectual , Tagyal ( he has a single name , as do many Tibetans ) .
He had joined seven others in signing an open letter to residents of the disaster area .
It referred to the earthquake as another blow to Tibetans ; on top of “ armed force and cruelty ” .
And it urged people to give donations only to “ trustworthy ” agencies — implying that government bodies are too prone to corruption .
Tagyal 's letter seems to have been the last straw .
The authorities were already enraged by a book he wrote under his pen name , which he had been circulating informally in the past few weeks .
“ The Line Between Sky and Earth ” praises the activism of monks during the Tibetan unrest of 2008 and calls for passive resistance as a way of pressing for more freedoms .
Its message was particularly striking because Tagyal had been regarded by many Tibetans as someone who shared official China 's disdain for Tibetan religion .
Police have informed Tagyal 's family that he is suspected of “ inciting separatism ” .
Concerns about his book might have helped to inspire a campaign the government launched to prevent “ illegal publications ” from disturbing the relief effort .
The authorities have reason to worry about the loyalties of this earthquake 's survivors .
Some have been scrabbling in ruins to recover photographs of the Dalai Lama .
The government has ignored the exiled Tibetan leader 's suggestion that he be allowed to visit Yushu .
Woeser , a Tibetan writer living in Beijing , says survivors become excited whenever they spot an aeroplane overhead , hoping the Dalai Lama might be on board .
Monks , unfettered by the altitude sickness suffered by many of the emergency workers sent from other parts of China , made valiant contributions to the rescue .
But the government appears to have lost patience with them .
Within a week of the earthquake , officials were making it clear that those from outside the county should return to their monasteries .
Woeser says that many monks have decided to play safe and withdraw .
Home > Nanotechnology Columns > Neil Gordon > America Needs a New Strategy for Safe Drinking Water
Neil Gordon
CEO
Early Warning Inc
Abstract :
An estimated 19.5 million Americans , representing about 7 % of the entire US population , got sick last year from drinking water containing pathogenic bacteria , viruses and parasites .
Countless more consumed water with cancer - causing chemicals , radioactive substances , and nuclear materials .
Pathogens and toxins are ending up in tap water from ineffective treatment of contaminated source water , infiltration of contaminants through broken water mains , an absence of government regulations that require drinking water to be adequately tested for multiple pathogens and hundreds of toxic materials , and a lax enforcement of regulations by government officials that allowed over 94 % of Clean Water Act violators to avoid fines or significant punishments .
Current trends suggest that the problems will intensify .
An increase in America 's population and related water - intensive industries such as food processing will require even more contaminant - free water , while at the same time pristine water sources are depleting .
Maintaining the status quo will likely lead to a greater number of illnesses from an aging population with an increasing number of sick , immuno - compromised , and malnourished who are less able to fight off pathogens and toxins .
This will place a greater burden on the health care system .
Rebuilding under-capacity water treatment plants and deteriorating water distribution infrastructure will take decades and approach a trillion dollars nationally in the next 20 years .
A more cost - effective solution is to implement a new generation of nanotechnology - based inline sensors that rapidly detect a diverse suite of pathogens and toxins , along with updated regulations and meaningful enforcement .
This will allow water operators to more quickly identify dangerous contaminants and take actions to prevent contaminated water from reaching consumers .
With a network of sensors providing precise information about the sources of infiltration , water administrators would be able to prioritize major infrastructure projects by measuring the potential health benefit versus the cost of prospective investments .
May 2nd , 2010 America Needs a New Strategy for Safe Drinking Water
How safe is America 's water ?
The quality of America 's water was described in a series of articles by Charles Duhigg of the New York Times .
According to Charles , " an estimated 19.5 million Americans fall ill each year from drinking water contaminated with parasites , bacteria or viruses . "
The occurrence of illnesses from drinking water is 10 times higher than the 1.8 million reported cases combined from all 54 notifiable diseases in the US listed in C.D.C.'s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
At the current rate each American will get sick from drinking pathogens in their water on average once every 15 years and 5 times in their life .
Because we are dealing with averages , some people will get sick more than 5 times and some less often , and the severity of illnesses will vary from person to person .
People can become extremely sick by swallowing just few living pathogens since they rapidly reproduce once inside a host organism .
Charles also reported that " Americans become sick from swimming in waters containing the kind of pollution often linked to untreated sewage , including 4 million swimmers last year just in California . "
This comes to about 11 % of California 's population .
Illnesses can also result unknowingly when pathogens are consumed by eating fresh fruits or vegetables washed in contaminated water , showering in water transmitting pathogens previously collected on showerheads , or breathing air containing contaminated water droplets sprayed from cooling towers , mist machines , humidifiers , whirlpool spas , and hot springs .
The above statistics for drinking water illnesses from pathogens do not include the effects of consuming poisonous chemicals , radioactive substances and nuclear materials ( CRNs ) found in drinking water .
Unlike pathogens which make people sick in days or hours , toxic CRNs cause cancers and diseases in years and are more difficult to link to water .
The National Research Council of the National Academies reported that " the identified number of waterborne disease outbreaks is considered an underestimate because not all outbreaks are recognized , investigated , or reported to health authorities . "
Something is severely wrong when so many people get sick each year after consuming potable water that meets safety standards set by E.P.A. for water treatment , distribution , and testing .
The high morbidity rate clearly indicates that there are major flaws in the US public water system , which is considered to be among the safest in the world .
Contaminants are surviving water treatment plants
Chlorination is the most common method used to sanitize pathogens in drinking water .
Chlorination can give a false sense of security as parasites such as Cryptosporidia and Giardia lamblia , and viruses like Hepatitis A and E , Rotavirus , Norovirus , Poliovirus and Echovirus can be viable even when water is chlorinated .
Chemicals used for chlorinating water can produce carcinogenic by - products like trihalomethanes ( THMs ) and haloacetic acids ( HAAs ) which could be more dangerous to human health than the pathogens which were intended to be killed .
Chlorination levels can be reduced to minimize by - product production but this also lessens the ability to kill bacteria .
Other sanitation methods such as ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation , ozonation , and ultrafiltration are effective on all types of pathogens , although ozonation can produce bromated trihalmethane , another carcinogen , and ultrafiltration requires expensive filters to be regularly cleaned and / or changed .
Unlike chlorination , these alternative methods are not cheap as they require a lot of energy to use .
Water treatment plants are principally designed for sanitizing pathogens and most have limited capabilities for treating the wide range of CRNs that could be present in water sources .
Most municipalities have treatment plants designed for specific source water compositions that existed long before changes in population and industry .
This leaves drinking water vulnerable to many new CRNs that began entering the water decades after the treatment plants were built .
Contaminants are infiltrating aging and poorly maintained water mains
Contaminants can enter the drinking water supply through openings in broken pipes that deliver treated water to consumers .
Cities with aging or broken water mains , new developments that have left dead ends in the old water network , and pipelines connected to wells can allow contaminants to access the water supply .
Michael Cooper of the New York Times reported that " there are 240,000 water main breaks every year in the United States .
Pipes installed after World War II have an average life of 75 years . "
Some mature cities .
such as " Washington , DC where the average water main age is 76 years " according to Charles , have as much as 50 % of its pipes exceeding their useful life and are at high risk of rupturing .
Pathogen sources can include storm runoff , industrial and agricultural by - products , leaking septic tanks , untreated waste from infected animals and people , and cemeteries .
In 2000 , heavy rains brought livestock manure laden with E.coli O157:H7 and Campylobacter jejuni bacteria into Walkerton , Ontario 's water supply .
Half of the town 's 5,000 residents were sickened and 7 died .
Following the incident , it was found that 25 miles of the town 's pipeline were filled with biofilms that became a breeding ground for E.coli and other pathogens to obtain nutrients and reproduce .
E.coli contained in biofilms are extremely resistant to chlorine , and can be released into the drinking water distribution network when there is a significant pressure change in the water system caused by an industrial plant turning on a production process or a fire hydrant being opened .
Contamination from cross-connections and back - siphonage is a major cause of contaminants spreading through the distribution network .
Drinking water treatment plants using UV and ozone sanitation provide no protection against pathogens that infiltrate the water distribution network , whereas chlorine compounds reside in the water and continue to disinfect .
Therefore a single sanitization method can have limited benefits for killing pathogens .
Regulations do not require testing for numerous pathogens and hundreds of toxic chemicals
The E.P.A. does not require drinking water to be tested for pathogens even though pathogens sicken 1 in 15 Americans each year .
E.P.A.'s more limiting regulation , the Total Coliform Rule ( TCR ) , calls for the monitoring of total coliforms , fecal coliforms and / or generic E.coli .
These indicator organisms do not detect the presence of parasites , viruses and non-fecal bacteria which make up the majority of the waterborne pathogens listed by the World Health Organization .
TCR also requires a minimum number of water samples be taken based on the population being served by a water system .
This varies from 1 water sample per month for populations under 1,000 , to 1 or more samples per day for every 100,000 people served .
Based on an average of 2 daily test samples per 100,000 people , a mandated water sample size of 0.026 gallons ( 100 milliliters ) , and 242 million people served by the public water system , then approximately 126 gallons of water are sampled per day .
Compared with the 43 billion gallons supplied each day , there are about 3 gallons of water sampled for every billion gallons of water used to meet the TCR regulation .
This sample size can be compared to testing 20 people from the world 's 6.6 billion population , and is so small it is statistically limited in value .
To put the sample size in perspective , if as little as 1/10th of 1 % of the 43 billion gallons of daily water was contaminated and pathogens were undetected from the 126 gallons collected , then 43 million gallons of contaminated water would be distributed through the public water system every day .
This may account for the large number of pathogen illnesses .
One of the reasons for the incredibly low sampling rate is the high cost to travel to each sampling station and then collect , transport , prepare , incubate , culture and interpret water samples .
The decades - old cell culturing technology for detecting Coliforms or indicator E.coli can take several days or weeks to get results and then repeat the steps to confirm a positive reading .
As treated drinking water can reach consumers in little as 6 to 18 hours , contaminated water will be consumed long before the test results are known .
Real time instruments are available for measuring turbidity and counting particles but cannot distinguish pathogens from harmless heterotrophic bacteria or other materials present in the water that can outnumber pathogens by a million to 1 .
Regarding the testing for chemicals , Charles reported that " only 91 contaminants are regulated by the Safe Drinking Water Act , though more than 60,000 chemicals are used within the United States .
Governments and other scientists have identified hundreds of chemicals that are linked to diseases in small concentrations that are either unregulated in drinking water or are policed at limits that pose serious health problems . "
Violators of water regulations are not being held accountable
In terms of the effectiveness of existing regulations , Charles cited that " the Clean Water Act has been violated 506,000 times since 2004 , by more than 23,000 companies and other facilities .
Fewer than 6 percent of all Clean Water Act violations and fewer than 8 percent of water systems that violated the arsenic and radioactive standards resulted in fines or other significant punishments by state or federal officials . "
The Clean Water Act covers drinking water supplied to 62 % of Americans .
Charles added that " the remaining 38 % or 117 million Americans get their drinking water from sources excluded from the Clean Water Act .
This leaves 45 % of major water polluters outside of regulatory reach from spilling oil , carcinogens and dangerous bacteria into lakes , rivers and other waters , and not being prosecuted . "
The future clearly points to water quality getting worse
The major trends impacting water quality include the following :
• Demand for clean water is increasing - With greater life expectancy and needed immigration , the US Census Bureau projects the country 's population will increase from the current 307 million to 392 million by 2050 .
A larger US population will require more drinking water , more clean water for food production , which is the biggest use of water , and more industrial water .
As there are less pristine water sources available , Americans will need to make greater use of polluted source water for drinking and food .
Reclaimed water with raw sewage is increasingly added to drinking water when clean source water is in short supply , as in Orange County , California .
Efforts to reduce water consumption through conservation , and to develop new sources such as desalinating ocean water , are unlikely to offset the rise in demand .
• More contaminants are entering the water supply -
As a result of a larger population , more waste will be returned to the water supply .
This includes human feces , feces from farm animals , manure for crops , output from slaughterhouses , rotting food and compost , industrial biowaste , decaying forests , pesticides , pharmaceuticals , industrial chemicals , by - products from power plants , fluids from cars , trucks and airplanes , discarded batteries , arsenic , heavy metals and more .
Livestock is a particular concern as liquid manure is typically untreated and if not properly managed , live pathogens can end up in source waters used for drinking .
According to an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) publication , raw manure shed by farm animals contains the following range of pathogens : pigs ( 5 - 20 % Cryptosporidium , 7 - 22 % Salmonella , 1 - 10 % Yersinia , 1.5 - 9 % pathogenic E.coli ) ; cattle ( 13 % Salmonella , 3.5 % pathogenic E.coli ) ; calves ( 20 - 90 % Cryptosporidium , 57 - 97 % Giardia ) ; sheep ( 8 - 40 % Cryptosporidium , 4 - 15 % Salmonella , 2 % pathogenic E.coli ) ; poultry ( 9 % Cryptosporidium ) ; and waterfowl ( 13 - 100 % Cryptosporidium , 6 - 50 % Giardia , 1 - 10 % Campylobacter ) .
• Capacity of water treatment plants and distribution networks cannot keep up with demand - Drinking water and wastewater treatment plants and water distribution networks can barely keep up with demand in many cities .
Charles reported that " rain causes a rising tide throughout Brooklyn 's sewers , where untreated feces and industrial waste overwhelm treatment plants and spill into the Upper New York Bay .
Sometimes all it takes is 20 minutes of rain to get overflows across Brooklyn . "
Severe storms , tornados and hurricanes have overwhelmed the water system in many cities such as New Orleans which was infiltrated with pathogens after Hurricane Katrina .
The increased use of recycled wastewater and new pollutants such as human growth hormones will further stress an already overworked water system , along with its plant operators and regulators .
• More people living in the US will be vulnerable to illnesses and diseases - With an increase in population including elderly , immuno - compromised , poor , malnourished , and illegal aliens with existing health problems , there will be more people in the US who are unable to fight off illnesses from pathogens and toxins .
When Cryptosporidium entered Milwaukee 's water system in 1993 and caused a cryptosporidiosis outbreak that resulted in over 400,000 cases of serious illness , most of the 100 deaths were AIDS patients .
A greater population of vulnerable people will directly lead to an increase in illnesses and diseases including deaths linked to consuming waterborne contaminants .
Safe drinking water options are expensive and limited
The simplest course of action is to maintain the status quo .
The current 19.5 million illnesses from drinking water containing pathogens , plus additional illnesses and cancers from other contaminants will very likely increase when more vulnerable people consume a greater amount of contaminated water .
With the US government taking over health care responsibilities , the additional financial burden and negative publicity from outbreaks should make the status quo unsustainable in the coming years .
Safe drinking water responsibility can potentially be passed on from government agencies to consumers by mandating the home use of water sanitizing devices , testing kits , and / or bottled water .
While Point - of - Use water sanitizing devices are becoming more popular among the affluent and health conscious , it is very unlikely that the poor and vulnerable who need clean water the most can afford to pay the additional costs for securing their own safe drinking water by giving up other essentials .
Bottled water , which can be over 100 times more expensive than tap water , is not a cost - effective alternative .
A lack of regulations for bottled water along with the added pollution from discarded plastic containers , make bottled water an unattractive alternative to tap water .
Another option is to invest in new water treatment plants and distribution infrastructure .
Charles reported that " a significant water line bursts every two minutes somewhere in the country .
For decades , water systems - some built around the time of the Civil War - have been ignored .
$ 335 billion would be needed to maintain the nation 's tap water systems in coming decades .
Another $ 400 billion in extra spending is needed over the next decade to fix the nation 's sewer infrastructure . "
While actual costs tend to be higher than estimates , plus new water systems like desalination of ocean water may be needed to provide additional clean source water , the real price for new infrastructure might be approaching $ 1 trillion in the next 20 years .
Charles also reported that " it will take 300 years to replace Washington DC 's water network with current water taxes .
This would be reduced to 100 years with an increase in water taxes that DC voters do not want . "
Unless a considerable amount of money can be committed and supported by taxpayers , a critical mass of new infrastructure is unlikely .
A faster and less costly way to reduce the incidence of drinking water illnesses is to deploy a network of inline sensors that rapidly detect a large number of specific pathogens and contaminants .
With this timely information , water plant operators can take appropriate actions to prevent contaminated drinking water from reaching consumers .
Automated instruments would sample and test water throughout the distribution network and eliminate the need for technicians to manually collect samples and then transport water to laboratories for time - intensive testing .
Automated sampling and testing would shave days off of current methods .
Inline pathogen and CRN sensors would also test a much greater volume of water by collecting larger samples , and conducting tests more frequently and at more locations to greatly exceed current regulations .
Permanent sensors would be placed in strategic locations in the distribution network and mobile sensors would be used to pinpoint the sources of infiltration so expensive infrastructure work and immediate repairs could be prioritized .
To be cost - effective , sensors would detect multiple pathogens and contaminants at the same time rather than indicator organisms in single culture tests .
Test results would be sent electronically to water utility operators for rapid action , and posted online as soon as validated results are available so consumers could gain visibility about the safety of their drinking water and violators could be held accountable .
Following a decade of research , breakthroughs in nanotechnology - based biosensors and chemical sensors are around the corner and will be available for commercial use in the coming years .
These sensors are activated by a biological or chemical reaction when target materials are present in the water and cause a change in properties such as mass , temperature , oxygen content , color , or electrical current .
Low concentrations of dangerous contaminants produce minute changes in properties that can be measured by the extremely sensitive nanotechnology - based sensors .
Because of their tiny size , many nano - sensors can fit on the same device to allow multiple pathogens and toxins to be detected at the same time .
Sensor outputs can converted to electrical signals and communicated wirelessly to operators and allow them to take immediate actions to prevent the spread of contaminants before they reach consumers .
As a result , a new option is available in the coming years that can have a major impact on reducing drinking water morbidity , health care costs , and water sampling and testing costs .
Morbidity impact and cost factors favor inline multi-pathogen and CRN sensors
An estimate is provided below of the relative costs for drinking water actions and the associated impact on morbidity rates .
Relative costs and impact on morbidity rates for drinking water actions
Nanotechnology - based inline sensors that rapidly detect a diverse suite of pathogens and toxins offer a new cost - effective method for safe drinking water .
Field instruments making use of pathogen and CRN nano - sensors will allow water operators to more quickly identify dangerous contaminants and take actions to prevent contaminated water from reaching consumers .
With a network of sensors providing precise information about the sources of infiltration , water administrators would be able to prioritize major infrastructure projects by measuring the potential health benefit versus the cost of prospective investments .
Government has a key role to play by being the early adopter of these emerging sensing technologies and implementing new regulations that mandate the frequent testing of a comprehensive suite of pathogens and CRN toxins .
With the onset of further illnesses , it is a matter of time before the water industry takes advantage of automated sensing technologies that have benefitted many other manufacturing and service industries worldwide .
Neil GordonPresident & CEOEarly WarningCopyright 2010 © Neil Gordon -- The author thanks Garry Palmateer for his comments and review .
Bookmark :
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ford of Europe 's motorsport senior manager Gerard Quinn says he does not expect the deepwater oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico to harm the relationship between Ford and BP .
The leak happened when a drilling rig , the Deepwater Horizon , caught fire and sank , killing 11 workers .
BP was leasing the rig off the coast of Louisiana and could now face a bill as high as £ 13.6 bn to clean the oil up .
The damaged oil well is still pouring 210,000 gallons of oil a day into the Gulf Coast .
The British oil firm is the title sponsor of the Ford World Rally Team and Quinn said they were focused on the bigger picture of the catastrophic environmental effects of the leak .
" This is a much bigger picture than just for the rally , " said Quinn .
" This is a global catastrophe and to say it 's going to impact one part of the business , for example : rally , it 's too early to say .
I hope in the longer term , it wo n't .
BP is pro-actively involved with the [ United States ] government to sort it out .
" We have a very close association [ with BP ] and we have to make an assessment of what 's going on .
BP has had this disaster , they 'll have to work through it and we will have to work through it with them on how it impacts on our relationship .
It 's too early to pre-empt anything , but I would like to think it wo n't affect our partnership . "
Stephen Gowans
May 27 , 2010
While the South Korean government announced on May 20 that it has overwhelming evidence that one of its warships was sunk by a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine , there is , in fact , no direct link between North Korea and the sunken ship .
And it seems very unlikely that North Korea had anything to do with it .
That ’s not my conclusion .
It ’s the conclusion of Won See-hoon , director of South Korea ’s National Intelligence .
Won told a South Korean parliamentary committee in early April , less than two weeks after the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , sank in waters off Baengnyeong Island , that there was no evidence linking North Korea to the Cheonan ’s sinking . ( 1 )
South Korea ’s Defense Minister Kim
Tae - young backed him up , pointing out that the Cheonan ’s crew had not detected a torpedo ( 2 ) , while Lee Ki-sik , head of the marine operations office at the South Korean joint chiefs of staff agreed that “ No North Korean warships have been detected …( in ) the waters where the accident took place . ” ( 3 )
Notice he said “ accident . ”
Defense Ministry officials added that they had not detected any North Korean submarines in the area at the time of the incident .
( 4 ) According to Lee , “ We did n’t detect any movement by North Korean submarines near ” the area where the Cheonan went down . ( 5 )
When speculation persisted that the Cheonan had been sunk by a North Korean torpedo , the Defense Ministry called another press conference to reiterate “ there was no unusual North Korean activities detected at the time of the disaster . ” ( 6 )
A ministry spokesman , Won Tae - jae , told reporters that “ With regard to this case , no particular activities by North Korean submarines or semi-submarines …have been verified .
I am saying again that there were no activities that could be directly linked to ” the Cheonan ’s sinking . ( 7 )
Rear Admiral Lee , the head of the marine operations office , added that , “ We closely watched the movement of the North ’s vessels , including submarines and semi-submersibles , at the time of the sinking .
But military did not detect any North Korean submarines near the country ’s western sea border . ” ( 8 )
North Korea has vehemently denied any involvement in the sinking .
So , a North Korean submarine is now said to have fired a torpedo which sank the Cheonan , but in the immediate aftermath of the sinking the South Korean navy detected no North Korean naval vessels , including submarines , in the area .
Indeed , immediately following the incident defense minister Lee ruled out a North Korean torpedo attack , noting that a torpedo would have been spotted , and no torpedo had been spotted . ( 9 )
The case gets weaker still .
It ’s unlikely that a single torpedo could split a 1,200 ton warship in two .
Baek Seung - joo , an analyst with the Korea Institute for Defense Analysis says that “ If a single torpedo or floating mine causes a naval patrol vessel to split in half and sink , we will have to rewrite our military doctrine . ” ( 10 )
The Cheonan sank in shallow , rapidly running , waters , in which it ’s virtually impossible for submarines to operate .
“ Some people are pointing the finger at North Korea , ” notes Song Young - moo , a former South Korean navy chief of staff , “ but anyone with knowledge about the waters where the shipwreck occurred would not draw that conclusion so easily . ” ( 11 )
Contrary to what looks like an improbable North - Korea - torpedo - hypothesis , the evidence points to the Cheonan splitting in two and sinking because it ran aground upon a reef , a real possibility given the shallow waters in which the warship was operating .
According to Go Yeong - jae , the South Korean Coast Guard captain who rescued 56 of the stricken warship ’s crew , he “ received an order … that a naval patrol vessel had run aground in the waters 1.2 miles to the southwest of Baengnyeong Island , and that we were to move there quickly to rescue them . ” ( 12 )
So how is it that what looked like no North Korean involvement in the Cheonan ’s sinking , according to the South Korean military in the days immediately following the incident , has now become , one and half months later , an open and shut case of North Korean aggression , according to government - appointed investigators ?
The answer has much to do with the electoral fortunes of South Korea ’s ruling Grand National Party , and the party ’s need to marshal support for a tougher stance on the North .
Lurking in the wings are US arms manufacturers who stand to profit if South Korean president Lee Myung - bak wins public backing for beefed up spending on sonar equipment and warships to deter a North Korean threat – all the more likely with the Cheonan incident chalked up to North Korean aggression .
Lee is a North Korea - phobe who prefers a confrontational stance toward his neighbor to the north to the policy of peaceful coexistence and growing cooperation favored by his recent predecessors ( and by Pyongyang , as well .
It ’s worth mentioning that North Korea supports a policy of peace and cooperation .
South Korea , under its hawkish president , does not . )
Fabricating a case against the North serves Lee in a number of ways .
If voters in the South can be persuaded that the North is indeed a menace – and it looks like this is exactly what is happening – Lee ’s hawkish policies will be embraced as the right ones for present circumstances .
This will prove immeasurably helpful in upcoming mayoral and gubernatorial elections in June .
What ’s more , Lee ’s foreign policy rests on the goal of forcing the collapse of North Korea .
When he took office in February 2008 , he set about reversing a 10 - year - old policy of unconditional aid to the North .
He has also refused to move ahead on cross - border economic projects .
( 13 )
The claim that the sinking of the Cheonan is due to an unprovoked North Korean torpedo attack makes it easier for Lee to drum up support for his confrontational stance .
Finally , the RAND Corporation is urging South Korea to buy sensors to detect North Korean submarines and more warships to intercept North Korean naval vessels .
( 14 )
An unequivocal US - lackey – protesters have called the security perimeter around Lee ’s office “ the U.S. state of South Korea ” ( 15 ) – Lee would be pleased to hand US corporations fat contracts to furnish the South Korean military with more hardware .
The United States , too , has motivations to fabricate a case against North Korea .
One is to justify the continued presence , 65 years after the end of WWII , of US troops on Japanese soil .
Many Japanese bristle at what is effectively a permanent occupation of their country by more than a token contingent of US troops .
There are 60,000 US soldiers , airmen and sailors in Japan .
Washington , and the Japanese government – which , when it is n’t willingly collaborating with its own occupiers , is forced into submission by the considerable leverage Washington exercises — justifies the US troop presence through the sheer sophistry of presenting North Korea as an ongoing threat .
The claim that North Korea sunk the Cheonan in an unprovoked attack strengthens Washington ’s case for occupation .
Not surprisingly , US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton has seized on the Cheonan incident to underline “ the importance of the America - Japanese alliance , and the presence of American troops on Japanese soil . ” ( 16 )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Given these political realities , it comes as no surprise that from the start members of Lee ’s party blamed the sinking of the Cheonan on a North Korean torpedo , ( 17 ) just as members of the Bush administration immediately blamed 9/11 on Saddam Hussein , and then proceeded to look for evidence to substantiate their case , in the hopes of justifying an already planned invasion .
( Later , the Bush administration fabricated an intelligence dossier on Iraq ’s banned weapons . )
In fact , the reason the ministry of defense felt the need to reiterate there was no evidence of a North Korean link was the persistent speculation of GNP politicians that North Korea was the culprit .
Lee himself , ever hostile to his northern neighbor , said his “ intuition ” told him that North Korea was to blame .
( 18 ) Today , opposition parties accuse Lee of using “ red scare ” tactics to garner support as the June 2 elections draw near .
( 19 ) And leaders of South Korea ’s four main opposition parties , as well as a number of civil groups , have issued a joint statement denouncing the government ’s findings as untrustworthy .
Woo Sang - ho , a spokesman for South Korea ’s Democratic Party has called the probe results “ insufficient proof and questioned whether the North was involved at all . ” ( 20 )
Lee announced , even before the inquiry rendered its findings , that a task force will be launched to overhaul the national security system and bulk up the military to prepare itself for threats from North Korea .
( 21 )
He even prepared a package of sanctions against the North in the event the inquiry confirmed what his intuition told him .
( 22 ) No wonder civil society groups denounced the inquiry ’s findings , arguing that “ The probe started after the conclusions had already been drawn . ” ( 23 )
Jung Sung - ki , a staff reporter for The Korean Times , has raised a number of questions about the inquiry ’s findings .
The inquiry concluded that “ two North Korean submarines , one 300 - ton Sango class and the other 130 - ton Yeono class , were involved in the attack .
Under the cover of the Sango class , the midget Yeono class submarine approached the Cheonan and launched the CHT - 02D torpedo manufactured by North Korea . ”
But “ ’ Sango class submarines … do not have an advanced system to guide homing weapons , ’ an expert at a missile manufacturer told The Korea Times on condition of anonymity .
‘ If a smaller class submarine was involved , there is a bigger question mark . ’ ” ( 24 )
“ Rear Adm .
Moon Byung - ok , spokesman for [ the official inquiry ] told reporters , ‘ We confirmed that two submarines left their base two or three days prior to the attack and returned to the port two or three days after the assault . ’”
But earlier “ South Korean and U.S. military authorities confirmed several times that there had been no sign of North Korean infiltration in the ” area in which the Cheonan went down . ( 25 )
“ In addition , Moon ’s team reversed its position on whether or not there was a column of water following an air bubble effect ” ( caused by an underwater explosion . )
“ Earlier , the team said there were no sailors who had witnessed a column of water .
But during [ a ] briefing session , the team said a soldier onshore at Baengnyeong Island witnessed ‘ an approximately 100 - meter - high pillar of white , ’ adding that the phenomenon was consistent with a shockwave and bubble effect . ” ( 26 )
The inquiry produced a torpedo propeller recovered by fishing vessels that it said perfectly match the schematics of a North Korean torpedo .
“ But it seemed that the collected parts had been corroding at least for several months . ” ( 27 )
Finally , the investigators “ claim the Korean word written on the driving shaft of the propeller parts was same as that seen on a North Korean torpedo discovered by the South … seven years ago . ”
But the “ ’ word is not inscribed on the part but written on it , ’ an analyst said , adding that “ ’ the lettering issue is dubious . ’ ” ( 28 )
On August 2 , 1964 , the United States announced that three North Vietnamese torpedo boats had launched an unprovoked attacked on the USS Maddox , a US Navy destroyer , in the Gulf of Tonkin .
The incident handed US president Lyndon Johnson the Congressional support he needed to step up military intervention in Vietnam .
In 1971 , the New York Times reported that the Pentagon Papers , a secret Pentagon report , revealed that the incident had been faked to provide a pretext for escalated military intervention .
There had been no attack .
The Cheonan incident has all the markings of another Gulf of Tonkin incident .
And as usual , the aggressor is accusing the intended victim of an unprovoked attack to justify a policy of aggression under the pretext of self - defense .
1. Kang Hyun-kyung , “ Ruling camp differs over NK involvement in disaster ” , The Korea Times , April 7 , 2010 .
2. Nicole Finnemann , “ The sinking of the Cheonan ” , Korea Economic Institute , April 1 , 2010 .
http://newsmanager.commpartners.com/kei/issues/2010-04-01/1.html
3. “ Military leadership adding to Cheonan chaos with contradictory statements ” , The Hankyoreh , March 31 , 2010 .
4. “ Birds or North Korean midget submarine ? ” The Korea Times , April 16 , 2010 .
5. Ibid .
6. “ Military plays down N.K. foul play ” , The Korea Herald , April 2 , 2010 .
7. Ibid .
8 . “ No subs near Cheonan : Ministry ” , JoongAng Daily , April 2 , 2010 .
9. Jean H. Lee , “ South Korea says mine from the North may have sunk warship ” , The Washington Post , March 30 , 2010 .
10 . “ What caused the Cheonan to sink ? ” The Chosun Ilbo , March 29 , 2010 .
11 . Ibid .
12 . “ Military leadership adding to Cheonan chaos with contradictory statements ” , The Hankyoreh , March 31 , 2010 .
13 . Blaine Harden , “ Brawl Near Koreas ’ Border , ” The Washington Post , December 3 , 2008 .
14 . “ Kim So-hyun , “ A touchstone of Lee ’s leadership ” , The Korea Herald , May 13 , 2010 .
15 . The New York Times , June 12 , 2008 .
16 . Mark Landler , “ Clinton condemns attack on South Korean Ship ” , The New York Times , May 21 , 2010 .
17 . Kang Hyun- kyung , “ Ruling camp differs over NK involvement in disaster ” , The Korea Times , April 7 , 2010 .
18 . “ Kim So-hyun , “ A touchstone of Lee ’s leadership ” , Korea Herald , May 13 , 2010 .
19 . Kang Hyun- kyung , “ Ruling camp differs over NK involvement in disaster ” , The Korea Times , April 7 , 2010 ; Choe Sang - Hun , “ South Korean sailors say blast that sank their ship came from outside vessel ” , The New York Times , April 8 , 2010 .
20 . Cho Jae-eun , “ Probe satisfies some , others have doubts ” , JoongAng Daily , May 21 , 2010 .
21 . “ Kim So-hyun , “ A touchstone of Lee ’s leadership ” , The Korea Herald , May 13 , 2010 .
22 . “ Seoul prepares sanctions over Cheonan sinking ” , The Choson Ilbo , May 13 , 2010 .
23 . Cho Jae-eun , “ Probe satisfies some , others have doubts ” , JoongAng Daily , May 21 , 2010 .
24 . Jung Sung - ki , “ Questions raised about ‘ smoking gun ’ ” , The Korea Times , May 20 , 2010 .
25 . Ibid .
26 . Ibid .
27 . Ibid .
28 . Ibid .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Last week I was pointed in the direction of some paintings by French Spiritualist artist Augustin Lesage ( 1876-1954 ) .
Lesage is one of the most fascinating figures associated with Art Brut , yet I can’t find an English bio for him anywhere on the web .
The one on Wikipédia Français is fanciful , but it sure makes me want to believe every word !
According to Wikipédia Français , Lesage was born in Saint - Pierre - lez - Auchel in northern France , and spent his early life as a laborer in the coal mines .
Then one evening in 1911 , when he was thirty - five years old , he heard a voice underground that told him “ One day , you will be a painter . ”
A year later , partly through his involvement in Spiritualist circles , Lesage began communicating via automatic writing with “ spirits , ” including one he believed to be his sister Mary who had died in childhood .
The spirits told him ,
The voices you heard were real .
You will be a painter .
Fear not , and heed our advice .
You will find it ridiculous in the beginning , but we are the ones tracing through your hand .
Do not try to understand .
The voices proceeded to tell him which colors and brushes to buy , and where to order a canvas .
Lesage ordered a small canvas , but when it arrived , it measured three meters square .
He wanted to cut it into smaller pieces , but the voices stopped him .
For the next two years , he came home from the mines every night and went to work , letting the spirits guide his hand .
He began in the upper right corner and gradually filled the entire canvas ( which is now in Jean Dubuffet ’s Collection de l’Art Brut in Lausanne ) .
The composition was built by filling in small areas at a time .
The spirits did not let him evaluate the work in its entirety : part of the canvas remained rolled as they guided his hand .
“ It was like working without working , ” the artist recalled .
In July of 1913 , Lesage interrupted his work in the mines to do some faith healing ; a move that got him in hot water with French authorities who charged him with illegally practicing medicine .
The testimony of his dozens of successful clients helped acquit him in 1914 and later that year he was deployed for WWI , where he continued to make drawings on postcards .
In the years following the war , Augustin Lesage was visited by Jean Meyer , director of the Spiritualist journal La Revue Spirite .
Meyer became his patron , and in 1923 Lesage was able to quit working in the mines and devote himself to painting .
Like the paintings themselves , Lesage ’s position within art history is peculiar .
Though held in high esteem by the Surrealists , Lesage ’s legacy is strong but obscure : of the 800 canvases he left behind , most have seldom been exhibited abroad .
English - speaking audiences are hard pressed to find any information on the artist .
( I just ordered a French exhibition catalogue from a 1988 retrospective . )
Lesage ’s patterns are unmistakable .
After noting the symmetry of the first large canvas , he began organizing his compositions along a central axis , building complex geometric structures in horizontal layers from the center outward .
An article by Christian Delacampagne quoted on Lesage ’s Wikipédia article states ( my translation ) :
The first large painting of Augustin Lesage is one of the most daring in modern art .
Although not , strictly speaking , non-figurative ( figures both architectural and anthropomorphic abound ) , it explores almost all possibilities of abstraction — lyrical as well as geometric — at a time when the latter , among professional artists , was still in its infancy .
They are no less ornamental and decorative than the works of Kandinsky , Lesage ’s spiritual contemporary .
Indeed , is the distance so great between the the Theosophy dear to the Russian artist and the Spiritualism embraced by the French ?
The former hearkens to Rudolf Steiner , the latter to Léon Denis .
Augustin Lesage ’s “ classical period ” is the period between 1916 and 1927 , when he painted his most representative works .
A growing fascination with Egypt , natural forms , and the ornamental traditions of various cultures gave Lesage a newfound source of conscious influence , diluting the purity of his earlier compositions and creating images that appear more self - conscious and perhaps less directly inspired .
Lesage continued painting until failing eyesight and health forced him to resign in 1952 , less than two years before his death .
All images via Shawna - bo - bonna ’s Flickr photostream .
Thanks to Shaun Kardinal for sending me the images , via butdoesitfloat.com .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Art , Psychology , Sacred Geometry , Spirituality
Tags : Art Brut , Augustin Lesage , automatic writing , outsider art , Spiritualism
A woman in Thailand has killed herself by jumping into a pit full of crocodiles in front of scores of horrified tourists .
She scaled a high fence and jumped into the concrete enclosure at the Samut Prakarn Crocodile Farm on the outskirts of the capital , Bangkok .
She just jumped into the pond without a word .
The moment the crocodile grabbed her body , she even hugged onto him
Park guide Thanes Wiriyaporn
Visitors looked on in shock as the woman was dragged into a pond and dismembered .
" She did not cry or scream when she was bitten , " said a tour guide .
" It happened so quickly .
Nobody could do anything . "
Police said the woman left a suicide note in which she complained about her husband and apologised to members of her family .
Gruesome death
The woman , identified in media reports as Somjai Setabul , was seized by one crocodile and then swarmed by more than 100 others , witnesses said .
Workers at the park were only able to look on helplessly as she was torn apart .
They were finally able to retrieve her body about 20 minutes later .
Park guide
Thanes Wiriyaporn said the incident took place around feeding time , when the tourists were purchasing buckets of chicken parts to give to the crocodiles .
" Just right in front of me , she just jumped into the pond without a word .
The moment the crocodile grabbed her body , she even hugged onto him , " he said .
Charoon Yangprapakorn , one of farm 's executives , insisted that the park has very strict safety measures .
The last suicide happened 10 years ago , but every year there have been several attempts which park officials have been able to prevent , he said .
" But this woman showed no sign of depression or absentmindedness like the others did , so nobody noticed her at all . "
The Samut Prakarn Crocodile Farm , just south of the capital , is a popular tourist attraction and claims to be the biggest such park in the world , housing 60,000 crocodiles .
Renowned French architect Jean Nouvel has been revealed as the tenth designer to invent a structure for the Serpentine Gallery .
Following in the footsteps of Zaha Hadid , Daniel Libeskind , Oscar Niemeyer , Rem Koolhaas , Olafur Eliasson and Frank Gehry , Nouvel ’s design consists of a bright red structure constructed from steel , glass plastic and fabric , including table tennis tables and a 12 m wall at a gravity - defying angle .
The Serpentine Gallery holds an annual competition for an architect who has never built in the UK to design a temporary structure on the Serpentine lawn .
There is no budget for the project and it must be completed in 6 months from invitation .
Although Nouvel has never completed a project on UK soil , his current project ‘ One New Change ’ is currently under construction in the centre of London .
Pritzker Prize winner Jean Nouvel made the headlines recently when Prince Charles tried to remove him from ‘ One New Change ’ , a £ 500 million office and retail development to the east of St. Paul ’s Cathedral .
The Prince of Wales expressed concern that the distinctive building would detract from the neighbouring cathedral ; however , Nouvel has used red , grey , and beige anti-reflective glass to avoid distracting too much attention from the landmark .
Via : worldarchitecturenews
" So every time you make a major statement we have to ask you whether it 's carefully prepared and scripted or something on the fly ? "
Kerry O'Brien leaned back at this point , a widening of the eyes indicating the first strainings of belief .
The backward tilt of the head had the quiet calculation of a toying cobra .
The past week has offered a masterclass in political interrogation .
First lesson , that the tempo and tone of the interview needs to be adjusted according to the character of the subject .
Rudd's " mate " moment last week came under provocation , the climax of a mutually belligerent exchange that ended when the PM tipped into either near - homicidal rage or forthright self defence , the difference being in the eye of the beholder .
Last night was different , not so much sweaty sparring as a stern , slightly avuncular , head masterly , chat .
Tony would be lured inevitably to his stumbling demise , the interviewer playing on his subject 's hope that he could duck what seemed the inevitable Saturday detention , if not a brisk six strokes , if he spoke with apparent candour .
" Seriously , this is a very serious question ... "
Yes , Kerry it was .
" All of us Kerry when we are in the heat of verbal combat so to speak will sometimes say things that go a little bit further . "
Oh dear .
" How are we to know when we 're hearing your true position and when you 're fudging the truth ? "
How indeed ?
O'Brien had done more than extract a slip - up on detail , or a fumbled confession .
Abbott had gone close to giving the whole game away .
The potency of the moment hangs on the suggestion of a very generally held suspicion : we all know that not all liars are politicians , but we suspect with an increasing sense of certainty ( and with the possible exception , at his own insistence , of Anthony Albanese ) that all politicians are liars .
And this seems to matter , if the Prime Minister 's recent travails in the polls are any guide , Rudd 's post CPRS slide in standing having a lot to do with a lingering sense of deception and broken trust .
With Rudd slipping , Abbott presents us all with a neat dilemma : how much more should you trust the politician honest enough to admit that he is at times a liar ?
This was worthy of lengthy philosophic inquiry .
Instead it brought only the morning 's hastily contrived media spectacle , with various Liberal politicians insisting that Abbott had merely given clinching proof of his conviction to honesty , while the last trusted voices in then government - the anti-Rudd tones of Gillard and Tanner - pounced on the specifics of Abbott 's admission , that sometimes you could credit what he said , other times not .
Could we trust either side 's version ?
The answer is probably not .
Modern politics , like a piece of impromptu theatre , involves a suspension of disbelief .
Tony as good as told us last night .
And it seems the inevitable consequence when politicians , as Abbott said , can only be believed when scripted , if at all .
Meantime , the voting public plods on , investing its faith in promises it knows are probably pie crusts .
Could this be why when Rudd slumps , Abbott gains nothing ?
Both houses plagued by this a sense of electoral ennui and disgusted mistrust ?
" Most of us know when we 're talking to people or when we 're listening to people , I think we know when we can put absolute weight on what 's being said and when it 's just the give and take of standard conversation . "
Well no Tony , most of us conduct ourselves in life from a starting point of fairly straightforward sincerity .
Our day - to - day conversations are in fact built on trust and simple truth ; to behave otherwise is to set life and its relationships on something shakier than a house of cards .
Unless of course you are entrusted , by an honest , hopeful , vote of the people to address the challenges of national government .
Or aim to be .
Then , it seems , you can lie through your teeth .
Jonathan Green is the editor of The Drum .
Nickie Antonio , an out lesbian , Democrat and Lakewood city councilwoman , will be running unopposed for state representative of Ohio District 13 .
Jeremy Caldwell , who was running as an independent , dropped out of the race Friday , May 14 .
Antonio will be the first out member of the Ohio Legislature .
0.000000 0.000000
Last year , Beluga Shipping discovered that there 's money in global warming .
Beluga is a German firm that specializes in " super heavy lift " transport .
Its vessels are equipped with massive cranes , allowing it to load and unload massive objects , like multi-ton propeller blades for wind turbines .
It is an enormously expensive business , but last summer , Beluga executives hit upon an interesting way to save money : Shipping freight over a melting Arctic .
Beluga had received contracts to send materials on a sprawling trip that would begin in Ulsan , South Korea , head north and west to the Russian port city of Archangelsk – located near the border with Finland – and wind up in Nigeria .
Normally , this route requires Beluga 's ships to navigate a 11,000 - mile route through the Suez Canal .
But in 2008 , executives for Beluga Shipping decided that global warming had eroded the Arctic 's summer sea ice significantly enough that their ships could travel the [ Northeast Passage ] ( file://localhost/C/%5CUsers%5CTal%5CDesktop%5C2009-10-17-Heavy-Lift-PFI-Beluga-Ships.pdf ) ( pdf ) along the north coast of Russia .
Previously , a cargo ship could only safely navigate that route if an icebreaker went ahead , smashing a route through thick ice .
Now , a warming climate had – for six to eight weeks beginning in July – transformed much of the route into mostly open water , studded with ice floes that the Beluga ships could navigate .
So its executives got permission from the Russian government to travel along the coast , paid a transit fee of " a comparably moderate five - digit figure , " and sent the ships on their way .
Four months later , they 'd finished the trip .
Compared to the old Suez Canal journey , this shorter route saved an enormous pile of money :
It cost $ 300,000 less per ship in lower fuel and bunker costs .
Global warming had boosted the company 's revenues by more than half a million dollars in one year alone .
When I interviewed Beluga CEO Niels Stolberg via email this spring , he said he envisions using the Northeast Passage regularly .
Indeed , he 's planning on another trip this summer .
He said that since the shorter passage requires generating far less C02 , it's " greener " ; it 's also more ironic , since it was high concentrations of C02 that helped melt the route in the first place .
" I am convinced , " Stolberg added , " that the Arctic will become an area of quite regular sea traffic at least during summer . "
If you looked merely at the realm of politics , it would be easy to believe that the question , " Is climate change really happening ? " is still unresolved .
In recent months , skeptics have attacked climate science with renewed vigor .
Doubters seized on " Climategate " – leaked emails from bickering atmospheric scientists – to argue that the evidence in favor of warming is being cooked .
Other skeptics unearthed shoddy parts of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's main report , such as the fact that it cited non-peer - reviewed work by an activist group when it predicted that the Himalayan glaciers would melt by 2035 .
And all along , conservative politicians have hissingly denounced global warming as a shady liberal scheme : Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma has famously called it " the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people . "
These attacks appear to be working .
A spring Gallup study found that Americans ' concern over global warming peaked two years ago , and has steadily declined since .
But there 's one area where doubt has n't grown – and where , indeed , people are more and more certain that climate change is not only real , but imminent :
The world of industry and commerce .
Companies , of course , exist to make money .
That 's often what makes them seem so rapacious .
But their primal greed also plants them inevitably in the " reality - based community . "
If a firm 's bottom line is going to be affected by a changing climate – say , when its supply chains dry up because of drought , or its real estate gets swamped by sea - level rise – then it does n't particularly matter whether or not the executives want to believe in climate change .
Railing at scientists for massaging tree - ring statistics wo n't stop the globe from warming if the globe is actually , you know , warming .
The same applies in reverse , as the folks at Beluga Shipping adroitly realized :
If there are serious bucks to be made from the changing climate , then the free market is almost certainly going to jump at it .
This makes capitalism a curiously bracing mechanism for cutting through ideological haze and manufactured doubt .
Politicians or pundits can distort or cherry - pick climate science any way they want to try and gain temporary influence with the public .
But any serious industrialist who 's facing " climate exposure " – as it's now called by money managers – cannot afford to engage in that sort of self - delusion .
Spend a couple of hours wandering through the websites of various industrial associations – aluminum manufacturers , real - estate agents , wineries , agribusinesses , take your pick – and you 'll find straightforward statements about the grim reality of climate change that would n't seem out of place coming from Greenpeace .
Last year Wall Street analysts issued 214 reports assessing the potential risks and opportunities that will come out of a warming world .
One by McKinsey & Co. argued that climate change will shake up industries with the same force that mobile phones reshaped communications .
Consider , as one colorful example , the skiing industry .
Beginning ten years ago , the Aspen Skiing Company began noticing that European ski lodges were being slowly destroyed by warmer weather .
Europe 's ski resorts tend to be located on lower mountains – about 6,000 - 8,000 feet high , compared to American peaks up around 11,000 feet – so they 're vulnerable to even extremely tiny increases in global temperature .
The 2 percent rise in the 20th century was enough " to put a lot of them out of business , " says Auden Schendler , executive director of sustainability for the Aspen Skiing Company , which operates two resorts spread across four mountains .
But now Aspen 's own season is getting shorter : " More balmy Novembers , more rainy Marches , " Schendler says .
" That 's what we 're seeing , and that 's what the science suggests would happen .
If you graph frost - free days , there are more and more in the last 30 years . "
Climate - change models also predict warmer nights .
Aspen Skiing has noticed that happening too , and the problem here is that nighttime is when ski lodges use their water - spraying technology to make snow – " and if you make it when it 's warmer it 's exponentially more expensive . "
The increasing volatility of weather overall – another prediction of climate change – poses a particular danger for ski resorts , because they operate in the red most of the year , making up their deficit during the ultra busy spring break in March .
So if the weather is terrific for the entire winter but suddenly balmy during March break , that can ruin the whole fiscal year .
Schendler has also learned firsthand a point that climate scientists have been making for some time :
With climate change , " warming " is n't the only – or even the most serious – challenge .
The sheer interdependence of complex ecosystems systems can grease you .
For example , recent droughts in Utah have kicked up red dust clouds that settle on Aspen 's snow .
This makes the snow melt more quickly ( because the red absorbs more heat from the sun ) while also making it too gritty to ski on .
Are all Aspen Skiing 's recent weather problems caused by global warming ?
It 's impossible to tell .
But as Schendler notes , the last few years certainly mimic the precise effects that climate models predict , so it is at least a taste of what 's to come .
During a recent dust storm on Aspen 's slopes , Schendler 's boss wandered into his office looking morose .
" He said , ' Auden , if climate change is the scary thing for the future , this is the apocalypse now .
What if you get this in March ? ' ''
Schendler recalls .
Now , all this tricky weather has n't exactly destroyed Aspen Skiing ; the firm could probably survive even worse stuff .
The top of the mountain is so high " we can ski it in 50 years and it'll be great , " Schendler notes .
But it could certainly erode Aspen 's profits , and Colorado would suffer :
The ski industry overall is a $ 2 billion business for the state , employing fully 8 percent of the workforce .
So to try and preserve its profit margins , the Aspen Skiing Company has recently become a loud voice in favor of congressional action on the climate .
In 2007 , Schendler testified before the House Subcommittee on Energy and the Environment , calling for a cap on carbon emissions – among other things .
" Our attitude when we go to Congress is , look , we 're a business ! " he adds .
" We did n't ask for this .
We just started looking at the data and the science dispassionately and said , look , we 've got a problem . "
Another industry that can't pretend climate change is a myth is insurance .
Insurance firms have always carefully studied real - world data to figure out what , precisely , constitutes a risky activity .
As a result , they were among the first to notice that weather was getting more violent , and more unpredictably so .
" It 's just a logical consequence , " says Peter Hoppe , head of the " Geo Risks Research " division of Munich Re , the multinational reinsurance firm .
" Global warming affects our core business .
We have seen changes already in some readings . "
Worldwide , Munich
Re has found that " great catastrophes " – act - of - god weather events that cause more than a billion dollars of damage – have tripled since 1950 .
In 2008 , even though there were n't any Katrina - level disasters , weather - related events were so severe that " catastrophic losses " to the world 's economy were the third - highest in recorded history , topping $ 200 billion globally – including $ 40 billion in the United States .
Hoppe does n't think global warming is all to blame ; some of these events are likely due to natural cycles like the 30 - year " North Atlantic Oscillation " that is currently warming the Atlantic .
But Munich
Re 's policy is that anthropogenic global warming is already making things worse , and that governments ought to act quickly while they still can .
Granted , a warming globe is n't just downside for insurance firms .
There are also profitable new business opportunities , as Hoppe points out .
Munich
Re is now offering coverage for renewable energy products , because wind farms and solar parks need insurance against the possibility that low wind and weak sunlight will reduce their output .
" It 's very important for investors to dampen and level out the volatility from season to season , " Hoppe says .
Munich
Re has also developed a product to cover solar cells that wear out before their expected 30 - year lifetime .
Buying insurance against bad weather is n't entirely new .
Farmers have done it for years .
But back in the late '90s , before Enron imploded , it created a huge new market of selling " weather futures " to electric utilities – hedges that would pay out if , say , a mild summer hurt their sales ( because people would use less air conditioning . )
After Enron pancaked , weather futures stayed around – still mostly for utilities and farms – but buying them was n't easy :
You had to personally contact one of the few weather - futures traders who'd set up their own trading desks in the wake of Enron 's dissolution .
But with climate - change models predicting increasingly erratic weather , a new generations of startups is heading into the field , figuring that almost any firm might want to hedge against the bad economic effects of weather – such as clothing manufacturers ( who could suffer massive losses in coat sales if an unexpectedly mild winter emerges ) airlines ( since weather is the top cause of delays ) or sporting - event promoters ( when it 's rainy , everyone stays away ) .
Weatherbill is one such startup .
Founded three and a half years ago by Google expatriates , it lets anyone use their website to quickly create weather insurance for almost anything .
Type in the thing you 're trying to insure – say , an Iowa county fair in the third week of July – and the Weatherbill system calculates the probability of what the local weather will be like up to two years out , down to a 100 - mile - wide area .
It then uses that guess to instantly price a weather future or insurance contract .
CEO Dave Friedberg told me Weatherbill had already sold contracts to the likes of the US Open , and that he envisions worldwide opportunities : Global agriculture suffers billions in weather - related losses each year , for example , yet many countries do n't have any institutions offering easy weather insurance .
That 's especially true for countries likely to be the first to experience the dire consequences of climate change , such as coastal regions of Asia or Latin America .
" If you think about [ Brazil ] ( file://localhost/Library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/br.html ) , their two biggest industries are mining and agriculture , " Friedberg says .
" That 's billions of dollars , and there 's a massive market for developing crop insurance .
If we can figure out agriculture and do it right , the opportunity is huge to go country by country . "
Does he believe that global warming is already noticeable ?
" Oh yeah , " he says .
In just the three years that Weatherbill has been collecting data , extreme weather events have risen 8 percent .
One of the big political questions of climate change is how far we 've gone :
Have we passed a tipping point of no return ?
Has the atmosphere already accumulated such high levels of greenhouse gases that even if we manage to cut back on emissions , we 'll still wind up with a globe so much hotter that everyday life will change significantly ?
One emerging sector built on the assumption that we have is the " adaptation marketplace " – firms offering new products and services to help companies and cities cope with changes .
A 2009 study by Oxfam identified seven potentially lucrative adaptation areas , such as water management and disaster preparation ; one firm in this field – the Minneapolis - based Pentair Inc. , which makes pumps and filtration systems – has soared to $ 3.35 billion in annual revenues , partly due to contracts from the Army Corps of Engineers to provide massive pumps that will protect New Orleans against another Katrina .
Another firm , North Carolina 's WeatherPredict , has developed a technique to [ retrofit roofs with aerodynamic edges ] ( file://localhost / viewer ) , reducing the damage they sustain in hurricane winds .
Firms that produce genetically engineered crops are also predicting they 'll reap profits from climate change : Monsanto , Bayer , BASF , and their sister firms have registered 55 worldwide patents for " climate ready " seeds designed to thrive in conditions of drought or other stress , according to a2008 report by ETC Group , an environmental advocacy organization .
Will all this climate - propelled economic activity be good for the planet ?
Sure , it can be satisfying to see some major CEOs agree that climate change is a real and present danger .
But many environmentalists predict that the flurry of new economic activity will create its own new problems .
The melting Arctic , in particular , gives many observers the willies .
It 's likely to see an explosion in seabed oil - and - gas exploration and tourism .
( Cargo shipping , interestingly , is likely to increase at a slower rate , partly because cargo ships ferrying " just in time " products can't abide the delays that even small ice floes would cause – and nobody thinks the Arctic will be * entirely * ice - free for 100 years or more . )
Arctic experts – and the Navy – predict a catastrophe the first time a tourist vessel or oil tanker hits an iceberg and cracks up .
" Tourist vessels are n't ice - hardened , and in the polar regions " there 's no search and rescue or salvage , " standing by says Lawson Brigham , a University of Alaska professor who chaired the Arctic Marine Shipping Assessment , a four - year study of how the commercial activity will progress in the warming north .
" The water 's near freezing .
All you need is one good Titanic . "
Other realms of climate - change commerce are n't much prettier when you look at them closely .
In agriculture , the advent of climate - ready crops is clearly useful , maybe even crucial , for adaption .
But it also concentrates ever more power in the hands of a small coterie of firms that own the patents to drought - resistant seeds , and the cost could cause serious hardship in the desperately poor countries of Asia or Africa , where the seeds might be most needed .
And it's also true that the number of climate visionaries in industry is still quite small .
Certainly , companies with skin in the game are preparing for a warmer world .
But as the McKinsey report found , they 're in the minority .
The grand majority are deeply myopic , focused narrowly on goosing profits in the next quarter – who cares what 'll happen ten years from now ?
In a sense , that makes them mildly agnostic force .
When climate change finally does impinge on their business , they 'll probably take action to adapt to it .
But it also means that if they can see a short - term profit from fighting against climate science and sowing doubt , they 'll do that , too .
This is precisely what 's still happening in the energy industry , where many firms that pay lip service to the reality of climate change also quietly funnel millions to lobbyists who fight ferociously to prevent Congress from passing laws that curtail C02 emissions .
" We all know big companies who are doing all this green stuff , and their lobbyists are trying to kill the carbon bill as quickly as they can , " says Mindy Lubber , president of Boston - based CERES , an association of environment - minded investors whose members have $ 10 trillion under management .
It may be that the corrective force comes not from inside corporations , but from investors .
Many large investors , the California State Teachers ' Retirement System – the nation 's second largest public - pension fund – have begun demanding that firms examine and disclose any potential risks from global warming .
Shareholder resolutions demanding action on climate change have nearly doubled in the last two years , rising from about 55 in 2007 to 99 in 2009 , Lubber notes .
In February , the Securities and Exchange Commission issued guidelines requiring that publicly traded firms better disclose their climate - change risk , including potential " physical " risks .
( Read a live * Grist * forum on the new SEC regulations here . )
" Anyone that 's building out new manufacturing facilities without working out water shortages related to climate change is getting itself into trouble , " Lubber adds .
" Or anyone that 's building on waterfront property . "
Another common request from shareholder resolutions is for companies to calculate the cost of their carbon footprint .
Even if electric utilities and the US Chamber of Commerce are fighting against carbon - limiting legislation , investors seem to believe it is inevitable – indeed , they evidently think the government might cap carbon even in the next few years , which could dramatically increase the cost of electricity .
To make corporations true partners in tackling climate change , Lubber thinks investors need to push for basic changes in the way their companies function .
CEOs whose bonuses are based on bumping next - quarter results will make short - term decisions .
Those who are paid based on reducing carbon usage will make long - term ones – investing in technology and processes that reduce greenhouse gases .
" If they 're compensated for producing 86 percent more widgets , they 'll do that .
But if they use less fuel , they ought to be compensated for meeting their carbon - reduction goals . "
In the short run , though , there 's probably only one force that will get today 's blithe firms to snap to attention – and that 's legislation .
If Congress actually puts a price on carbon , it 'll hit the world of industry with tsunamic force .
At minimum , it would probably goose the price of electricity and make emissions - heavy industries instantly less profitable .
( Indeed , this is one of the things the SEC and many investor groups are urging firms to do : calculate how badly they 'll be shellacked if new regulations make carbon expensive . )
Not everyone will be a loser .
The McKinsey study calculated that alternative - energy firms will do quite well ( for obvious reasons ) , but so will less - predictable sectors like the construction industry , as people rush to retrofit buildings with extra insulation and energy - saving rebuilds .
The farsighted firms – and the ones who work on the colder fringes of the world – can see the future clearly , because they 're living it .
But with the stroke of a pen , Obama can bring it a lot closer .
Whether it's a melting Arctic or a bold new law , the biggest forces shaping industry are , as it were , man-made .
This piece was produced by the Climate Desk collaboration .
* Image : Christoph Hitz
*
* Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for the New York Times Magazine and a columnist for Wired . *
We have revised our approach to linked data in VIAF .
Our original approach used an unusual naming convention for the resources being described ( in VIAF 's case the main resources so far are personae ) and exposed the information as a skos : Concept .
We wanted to retain the SKOS description ( suitably revised ) , but also want to describe the VIAF concept as FOAF and expose more of the VIAF data in a more ' native VIAF ' form .
We do this by minting some new URIs that the RDF describes :
http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184 is a viaf : NameAuthorityCluster ,
http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/#skos:Concept is a SKOS Concept
and http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/#foaf:Person is a FOAF Person .
You can retrieve several views of the VIAF clusters either through HTTP content negotiation or by explicitly asking from them .
Here are the main views :
http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184 is the ' real world object ' , a concept .
On resolution it does a 303 redirect to
http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/
The generic document .
From here you can do HTTP content negotiation for
text / html : http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/viaf.html
An HTML view of the cluster
text /xml : http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/viaf.xml
The raw XML of a VIAF cluster
application / marc21+xml : http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/marc21.xml
A MARC - 21 view
application / unimarc+xml : http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/unimarc.xml
UNIMARC
application / rdf+xml : http://viaf.org/viaf/99366184/rdf.xml
RDF as XML
The RDF is substantially changed .
Much of it describes a viaf : NameAuthorityCluster as laid out in http://viaf.org/viaf.owl and http://viaf.org/viaf.jpg.
There is still more to be done .
Some of the resources identified in the RDF do not resolve yet ( in particular the Authority Agency's ) , and some of the internal RDF URI 's are not legal URI 's because of character issues , but we think what we have is usable , and are interested in getting reactions to it .
Thanks to Jeff Young and Ralph LeVan who did most / all the work on data modeling and implementation and Andy Houghton who tries to keep us honest .
-- Th
The last time they had boxing at Yankee Stadium , well , you can understand why they 've waited until next Saturday night , almost 34 years later , to try it again .
The New York City police were on strike when Muhammad Ali fought Ken Norton on September 28 , 1976 .
Off - duty officers , according to next - day reports , blocked traffic and " encouraged roving bands of youths " to crash the gates .
" Roaming ...
bonecarver_OG
Guest
Posts : n/
a
i do the watering at this stage with a hand sprayer - making sure the coco around the rockwool has the same amount of humidity .
later on i dont think this is a problem if the clone roots well and after that i only water around the rockwool - trying to avoid to soak the rockwool since the roots that the plant uses to feed will be further down in the coco .
anyway still coco is a suchs an airiated medium that rot will in most cases no be a problem .
rockwool is also very good at that .
i normally transfer before or when i can see a bit of roots stick out .
i like transplanting when growing in pots .
the plants definetly like it too
i would try to increase the amount of water feed to the plants - so the run off goes up to about 10 % atleast .
this is to make sure the roots are only having fresh water and the old stagnated water with used up oxygen goes away .
also i want to stress how usefull it is to use a res with airstones for ur water .
peace i think its more steady if planting the rockwool plugs about 3/4 into the coco . i do the watering at this stage with a hand sprayer - making sure the coco around the rockwool has the same amount of humidity .
later on i dont think this is a problem if the clone roots well and after that i only water around the rockwool - trying to avoid to soak the rockwool since the roots that the plant uses to feed will be further down in the coco .
anyway still coco is a suchs an airiated medium that rot will in most cases no be a problem .
rockwool is also very good at that .
i normally transfer before or when i can see a bit of roots stick out .
i like transplanting when growing in pots .
the plants definetly like it tooi would try to increase the amount of water feed to the plants - so the run off goes up to about 10 % atleast .
this is to make sure the roots are only having fresh water and the old stagnated water with used up oxygen goes away .
also i want to stress how usefull it is to use a res with airstones for ur water .
peace Last edited by bonecarver_OG ; 01-08-2007 at 02:39 AM
..
Cynthia Dunbar does not have a high regard for her local schools .
She has called them unconstitutional , tyrannical and tools of perversion .
The conservative Texas lawyer has even likened sending children to her state 's schools to " throwing them in to the enemy 's flames " .
Her hostility runs so deep that she educated her own offspring at home and at private Christian establishments .
Now Dunbar is on the brink of fulfilling a promise to change all that , or at least point Texas schools toward salvation .
She is one of a clutch of Christian evangelists and social conservatives who have grasped control of the state 's education board .
This week they are expected to force through a new curriculum that is likely to shift what millions of American schoolchildren far beyond Texas learn about their history .
The board is to vote on a sweeping purge of alleged liberal bias in Texas school textbooks in favour of what Dunbar says really matters : a belief in America as a nation chosen by God as a beacon to the world , and free enterprise as the cornerstone of liberty and democracy .
" We are fighting for our children 's education and our nation 's future , " Dunbar said .
" In Texas we have certain statutory obligations to promote patriotism and to promote the free enterprise system .
There seems to have been a move away from a patriotic ideology .
There seems to be a denial that this was a nation founded under God .
We had to go back and make some corrections . "
Those corrections have prompted a blizzard of accusations of rewriting history and indoctrinating children by promoting rightwing views on religion , economics and guns while diminishing the science of evolution , the civil rights movement and the horrors of slavery .
Several changes include sidelining Thomas Jefferson , who favoured separation of church and state , while introducing a new focus on the " significant contributions " of pro-slavery Confederate leaders during the civil war .
The new curriculum asserts that " the right to keep and bear arms " is an important element of a democratic society .
Study of Sir Isaac Newton is dropped in favour of examining scientific advances through military technology .
There is also a suggestion that the anti-communist witch - hunt by Senator Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s may have been justified .
The education board has dropped references to the slave trade in favour of calling it the more innocuous " Atlantic triangular trade " , and recasts the Israeli - Palestinian conflict as driven by Islamic fundamentalism .
" There is a battle for the soul of education , " said Mavis Knight , a liberal member of the Texas education board .
" They 're trying to indoctrinate with American exceptionalism , the Christian founding of this country , the free enterprise system .
There are strands where the free enterprise system fits appropriately but they have stretched the concept of the free enterprise system back to medieval times .
The president of the Texas historical association could not find any documentation to support the stretching of the free enterprise system to ancient times but it made no difference . "
The curriculum has alarmed liberals across the country in part because Texas buys millions of text books every year , giving it considerable sway over what publishers print .
By some estimates , all but a handful of American states rely on text books written to meet the Texas curriculum .
The California legislature is considering a bill that would bar them from being used in the state 's schools .
In the past four years , Christian conservatives have won almost half the seats on the Texas education board and can rely on other Republicans for support on most issues .
They previously tried to require science teachers to address the " strengths and weaknesses " in the theory of evolution – a move critics regard as a back door to teaching creationism – but failed .
They have had more success in tackling history and social studies .
Dunbar backed amendments to the curriculum that portray the free enterprise system ( there is no mention of capitalism , deemed to be a tainted word ) as a cornerstone of liberty and argue that the government should have a minimal role in the economy .
One amendment requires that students be taught that economic prosperity requires " minimal government intrusion and taxation " .
Underpinning the changes is a particular view of religion .
Dunbar was elected to the state education board on the back of a campaign in which she argued for the teaching of creationism – euphemistically known as intelligent design – in science classes .
Two years ago , she published a book , One Nation Under God , in which she argued that the United States was ultimately governed by the scriptures .
" The only accurate method of ascertaining the intent of the founding fathers at the time of our government 's inception comes from a biblical worldview , " she wrote .
" We as a nation were intended by God to be a light set on a hill to serve as a beacon of hope and Christian charity to a lost and dying world . "
On the education board , Dunbar backed changes that include teaching the role the " Jewish Ten Commandments " played in " political and legal ideas " , and the study of the influence of Moses on the US constitution .
Dunbar says these are important steps to overturning what she believes is the myth of a separation between church and state in the US .
" There 's been this amorphous changing of how we look at religion and how we define religion within American history .
One concern I have is that the viewpoint of the founding fathers is very clear .
They were not against the promotion of religion .
I think it is important to present a historically accurate viewpoint to students , " she said .
On the face of it some of the changes are innocuous but critics say that closer scrutiny reveals a not - so - hidden agenda .
History students are now to be required to study documents , such as the Mayflower Compact , which instil the idea of America being founded as a Christian fundamentalist nation .
Knight and others do not question that religion was an important force in American history but they fear that it is being used as a Trojan horse by evangelists to insert religious indoctrination into the school curriculum .
They point to the wording of amendments such as that requiring students to " describe how religion and virtue contributed to the growth of representative government in the American colonies " .
Among the advisers the board brought in to help rewrite the curriculum is David Barton , the leader of WallBuilders which seeks to promote religion in history .
Barton has campaigned against the separation of church and state .
He argues that income tax should be abolished because it contradicts the bible .
Among his recommendations was that pupils should be taught that the declaration of independence establishes that the creator is at the heart of law , government and individual rights .
Conservatives have been accused of an assault on the history of civil rights .
One curriculum amendment describes the civil rights movement as creating " unrealistic expectations of equal outcomes " among minorities .
Another seeks to place Martin Luther King and the violent Black Panther movement as opposite sides of the same coin .
" We had a big discussion around that , " said Knight , a former teacher .
" It was an attempt to taint the civil rights movement .
They did the same by almost equating George Wallace [ the segregationist governor of Alabama in the mid-1960s ] with the civil rights movement and the things Martin Luther King Jr was trying to accomplish , as if Wallace was standing up for white civil rights .
That 's how slick they are .
" They 're very smooth at excluding the contributions of minorities into the curriculum .
It is as if they want to render minority groups totally invisible .
I think it 's racist .
I really do . "
The blizzard of amendments has produced the occasional farce .
Some figures have been sidelined because they are deemed to be socialist or un-American .
One of them is a children 's author , Bill Martin , who wrote a popular tale , Brown Bear , Brown Bear , What Do You See ?
Martin was purged from the curriculum when he was confused with an author with a similar name but a different book , Ethical Marxism .
If Nancy Drew were to actually celebrate a birthday , the sleuth would be nearly 100 years old today .
Luckily , for fans of the book series , the teenage detective remains the ever- curious teenager solving crimes in River Heights , USA .
It was 80 years ago that the first Nancy Drew book , “
The Secret of the Old Clock
, ” was published in April 1930 spawning some 300 books under the Carolyn Keene pseudonym .
Generations have grown up reading the series .
“ I think one of the great appeals of the series for kids and adults , who still love to read them , is that Nancy Drew is such a fun , adventurous , bold character .
She ’s out there making her way having a great time .
It ’s just so much fun as kids to read the books .
Nancy was always a good role model , ” said Jennifer Fisher , president and founder of the Nancy Drew Sleuths based in Arizona .
In celebration of Nancy Drew ’s milestone , publisher Grosset & Dunlap has released a special anniversary edition of “ The Secret of the Old Clock ” with a new cover design .
Nancy Drew was created by founder of The Hardy Boys series , Edward Stratemeyer , who aimed to create a collection of mystery books for girls .
In the books , Nancy wore heels and fashionable clothes suited to the times and displayed a sense of intelligence and substance .
While many prefer to read the original books , young readers are turning to the updated offshoot series , in which Nancy uses a cell phone and drives a hybrid car .
" I think a big part of updating her through the years is every generation has their Nancy , a Nancy who is more relevant to their generation , " Fisher said .
Jennifer Zeola , 23 , works at Fredricksen Library , Camp Hill : " I was probably in my early teens when I started reading Nancy Drew .
I was on the older side of the age group .
A friend of mine had the books and my mom had a few of the books .
My friend and I would do book swaps so she gave me her Nancy Drew books .
“ I loved the mysteries .
I liked that they were clean .
They had enough intrigue without being scary .
It was n’t like the television show ‘ CSI . ’
It was something much nicer but at the same time you could n’t guess what would happen at the end .
“ It ’s not like you had to read the content about what she ’s doing , what she ’s wearing and what she is doing with the boys .
A lot of the books today I see for young girls are n’t as clean .
“ Nancy is so timeless .
She has the intrigue , but it is something any generation is going to enjoy . ”
Catherine Lawrence , 38 , owner of Midtown Scholar Bookstore , Harrisburg : " I 'm sure I started reading the Nancy Drew books in kindergarten or first grade .
In second grade , that 's when my friends and I adopted Nancy Drew as our playground friends .
I think even then we teased apart the structures of the stories .
I played George even though I was not a tomboy .
“ We would all speak to each other in those standard phrases .
The jungle gym became the spiral staircase and the swing set was the place to escape where we could all meet up .
We would enlist other members of our class to be the cast but it was unbeknownst to them .
“ I remember Nancy as clever , curious and wanting to solve mysteries .
Now there are all kinds of collections for kids .
Personally , I think part of the interest was the characters were a little older but not in our time and place . ”
Debbie Beamer , 59 , owner Mechanicsburg Mystery Book Shop : " I would n't have opened a mystery book shop if I had n't read a Nancy Drew book .
I had a bunch of them when growing up but I was dumb because I did n't know if you loan them you do n't get them back .
“ I started reading them in about fourth or fifth grade .
It was probably the first non-kid book I got after the Bobbsey Twins .
I think when you are most interested in them is when you are a young lady .
I probably read them longer than a lot of other girls .
I found them very entertaining .
“ The Nancy Drew books have changed quite a bit .
You would n’t have caught Nancy Drew in a bikini .
Nowadays you do .
There is no way people who read the books today would believe them if she did n’t have the modern things she has like a cell phone .
“ She is everything somebody wants to be .
It ’s the idea that if she can do this , maybe I can , too .
“ I just think Nancy is something to aspire to .
She is quite a role model for young ladies even when the books first came out .
She was in your face and she gave young women something to aspire to . ”
Sam Marcus , 70 , owner of the Bookworm Bookstore at the West Shore Farmers Market in Lemoyne : " I read the Hardy Boys and the Bobbsey Twins .
I read all of them .
The books became classics for every generation because they offer nice , fun stories .
“ For me it was interesting .
Nancy Drew had nice little plots about someone my age could relate to and that ’s why they were so popular .
“ At the time , it was n’t a big deal that if you are girl you should read Nancy Drew and if you are a boy you should read the Hardy Boys .
Schools liked them and supported them .
It was a good way to read .
“ I just think the adventures in the stories , not necessarily the characters , were appealing .
The had nice story lines and they kept you going , and every one you picked up you knew you would enjoy . ”
And thus our true colours reveal .
IBM made a patent pledge in 2005 , promising not to sue open source projects over a list of 500 patents the computer giant holds .
Today , however , IBM has threatened to sue TurboHercules , a French open source software house which provides support for the Hercules open source s390 mainframe emulator .
Some of the patents in question are on the 500 list .
Even though the mainframe business is a declining industry , IBM still manages to keep its mainframe division lucrative .
A key part in its business strategy is to lock consumers into IBM ’s mainframes – the software and hardware are tightly integrated , and the license does not allow you to run the operating system on anything else but IBM ’s System Z hardware .
This means that you ca n’t easily migrate or port software over to other platforms ; nor can other hardware manufacturers build compatible hardware .
Enter Hercules , a System Z emulator .
It ’s open source , and allows you to migrate your mainframe applications over to common hardware .
Due to the licensing situation being rather murky , this was mostly a thing for enthusiasts .
In fact , IBM has always been relatively positive about Hercules , and even offered documentation about it .
TurboHercules has changed this .
The company employs a loophole in the licensing ; it reads that users may transfer the software to another system in case of mainframe failure .
TurboHercules markets itself as a disaster recovery tool using the Hercules open source emulator , and it would seem there ’s a market for that sort of thing .
IBM is n’t too happy about that .
It has now threatened to sue TurboHercules , stating that it violates a long “ non-exhaustive ” list of patents ( issued or merely applied for ) – two of which are also among the 500 patents IBM promised not to sue open source companies over .
TurboHercules ’ founder had earlier sought to resolve the situation , and had asked IBM if they could come up with a solution for the licensing issue together .
Florian Mueller , European anti-software patent activist , notes the hypocrisy of the situation .
“ After years of pretending to be a friend of Free and Open Source Software , IBM now shows its true colors , ” Mueller writes , “ IBM breaks the number one taboo of the FOSS community and shamelessly uses its patents against a well - respected FOSS project . ”
“ This proves that IBM ’s love for free and open source software ends where its business interests begin , ” he added , “ In market segments where IBM has nothing to lose , open source comes in handy and the developer community is courted and cherished .
In an area in which IBM generates massive revenues ( an estimated $ 25 billion annually just on mainframe software sales ! ) , any weapon will be brought into position against open source .
Even patents , which represent to open source what nuclear arms are in the physical world . ”
So , there you have it .
It would indeed seem that IBM only caters to the open source crowd when it has nothing to lose – when push comes to shove , and money ’s to be had , IBM does n’t appear to be too keen on open source at all .
Image caption Demonstrators told the prime minister to " go home "
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has apologised for not keeping an election promise to move a US military base from Okinawa .
Mr Hatoyama travelled to the island and met local governor Hirokazu Nakaima .
Like many locals , the governor is opposed to the US presence and said the prime minister 's decision would be " difficult to accept " .
Japan and the US , allies since the end of World War II , say the base is needed to guarantee regional security .
The prime minister promised to move the base off the island during the campaign for last year 's election which swept his Democratic Party of Japan to power .
But he said that after holding talks within Japan and with the US , the Futenma base had to remain on Okinawa although it would move to the less populated coastal district of Henoko - in line with a plan announced in 2006 .
Humiliating climbdown
He said that the base was needed because the " security environment in East Asia remains fragile " , pointing to heightened tensions in the Korean peninsula .
" I apologise to people in Okinawa as I could not keep to my word , " the prime minister said .
" I must tell you that your decision is extremely regrettable and very difficult to accept , " a grim - faced Mr Nakaima replied .
Outside , demonstrators chanted : " Hatoyama go home . "
Last month , nearly 100,000 people staged a protest on the southern island , demanding that the base be removed .
Islanders have been angered by incidents involving US troops based there , including the 1995 rape of a 12 - year - old Japanese girl and a helicopter crash in 2004 .
Other complaints have focused on noise levels and objections to the US military use of Japanese land .
The row has also damaged Tokyo's relationship with the US .
The BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says it is a humiliating climbdown for Mr Hatoyama .
Our correspondent says the search for an alternative location has proved fruitless .
Polls suggest Mr Hatoyama has been losing popularity in recent months and analysts say this decline is likely to be exacerbated by his U - turn over Okinawa .
Elections to the upper house of parliament are due in July .
At 27 — years — old , Neil Perota lives at home with his parents in Brooklyn , works for his father driving a school bus and weighs over 300 pounds .
Just two days before his sister ’s wedding , he suffers a heart attack , creating family chaos and forcing Neil to re—evaluate his life .
The next day , he heads upstate and buys a dilapidated trailer in the middle of nowhere with plans to kick his addiction to food in isolation .
Two hundred miles from the comforts of home , Neil learns how to compromise , love , and survive – and that change – real change – comes from within .
The connection to the database could not be established .
Please try back later .
“ Males basically have to attract and maintain the attention of females , ” Dr. McGrew said .
“ One way to do this is leaf clipping .
It makes a rasping sound .
Imagine tearing a piece of paper that ’s brittle or dry .
The sound is nothing spectacular , but it ’s distinctive . ”
O.K. , a distinctive sound .
Where does the sex come in ?
“ The male will pluck a leaf , or a set of leaves , and sit so the female can see him .
He spreads his legs so the female sees the erection , and he tears the leaf bit by bit down the midvein of the leaf , dropping the pieces as he detaches them .
Sometimes he ’ll do half a dozen leaves until she notices . ”
And then ?
“ Presumably she sees the erection and puts two and two together , and if she ’s interested , she ’ll typically approach and present her back side , and then they ’ll mate . ”
My first reaction , as a chauvinistic human , was to dismiss the technology as laughably primitive — too crude to even qualify as a proper sex tool .
But Dr. McGrew said it met anthropologists ’ definition of a tool : “ He ’s using a portable object to obtain a goal .
In this case , the goal is not food but mating . ”
Put that way , you might see this chimp as the equivalent of a human ( wearing pants , one hopes ) trying to attract women by driving around with a car thumping out 120 - decibel music .
But until researchers are able to find a woman who admits to being anything other than annoyed by guys in boom cars , these human tools must be considered evolutionary dead ends .
By contrast , the leaf - clipping chimps seem more advanced , practically debonair .
But it would be fairer to compare the clipped leaf with the most popular human sex tool , which we can now identify thanks to the academic research described last year by my colleague Michael Winerip .
The researchers found that the vibrator , considered taboo a few decades ago , had become one of the most common household appliances in the United States .
Slightly more than half of all women , and almost half of men , reported having used one , and they were n’t giving each other platonic massages .
For me , the 28th Fall album typifies John Peel 's truism ( now cliche ) that the Fall are " always different , always the same " .
There are moments on Your Future Our Clutter unlike any other Fall album , and yet the results are almost definitively Fall .
Some are saying this is the best Fall album in 20 years – but they 've said similar about the last three .
I 'm not sure it 's a classic up there with ( say ) Hex Enduction Hour , but it certainly contains moments of classic Fall .
The huge groove of Bury Pts 1 + 3 is already one of my favourite Fall tracks of all time ( not something you can say about many groups in their 34th year ) ; the weirdly emotional Weather Report 2 ( not tangibly anything to do with the similarly named 1970s jazz fusion combo ) is one of the most intriguing Fall songs in years .
I think it helps that this line - up of the Fall ( the 108th ? ) have now been together long enough to have been moulded ( " brainwashed " , as Mark E Smith puts it ) into the Fall way and have their own stamp .
It 's a rock - solid Fall album with unusual textures : their poppiest in ages but also their most avant garde .
If rumours that new label Domino initially rejected the album and sent the group back to the studio are true ( which Smith appears to confirm with Bury 's lyric " New way of recording , a chain around the neck " ) , the graft has been worth it .
With many later Fall albums , my initial delight has faded with successive plays .
This one is the opposite : I was n't sure I even liked it at first but repeated exposure has magnified its charms .
But what does everyone else think ?
I 'll be around all day to discuss the album with you , so have a listen on our free music - streaming widget ( courtesy of We7 ) and post your comments below .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Japan , like many countries across the globe , is facing huge challenges in caring for its aging population .
Its hospitals are stretched because there are not enough nurses to cope .
The low birth rate there means foreign workers need to be recruited but there is a widespread opposition to immigration in the country as many Japanese value an ethnically homogenous society .
For some , robots may be preferable to allowing foreigners to work there .
Roland Buerk reports from Osaka .
After almost two years of deliberation , the Federal Communications Commission has granted Hollywood and cable companies permission to shut down analog streams to HDTV equipped home theaters .
The geek term for this is " selectable output control " ( SOC ) — until now forbidden by the FCC .
The Motion Picture Association of America requested a waiver on the SOC ban in May of 2008 , arguing that without it , Hollywood studios could not securely offer consumers pre-DVD released movies on television .
" We conclude that the service that MPAA proposes would serve the public interest and that providers of first - run theatrical content are unlikely to offer the service absent the ability to activate SOC , " the agency 's Order , released on Friday , explains .
" While a waiver of the SOC prohibition will prevent consumers who rely on unprotected audiovisual outputs from accessing this service , we are convinced that in the absence of a waiver the service will not be offered at all . "
That " unprotected audiovisual outputs " bit means that it 's tough input jacks for consumers who bought early HDTV systems that did n't include digital connections like HDMI .
The studios want to limit output to digital because the scrambleable streams are less easy to illegally copy .
So analog only HDTV systems wo n't be able to get in on this early run movie action .
But the FCC did add some conditions to this waiver on the SOC ban .
Strings attached
First , these waiver windows will only last for 90 days after the first activation of the analog stream block , or until the retail release of the movie on some form of prerecorded media ( such as DVD or Blu - Ray ) — whichever cut - off date comes first .
The MPAA actually asked that the deadline " not include media formats comparable to the new Services , such as prerecorded media with restrictions on output to protected digital interfaces . "
The FCC saw this for what it was — in effect a request for a limitless waiver as new video viewing systems ( such as Blu - Ray ) replace DVDs .
" As DVDs are phased out and retired as a source of prerecorded media , this could lead to the unintended consequence of allowing an SOC waiver to continue in perpetuity , " the agency noted .
Second , the SOC waiver will only apply to CableLabs approved digital outputs for cable , direct broadcast satellite , and IP video systems .
" We must ensure that MVPDs [ multi- video programming distributors ] do not develop a preference for an output that would discriminate against retail devices in favor of proprietary devices , " the agency 's Order warned .
" No commenter has suggested that protected outputs like HDMI provide inadequate protection for high - value content " — HDMI being the popular digital connector for HDTVs , DVDs , DVRs and other devices .
" This output certification process must be based on objective criteria that the Commission can consider on appeal , if necessary , " the Commission adds .
And non-MPAA member studios can also take advantage of the waiver .
Third , the studios and their cable partners must offer instructions on how people with hearing disabilities can access closed captioning while watching these early run movies .
Finally , the FCC reserves the right to review the impact of the waiver , requiring MPAA members to submit a report every two years advising whether SOC " has been an effective tool in combating illegal copying of these films during the early release window . "
Reactions
So there you have it : 90 days , HDMI , a two year review , and some help for people with disabilities .
None of that 's making the reform group Public Knowledge a happy camper .
Strongly opposed to the MPAA 's request , PK and the Consumer Electronics Association both argued that an SOC waiver would effectively disable millions of home theaters .
PK even managed to convince the previous FCC Chair , Kevin Martin , not to support a waiver on the SOC ban .
Looks like that influence did n't extend to this regime .
" We are disappointed that the [ FCC's ]
Media Bureau has succumbed to the special - interest pleadings of the big media companies and ignored the thousands of letters from consumers , " Public Knowledge 's Gigi Sohn told us .
The order " will allow the big firms for the first time to take control of a consumer 's TV set or set - top box , blocking viewing of a TV program or motion picture . "
" At no point in this proceeding did any of the content companies make the case that any ‘ piracy ' was occurring because material was sneaking out of the back of a TV set onto the Internet , " PK added .
The FCC's Media Bureau clearly did n't see it this way :
" We disagree with Public Knowledge ’s ( PK ) assertion that MPAA has failed to provide specific evidence of illegal copying through unprotected outputs .
While it would be impossible to demonstrate specific evidence of illegal copying for a service that does not yet exist , MPAA has provided specific evidence that illegal copying exists , and that unprotected outputs on the set - top box have led to unauthorized rebroadcast of content .
For example , MPAA points out that unauthorized copies of television shows are online so quickly that copies that air on the East Coast are available before they air on the West Coast .
Furthermore , a pay - per - view boxing event was broadcast online without authorization simultaneously with its airing on pay - per-view .
MPAA argues that if the Video - on - Demand ( ' VoD ' ) release window is moved earlier , illegal copiers will focus on the earlier VoD release . "
We 've been pretty skeptical about an SOC waiver ourselves , contending that consumers who spent big chunks of money on early HDTV systems have the right to access major new services — especially this one , which will immediately become the most valuable offering on pay TV .
We 're also wondering how quickly sports and dramatic series programmers are going to ask to get in on this , and how the FCC is going to explain that a waiver on the SOC ban is good enough for Hollywood , but not good enough for them .
Search advertising had produced a " river of gold " for Google , he said , " but those words are being taken mostly from the newspapers .
And I think they ought to stop it , the newspapers ought to stand up and make them do their own reporting or whatever . "
Many of you have probably seen the latest ad campaign from Adobe stating “ We Heart Apple ” , with full page ads running in the Mercury News and on tons of banner ads across the web ( you can occasionally find them on our own site too ) .
This has to be the funniest response to the pro-Flash campaign , which not so subtly states that , well , Flash sucks .
Whatever your thoughts and opinions on the matter , Flash is really on it ’s way out .
Steve Jobs has already famously posted his thoughts on Flash and with Microsoft pushing for HTML5 video in IE9 , the future of online video is growing increasingly clear .
The above picture was found on here via Zeldman.com .
For reference we posted below the Adobe “ We Heart Apple ” ad that ’s been floating around .
'' Strike - breakers - whether they are pilots or other BA colleagues - acting as cabin crew are misguided .
Their actions are not solving this crisis , they are helping prolong it , and they should not expect thanks from BA for their troubles because this company will turn on them in due course just as they have turned on the crew .
In the winter of 2006 , a strange phenomenon fell upon honeybee hives across the country .
Without a trace , millions of bees vanished from their hives .
A precious pollinator of fruits and vegetables , the disappearing bees left billions of dollars of crops at risk and threatened our food supply .
The epidemic set researchers scrambling to discover why honeybees were dying in record numbers — and to stop the epidemic in its tracks before it spread further .
Silence of the Bees is the first in - depth look at the search to uncover what is killing the honeybee .
The filmmakers of Bees take viewers around the world to the sites of fallen hives , to high - tech labs , where scientists race to uncover clues , and even deep inside honeybee colonies .
Silence of the Bees is the story of a riveting , ongoing investigation to save honeybees from dying out .
The film goes beyond the unsolved mystery to tell the story of the honeybee itself , its invaluable impact on our diets and takes a look at what ’s at stake if honeybees disappear .
Silence of the Bees explores the complex world of the honeybee in crisis and instills in viewers a sense of urgency to learn ways to help these extraordinary animals .
Massimo de Angelis of the editor ’s blog has a fascinating story about the cooperative economy in the Salinas region of the Ecuadorian Andes .
The Salinas area , a region centering on the village of the same name , includes some thirty communities comprising a total of around six thousand people .
The area economy is a network of cooperative enterprises , commonly called “ the organization , ” that includes some 95 % of the population .
The “ organization ” is in reality a quick name for several associations , foundations , consortia and cooperatives , ranging from cheese producers to textile , ceramic and chocolate making , herbal medicine and trash collection , a radio station an hotel , a hostel , and a “ office of community tourism ” .
The area has an interesting history .
Only a generation or so Salinas was the typical domain of a Latin American patron , the Cordovez family .
The Cordovezes owned the common land of the area pursuant to a Spanish crown grant and were the main employer –most notably via the family salt mine .
As such , Salinas is an unlikely location for such an egalitarian economic experiment .
The origin of “ the organization ” is reminiscent of a couple of more famous distributist experiments : the Antigonish movement in Nova Scotia , and the Mondragon system in the Basque country of Spain .
Like those two previous experiments , the organization started out with a single cooperative enterprise and from there grew by mitosis into an entire federated network of cooperatives .
The first cooperative , formed in the 1970s , was a credit union created as a source of independence from the loan sharks who preyed on the poor .
( This initial nucleus , as was also the case with Antigonish and Mondragon , was the project of an activist Catholic priest , the Italian immigrant Fr. Antonio Polo )
The credit cooperative offered to buy the Cordovez family lands .
From my own perspective , I have a hard time quoting descriptions of such feudal land domains as legitimate “ private property ” with a straight face .
Anyone collecting rent from the rightful owners of the land should be grateful to go to bed at night with his head still attached to his body , let alone actually receive a purchase price for the land .
You may recall the old joke about the delegation of peasants from an English village who confronted the lord of the manor : “ By what right do you claim property in this land , which our ancestors worked time out of mind , and collect rent from us ? ”
“ Why , I inherited it from my father , the previous lord of the manor .
And he inherited it from his father , and so on , going back to our ancestor the first lord of this manor , who fought for it under William the Conqueror . ”
“ Ah , well then , ” said the delegation .
“ Now we ’re going to fight you for it . ”
De Angelis has some of the same reservations , although he fairly reports Fr. Polo ’s reasoning in advocating peaceful purchase of the land :
Antonio explains to me that the original choice to buy the land from the Cordovez , rather than taking it , in spite of the fact that the locals had really all the reasons for reclaiming their own land from the Cordovez who effectively stole it from them , was moral and economically rational .
It was moral , because it was an anti-violent choice .
And it was economically rational , because when people buy land they have an invested interest to make it productive for them ( at least in the sense that they have borrowed money to buy it and they have to repay the loan with interest ) .
I have my doubt , as the reasons given seemed to me too ideological .
After some probing it seemed to me that the Cordovez family was interested to sell and selling at a relatively good price because of the broader context of land struggle and talks of land reform , hence of “ violence ” against the private property of the big land owner .
The “ peaceful ” choice was therefore dependent on the “ violent ” context , making the moral distinction between the two quite thin , and leaving the distinction relevant only from a strategic point of view , that is contingent to the existing condition and opportunity to pool resources together ( whether human political resources or money resources ) .
On the other hand , there are experiences of movements of people reclaiming land by trespassing the gates of the large property owners that has led to the formation of institutions such as school and health centers besides allowing the land to be used for productive purposes meeting the food needs of the people .
The landless movement in Brazil is a case in point .
With the encouragement of Fr. Polo , the village organized one cooperative enterprise after another to provide employment after the salt mine closed .
Like Mondragon , the cooperatives disconcertingly maintain a two - tier labor force , including a lower tier of wage laborers who are not member - owners .
The wage laborers frequently do contract work in their homes , on something like the old “ putting out ” system .
The contract work is part - time , supplementing subsistence production .
As I ’ve argued elsewhere , the character of such arrangements depends heavily on the bargaining power of the workers involved .
If access to the means of subsistence production is ready and cheap , and they can afford to take work or leave it at any given time with a sufficient economic cushion to wait for terms more to their liking , such arrangements may well be consistent with an economy of a generally libertarian character .
I have no idea from the article what the current nature of land tenure is for the contract workers who engage in subsistence agriculture ; but the relations between them and the cooperatives seem to be fairly relaxed and transparent , which suggests the core of permanent members does n’t hold the whip hand over them .
This impression is reinforced by the fact that a significant social safety net operates in the village , funded by the surpluses of various cooperative enterprises , on a gift economy basis .
And it ’s possible to earn exchange value outside of wage labor by contributing to something like a time bank .
However , at the end of the year , the monetary surplus [ of the cheese factory ] is not distributed among coop members on the basis of their milk contribution , but is shared among them for common projects : either buying new equipment , or transferred to community funds .
This way , as our guide told us , “ the farmer who has 10 cows is helping the farmer that has only one cow ” , allowing for some re-distribution .
Another example is the use of Mingas .
Minga is a quechua word used by various ethnical groups throughout the Andes and refer to unwaged community work , in which men , women and children all participate in pretty much convivial ways and generally ends up in big banquets .
Infrastructure work such as road maintenance , water irrigation , planting , digging , but also garbage collection and cleaning up the square are all type of work that calls for a Minga of different size and are used in Salinas .
Yet another example is the important use of foundations , that channel funds earned in social enterprises for projects for the community .
The combination of such a safety net with cheap and easy access to means of independent subsistence makes it more likely that employed and employer can deal with one another as equals .
Michel Bauwens , in a post to the P2P Research email list drawing my attention to the article , noted that “ this is pretty much what I envision the transition situation to be , when commoning becomes more central within capitalism , but with great potential for a phase transition away from it … ”
This was in keeping with De Angelis ’s observation :
There is something intriguing in Salinas , and that is that you do not know when capitalism ends and commonism begins . . . and viceversa .
You feel definitively the presence of both and this is unsettling and make someone like me nervous .
But I promised myself to keep an open mind , I am travelling to understand commons , the mechanism of their coupling with capital and the limitation of this coupling , as well as the lines of struggle and power relations that emerge in various context of commons .
De Angelis is interested , in particular , in how the commons principle interacts with the market system .
We have therefore a mix of organising principles between private and community production , adaptation to the market and its needs for “ competitiveness ” and solidarity and communitarian values , a mix that would be interesting to deconstruct and study with some more lengthy field work in terms of how power relations are reproduced or diffused , and how the distribution and control conflicts inherent in market - oriented arrangements are dealt with .
But the overall basic question in the back of my mind is this : what is co-opting what ?
Is capital co-opting the commons or the commons co-opting capital ?
My impression is that taken as a whole , Salinas offers a context in which dignity is definitively at the centre of doing things , and capital is not all , and perhaps — perhaps not yet — not even the most important thing .
De Angelis has serious doubts , nevertheless , as to whether the project is scalable .
For one thing , this mixed commons / market system may be less sustainable when more capital - intensive forms of production are undertaken , and may accordingly be more vulnerable to destabilization and decay into exploitative capitalism .
De Angelis raises the example of the new factory for turning wool into thread , to be vertically integrated with the household production of sweaters and other woolens .
The large capital outlay , he says , means a break even point can only be achieved with fairly large batch production .
For another , de Angelis says , the success of the Salinas model arguably depends on its uniqueness , so that it can serve wide - open global niche markets without a lot of global competition from other local economies pursuing the same development model .
And finally , debt financing of capital investment leads to a certain degree of self - exploitation to service that debt .
De Angelis analyzes the cumulative implications of these problems :
I have mixed feelings about this Salinas ’ experience .
There is no doubt that the 69 agro- industrial and 38 service communities enterprises are quite a means for the local population to meet reproduction needs in ways that shield them from the most exploitative practices of other areas in the region and make them active participants in commoning processes centred on dignity .
But the increasing reliance on , and strong preoccupation with , global export circuits and on the markets seems excessive , with the risk that experiments like these really become the vehicles for commons co-optation .
Yet another problem , parallel to these , is that the agricultural model pursued in Salinas has not been properly speaking agricultural at all , but agro-industrial : i.e. , export - oriented agribusiness .
The discrete amount of common land available could have perhaps been used more for the community , and only now some experiments are conducted with green houses and different types of plants .
I wander whether the Salinas reality would be any different today if 40 years ago , priority was put on the generation of food self - sufficiency within the areas .
These are serious issues .
But there are grounds for hope .
First of all , the structural effects of high capital outlays will become less and less of a problem over time .
For one thing , even given past technical possibilities of production , that capital outlays were as high as they were arguably the result not so much of technical necessity as the choice of a more capital - intensive production model to suit the institutional and economic needs of a dominant class .
From the time electrically powered machinery was first introduced in the late nineteenth century , there were two possible ways of integrating it into production : 1 ) mass production using extremely expensive , product - specific machinery with deskilled labor , producing in large batches to fully utilize the enormously expensive machinery and minimize unit costs , and using supply - push distribution and planned obsolescence to dispose of the product and keep the wheels turning ; and 2 ) integrating smaller , cheaper general - purpose machinery into craft production , frequently switching between short runs of different products and gearing production to changes in demand on a lean , demand - pull basis .
Arguably , the second method was the 0ne naturally suited to electrical power ; the introduction of electrical power eliminated the main rationale for large - scale factory production , which was the need to economize on power from a prime mover .
When each machine had its own built - in prime mover , and it was no longer to power as many machines as possible with belts connected to a drive shaft from a single steam engine or waterwheel , individual machines could be scaled to demand and sited as close as possible to the point of consumption .
Mass production was chosen over flexible manufacturing because it suited the institutional needs of organized capital .
And production technologies currently in process of being developed are radically lowering the price of machinery .
As this happens , capital outlays will become less and less important as a source of structural imperatives to maximize output and serve large market areas .
I suspect that the choice of concentrating wool spinning in a single factory , even now , was not the only possible choice .
Fewer machines , scaled to local demand , would have required less investment and met the consumption needs of the local economy .
The decision to invest larger sums of money in an operation scaled to production for a global market , I suspect , was the result of deliberate choice rather than necessity .
As production tools become cheaper and cheaper , for an ever increasing range of products , the more feasible it is to produce more and more of the things we consume in small shops scaled to the local market , without high capital outlays and overhead creating pressure to maximize batch size and amortize costs .
This will also mean less indebtedness from capital investment , less pressure to self - exploitation , and less pressure to compete in a global marketplace instead of serving the local economy .
That means , in a sense , that manufacturing will be moving toward the same kind of local subsistence model that de Angelis advocates for agriculture .
The lower the capital outlays and overhead required for production , the more the local economy will taken on the very character de Angelis described above : “ a means for the local population to meet reproduction needs in ways that shield them from the most exploitative practices of other areas in the region … ”
Before I conclude , I want to make a few observations about markets .
The problem , I would argue , is not that markets or exchange as such are exploitative .
Markets , when structural privileges are not present , are simply mechanisms for exchange between producers .
It is only under conditions of unequal exchange that markets become exploitative .
And unequal exchange can only come about in conditions of privilege : artificial property rights , artificial scarcity , and legally mandated artificial levels of capital outlay or overhead to enter the market , so that labor must work harder to obtain a consumption good than is actually required to produce it .
Associated Press
At a time when the Vatican could use a little positive notice in the news media , the Holy See has momentarily turned attention away from the helter skelter it has lately faced by offering its enthusiastic praise for the Beatles .
In its weekend editions , L’Osservatore Romano , the official newspaper of the Vatican , paid tribute to the Beatles on the 40th anniversary of that group ’s breakup , and endorsed the Fab Four ’s music without quite giving its thumbs up to the band members ’ lifestyles , The Associated Press reported .
“ It ’s true , they took drugs ; swept up by their success , they lived dissolute and uninhibited lives , ” L’Osservatore Romano wrote .
“ But , ” the newspaper added , “ listening to their songs , all of this seems distant and meaningless .
Their beautiful melodies , which changed forever pop music and still give us emotions , live on like precious jewels . ”
Giovanni Maria Vian , the editor in chief of L’Osservatore Romano , told The A.P. that he is a fan of the Beatles , and minimized John Lennon ‘s notorious 1966 remark that the band at that time was “ more popular than Jesus . ”
“ In reality it was n’t that scandalous , ” Mr. Vian said , “ because the fascination with Jesus was so great that it attracted these new heroes of the time . ”
' The A - Team ' : Where Are They Now ?
A new " A - Team " hits the big screen June 11 -- where 's the original cast ?
May 28 , 2010  --
It 's been more than 20 years since the A - team amped up to give the bad guys a beat down .
In case you 're not familiar with them , a primer : The A - Team is a four man band of ex-U.S. Army Special Forces / Vietnam
War veterans / fugitives on the run for war crimes they did n't commit who become mercenaries for hire .
Over - the - top violence and cartoon - like action characterized the 1980s TV series based on their misadventures .
Come June 11 , the gang 's getting back together , and the movie version of the classic show is poised to be one of the summer 's biggest blockbusters .
But of course , the people playing the parts of Hannibal , Faceman , Howling Mad and Bad Attitude are n't the same ones who graced TV screens in the 1980s .
Even the A - team can't escape getting older , and a new crop of actors has been brought in to get the job done .
This time , they 're united by their shared status as Iraq war veterans
Below , check out where the former stars of the A - Team are now , and who 's been enlisted to carry their legacy on to the big screen .
Lieutenant Templeton " Faceman " Peck
Dirk Benedict played smooth - talking Faceman ( aka Face ) in the original " A - Team " series .
As the A - Team 's resident con man and pretty boy , he charmed his way into getting supplies the crew needed and emerged from dangerous endeavors unscathed , cleanly styled , cigar in hand .
After " The A - Team " went off the air in 1987 , Benedict tried his hand at theater , attempting the title role in Shakespeare 's Hamlet and earning poor reviews .
Then it was on to film .
He starred in 1993's " Shadow Force " and in 2000 wrote and directed his first screenplay , " Cahoots . "
A foreign film and a TV movie later , Benedict dipped his toe in the waters of reality TV , competing in the U.K. version of " Celebrity Big Brother " in 2007 .
His " A - Team " fame followed him there : a replica of the A - Team van brought Benedict and his character 's signature cigar onto the set as the A - Team theme tune blasted in the background .
He ended up scoring third place in the competition .
Benedict divorced his wife , actress Toni Hudson , in 1995 .
They had wed in 1986 after she appeared in an episode of " The A - Team . "
They have two sons together .
Benedict has another son from a previous relationship .
In 1975 , Benedict was diagnosed with prostate cancer and adopted a macrobiotic diet to better his health .
He wrote a book about advocating a macrobiotic lifestyle in 1991 , " Confessions of a Kamikaze Cowboy . "
" Hangover " star Bradley Cooper is charged with bringing Benedict 's character to the big screen this summer .
With a buff body and an enviable head of hair he 's got the handsome part down .
Benedict himself makes an appearance in the " A - Team " movie as well .
Sergeant Bosco Albert B.A. " Bad Attitude " Baracus
Pity the fool who gets in Bad Attitude 's way .
Mr. T brought Sergeant Bosco Albert Baracus to life and cemented his own place in pop culture history with quippy one - liners and chunky gold bling .
B.A. served as the A - Team 's muscle .
His signature move : grabbing an adversary and hurling him in the air .
He also had a knack for mechanics , and could engineer pretty much anything with a pair of pliers and a hunk of metal .
Mr. T parlayed his " A - Team " fame into personal success long before the show ended .
In 1983 , he lent his voice to a cartoon named after him and appeared on the sitcom " Diff'rent Strokes . "
The following year , he released a motivational video , " Be Somebody ... or Be Somebody 's Fool ! , " inspired by his iconic " A - Team " line , " I pity the fool . "
The video featured Mr. T's priceless advice to kids , like how to make tripping look like breakdancing .
He also released a rap album in 1984 and starred in the movie " The Toughest Man in the World . "
But acting and rapping were n't Mr. T's only arenas .
In 1985 , he broke into professional wrestling , and participated in WWF events through 2001 .
After " The A - Team , " he scaled back his professional projects to commercials ( Comcast , Snickers , World of Warcraft , among others ) and cameo TV / movie appearances in part because of his health -- he was diagnosed with T - cell lymphoma in 1995 .
Bringing Bad Attitude into the 21st century is Quinton " Rampage " Jackson , a mixed martial artist and actor with muscles to make Mr. T proud .
Col . John " Hannibal " Smith
Actor George Peppard played the role of Col. John " Hannibal " Smith , the leader of the A - Team .
Rarely seen without a cigar between his teeth or black leather gloves on his hands , Hannibal was known for his signature line : " I love it when a plan comes together . "
A master of disguise , Hannibal also took on various aliases for the A - Team .
Peppard was himself a veteran -- of war films .
He starred in " The Blue Max " and " The Bravos " after finding stardom opposite Audrey Hepburn in " Breakfast at Tiffany's . "
In the 1970s , he played millionaire sleuth Thomas Banacek in the television series " Banacek . "
But he 's best known to younger audiences as Hannibal , joining the cast of " A - Team " when he was 55 .
A lifelong smoker , Peppard was diagnosed with lung cancer in 1992 .
But he never stopped acting .
He had just completed a pilot for a " Matlock " spinoff when he died in 1994 at age 65 .
Liam Neeson is taking over Peppard 's role as Hannibal .
Tall and ruddy - faced , he bears a striking resemblance to Peppard .
Capt . H.M. " Howling Mad " Murdock
Relative unknown actor Dwight Schultz rose to fame playing mentally unstable Capt. H.M. " Howling Mad " Murdock .
Producers had planned to drop his role after the series debut , but the character was a hit with the audience , so Howling Mad was written back in .
Howling was the A - Team 's craft pilot .
His nickname came from his time spent in a mental hospital .
After " A - Team , " Schultz starred as Lt. Reginald " Reg " Barclay in " Star Trek : The Next Generation , " reprising the role for " Star Trek : Voyager " and the film " Star Trek : First Contact . "
He now provides the voice for video games such as " Spider - Man : Web of Shadows , " " Fusion Fall " and " Terminator Salvation : The Video Game . "
South African newcomer Sharlto Copley , best known for his role as Wikus van de Merwe in the Oscar - nominated sci- fi film " District 9 , " will take on the big - screen role of Howling .
But look for Shultz to make a cameo appearance when " The A - Team " opens next month .
In previous installments on part - of - speech tagging , we saw that a Brill Tagger provides significant accuracy improvements over the Ngram Taggers combined with Regex and Affix Tagging .
With the latest 2.0 beta releases ( 2.0b8 as of this writing ) , NLTK has included a ClassifierBasedTagger as well as a pre-trained tagger used by the nltk.tag. pos_tag method .
Based on the name , then pre-trained tagger appears to be a ClassifierBasedTagger trained on the treebank corpus using a MaxentClassifier .
So let ’s see how a classifier tagger compares to the brill tagger .
NLTK Training Sets
For the brown corpus , I trained on 2/3 of the reviews , lore , and romance categories , and tested against the remaining 1/3 .
For conll2000 , I used the standard train .
txt vs test.
txt .
And for treebank , I again used a 2/3 vs 1/3 split .
import itertools from nltk.corpus import brown , conll2000 , treebank brown_reviews = brown.tagged_sents(categories=[' reviews ' ] ) brown_reviews_cutoff = len ( brown_reviews ) * 2 / 3 brown_lore = brown.tagged_sents(categories=[' lore ' ] ) brown_lore_cutoff = len ( brown_lore ) * 2 / 3 brown_romance = brown.tagged_sents(categories=[' romance ' ] ) brown_romance_cutoff = len ( brown_romance ) * 2 / 3 brown_train = list ( itertools.chain(brown_reviews[:brown_reviews_cutoff ] , brown_lore[:brown_lore_cutoff ] , brown_romance[:brown_romance_cutoff ] ) ) brown_test = list ( itertools.chain(brown_reviews[brown_reviews_cutoff : ] , brown_lore[brown_lore_cutoff : ] , brown_romance[brown_romance_cutoff : ] ) ) conll_train = conll2000.tagged_sents ('train.txt ' ) conll_test = conll2000.tagged_sents ('test.txt ' ) treebank_cutoff = len( treebank.tagged_sents ( ) ) * 2 / 3 treebank_train = treebank.tagged_sents ( ) [:treebank_cutoff ] treebank_test = treebank.tagged_sents () [ treebank_cutoff : ]
Naive Bayes Classifier Taggers
There are 3 new taggers referenced below :
cpos is an instance of ClassifierBasedPOSTagger using the default NaiveBayesClassifier .
It was trained by doing ClassifierBasedPOSTagger( train=train_sents )
is an instance of ClassifierBasedPOSTagger using the default NaiveBayesClassifier .
It was trained by doing craubt is like cpos , but has the raubt tagger from part 2 as a backoff tagger by doing ClassifierBasedPOSTagger( train=train_sents , backoff=raubt )
is like , but has the tagger from part 2 as a backoff tagger by doing bcpos is a BrillTagger using cpos as its initial tagger instead of raubt .
The raubt tagger is the same as from part 2 , and braubt is from part 3 .
postag is NLTK ’s pre-trained tagger used by the pos_tag function .
It can be loaded using nltk.data.load(nltk.tag._POS_TAGGER ) .
Accuracy Evaluation
Tagger accuracy was determined by calling the evaluate method with the test set on each trained tagger .
Here are the results :
Conclusions
The above results are quite interesting , and lead to a few conclusions :
Training data is hugely significant when it comes to accuracy .
This is why postag takes a huge nose dive on brown , while at the same time can get near 100 % accuracy on treebank .
A ClassifierBasedPOSTagger does not need a backoff tagger , since cpos accuracy is exactly the same as for craubt across all corpora .
The ClassifierBasedPOSTagger is not necessarily more accurate than the bcraubt tagger from part 3 ( at least with the default feature detector ) .
It also takes much longer to train and tag ( more details below ) and so may not be worth the tradeoff in efficiency .
Using brill tagger will nearly always increase the accuracy of your initial tagger , but not by much .
I was also surprised at how much more accurate postag was compared to cpos .
Thinking that postag was probably trained on the full treebank corpus , I did the same , and re-evaluated :
cpos = ClassifierBasedPOSTagger(train=treebank.tagged_sents ( ) ) cpos.evaluate(treebank_test )
The result was 98.08 % accuracy .
So the remaining 2 % difference must be due to the MaxentClassifier being more accurate than the naive bayes classifier , and / or the use of a different feature detector .
I tried again with classifier_builder =MaxentClassifier.train and only got to 98.4 % accuracy .
So I can only conclude that a different feature detector is used .
Hopefully the NLTK leaders will publish the training method so we can all know for sure .
Classification Efficiency
On the nltk - users list , there was a question about which tagger is the most computationaly economic .
I ca n’t tell you the right answer , but I can definitely say that ClassifierBasedPOSTagger is the wrong answer .
During accuracy evaluation , I noticed that the cpos tagger took a lot longer than raubt or braubt .
So I ran timeit on the tag method of each tagger , and got the following results :
Tagger secs / pass raubt 0.00005 braubt 0.00009 cpos 0.02219 bcpos 0.02259 postag 0.01241
This was run with python 2.6.4 on an Athlon 64 Dual Core 4600 + with 3G RAM , but the important thing is the relative times .
braubt is over 246 times faster than cpos !
To put it another way , braubt can process over 66666 words / sec , where cpos can only do 270 words / sec and postag only 483 words / sec .
So the lesson is : do not use a classifier based tagger if speed is an issue .
Here ’s the code for timing postag .
You can do the same thing for any other pickled tagger by replacing nltk.tag .
_POS_TAGGER with a nltk.data accessible path with a . pickle suffix for the load method .
import nltk , timeit text = nltk.word_tokenize(' And now for something completely different ' ) setup = ' import nltk.data , nltk.tag ; tagger = nltk.data.load(nltk.tag._POS_TAGGER ) ' t = timeit .
Timer ('tagger.tag( %s ) ' % text , setup ) print ' timing postag 1000 times ' spent = t.timeit( number=1000 ) print ' took %.5 f secs / pass ' % ( spent / 1000 )
File Size
There ’s also a significant difference in the file size of the pickled taggers ( trained on treebank ) :
Tagger Size raubt 272 K braubt 273 K cpos 3.8 M bcpos 3.8 M postag 8.2M
Fin
I think there ’s a lot of room for experimentation with classifier based taggers and their feature detectors .
But if speed is an issue for you , do n’t even bother .
In that case , stick with a simpler tagger that ’s nearly as accurate and orders of magnitude faster .
Facebook claims to have more than 400 million active users .
In fact , according to Web analytics firm Alexa , only Google is a more popular site .
So , with all that going for it , why are so many users unhappy , with one poll showing that more than half of Facebook users are thinking about leaving ?
The one - word answer : privacy .
By default , Facebook has made almost everything on your account open to the world .
You can lock down your Facebook account , but it 's a tedious process .
New tools unveiled this week are designed to make this easier , but the next time Facebook changes its policies and system , you may need to do it all over again .
There are also external tools that can check out just how secure your account is , but again , when Facebook changes its software , they may not work .
Last Monday , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg finally admitted that Facebook has made some mistakes .
Some users are staying put despite their distrust of the company .
But others think it 's too little too late and are talking loudly about leaving .
There 's even a group that has announced that May 31 is Quit Facebook Day .
Will a significant percentage of Facebook users actually leave ?
No matter its faults , Facebook has a huge user base , and those users , in turn , have all their friends on the service , all their photos and , yes , even all their Farmville farms .
Will that many people really want to abandon Facebook and start all over with a new platform ?
They have before .
In social networking 's early days -- all of five years ago -- Friendster , MySpace and Xanga all had their days in the sun .
Now those once - popular social networks are in decline .
There are , of course , the other existing social networks .
But some , like MySpace and LiveJournal , seem to have missed their moment .
Others , such as the professional - oriented LinkedIn , have established a specific niche or , like Twitter , address different needs .
The alternatives
A group of would - be Facebook replacements have recently raised their hands , hoping that enough disenchanted users will see them as viable alternatives .
Some are already out there , some are in beta , and some have hardly gotten past the " what - if " stage .
Who are these players , and do any of them have what it takes to become the next big social network ?
While this open - source project is still in beta , it 's an interesting take on social networking .
Instead of being under the control of one company and one set of administrators , Appleseed works via a distributed server software package tied together with the ASN ( Appleseed Social Network ) .
That means that as a user , you select and log into an Appleseed site .
Once there , you connect with friends , send messages , share photos and videos , join discussions and participate in all the usual social networking stuff .
Do n't like the specific Appleseed site you 're on ?
Then sign up for a different one and , according to the site , " immediately reconnect with everyone in your network . "
It sounds good , but I can't help but notice that even though the program is officially in beta , I could n't find any ASN sites to log into yet .
In a recent New York Times article , Michael Chisari , an Appleseed developer , said that the project is six months away from opening its doors to the public .
It looks promising , but I 'm not holding my breath on seeing Appleseed give Facebook serious competition anytime soon .
Diaspora , for all the headlines it 's gotten , is still not much more than an idea .
Mind you , with almost $ 200,000 of support from thousands of donors at Kickstarter.com , it 's also a very popular idea .
Technically , Diaspora sounds a lot like Appleseed .
It 's also going to be built from open - source software , and it 's going to be a distributed network server application .
More power to them , but at least Appleseed already has some code .
The first Diaspora code release is slated for September .
Here ’s a pleasant surprise for all BitTorrent fans .
GFT , one of the fastest general trackers in existence , has opened their official invites IRC channel which has been closed for more than a year .
GFT is a General / 0 day tracker which indexes scene releases of movies , music , games , E - books , TV shows and pretty much everything else that originate from the warez scene .
The site is known for it ’s blazing fast pre times , sleek user interface , innovative user class system , fast download speeds , etc .
Additionally , GFT is ratio free and is one of the most sought after trackers in the BitTorrent community .
If you still are n’t a member of this tracker , the opportunity awaits you in their official IRC invites channel – if you play by the rules , you have a great chance of getting in .
Please make sure to read all the rules before logging into the Invites IRC channel .
Rules
You need to prove that you are a good BitTorrent user who are aware of BT best practices in order to get a GFT invite .
Requirements are - ratio proofs from all private trackers you are currently a member of , their profile links and a current SpeedTest .
from all private trackers you are currently a member of , their and a .
Have your ratio proofs , profile links and SpeedTest ready before you make the invite request ( that is , before logging into the invites IRC channel ) .
Delays will not be tolerated due to high demand and staff will move on to the next person if you fail to provide them quickly .
you make the invite request ( that is , before logging into the invites IRC channel ) .
Delays will not be tolerated due to high demand and staff will move on to the next person if you fail to provide them quickly .
Do not spam the IRC channel .
Wait for your turn before PM ’ing anyone .
Folks from Romania , Egypt and Turkey are not allowed to request for invites .
These countries are banned on the tracker .
Details of the official invites IRC channel are as follows :
Server : irc.thegft.org
: irc.thegft.org Alternative Server URL : irc.station51.net
: irc.station51.net Channel : gft-invites
: gft-invites Direct Link : irc://irc.thegft.org/gft-invites
OR irc://irc.station51.net/gft-invites
: irc://irc.thegft.org/gft-invites
OR irc://irc.station51.net/gft-invites
New to IRC ?
Read this brief tutorial on how to join a IRC channels using mIRC client .
UPDATE : Due to heavy demand , the invites IRC channel may reach its maximum allowed user limit occasionally .
When this happens you will be transferred to the Invites Waiting Room instead .
GFT currently tracks over 11200 + active torrents and as mentioned earlier is one of the fastest scene trackers in existence .
This is usually a private tracker that is considered difficult to get into – invites are hard to come by and signups are almost never open .
Existing user base is very small ( around ~ 1200 members ) but are extremely active .
GFT is gearing up for the launch of GFT v2.0 which is the next major milestone for the site .
v2.0 includes a ton of new features including a complete overhaul of the visual layout - some of the early screenshots are available on site homepage .
Anyways if you do manage to get in , expect good things to come your way :)
Good Luck !
If you liked this article do not forget to subscribe to our RSS feed .
We bring you the latest BitTorrent news , private torrent tracker updates , leaks , downloads and more .
You can also follow us on Twitter .
The Republican Party has planned two big initiatives this week .
They are set to filibuster an extension of unemployment benefits for the tens of thousands of Americans who can't find work .
At the same time they 've launched their rebranding effort ahead of the 2010 elections .
The effort is called " America Speaking Out . "
It 's a fairly expensive campaign with a new website , produced videos , integrated voting tools and an expensive set at the Newseum to launch the effort .
The whole thing would be fine and Democrats could just spend their time mocking the odd platform ideas ( like repealing Section II of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ) if it was being paid for by a party committee like Michael Steele 's RNC .
Except that Republicans do n't want Michael Steele anywhere close to their election platform .
They decided to run the entire project from their minority offices in the House of Representatives .
That means that everyone reading Crooks & Liars is paying for the Republican Party 's 2010 election re-branding efforts and helping foot the bill for the Party 's platform in 2010 .
They can't even claim that the effort is n't about the 2010 election .
Kevin McCarthy , the NRCC 's recruiter for 2010 , said it was all about the 2010 elections in an appearance on ABC News this morning .
" There are a number of seats that you get just by being ' no , ' " Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the California Republican spearheading the effort , told ABC News .
" But you do n't get a majority by just being ' no ' .
You 've got to say what you 're for . "
Eric Cantor , the GOP's No. 2 in the House , said this about their new effort :
" Look , we understand we were fired in 2006 for a reason , " Rep . Cantor said in an interview .
" We have learned and we have grown .
The election gives us a chance to say we get it . "
Here 's the deal .
The RNC is going broke .
The national committee is bleeding staff .
The RNC 's online operation is actually the worst political effort in politics at the moment , their website is actually still in Beta and they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to build it .
They do n't have the experience or the money to launch a Party re-branding effort .
And Republicans in Congress hate and distrust Michael Steele .
They do n't want him to anywhere near their 2010 message .
And because of that taxpayers have to pay for the GOP 's 2010 re-branding effort .
By my estimation , the cost of the website , the video , the staff time , and the glitzy launch today at the museum may have cost taxpayers at least $ 100,000 -- and it 's only the first day .
All that taxpayer money because the House Republicans do n't trust Michael Steele and the RNC .
The Republican Party thanks you for bailing them out .
LOS ANGELES —
The overwhelming majority of Americans think the country ’s immigration policies need to be seriously overhauled .
And despite protests against Arizona ’s stringent new immigration enforcement law , a majority of Americans support it , even though they say it may lead to racial profiling .
These are the findings of the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .
With the signing of the Arizona law on April 23 and reports of renewed efforts in Washington to rethink immigration , there has been an uptick in the number of Americans who describe illegal immigration as a serious problem .
But the poll — conducted April 28 through May 2 with 1,079 adults , and with a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points — suggests that Americans remain deeply divided about what to do .
The public broadly agrees , across party lines , that the United States could be doing more along its border to keep illegal immigrants out .
The view was shared by 78 percent of the respondents .
“ At its current leak rate of 5,000 barrels of oil per day , the spill could surpass the size of the 1969 Santa Barbara spill by next week .
If the leak cannot be contained , it could exceed the size of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill off Alaska by mid June . ”
- Paul Harrison , Environmental Defense Fund
>
Three scenarios lie ahead .
They rank as bad , worse , and ugliest ( the latter being catastrophic and unprecedented ) .
There is no “ good ” here .
The Bad .
Containment chambers are put in place and they catch the outflow from the three ruptures that are currently pouring 200,000 gallons of oil into the Gulf every day .
If this works , it will take until June to complete .
The chambers are 30 - foot - high steel configurations that must be placed on the ocean floor at a depth of one mile .
This has never been done before .
If early containment is successful , the damages from this accident will be in the tens of billions .
The cleanup will take years .
The economic impact will be in the five states that have frontal coastline on the Gulf of Mexico : Texas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida .
The Worse .
The containment attempts fail and oil spews for months , until a new well can successfully be drilled to a depth of 13000 feet below the 5000 - foot - deep ocean floor , and then concrete and mud are injected into the existing ruptured well until it is successfully closed and sealed .
Work on this approach is already commencing .
Timeframe for success is at least three months .
Note the new well will have to come within about 20 feet of the existing point where the original well enters the reservoir at a distance of 3.5 miles from the surface drilling rig .
Damages by this time may be measured in the hundreds of billions .
Cleanup will take many , many years .
Tourism , fishing , all related industries may be fundamentally changed for as much as a generation .
Spread to Mexico and other Gulf geography is possible .
The Ugliest .
This spew stoppage takes longer to reach a full closure ; the subsequent cleanup may take a decade .
The Gulf becomes a damaged sea for a generation .
The oil slick leaks beyond the western Florida coast , enters the Gulfstream and reaches the eastern coast of the United States and beyond .
Use your imagination for the rest of the damage .
Monetary cost is now measured in the many hundreds of billions of dollars .
Some thoughts about markets and impacts .
Usually , the first estimates in any crises are too low .
That is true here .
1000 barrels a day is now 5000 , and some estimates of spillage are trending higher .
No one knows exactly .
The containment and boom mechanism is subject to weather cooperation as we can see this weekend .
Soon we are entering the hurricane season .
The thoughts of a storm stirring up the Gulf , hampering any cleanup or remediation drilling effort and creating a huge 10,000 square mile black stew is frightening to every professional in the business .
This will be a financial calamity for many firms , not just BP and its partners and service providers .
Their liabilities are immense and must not be underestimated .
The first estimate of $ 12.5 billion is only a starter .
Thousands of small and independent businesses as well as larger public companies in tourism are hurt here .
This is not just about the source of half the nation ’s shrimp .
That is already a casualty .
It ’s also about the bank loans for the $ 200,000 shrimp boat and the house the boat owner and / or his employees live in and the fact that this shock piles on a fragile financial system that is trying to recover from a three - year financial crisis .
Case study , my fishing guide in the Everglades splits his time between Florida and Louisiana .
His May bookings in LA have cancelled .
His colleagues lost theirs and their lodge will be empty .
They are busy trying to find work in the clean up .
For him , his wife and eleven year old daughter , his $ 600 a day guide fees just went “ poof ” .
When I asked him if he thought he had a legal claim on BP , he said he had n’t thought about it yet but it gave him pause .
As we suggested above , the $ 12.5 billion loss estimate is only a starter .
Federal deficit spending will certainly rise by tens , and maybe hundreds , of billions as emergency appropriations are directed at larger and larger efforts to clean up this mess .
At the same time , federal and state revenues tied to Gulf - region businesses will fall .
My colleague John Mousseau will be discussing the impact on state and local government debt in a separate research commentary .
We expect that the Federal Reserve will extend the timeframe that we have come to know as the “ extended period ” in the making of its monetary policy .
We do not expect the Fed to raise interest rates at all for the rest of this year , and maybe well into next year .
We expect to see the deterioration of the economic statistics for the US to reveal the onset of this oil - slick crisis in May , and the negative impact will intensify during the summer months .
A “ double - dip ” recession probably has been made more likely by this tragedy .
We are at the highest level of cash in our US stock accounts that we have seen in over a year and a half .
We expect a market correction will present entry points at lower stock prices .
We have exited the financial sectors , including the insurance ETF .
We now worry about the banks that are exposed .
We do not own the major oil stocks now .
Some of them face enormous liability payments .
In addition , the offshore - drilling energy sector will face much - increased and more costly regulation .
Deepwater and all offshore drilling in the US has been set back for a generation , just as Three Mile Island set back nuclear power development for decades .
No politician can win an election now with a permissive view on drilling .
Sarah Palin ’s “ Drill , baby , drill ” now condemns her to political marginalization .
Off shore drilling has lurched to the top of the political agenda in this November ’s election cycle .
Readers may be interested in following events on the NOAA website : http://response.restoration.noaa.gov .
David R. Kotok , Chairman & Chief Investment Officer , Cumberland Advisors , www.cumber.com
After two months in beta and over twenty updates , the Steam Client UI Update is slated to release to all Steam users this coming Monday , April 26th .
We 'd like to extend our thanks to all of you who 've taken part in improving Steam by participating in the 2010 Steam UI Update beta .
You 've put the beta through its paces and provided great ideas and feedback .
The beta has been a huge success .
The number of you who participated exceeded all our expectations , and so far you 've created 25 thousand posts to the beta user forums .
As a result of your participation , the Steam team has had the feedback required to make the new Steam client more reliable and useful than ever .
For those of you who 've yet to join the beta , it 's not too late !
By participating now , you 'll be updating your system to include our most recent developments .
You 'll also minimize the amount of content required to download later , once the released version becomes available .
And last but not least , you 'll be experiencing the future of Steam now , including dozens of new features , bug fixes and general improvements .
Regardless of whether you 've chosen to opt into the beta , keep your eye out for the Steam client update on Monday , April 26th , when a brand new Steam is headed your way .
The last in my series of Heartbreak / Breakup cakes ( for now at least ) .
People often ask me what inspires me to design a cake like this .
The answer is simple ... personal experience and heartbreak .
This cake in particular holds a lot of meaning to me .
Almost every element on it has been carefully considered and placed , and holds a special significance .
Heartbreak in my opinion is not all bitterness and sadness .
It is also filled with sweet memories , longing , guilt , rage and hatred , all the emotions I tried to convey through the different things on the cake .
Some people keep journals and diaries ...
Me , the significant events in my life are recorded in my drawings and now , my cakes ...
And ... Specially for fans of my old graphic work ...
Some of you might remember THIS PIECE from way back .
And for those of you who are wondering ... no , i'm not suicidal ...
I know better than that now
Country superstar Taylor Swift donated $ 500,000 to help with restoration efforts following massive flooding in Nashville , Tennessee on Thursday , RadarOnline.com has learned .
It comes as no surprise that Taylor Swift donated the half - million dollars , as she wrote on her Twitter page earlier this week that “ seeing a picture of the Grande Ole Opry halfway underwater was a kind of heartbreak [ she ] ca n’t describe . ”
Taylor Swift ’s money donation for flood relief was announced during Flood Relief with Vince Gill and Friends , a telethon held on Nashville TV station WSMV .
Swift ’s $ 500,000 donation was ironically not made in Music City , as the singer appeared via a feed from Des Moines , Iowa , a stop on her current concert tour .
“ Being at home during the storm , I honestly could not believe what was happening to the city and the people I love so dearly , ” Swift told the AP Thursday .
“ Nashville is my home , and the reason why I get to do what I love .
I have always been proud to be a Nashville , but especially now , seeing the love that runs through this city when there are people in crisis . ”
Taylor Swift ’s charity wo n’t be the only Tennessee - bound funds in the wake of the flooding , as a benefit concert is currently slated for June 16 at the Limelight entertainment venue in Nashville .
Google on Tuesday said it will acquire Global IP Solutions Holding , which makes processing software for voice and video over IP , for $ 68.2 million .
The deal means that Google will own the voice and video conferencing engine behind its competitors ' instant messaging systems .
The search giant said it will use Global IP Solutions ( GIPS ) for real - time video and audio communications over an IP network ( statement ) .
Google is paying 27.5 percent premium over GIPS closing price May 14 .
GIPS trades on the Oslo Stock Exchange .
The purchase of GIPS comes a day before Google 's I /O conference .
Given Google 's acquisition of Gizmo5 and its existing Google Voice service , the search giant appears to be collecting enough assets to give Skype and others competition on the consumer and business fronts .
GIPS ’s software can also be layered into Google Apps in multiple areas as a business collaboration tool .
GIPS ' software is installed in more than 800 million endpoints and the company touts integration with unified communications tools from the likes of Avaya and IBM .
The company 's software allows for video and voice processing , unified communications , fixed mobile , voice and video conferencing and enterprise IP telephony .
One interesting thing to note about GIPS is its customer list .
On its site , GIPS touts Yahoo , IBM Lotus , AOL , WebEx and Baidu as customers .
All of those companies compete with Google products .
For instance , Yahoo uses GIPS VideoEngine PC product to deliver real - time voice over Yahoo Messenger .
Is that really going to last when Google owns GIPS ?
It 's the same story for AOL Instant Messenger .
Simply put , Google will own the technology powering video and voice on the biggest IM clients .
On the Google Apps front , WebEx uses GIPS VoiceEngine and so does Lotus Sametime .
On the China front , Baidu also uses GIPS technology .
In a letter to customers , GIPS CEO Emerick Woods said :
Google has been a valued customer of GIPS for many years and has greatly contributed to the development and innovation of our products to date .
We have always respected their position in the industry and share the common vision of accelerating next generation innovation in the web - based solutions for real time communications .
You may have many questions regarding this announcement but for now , until the successful completion of the offer , it will be business as usual for us here at GIPS .
You will continue to interact with the same team members and can expect the same level of support and commitment that you have received in the past .
Google has informed us that nothing will change for current and prospective customers of GIPS .
Following the completion of the Offer , Google intends to continue servicing GIPS ’s customers in accordance with existing contracts while offering them the opportunity to transition to new offerings developed by Google .
Although we will not have more significant details until the process is complete and full integration efforts are underway , we will keep you informed throughout as events arise .
In other words , Google will continue servicing GIPS existing contracts , but after that rivals may be on their own .
Five teenage girls learn that they have been chosen to guard the walls between parallel universes .
For this purpose , they have been given the powers of the elements .
By David DeGraw , AmpedStatus Report May 10 , 2010
part of a longer article : The Financial Oligarchy Reigns : Democracy ’s Death Spiral From Greece to the United States
Part of the reason we are in this mess , and the main reason why the American people do n’t even know what is happening to them , is that the illusion machine ( television ) has removed the American population tragically far from reality .
The gap between the news we see on TV , and what is actually happening in the world today , is the most severe it has ever been .
We have been bred to be completely removed from reality .
As famed American philosopher and psychologist John Dewey once said , “ We live exposed to the greatest flood of mass suggestion that any people has ever experienced . ”
The American people need to understand that creating , manipulating and controlling public opinion through mass media propaganda is a science .
As social psychologist Kelton Rhoads wrote in his study , Universal Persuasion , Everyday Influence :
“ Make no mistake .
There are legions of influence agents operating in our society .
They thrive — they exist at the pinnacles of power — by getting you to think things and to do things they want you to think and do …
Most people are either unaware of these influences , or when they are , vastly overestimate the amount of freedom they have to make up their own minds .
But the successful influence agent knows that if he can manage the situation and choose the correct technique , your response to his technique will be as reliable as the springing of a mousetrap . ”
People with power have used this science to divide and conquer the United States .
In 1923 , Edward Bernays , the Godfather of propaganda wrote : “ Propaganda is the executive arm of the invisible government . ” William Blum in Rogue State wrote : “ Propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship . ”
Harold Lasswell in 1927 declared : “ The new antidote to willfulness is propaganda .
If the mass will be free of chains of iron , it must accept its chains of silver .
If it will not love , honor , and obey , it must not expect to escape seduction . ”
In an extensive study on propaganda , which is also one of the most insightful looks into our modern - day technological society , sociologist Jacques Ellul wrote :
“ Governmental propaganda suggests that public opinion demand this or that decision ; it provokes the will of a people , who spontaneously would say nothing .
But , once evoked , formed , and crystallized on a point , that will becomes the peoples will ; and whereas the government really acts on it ’s own , it gives the impression of obeying public opinion – after first having built that public opinion .
The point is to make the masses demand of the government what the government has already decided to do . ”
Famed British philosopher Bertrand Russell summed up the importance of propaganda this way : “ It is much easier than it used to be to spread misinformation , and , owing to democracy , the spread of misinformation is more important than in former times to the holders of power . ”
Speaking of the “ holders of power , ” for another historical lesson in how much effort powerful interests put into dominating mass media and controlling public opinion , consider Congressman Oscar Callaway ’s report to Congress in 1917 on JP Morgan ’s master plan , which has been in effect since 1915 :
“ In March , 1915 , the J.P. Morgan interests , the steel , shipbuilding , and powder interest , and their subsidiary organizations , got together 12 men high up in the newspaper world and employed them to select the most influential newspapers in the United States and sufficient number of them to control generally the policy of the daily press .
They found it was only necessary to purchase the control of 25 of the greatest papers .
An agreement was reached .
The policy of the papers was bought , to be paid for by the month , an editor was furnished for each paper to properly supervise and edit information regarding the questions of preparedness , militarism , financial policies , and other things of national and international nature considered vital to the interests of the purchasers . ”
Now consider why it is that so many of the most significant issues and problems facing American society are rarely , if ever , discussed on U.S. television …
I could go on for hours about how mass media propaganda is used to manipulate , confuse , distract and divide us .
We , as a population , have been acting against our own interests and fighting amongst ourselves , while the Economic Elite , who control our society and media system , are left unquestioned and unchallenged , operating behind the scenes , beyond the spotlight , above the law , concentrating wealth and resources , at our expense , in unprecedented fashion .
For a painfully obvious example , on the day that the crucial “ break up the banks ” amendment went to the Senate floor , a deal to gut the vital bill to audit the Federal Reserve was struck ; the market had a record - breaking drop ; Greece was burning and oil was spewing all over the Gulf of Mexico .
I could n’t believe the amount of historically significant news that was occurring !
It was Shakespeare on steroids !
I turned on the TV news networks and the coverage primarily focused on two things .
One : an old football player , albeit one of the greatest ever , allegedly raped and beat a 16 year old girl .
Two : a male anti-gay activist “ rented a boy prostitute . ”
Tweet this : OMG !
What a sign of the times !
Never mind an economic crisis that affects millions .
Never mind one of the greatest environmental disasters of all time .
Never mind the historic vote on a Senate amendment that will have a profound effect on our economic well - being and possibly break up the Financial Oligarchy that caused our crisis and holds our nation hostage .
Never mind the behind - the - scenes dealings to gut the audit of the Federal Reserve that secretly dished out trillions of taxpayer dollars .
While Rome burns , the mainstream media distracts us and spins the economic devastation as business as usual , nothing to be worried about .
Yeah , the BS unemployment rate went up , but it ’s good news people !
Good times ahead , so go invest in some stocks and go buy yourself something special at the mall .
Other than to create and control popular opinion and keep us politically passive , the mainstream media exists to keep people consuming and spending their hard - earned money .
That is the bottom line .
Every time you turn on the TV , you have to realize that the entire mass media system is an elaborate psychological operation to keep you passive and make you feel secure in spending your money .
That ’s why TV pundits and talking heads are paid huge salaries ; they are experts in duping us and playing us for fools .
We are all being played .
We are n’t free citizens ; we are indebted wage slaves .
That may sound much too harsh for a population that has been propagandized for hours a day , every day of our lives , but it is the truth .
As the brilliant John Dewey said , “ We live exposed to the greatest flood of mass suggestion that any people has ever experienced . ”
Who needs reality when you have American Idol , Disneyland and celebrity sex scandals ?
Until we can block out these distractions and face reality , our future and living standards will continue to spiral downward .
See also :
Delusions and illusions of press freedom :
The Israel lobby ’s control of Western media
Hunt for ' Jason Bourne ' who kept arms cache in penthouse overlooking U.S. federal bank
Police are hunting a man who fled his high - rise Los Angeles penthouse ' Jason Bourne style ' leaving weapons , counterfeiting equipment and passports in multiple names .
Brian Alexik slipped out of the window and climbed down the fire escape after refusing to let in officers .
A neighbour had knocked on the door after smelling suspicious fumes but Alexik refused to open up , even when firefighters and then police arrived .
Many faces : Photographs of Brian Alexik show him sporting a variety of haircuts and both shaven and bearded
Officers broke down the door just as the 33 - year - old fled shouldering several duffel bags .
' He escaped like Jason Bourne , ' said Deputy Chief Mike Downing of the LAPD Counter - terrorism Bureau , referring to the character played by Matt Damon in the hit film franchise based on the espionage thrillers by Robert Ludlum .
Police searched the apartment after Alexik vanished 11 days ago , uncovering a cache of weapons including an AK - 47 assault rifle .
They also found sophisticated counterfeiting equipment and $ 15,000 in extremely accurate fake $ 100 banknotes .
Several different identifications , including passports , listed different aliases for him .
Work of fiction : Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne in the Bourne Identity
Photographs show Alexik with significantly different looks - clean - shaven in one , but heavier and bearded in another .
But what really piqued the interest of detectives was a camera tripod and the fact that the penthouse balcony had a perfect view of the building that houses the city 's Federal Reserve - the U.S. equivalent of the Bank of England .
Alexik , from New Jersey , kept to himself in the penthouse and paid his $ 3,400 ( £ 2,200 ) monthly rent in advance with wads of cash .
Police are now working with the U.S. Secret Service to uncover what Alexik was doing with all this equipment and counterfeit money , and whether the Federal Reserve featured in his schemes .
' The curiosity in this case is the strategic location in which he chose to operate , ' Mr Downing said .
Los Angeles police searched several locations in the centre of the city and on Thursday announced the arrest of Gregory Koller , 32 , an ' associate ' of Alexik , on suspicion of narcotics possession .
Officers said ' items consistent with manufacturing weapons ' had been found in a search of Koller 's home and a warehouse .
Part 1 of article
Nobody knows whether a war will break out in Lebanon this summer .
Yet what is completely clear is that a war in the north – if and when such war breaks out – will not be like the war that took place there in 2006 .
Hezbollah is growing stronger every day , in terms of the number of fighters , quantity of missiles , and capabilities .
And what ’s even more significant :
The way this military power will be utilized will be vitally different .
Every few weeks , another piece of information finds its way to the media and hints to the new face of the confrontation taking shape in Lebanon .
Both sides prepare for the next round in full force , yet the lay citizen does n’t understand much of it .
Well , another rocket was smuggled to Hezbollah , but it already has 40,000 anyway , so what ’s the difference , people say .
All the rockets are the same , the average Israeli thinks .
Close Encounter
Time examines Hezbollah's war preparations Ynet American weekly 's journalist visits south Lebanon to find Shiite group ready and waiting for next conflict with Israel .
' Next war is coming , 100 % , but we do n't know when ' , one fighter says Time examines Hezbollah 's war preparations
Meanwhile , our defense establishment does not bother to inform the public about the kind of confrontation it should be preparing for .
Israeli citizens had already been stunned by the scope of the damage that the other side can cause and rightfully asked :
How come we did n’t know ?
How come we did n’t prepare ?
And who ’s responsible for this failure ?
Yet this is precisely what ’s happening now too .
Defense officials and academic experts see a very clear picture of the new battlefield in Lebanon , but the average citizen , who will be a full party to the fighting in the next war , has no idea .
Nobody tells him anything .
Coincidently , a foreign professional newspaper recently published an item about the M - 600 missiles supplied by Syria to Hezbollah .
Yet someone in Israel finds it convenient to hide this information , just like the transfer of Scud missiles to Lebanon was a secret in Israel , until it was uncovered by an Arab newspaper .
Here and there , someone hints something about tensions on the northern border .
Occasionally , Arab media report about unusual Air Force over - flights .
Yet for the average Israeli all this activity is out of bounds , on the order of authorities .
So why did n’t Israel prevent the transfer of missiles and rockets into Lebanon ?
That ’s a good question .
We may get the answer for it in the history books to be written in the future .
Terrorizing civilians
It ’s important that we understand that M -600 missiles in Hezbollah ’s possession are not just another item in its arsenal .
That ’s the DNA ; the code that exposes the new pattern of the group ’s preparation for the next confrontation .
Let ’s start from the fact that the M - 600 is not a rocket , but rather , a much more accurate and effective weapon with strategic capabilities in Mideastern terms .
Theoretically , Hezbollah would be able to hit the IDF headquarters in central Tel Aviv in the next war should it wish to do so .
In 2006 , it did not possess this ability .
Does it mean that what we saw in the Second Lebanon War – hundreds of short and medium range rockets fired at northern Israel every day – will not repeat ?
Not at all .
Most of Hezbollah ’s 40,000 rockets are still of this type , and next time it will again use them in an effort to sow destruction in northern communities and hit IDF troops before they enter Lebanon .
Based on the last war ’s experience , these rockets are a “ statistical weapon ” :
The fire is inaccurate , most rockets land in unpopulated areas , and the number of casualties and extent of damage is n’t great .
However , in the next war , and in addition to the barrages we know , Hezbollah will have the option of firing dozens of accurate missiles simultaneously from dozens of launch sites across Lebanon – while directing them at one specific target .
Not only will the damage caused by these missiles be much more accurate and graver , it ’s much more complicated to spot and destroy dozens of single missiles that will appear simultaneously at different sites .
The accurate missiles possessed by Hezbollah are meant to destroy strategic targets in central Israel .
Such missiles are already deployed in southern Lebanon , with Hezbollah apparently intending to fire dozens of missiles daily for many days .
At the same time , the group plans to fire thousands of other rockets , and through this combined attack destroy national infrastructure and various facilities .
The objective of the thousands of long - range missiles accumulated by Hezbollah would be to sow pure terror among civilians and undermine our willingness to fight .
However , at this time , according to Hezbollah too , the group still does not possess enough accurate missiles in order to put this doctrine into action .
This is precisely the junction that calls for much more intensive international and Israeli activity , in order to curb the flow of accurate arms into Lebanon , before it ’s too late .
Part 2 of article to be published Saturday
When Netflix opened its doors for business in 1998 it offered one product : DVDs by mail .
Since then the video company has plastered itself everywhere .
It offers streaming services on Microsoft ’s Xbox , Nintendo ’s Wii , Tivo ’s set - top box , several blu - ray DVD players , the Apple iPad and even its own hardware partnership , the Roku Box .
So it only seems natural that next on the list would be Google ’s Android platform .
Earlier this month , Dan Nosowitz of Fast Company found a job listing on Netflix ’s job board seeking an “ Android Video Playback Expert . ”
Since then other listings have appeared on the site , including an opening for an “ Android Platform Application Engineer . ”
Although these listings clearly point to an Android app , the big question is : for what device is Netflix building it ?
In one respect the company could work on a standard Netflix mobile app , but they could also be exploring other Android platforms .
As we have reported in The New York Times , Google is working on its Google TV , which is expected to run the Android platform — or at least a variation .
As we wrote in the article , it is expected that Google will “ deliver a toolkit to outside programmers within the next couple of months , and products based on the software could appear as soon as this summer . ”
Google hopes to show examples of the platform when it opens its doors for business , and Netflix would be a perfect fit for that introduction .
Or maybe Netflix is working with Google to create an application for the coming Google slate , or one of its many Android slate partners .
Last week , when I interviewed David Wadhwani , general manager of Adobe ’s Platform unit , he told me we could expect to see “ a slew of Android tablets coming out later this year . ”
Mr. Wadhwani also said that he had “ seen estimates of between 30 to 50 Android tablets ” that would soon appear in the marketplace .
Although it is tough to tell which Android platform Netflix is working on , the company seems poised to continue its goal to exist and share movies from almost any device with an Internet connection .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Google — a year into operating its venture capital arm , which now counts 10 companies in its portfolio — invited reporters to its Mountain View , Calif .
headquarters today for a progress report .
If you ’re running a startup that would like to get Google Ventures in your next round , here ’s what you need to know :
Sectors : Google ( s GOOG ) is looking to invest in areas such as cleantech , biotech , health , and in IT , specifically “ cloud storage , companies that function off of large datasets , online monetization and mobile , ” according to managing partner Bill Maris .
As important as the topic are the quality of the team and the potential for Google to help .
The firm ’s latest investment , announced today , is in payments services platform Corduro .
Buy or invest ?
Maris and Google CEO Eric Schmidt insisted that the matter of Google acquiring a company or investing in it is wholly different , and that there are really two categories of companies — those seeking funding , and those seeking to get bought .
Schmidt said that Google will continue to make one acquisition per month , initiated by product managers who identify a need , find the best startup to fit it , and send the company through vetting and approval .
Google Ventures ’ mandate seems to be more broad and long - term .
What Google Offers : Google Ventures wants to find promising companies that Google can help , rather than companies that will “ wholly ” help Google , said Maris .
So , for example , portfolio company Pixazza , which uses image recognition to embed relevant ads in pictures , was able to significantly increase user responsiveness to ads by tweaking its interface on the advice of Google Ventures partner Braden Kowitz .
Or , said Maris , Google Ventures might invest in a protein design company because it could put Google ’s massive computing assets to use .
Sourcing and referrals :
If you want to get Google Ventures to invest in you , the best way is to get referred by a Google employee or someone in one of the partner ’s network , or work with one of the two VC firms that have closely aligned themselves with Google : Kleiner Perkins and August Capital .
To date , approximately one quarter of the firm ’s investments have been in companies referred by Googlers .
Interestingly , none of the companies Google Ventures has invested in to date were founded by former Googlers ( that ’s a marked contrast to the companies Google has been buying lately ) .
Investment size and terms : Google Ventures investments have so far ranged from less than $ 500,000 to the tens of millions , said Maris .
The firm has already done some follow - on rounds — in fact it has yet to decline to participate in one .
Its deals contain “ no special hooks ” and no rights of first refusal , said Maris .
The firm is also careful to move quickly ; “ We ’ve never been a gating item ” on a deal , Maris said .
Google Ventures holds board seats for about half of its portfolio companies so far .
Selling to competitors : Google and its M&A team would prefer to keep their prize deals out of the hands of competitors , but Google Ventures is mandated to help its entrepreneurs first .
“ It ’s been made explicitly clear that if an entrepreneur wants to sell to a company that Google considers an competitor it ’s not in the calculus , ” said Maris .
The fund : Google Ventures is planning to invest $ 100 million this year , as part of its second fund .
It ’s set up in an unusual way where every new year has a new fund , with a separate allocation of money .
Maris did not disclose the total amount of last year ’s investments but said this year ’s was expected to be bigger .
Google is the sole LP in the fund , and partners are incentivized as VCs to see returns on their investments .
Regions : Until now Google Ventures has been solely focused on North America , and its team of 11 partners ( up from two last year ) is split between the West and East Coasts .
Schmidt said at the event , to Maris ’ surprise , that the firm should go global to address the worldwide opportunity — so expect that soon .
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d ) :
Cleantech Financing Trends : 2010 and Beyond
Behind the scenes with Bob and its offspring -- Clippy and the Microsoft Agent .
( Tandy Trower spent 28 years at Microsoft , working on everything from Microsoft BASIC to Windows 1.0 to user interfaces to robotics .
In this article–part of our commemoration of Microsoft Bob ’s fifteenth anniversary –he recalls his initial reaction to Bob and the Bob - like Office Assistant , and his spearheading of Microsoft Agent , a later attempt to build a better “ social interface ” of the type that Bob represented . )
After I managed the first two releases of Windows , I shifted my focus to helping improve the design and usability of Microsoft ’s products , founding the company ’s first user interface design services team .
For most products , my team ’s efforts involved improving window and icon designs , providing usability testing , defining good design practices , and promoting consistency between products .
One of my most unique challenges came with the development of the now infamous Microsoft Bob .
Bob was a very different kind of product than Microsoft had ever created before .
It was developed out of motivation to improve and simplify Windows and Microsoft ’s application user interfaces , and has somewhat unfairly been considered one of the company ’s biggest failures .
Bob first came onto my radar after I received an email from Bill Gates asking me to check on a new project he wanted me to review .
The message included a document written by Karen Fries , the Bob program manager .
In that document , Karen discussed the motivation behind Bob : the increasing complexity of richly featured GUI applications .
There were so many choices for the user in terms of commands and options that it was like going to the supermarket and looking down the cereal aisle and trying to make a choice , or visiting a restaurant with a vast menu .
Karen pointed out that recipes , on the other hand , gave you guided choices and that great restaurants included wait staff that helped you make choices .
She proposed that it was time that we consider a similar approach for software .
Karen ’s proposal was based in part by research by two Stanford professors , Clifford Nass and Byron Reeves , who had recently demonstrated through a series of social interaction experiments that humans respond to social stimuli even if they are presented from a non -human entity .
For example , in one experiment , Nass and Reeves took a conventional social interaction test scenario and converted this to computer - based interaction .
In the converted experiment , one group of users took a simple survey on a computer , and then was subsequently asked to evaluate their experience on that same computer .
Another group took the survey , but performed their evaluation on a separate computer .
The results were similar to the original ( human - to - human ) social experiment that demonstrated that people are more positive when the evaluation is done by that same person than if reported to another person .
Similarly , social effects like team orientation or gender bias could be demonstrated using technology as a part of the equation , even when it was obvious to the users that the technology was n’t human .
( For further information , check out Nass and Reeves ’ excellent book The Media Equation . )
Karen ’s ambition was to help Microsoft get to the forefront of applying good social interface principles in a positive way .
For example , Nass and Reeves ’ research indicated that something as simple as how a message box or help file is phrased can convey social meaning , at a time when the software industry as a whole was just beginning to recognize the importance of the cognitive aspects ( layout , color , fonts , etc. ) of design on user experience .
Karen ’s ambition was to help Microsoft get to the forefront of applying good social interface principles in a positive way .
To do that she proposed to do that by introducing a set of on - screen social personalities that would guide the user through the increasing morass of choices that application interfaces were presenting .
So began the birth of Microsoft Bob , which offered the user the choice of a variety of cartoon characters that guided users through the interface by streamlining common tasks .
The Training Wheels Came Off
Unfortunately , in its well - meaning attempt to shield users from the complexities of overflowing menus and dialogs with too many options , Bob created an environment that was perceived as too childlike , and that many users felt was demeaning or condescending .
Even if they found Bob useful , few would want to admit to others that they needed this kind of crutch .
Further , Bob was a thin veneer .
While Bob presented a simpler , guided interface , the training wheels disappeared once the user ended up needing a function that was only available directly in Windows .
Not everyone could figure out how to get back to Bob .
At the time , I warned Karen and Bill that while I thought that the intent and foundation was solid , the implementation was a problem .
Karen ’s counterpart on the marketing side was Melinda French .
I did n’t know Melinda at the time–least of all that she was the secret fiancée of Gates .
In any case , I came up with a list of issues I had with Bob .
To his credit , Gates never allowed his relationship with Melinda to impact his willingness to listen to my critique .
But as was typical , Gates left the decision on going forward to the product team ; after all they needed to own the choices they made on their products .
Even if Bob was well - meaning , the implementation was striking out .
The market quickly proved that even if Bob was well - meaning , the implementation was striking out .
However , while it may seem easy to be critical of Bob , it is important to recognize that there were many users that did like the product and the approach of having a knowledgeable assistant , just not the majority .
Further , Bob was one of many attempts to try to simplify the existing GUI interfaces , including the Macintosh .
For example , there were products introduced for Windows or the Mac that offered even more literal desktop metaphors .
Some may remember that Apple ’s then president , John Sculley , introduced a a video that featured a bow - tied software agent as a part of a futuristic user interface .
There was also ongoing research at universities like MIT where professors such as Pattie Maes predicted the imminent reality of this idea .
I recall vividly attending a software agents seminar hosted by the MIT Media Lab , where its then director , Nicholas Negroponte , featured an actor playing a human butler as the metaphor for the next generation user interface .
There were also many conferences that focused on this approach at that time .
However , those ideas , including Bob , proved commercially unpopular at the time .
Bob Redux and the Birth of “ Clippy ”
Despite the quick demise of Microsoft Bob , the idea had not died at Microsoft .
The Office group was looking to address the challenge of a rich feature set and an increasingly overburdening interface of cascading menus and dialogs .
Looking for a solution , they adopted the Bob code and integrated it into Office ’s help interface .
It was motivated in part by a prototype that Eric Horvitz , a lead researcher in Microsoft ’s research division with a deep background in machine learning and Bayesian inference reasoning , built to show how tracking the user ’s interactions within an application could learn common tasks or interface sequences and enable the Office developers to streamline those tasks .
And so , Office 97 featured the Office Assistant as a new part of its interface .
However , while Office Assistant fared better than Bob had , it still received very mixed reaction .
This may be due in part to the fact that the Office team implemented their own design for what tasks the character ’s offered to help with .
Further , because they were derived from the original Bob code , Office Assistants appeared within their own rectangular window , making it difficult for the characters to appear integrated into the applications ’ interface ( e.g. point at a menu entry , dialog option , or other part of the applications interface ) .
It may also not have helped that the Office Assistant interface was only accessible to the Office applications and their plug-ins , and so could not be integrated into other Windows applications or into Windows itself .
The Office team created their own cadre of characters separate from Bob , including the now infamous “ Clippit ” the paperclip ( better known today as Clippy ) .
Unfortunately , the Office team may not have fully realized the impact of incorporating a social personality in the interface , and the characters were often considered more annoying than helpful .
The Office Assistant often showed up uninvited at other times offering suggestions – try as a user might to dismiss it .
For example , in the initial implementation , the Office Assistant would pop-up and block the user ’s ability to use the application until the user acknowledged the character ( after Office was first installed ) .
This was intended to help introduce this new feature in the interface .
Once the user acknowledged the character it did n’t happen again , but once was too much .
Beyond that , the Office Assistant often showed up uninvited at other times offering suggestions – try as a user might to dismiss it .
Further , the character might perform random animations while the user was working in the application often without a clear connection to the user ’s actions or other rationale .
For example , when the user saved their file , most characters would do a little dance ; perhaps cute , but distracting and , over time , annoying .
If the user had likely clicked File Save ( not the character directly ) , why was the character reacting ?
There were more subtle faux - pas including a character called Genius that looked like Einstein .
Nass and Reeves ’ research suggests that user expectations of human - like behavior are raised as characters become more human .
This Einstein character sneezed when you asked it to exit .
While no users were ever sprayed upon the character ’s departure , if you study Nass and Reeves , this is considered to be socially inappropriate and rude behavior .
It does n’t matter that they are just silly little animations on the screen ; most people still respond negatively to such behavior .
Microsoft had created social misfits .
So imagine if you had a human assistant who popped into your office unannounced , offered lame suggestions , randomly danced around for no logical reason , and sneezed in your face –you would n’t be happy .
These were only virtual personalities , but Microsoft had created social misfits .
If you are unconvinced about the social impact from synthetic entities , consider the popularity of animated movies like Toy Story , Wall - E , Shrek , and Up .
Does anyone not recognize elation and then disappointment in the Pixar Luxo lamp when it bounces and then deflates its ball ?
While we know these are not real things , we are able to easily identify with their emotion .
And Nass and Reeves would tell us it is far more subtle than you know , given that we learn to interpret social cues like facial features and sounds from the day we are born .
Human communication is heavily socially modulated .
Read more :
Why dudes should not give motivational speech
If at first you do n’t succeed , keep trying , or should you ?
This is the reason why dudes should not try giving motivational speech .
via Blame it On The Voices
Image caption Egypt's Ministry of Communications is amongst the first live web addresses
Arab nations are leading a " historic " charge to make the world wide web live up to its name .
Net regulator Icann has switched on a system that allows full web addresses that contain no Latin characters .
Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are the first countries to have so - called " country codes " written in Arabic scripts .
The move is the first step to allow web addresses in many scripts including Chinese , Thai and Tamil .
More than 20 countries have requested approval for international domains from the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) .
It said the new domains were " available for use now " although it admitted there was still some work to do before they worked correctly for everyone .
However , it said these were " mostly formalities " .
Icann 's senior director for internationalised domain names , Tina Dam , told BBC News that this has been " the most significant day " since the launch of the internet , adding that " it 's been a very big day for Icann , more so for the three Arabic countries that were the first to be introduced " .
Icann president Rod Beckstrom described the change as " historic " .
Read right
The introduction of the first web names using so - called country code top - level domains ( CCTLDs ) is the culmination of several years of work by the organisation .
Previously , websites could use some non-Latin letters , but the country codes such as .eg for Egypt had to be written in Latin script .
The three new suffixes will allow web addresses to be completely written in native characters .
The first country codes : Egypt : مص ر
Saudi Arabia : السعودية
United Arab Emirates : امارات Source : Icann
" All three are Arabic script domains , and will enable domain names written fully right - to - left , " said Kim Davies of Icann in a blog post .
One of the first websites with a full Arabic address is the Egyptian Ministry of Communications .
Egypt 's communication and information technology minister Tarek Kamal told the Associated Press that three Egyptian companies were the first to receive registrar licences for the '. masr ' domain , written in Arabic .
Mr Kamal described the development as a " milestone in internet history " .
Masr means Egypt in Arabic .
Some countries , such as China and Thailand , had already introduced workarounds that allow computer users to enter web addresses in their own language .
However , these were not internationally approved and do not necessarily work on all computers .
Ms Dam explained that the change was " not about shutting non-Arabic or non-Chinese speakers out of the internet .
" It 's about including that large part of our world into the internet today . "
She said there had previously been a risk the internet might have started to split .
" The chances are people would start creating their own internets , where it was only in Chinese , Arabic , Thai or whatever , " she said .
Icann warned that the internationalised domain names ( IDNs ) , as they are known , would also not work on all PCs immediately .
" You may see a mangled string of letters and numbers , and perhaps some percent signs or a couple of " xn --"s mixed into the address bar , " said Mr Davies .
" Or it may not work at all . "
Previously , Icann has said that people would have to update the software on their computers to view the domains .
" Computers never come with the complete set of fonts that will allow it to show every possible IDN in the world .
" Often this is fixed by downloading additional language packs for the missing languages , or specifically finding and installing fonts that support the wanted languages . "
Global access
When Icann first announced its plans for non-Latin web names it said it was the " biggest change " to the net " since it was invented 40 years ago " .
" Over half the internet users around the world do n't use a Latin - based script as their native language , " said Mr Beckstrom at the time .
" IDNs are about making the internet more global and accessible for everyone . "
Icann said it had received 21 requests for IDNs in 11 different languages , including Chinese , Russian , Tamil and Thai .
Website owners in Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates will now be able to apply for web addresses using the new country codes .
ST .
PAUL , Minn . - Thousands of nurses at 14 Twin Cities hospitals voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to reject contract proposals and authorize a strike as early as next month in a dispute over pension benefits and staffing levels .
Minnesota Nursing Association spokesman John Nemo said more than 90 percent of the 9,000 nurses voting Wednesday backed a walkout , which the union says would be the largest nurses ' strike in U.S. history .
The union said it would limit a strike to one day .
Nemo said the date has n't been picked , but it wo n't be until after the current contract expires on May 31 .
" It 's going to have the maximum impact on the employer , but cause the minimum amount of pain to the patients , " Nemo said .
Maureen Schriner , a spokeswoman for six Twin Cities hospitals that are negotiating as a group , said they are preparing for a walkout by lining up temporary nurses and reducing the number of patients they 'll have on strike days .
Several nurses said they hoped their vote would lead to more negotiations between the hospitals and the union .
" We want to be there for the kids , " said Sandy Drummer , 61 , a nurse at Children 's Hospital in Minneapolis .
" I do n't want the kids to suffer for that , but they are going to suffer now or suffer later if we give in to ( the hospitals ' ) demands . "
The hospitals want the ability to reduce nursing staff to levels that the union considers unsafe for patients .
The hospitals say cuts can be made safely thanks to technology and procedural changes , but many nurses disagree .
" Technology does not replace nurses , " said David Olson , 49 , a nurse in the emergency department at Abbott Northwestern Hospital in Minneapolis who voted to authorize a strike .
" It just does n't happen . "
Nemo said the hospitals also want to cut pension contributions by a third .
Schriner said the hospitals want flexibility to respond to the recession and to changes in the regulatory environment , patient expectations and patient populations .
Nemo said the contract would allow the hospitals to move nurses from department to department to respond to patient demand .
Nemo said nurses object to that because it could force them to work in areas they are not trained for .
Schriner rejected the idea that hospitals would move nurses into unfamiliar areas , saying doing so would be unsafe .
Some 12,000 nurses were eligible to vote on two proposals , one for a pension contract and one for a three - year labor contract .
The union recommended " no " votes on both .
A " no " vote also authorized a strike .
Schriner said the contract offer included small pay increases for all nurses , who earn an average of $ 79,000 a year .
It also included pay raises with seniority gains and still permits nurses to work part - time while getting full - time benefits .
" This contract does not represent a major change , " she said .
While a strike would affect thousands of patients , it would n't affect two of the largest Twin Cities hospitals , Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis and Regions Hospital in St. Paul , nor two large suburban hospitals in Maple Grove Hospital and Woodwinds in Woodbury .
Those hospitals do n't have union nurses or a contract up for renewal .
Labor disputes between hospitals and their nurses are n't new in Minnesota .
In 2001 , about 1,350 nurses walked off the job at two Fairview hospitals and in 1984 , 6,000 nurses struck the hospitals group for five weeks in what was then the nation 's largest nurses strike .
The Electronic Intifada , 28 May 2010
The Freedom Flotilla is en route to Gaza . ( Free Gaza )
The Freedom Flotilla of nine vessels sailing to the Gaza Strip is exposing the partisan nature of the response of the United Nations and the international community to Israel 's three - year siege on Gaza .
The siege -- enforced by land , air and sea -- has blocked the import and export of supplies , goods and persons in and out of the Gaza Strip for 35 months , punishing 1.4 million Palestinians in the tiny territory .
More than half of Gaza 's population are children and nearly 80 percent of the population lives in poverty .
Ninety percent of the natural sources of water are undrinkable , and school and health services continue to deteriorate , 17 months since Israel 's military invasion of Gaza in 2008 - 09 .
UN and international aid agencies have sent in limited food and humanitarian supplies to Gaza which managed to prevent starvation and the spread of disease .
In an effort to cause the fall of the Hamas authorities in Gaza , Israel has prohibited the UN and humanitarian organizations from sending in the amounts and the type goods that they deemed essential for redevelopment .
Therefore , the aid has never been enough to stop the deterioration of livelihoods and critical services like water and sanitation , education and health .
Key principles of humanitarian action include that the aid be delivered with neutrality and impartiality , it should " do no harm " to the people and that it not be used to advance political objectives .
These principles have been severely lacking in the international humanitarian operations in the Gaza Strip .
Throughout the blockade , it was well - known by the humanitarian and relief actors , including the most senior UN humanitarian officials , that their aid was failing to meet the critical needs of the population , especially the reconstruction needs which emerged after the extensive destruction from Israel 's military invasion .
The United Nations Development Program has just issued a report to this effect stating that :
" [ W ] hile some recovery is taking place , the realities on the ground show that the international community is , by and large , rendered ineffective in addressing the needs of people in Gaza , whether by default or by design .
In fact , in view of the scale of the needs , international assistance in Gaza is tantamount to tinkering at the edges .
...
Depriving people from their right to pursue a dignified life should raise an issue of conscience . "
Indeed , in the last two years of the blockade , the weekly average for humanitarian supplies going into Gaza hardly ever reached more than 20 percent of the total goods Israel allowed to be imported .
Israel benefited from the limited aid since it made the siege tolerable and reduced the urgent need to " break " it .
Despite this , in the three years of the blockade , the UN and Western - backed relief organizations continued to collaborate and comply with Israel 's prohibitive blockade guidelines for the import of goods and maintain their limited aid amounts .
They never took any real steps to break the siege nor to send in the prohibited but critical goods through other routes like the sea , air , the Rafah crossing on the Egyptian border , or even through the hundreds of smuggling tunnels which the World Bank reports constitute the main import route for most of Gaza 's goods .
Each one of these alternative routes would have entailed challenging the two main political positions of the Quartet ( the US , EU , Russia and UN ) and other Western donors on Gaza -- supporting Israel and Egypt and the non-recognition , no -contact policy with the Hamas authorities .
Even the London - based international humanitarian nongovernmental organization coalition , InterAction , comprised of 150 humanitarian organizations including Oxfam and Save the Children UK , rejected calling for goods to be sent via the sea as part of their large campaign against the siege last winter .
Not that nothing was attempted .
Aside from the limited aid , the UN and international aid community held many private meetings with the Israelis and issued statements , and more statements , each one half - heartedly calling for Israel to " open the crossings " and warning of the disaster to come .
They also spent almost half a year and dozens of hours debating and drafting a three - page document called the " Minimum Framework for the Delivery of Humanitarian Assistance to Gaza , " which did not focus on how to ensure that enough aid would reach the people of Gaza , but ironically , on the minimum necessary to ensure neutral and impartial humanitarian operations .
Describing itself as providing a modus operandi for the provision of assistance to Gaza , the framework offered no concrete plan of action on how to meet the humanitarian needs of Palestinians in Gaza ( i.e. by delivery through alternative routes ) , and made no call , let alone suggestion that the siege must end .
The great heavily - funded halls of these enormous relief operations continue to buzz with talk , rumblings of new strategies , monitoring frameworks and expensive but limited assistance operations .
However , the bona fide humanitarian leadership and inspiration to break the siege and end the suffering in Gaza , is not emanating from these halls today , but rather from the deep waters of the Mediterranean Sea aboard the Freedom Flotilla .
History will be the final judge .
Allegra Pacheco is an attorney and worked for an international humanitarian organization in the Occupied Palestinian Territories for seven years .
Today we are featuring the splatter effect artworks of cyber sensation Lora Zombie , an artist who focuses on traditional art in this advanced age .
Lora Zombie ( her previous username was Lora8 ) is a very popular designer , especially on the internet .
Her popularity resonates from her darkly themed watercolor based artworks .
And the very best of those artworks is what we are sharing today .
I ’d like to thank the awesome Designzzz reader Calem Bendell who suggested featuring Lora ’s work here .
You ’re awesome bro .
Lora Zombie ’s Splatter Effect Artworks
Black GoldFish
These black splatters are what get me in this painting .
Will come to take sadness away
One of the biggest aspect of Lora ’s art is the balance between abstract and clear image .
The sad panda , the crying girl , the smiling TV and a heart … all clear images .
Black Balloon
This is a pretty cute painting .
One of my favorites in this list .
Character
Man these are some bold strokes .
Just check out the splatters in the lower half of the painting .
Whale
This is one of the paintings that made Lora famous on the internet .
[ rta url = ” http://bit.ly/28Jq654″ text =” Tweet These Paintings ” ]
IAMX II
The dash or red really takes my breath away .
BILLY ’s band : ANTOSHA
This image fascinates me for many reasons .
The background has loads of colors , but the guy has none .
The guy playing the accordion seems to have bruised fingers , old shave , flyaway hair and dismayed eyes .
[ ad1 ]
BILLY ’s band
Can you count the men in this image ?
Mother Anarchy
This image reminds me so much of Soho .
Sleep
And now we come to my favorite painting in this list .
BILLY ’s band series
A flag with a fish skeleton on it … even though I consider myself good at giving meanings to the abstract , but this one stumps me .
Knock Before Enter
“ Zebra is just a handsome donkey ” – My Dad .
CORZH II
Do n’t speak .
Let your work make the noise for you .
Stop
Please stop for the animals on the road .
Blur
Here comes the thumbnail image .
Girl
This one also reminds me of Soho .
I think I should go back to London for a while .
[ rta url = ” http://bit.ly/28Jq654″ text =” Tweet These Paintings ” ]
BILLY ’s band MISHA
The painting of the passionate introvert .
That ’s all the paintings I had of Lora Zombie today .
If you know any other artist who needs to be featured at Designzzz then please do comment .
I ’ll make sure to add your artist ’s post as well .
First printing in October 2000 , second printing in April 2001 , third in May 2002 and fourth in January 2006 ( both softcover ) .
The ISBN numbers are 1-85233-268-9 and 1-85233-611-0 .
Courtesy to Springer - Verlag , you may now read the first edition of the book free of charge .
Note that this is a corrected version of the 1st edition of the book and , among other things , can be used to clarify some places of the book where a serious misprint or mistake occurs .
Several conjectures from the book has been solved .
Here is information on the solved conjectures .
Mathematics Subjects Classifications : 05C20 , 05C38 , 05C40 , 05C45 , 05C70 , 05C85 , 05C90 , 05C99 , 68R10 , 68Q25 , 68W05 , 68W40 90B06 , 90B70 , 90C35 , 94C15
Your comments are most welcome !
You may address them to
Despite a chorus of voices claiming otherwise , we are n’t Greece .
We are , however , looking more and more like Japan .
For the past few months , much commentary on the economy — some of it posing as reporting — has had one central theme : policy makers are doing too much .
Governments need to stop spending , we ’re told .
Greece is held up as a cautionary tale , and every uptick in the interest rate on U.S. government bonds is treated as an indication that markets are turning on America over its deficits .
Meanwhile , there are continual warnings that inflation is just around the corner , and that the Fed needs to pull back from its efforts to support the economy and get started on its “ exit strategy , ” tightening credit by selling off assets and raising interest rates .
And what about near - record unemployment , with long - term unemployment worse than at any time since the 1930s ?
What about the fact that the employment gains of the past few months , although welcome , have , so far , brought back fewer than 500,000 of the more than 8 million jobs lost in the wake of the financial crisis ?
Hey , worrying about the unemployed is just so 2009 .
But the truth is that policy makers are n’t doing too much ; they ’re doing too little .
Recent data do n’t suggest that America is heading for a Greece - style collapse of investor confidence .
Instead , they suggest that we may be heading for a Japan - style lost decade , trapped in a prolonged era of high unemployment and slow growth .
So the second day at the volcano ( oh yeah , I have the habit of being non-coherent regarding date and posts order ) I woke up in the car to a beautiful sunrise directly in the volcano cloud .
The ground was shaking and I could hear the rumble of the mountain in the distance .
The view was nothing short of amazing .
Since the previous day I did get behind the mountain offroad and there was no lava or even steam coming from the crater I taught I ’l follow the trail of ash that was heading south - east , towards the little town of Vik , 70 km away .
Vik is a beautiful town in the far south of the island that I have some photos from last time I was there ( the ones with a black beach and big waves ) .
Also a very nice place to try to spot the cute puffins that are so hard to find .
And that was the plan to do when I get there , however things were a little differend from last time .
As I drove by the cloud of ash was lower and lower until the da became like night and the air non breathable .
Ten seconds out of the car and the nose and eyes get full of thick pieces of ash , not the fine one you ’d imagine , but big pieces that you could feel hit you and brake on impact .
I finally was glad that I got a strong 4×4 , otherwise the car might have gotten stuck from the air filter and it was not a good place to be trapped on .
The more I drove the thicker the ash on the ground was until in Vik it was 10 cm thick .
From the beautiful town that I saw last time , Vik was now a ghost town by all means .
There was no one there , not on hte street at least , many vehicles were abandoned and houses looked deserted .
Because of the morning light from the sun the image was even eerier .
Hoever it was exactly at the end of the town where the disaster stoped , and from there on the sky was clear as ever and the air breathable again .
I am thinking however what the view would be when one of the big volcanoes ( Eyjafjallajökull is by all standards a small volcano ) will errupt and what it will do to our lifestyle and economy .
comments
Are you worried that we are passing our debt on to future generations ?
Well , you need not worry .
Before this recession it appeared that absent action , the government ’s long - term commitments would become a problem in a few decades .
I believe the government response to the recession has created budgetary stress sufficient to bring about the crisis much sooner .
Our generation — not our grandchildren ’s — will have to deal with the consequences .
According to the Bank for International Settlements , the United States ’ structural deficit — the amount of our deficit adjusted for the economic cycle — has increased from 3.1 percent of gross domestic product in 2007 to 9.2 percent in 2010 .
This does not take into account the very large liabilities the government has taken on by socializing losses in the housing market .
We have not seen the bills for bailing out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and even more so the Federal Housing Administration , which is issuing government - guaranteed loans to non-creditworthy borrowers on terms easier than anything offered during the housing bubble .
Government accounting is done on a cash basis , so promises to pay in the future — whether Social Security benefits or loan guarantees — do not count in the budget until the money goes out the door .
A good percentage of the structural increase in the deficit is because last year ’s “ stimulus ” was not stimulus in the traditional sense .
Rather than a one - time injection of spending to replace a cyclical reduction in private demand , the vast majority of the stimulus has been a permanent increase in the base level of government spending — including spending on federal jobs .
How different is the government today from what General Motors was a decade ago ?
Government employees are expensive and difficult to fire .
Bloomberg
News reported that from the last peak businesses have let go 8.5 million people , or 7.4 percent of the work force , while local governments have cut only 141,000 workers , or less than 1 percent .
Public sector jobs used to offer greater job security but lower pay .
Not anymore .
In 2008 , according to the Cato Institute , the average federal civilian salary with benefits was $ 119,982 , compared with $ 59,909 for the average private sector worker ; the disparity has grown enormously over the last decade .
lilyrecovers :
an ode to the boys who have loved me
i wanted to write you a poem
i just could n’t think what to say .
i ’m just gonna say it straight out
i am so fucking sorry i’m gay .
Blame it on the need to express oneself in as many avenues possible , or the tendency for this community to navel - gaze out of narcissism or frustration , but you ca n’t deny how comic strips are a brilliant outlet for these designers .
Each carries a different subject , sense of humor , and illustration style that you ’ll want to subscribe to all of them .
Brad Colbow : The Brads
Brad ’s also been tapped to create more informative strips such as Learning About Contrast in Design and Misunderstanding Markup : XHTML 2/HTML 5 .
Kyle Weems : CSS Squirrel
I ’ve mentioned CSS Squirrel when he announced his branching out to podcasting , but poking fun at the latest industry developments and insider info is where he shines .
N.C. Winters : Freelance Freedom
NC goes through the ups and downs of freelancing at Freelance Switch ’s Freelance Freedom .
Business Guys on Business Trips
BGOBT tells the most awful office tales in detailed narrations but minimal line art .
Matthew Inman : The Oatmeal
The man behind Mingle2 and SEOmoz , Matthew has gone on to create humorous quizzes and infographic - style comics at the very viral The Oatmeal .
Phil Thompson : The FrontEnders
Phil does a front - end spin on the British soap The Eastenders .
Ricardo Gimenes : Behind the Websites
Ricardo creates a fleet of colorful characters to represent different websites , and now makes strips for Smashing Magazine ’s The Smashing Cartoons .
Mr Edis said : " The prosecution case is this defendant intended to perpetrate acts of terrorism .
The ricin which he made would be used in pursuit in the cause espoused by the group . "
PHOENIX ( Reuters ) - A month ago , Efrain Gaytan ’s Mexican diner was bustling with migrant workers wolfing down a breakfast of eggs and burritos before they headed out to work as landscapers and day laborers across west Phoenix .
Oswaldo Alvarado helps customers at Importaciones Valentinas grocery and pinata store in Phoenix , May 11 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
But around 8 a.m. all but three tables are empty as customers rattled by Arizona ’s tough new law cracking down on illegal immigrants stay away -- even though the law does not go into effect until July .
“ Before , there would have been a lot of people eating breakfast but now everyone is worried that they ’re going to get pulled over , ” Gaytan , 42 , said one recent weekday morning .
The Arizona law requires state and local police , after making “ lawful contact , ” to check the immigration status of anyone they reasonably suspect is in the country illegally .
Migrant - dependent businesses from cafes and car dealers to pinata shops in the state capital Phoenix say they already are taking a big hit as fear ripples through the Hispanic community .
Gaytan , whose bright , clean diner offers Mexican staples such as beef soup and spicy seafood dishes , says turnover slumped 35 percent to 40 percent after Arizona ’s Republican Governor Jan Brewer signed the bill into law on April 23 .
Polls taken immediately after it passed showed the law was supported by almost two - thirds of Arizona voters and a majority of voters nationwide .
But opponents charge the state law is unconstitutional and a mandate for racial profiling .
They are seeking to derail it court .
Some migrants targeted by the law already have begun heading back to their home country or moving to other states , selling off their belongings at numerous weekend yard sales in Latino communities across metro Phoenix .
Others are opting to stay put , while trying to limit their exposure to possible arrest -- a tactic that second - hand car dealer Richard Ruiz says has devastated his business selling cheap cars to low - wage migrants in the city .
“ The people I sell to do n’t want to buy , they do n’t even want to drive , ” said Ruiz , 31 , who sells clunkers he picks up at auction to migrants for $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 .
“ They ’re taking cabs now or asking people who have documents to drive them to work . ”
‘ IT WILL BE A GHOST TOWN ’
Hispanics make up 30 percent of the desert state ’s population of 6.6 million and their annual buying power is estimated at $ 31 billion , according to a recent study by the Arizona Hispanic Chamber of Commerce .
Of about 50,000 Latino - owned business in the state , most are small family - owned firms in the Phoenix area , the Chamber said .
It has no hard estimate of the economic impact of the state immigration law on migrant - dependent firms .
However , some business owners say the plunge in spending since the measure was passed has thrown the future of their firms into doubt and threatened the jobs of their legal immigrant and U.S. - citizen employees .
Maritza Martinez , 36 , who has a party planning business selling cakes and pinatas to a niche Hispanic market in west Phoenix , said she has placed the store ’s lease on a month - to - month basis since the law was passed .
She put her workers -- all of them documented -- on short hours .
“ We normally work five days ( a week ) but now we ’re each resting two or three days , ” said Martinez , who said she has lost 70 percent of her bookings and taken on no new business since April 23 .
Gaytan , meanwhile , a naturalized U.S. citizen born in Mexico , says the three legal employees who cook , wait tables and ring up checks at his diner now face an uncertain future as his income plunges .
“ If it carries on like this , I ’ll have to close and fire my workers , ” said Gaytan , who is thinking of starting over in Oregon or New Mexico .
“ They have all got their own families and they ’re not going to want to go with me if I go to another state . ”
With his livelihood fast disappearing , car dealer Ruiz also is thinking of joining migrants fleeing Arizona , the state he has called home since leaving his native Florida a decade ago .
“ I do n’t see what else I can do but leave , ” he said .
“ There ’s not going to be anything left here .
It will be a ghost town . ”
The Flying Boat is Back
Composite construction makes Dornier Seastar a practical seaplane for all sorts of missions .
Editor ’s Note :
This story is excerpted from Computerworld .
For more Mac coverage , visit Computerworld ’s Macintosh Knowledge Center .
Apple ’s iPhone came out on top in terms of customer satisfaction compared with other smartphones , according to a survey of 1,009 consumers who bought smartphones in the last six months .
But Motorola phones running the Android operating system , including the Motorola Droid , came in a close second in the survey conducted by ChangeWave Research .
ChangeWave found 77 percent of iPhone customers said they were very satisfied with their purchase , ahead of owners of Motorola smartphones , with 64 percent .
Motorola ’s second place finish puts it well above the industry average for recent purchasers , ChangeWave said Wednesday .
In terms of mobile operating systems , the iPhone also finished on top with 71 percent saying they were very satisfied customers , while the Android coming in with a close second , with 67 percent very satisfied .
The Palm Web OS came in third with 57 percent of Palm users saying they were very satisfied .
The RIM OS finished " well behind the three industry leaders " with 37 percent , but ahead of Windows Mobile with 24 percent , ChangeWave wrote .
Owners of HTC devices finished third in customer satisfaction with 51 percent very satisfied , while Research in Motion ’s BlackBerry devices finished fourth , with 46 percent .
Palm devices were fifth with 45 percent , followed by LG at 40 percent and Samsung at 35 percent .
Motorola ’s Droid is driving the high satisfaction levels for Motorola , with 69 percent of Droid buyers saying they were very satisfied with the new Droid running on Android compared with 50 percent for all other Motorola models , ChangeWave said .
For HTC models , 68 percent of HTC
Hero customers surveyed said they were very satisfied , ahead of the HTC Droid Eris with 50 percent and HTC Touch with 38 percent .
The ChangeWave survey , conducted April 21 through May 2 , did not include results for the HTC Droid Incredible , which hit stores April 29 .
The Tour got the highest very satisfied rating of BlackBerry phones with 56 percent , beating out the Bold with 48 percent and the Storm with 45 percent .
ChangeWave also found that the biggest dislike on the minds of iPhone owners was AT&T as its service provider , by 22 percent , ahead of their dislike of the battery life ( 19 percent ) and lack of multitasking ( 11 percent ) .
For Motorola , the biggest dislike was battery life , with 14 percent .
ChangeWave also saw a surge of interest in Android devices in a survey of 4,000 potential smartphone buyers it conducted in December .
ChangeWave also has studied AT&T ’s role as the exclusive wireless carrier of the iPhone in the U.S. , noting in early May that more than half of Verizon Wireless subscribers surveyed said they would buy an iPhone if it were available with Verizon .
In the latest survey , 32 percent of smartphone owners said they would have purchased the iPhone if it was available from their carrier instead of the phone they did purchased .
Palm smartphone buyers showed the strongest interest in buying the iPhone , followed by Motorola buyers .
This story , " Of smartphone owners , iPhone users are the most satisfied " was originally published by Computerworld .
Events in the Times Square attempted bombing are unfolding in predictable fashion .
The chief suspect is an educated , middle - class Muslim who reportedly confessed to being trained in Pakistan , and possible accomplices are being rounded up there .
There is , however , one big difference that separates this case from others .
A major Islamic group is denouncing terrorism and calling on Muslims to show loyalty to America , or get out .
" Islam condemns terrorism unreservedly and totally , " Naseem Mahdi said yesterday , adding it is " the duty and responsibility of all Muslims living in the US to be loyal to the flag and to be law - abiding citizens . "
Mahdi is national vice president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community , which says it has tens of millions of followers around the world .
Its mosques in the U.S. include several in the New York area , and it claims its 1921 start makes it the first American - Muslim organization .
It is certainly the first to say so clearly what many Americans have been waiting to hear .
While it is true that terrorists are a small minority of Muslims , the majority has been too silent about this deadly scourge and too reluctant to help law enforcement .
Mahdi , who spoke at a press conference in Washington , told me he not only understands that view , he shares it .
His pet peeve is that the common Muslim complaint about the media misses the big picture .
" Look , if these people are doing suicide bombings and they are doing it in the name of Islam , there is no reason to complain about the media , " he said .
A Pakistani who lived in Europe and Canada , Mahdi also has choice words for Muslim immigrants who do n't appreciate American freedom and opportunity .
" My advice to them is to be bold and go live in the lands where their loyalties belong , " he told me .
" I know what I 'm saying here , I can't say in Pakistan . "
More power to him , and may many more echo his words .
Michael Goodwin is a New York Post columnist and Fox News contributor .
Click here to continue reading his column .
Fox News is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
This is a re-post from David Baron ’s blog .
This feature has landed in Mozilla Central ( trunk ) and only available with a Firefox Nightly Build for the time being .
Last night I landed support for :- moz - any ( ) selector grouping .
This allows providing alternatives between combinators , rather than having to repeat the entire selector for once piece that ’s different .
For example , it allowed replacing this rule in our user - agent style sheet :
/* 3 deep ( or more ) unordered lists use a square */ ol ol ul , ol ul ul , ol menu ul , ol dir ul , ol ol menu , ol ul menu , ol menu menu , ol dir menu , ol ol dir , ol ul dir , ol menu dir , ol dir dir , ul ol ul , ul ul ul , ul menu ul , ul dir ul , ul ol menu , ul ul menu , ul menu menu , ul dir menu , ul ol dir , ul ul dir , ul menu dir , ul dir dir , menu ol ul , menu ul ul , menu menu ul , menu dir ul , menu ol menu , menu ul menu , menu menu menu , menu dir menu , menu ol dir , menu ul dir , menu menu dir , menu dir dir , dir ol ul , dir ul ul , dir menu ul , dir dir ul , dir ol menu , dir ul menu , dir menu menu , dir dir menu , dir ol dir , dir ul dir , dir menu dir , dir dir dir { list - style - type : square ; }
with this one :
/* 3 deep ( or more ) unordered lists use a square */ :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) ul , :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) menu , :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) dir { list - style - type : square ; }
In theory , I could even have used :
/* 3 deep ( or more ) unordered lists use a square */ :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) :- moz - any ( ol , ul , menu , dir ) :- moz - any ( ul , menu , dir ) { list - style - type : square ; }
but this would have been slower since it no longer falls into the tag bucket .
( If :- moz - any ( ) turns out to be popular , we could add extra code so it ’s just as fast , but I have n’t done so yet . )
:- moz -any ( ) is allowed to contain selectors with multiple simple selectors ( using the css3- selectors definition of simple selectors , not the CSS 2.1 definition ) , but it is not allowed to contain combinators or pseudo - elements .
So you can write :-moz-any(p.warning.new , p.error , div#topnotice ) or :- moz - any ( : link , : visited ) .
external : - moz - any ( : active , : focus ) , but you ca n’t put “ div p ” or “ div > p or “ : first - letter ” inside :- moz -any ( ) .
This has a - moz - prefix for two reasons .
First , it ’s just a proposal , and has n’t made its way into any specification .
And second , it is n’t quite ready for prime - time , though , since it does n’t yet handle specificity correctly .
Note :
This will be extremely valuable in an HTML5 context when it comes to sections and headings .
Since section , article , aside , and nav can be nested , doing something like styling all h1 elements at different depths could be extremely complex .
/* Level 0 */ h1 { font - size : 30 px ; } /* Level 1 */ section h1 , article h1 , aside h1 , nav h1 { font - size : 25 px ; } /* Level 2 */ section section h1 , section article h1 , section aside h1 , section nav h1 , article section h1 , article article h1 , article aside h1 , article nav h1 , aside section h1 , aside article h1 , aside aside h1 , aside nav h1 , nav section h1 , nav article h1 , nav aside h1 , nav nav h1 , { font - size : 20 px ; } /* Level 3 */ /* ... do n't even think about it */
With - moz-any ( ) :
/* Level 0 */ h1 { font - size : 30 px ; } /* Level 1 */ - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) h1 { font - size : 25 px ; } /* Level 2 */ - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) h1 { font - size : 20 px ; } /* Level 3 */ - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) - moz - any ( section , article , aside , nav ) h1 { font - size : 15 px ; }
John Cleese is to embark on his first - ever UK tour next year at the age of 71 .
The comedian , who recently agreed a divorce settlement believed to be in the region of £ 12 m , has dubbed it the " Alimony Tour " .
Cleese , who rose to fame with Monty Python , promised the show would be " an evening of well - honed anecdotes , psychoanalytical titbits , details of recent surgical procedures , and unprovoked attacks on former colleagues , especially Michael Palin " .
His marriage to his third wife , Alyce Faye Eichelberger , broke down in 2008 and the divorce was settled in December of that year .
It is not the first time Cleese has turned to the stage to pay his alimony .
He previously took his A Ludicrous Evening with John Cleese ... or How to Finance Your Divorce tour to Scandinavia .
He said at the time that he was unhappy at being forced to go back to work .
Cleese said : " I get angry that I have to pack my trunk just to make money .
That I , at my age , would have to plan my life anew to pay her all the money she is to get for seven years – well it irritates me .
I 'd rather have been drinking coffee , reading books and writing .
I can't afford that now .
But if I really have to earn money , this is as pleasant a way of doing it as I can think of .
" The thing about being in the final stages of my career , is that I can be pretty sure that anyone who 's bought a ticket does n't hate me .
So , when I walk on stage , I get a nice reception , and the nerves disappear . "
The comedian let slip the size of the payout to his ex-wife , saying : " What I find so unfair is that if we both died today , her children would get much more than mine .
At least I will know in future if I go out with a lady they will not be after me for my money . "
Cleese also complained about the ongoing payments to his former wife , an American psychotherapist , author and talk radio host , saying : " I mean people are surprised when I say the figures .
When Alyce Faye and I split up she got $ 13 m [ £ 9 m ] and I got to keep $ 8 m .
But over the next seven years I have to pay her $ 1 m a year .
She needs it . "
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
I noted on the news that there is a new plan afoot to cool down the planet .
This one supposedly has been given big money by none other than Bill Gates .
The plan involves a fleet of ships that supposedly look like this :
Figure 1 . Artist ’s conception of cloud - making ships .
Of course , the first storm would flip this over immediately , but heck , it ’s only a fantasy , so who cares ?
SOURCE
The web site claims that :
Bill Gates Announces Funding for Seawater - Spraying Cloud Machines
The machines , developed by a San Francisco - based research group called Silver Lining , turn seawater into tiny particles that can be shot up over 3,000 feet in the air .
The particles increase the density of clouds by increasing the amount of nuclei contained within .
Silver Lining ’s floating machines can suck up ten tons of water per second .
What could possibly go wrong with such a brilliant plan ?
First , as usual the hype in this seems to have vastly outpaced the reality .
According to CBS News Tech Talk :
The machines , developed by a San Francisco - based research group called Silver Lining , turn seawater into tiny particles that can be shot up over 3,000 feet in the air .
The particles increase the density of clouds by increasing the amount of nuclei contained within .
Silver Lining ’s floating machines can suck up ten tons of water per second .
If all goes well , Silver Lining plans to test the process with 10 ships spread throughout 3800 square miles of ocean .
Geoengineering , an umbrella phrase to describe techniques that would allow humans to prevent global warming by manipulating the Earth ’s climate , has yet to result in any major projects .
However , this is just a quote from the same web site that showed the ship above .
CBS Tech Talk goes on to say :
A PR representative from Edelman later sent me this note from Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution for Science : “ Bill Gates made a grant to the University of Calgary to support research in possible unique solutions and responses to climate change .
Administrating this research funding , David Keith of the University of Calgary and I made a grant to Armand Neukermanns for lab tests to investigate the technical feasibility of producing the fine seawater sprays required by the Latham cloud whitening proposal , one of many proposals for mitigating some of the adverse effects of climate change .
This grant to Neukermanns is for lab tests only , not Silver Lining ’s field trials . ”
So Bill Gates is n’t funding the ships , and did n’t even decide to fund this particular fantasy , he just gave money to support research into “ possible unique solutions ” .
Well , I ’d say this one qualifies …
Next , after much searching I finally found the Silver Lining Project web site .
It says on the home page :
The Silver Lining Project is a not - for - profit international scientific research collaboration to study the effects of particles ( aerosols ) on clouds , and the influence of these cloud effects on climate systems .
Well , that sure sounds impressive .
Unfortunately , the web site is only four pages , and contains almost no information at all .
Intrigued , I emailed them at the address given on their web site , which is info(a) silverliningproj.org .
I quickly got this reply :
Delivery has failed to these recipients or distribution lists : info@silverliningproj.org
The recipient ’s e-mail address was not found in the recipient ’s e-mail system .
Microsoft Exchange will not try to redeliver this message for you .
Please check the e-mail address and try resending this message , or provide the following diagnostic text to your system administrator .
Hmmmm … not a good sign , four page web site , email address is dead … but onwards , ever onwards .
Let ’s look at a few numbers here .
First , over the tropical oceans , the rainfall is typically on the order of a couple of metres per year .
Per the info above , they are going to test the plan with one ship for every 380 square miles .
A square mile is about 2.6 square km , or 2.6 million square metres .
Three hundred eighty square miles is about a thousand square km .
Two metres of rainfall in that area is about two billion tonnes of water …
They say their ships will suck up “ ten tonnes of water per second ” .
That ’s about a third of a billion tonnes per year .
So if they run full - time , they will increase the amount of water in the air by about 15 % … which of course means 15 % more rain .
I do n’t know how folks in rainy zones will feel about a 15 % increase in their rainfall , but I foresee legalarity in the future …
Next , how much fuel will this use ?
The basic equation for pumps is :
Water flow ( in liters per second ) = 5.43 x pump power ( kilowatts ) / pressure ( bars )
So to pump 10,000 litres per second ( neglecting efficiency losses ) with a pressure of 3 bars ( 100 psi ) will require about 5,500 kilowatts .
This means about 50 million kilowatt - hours per year .
Figuring around 0.3 litres of fuel per kilowatt - hour ( again without inefficiencies ) , this means that each ship will burn about fifteen million litres of fuel per year , so call it maybe twenty five million litres per year including all of the inefficiencies plus some fuel to actually move the ship around the ocean .
All of these numbers are very generous , it will likely take more fuel than that .
But we ’ll use them .
Next , the money to do this … ho , ho , ho …
You can buy a used fire fighting ship for about fifteen million dollars , but it will only pump about 0.8 tonnes / second .
So a new ship to pump ten tonnes per second might cost on the order of say twenty million US dollars .
You ’d need a crew of about twelve guys to run the ship 24 / 7 .
That ’s three eight - hour shifts of four men per shift .
On average they will likely cost about US $ 80,000 per year including food and benefits and miscellaneous , so that ’s about a million per year .
Then we have fuel costs of say US $ 0.75 per litre , so there ’s about ten million bucks per year there .
Another web site says :
A study commissioned by the Copenhagen Consensus Centre , a European think - tank , has estimated that a wind - powered fleet of 1,900 ships to cruise the world ’s oceans , spraying sea water from towers to create and brighten clouds , could be built for $ 9 billion .
The idea would be to operate most of the ships far offshore in the Pacific so they would not interfere with weather on land .
My numbers say $ 38 billion for the ships … and “ wind - powered ” ?
As a long time sailor , I can only say “ get real ” …
However , that ’s just for the ships .
Remember that we are talking about $ 11 million per ship for annual pumping fuel costs plus labour … which is an annual cost of another $ 20 billion dollars …
Finally , they say that they are going to test this using one ship per 380 square miles … and that they can blanket the world with 1,900 ships .
That makes a total of around three quarters of a million square miles covered by the 1,900 ships .
The surface of the world ocean , however , is about 140 million square miles , so they will be covering about half a percent of the world ocean with the 1,900 ships .
Half a percent .
If that were all in the Pacific Ocean per the citation above , here ’s how much it would cover :
Figure 2 . Area covered by 1,900 cloud making ships .
Yeah , brightening that would make a huge difference , especially considering half of the time it would n’t even see the sun …
See , my problem is that I ’m a practical guy , and I ’ve spent a good chunk of my life working with machinery around the ocean .
Which is why I do n’t have a lot of time for “ think - tanks ” and “ research groups ” .
Before I start a project , I do a back - of - the - envelope calculation to see if it makes sense .
My calculations show that this will cost forty billion dollars to start , and twenty billion per year to run , not counting things like ship maintenance and redundancy and emergencies and machinery replacement and insurance and a fleet of tankers to refuel the pump ships at sea and , and , and …
And for all of that , we may make a slight difference on half a percent of the ocean surface .
Even if I ’ve overestimated the costs by 100 % ( always possible , although things usually cost more than estimated rather than less ) , that ’s a huge amount of money for a change too small to measure on a global scale .
Now Bill Gates is a smart guy .
But on this one , I think he may have let his heart rule his head .
One of the web sites quoted above closes by saying :
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation did not respond to requests for comment on Tuesday , nor did U.S. entrepreneur Kelly Wanser , who is leading the Silver Lining Project .
Smart move … what we have here is a non-viable non-solution to a non-problem .
I would n’t want to comment either , especially since this non-solution will burn about 27 billion litres ( about 7 billion US gallons ) of fuel per year to supposedly “ solve ” the problem supposedly caused by CO2 from burning fuel …
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
A second - grader may have unwittingly blown the whistle on her mother 's citizenship status during Michelle Obama 's visit to a Silver Spring , Md. , school -- and right in front of Mexico 's first lady .
Margarita Zavala joined Mrs. Obama for a visit to New Hampshire Estates Elementary School Wednesday .
During a question - and - answer session , one girl took her immigration concerns to the top , telling Mrs. Obama that her mom says that " Barack Obama is taking everybody away that does n't have papers . "
The first lady replied that they have to make sure people living in the United States have the proper citizenship papers .
" That 's exactly right , " Mrs. Obama added .
" But my mom does n't have papers , " the worried girl said .
" Well , we have to work on that , " Obama said .
" We have to fix that and everybody 's got to work together in Congress to make sure that happens . "
For her mother 's sake , we hope the girl was talking about the Washington Post .
New Hampshire Estates Elementary School principal Jane Litchko would n't identify the student but told the Assoiciated Press that a parent signed a release allowing the child to participate and be filmed .
Litchko said the school does n't inquire about the immigration status of families .
The first ladies also participated in gym class , hopping and skipping with students and even joining them in the parachute game , the Associated Press reported .
They preached the importance of healthy living for both body and mind , and they were there for the free lunch program , helping students pass bowls of broccoli around the cafeteria .
New Hampshire Estates Elementary won the USDA 's Healthier U.S. School Challenge Silver Award in 2009 for teaching healthy living .
The school serves more than 400 pre-kindergarten , Head Start , and first - and second - grade students -- including many from countries in Central America and South America -- and is involved in a program designed to protect and restore butterfly habitats across North America , the AP reported .
Mrs. Zavala gave students she met butterfly books from the Mexican state of Michoacan .
UPDATE : The Feds say they wo n't pursue the girl 's family .
Fears over Greek crisis continue to drive down global markets
By Bill Van Auken
8 May 2010
Despite the Greek parliament ’s approval of drastic austerity measures , fears that the country ’s economic crisis will deepen and spread to other nations continued to drive down international markets Friday .
The panic selling that saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet by nearly 1,000 points , or about nine percent — a steeper drop than even in the wake of the Lehman Brothers collapse in 2008 — continued to reverberate around the world , hitting markets in Asia and Europe and leaving share prices on the New York Stock Exchange down again on Friday .
In Asia , Japan ’s Nikkei 225 index was among the worst hit , closing down 3.1 percent on top of a 3.3 fall on Thursday .
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama told reporters Friday that “ Japan is very concerned about Greece ’s problems and the government will deal solidly with any fallout . ”
The Bank of Japan poured another 2 trillion yen ( nearly US $ 22 billion ) into the country ’s financial institutions .
It marked the biggest emergency injection by the central bank since December 2008 .
There are growing concerns about Japan ’s own mounting national debt .
In Europe , the FTSE 100 in London was down 2.6 percent ; Frankfurt ’s DAX fell 3.27 percent and the CAC - 40 in Paris dropped 4.13 percent .
After another day of hectic trading on Wall Street , the Dow closed down nearly 140 points , or 1.33 percent .
This came on top of Thursday ’s 3.2 percent drop .
The index has now fallen by nearly 7.5 percent compared to last month , and most financial analysts predict that the decline will continue .
The media , led by the talking heads on the cable television financial programs , cast about for explanations for Thursday ’s market seizure , pointing to computerized trading and even a so - called “ heavy finger ” trade in which it was rumored that a trader for a major US bank had mistakenly substituted “ b ” for “ m ” and sold billions instead of millions in stock .
This theory was largely discounted before the trading was over Friday .
No one could verify that such a trade had been made , and financial analysts pointed out that under conditions of an otherwise healthy market , such an error would have had a negligible effect .
The US Security and Exchange Commission , meanwhile , announced that it is launching a probe of Thursday ’s trading to see if the staggering fall in share prices was connected to any “ irregularities . ”
Serious analysts could not obscure the obvious , however .
The sell - off on the international markets was the result of a growing panic among the world ’s ruling elites over the events in Greece .
Investors watched live television coverage of tens of thousands of Greek workers battling riot police outside the parliament building in Athens and suffered a severe crisis in confidence , not just in Greek debt , but in the stability of the world capitalist system generally .
There was a palpable fear that similar eruptions are on the horizon throughout Europe , Asia and in the United States itself as governments pursue similar measures to those being imposed in Greece as a means of forcing working people to pay for the massive debts of the banks and for the ballooning public deficits that have been incurred to prop up the financial sector .
As the Washington Post reported , the continued plummeting of share prices on the world stock markets was being driven by “ evidence of a scary proposition :
That the fiscal crisis that began in Greece months ago is spreading across Europe like a virus , causing growing doubt even about the fate of nations with far more manageable levels of government debt . ”
This includes Spain , which has come under increasing financial pressure , despite having considerably less debt , compared to the size of its economy , than Britain or the United States .
The result of this “ contagion effect , ” the Post continued , is that investors are selling off their investments in other countries ’ debts , creating a kind of self - fulfilling prophecy .
These countries , in turn , must pay “ higher and higher interest rates to get any loans , ” unleashing a “ fiscal death spiral . ”
New York Times economic analyst Floyd Norris wrote Friday that “ fears are growing that Europe , which is worried that the crisis in Greece could be followed [ by ] ones in Portugal and Spain , will follow the pattern laid down by the United States government in 2007 , when officials offered frequent reassurances that the sub - prime mortgage problem was ‘ contained ’ but delayed taking the bold action that finally did stop the panic . ”
Mohamed A. El - Erian , the chief executive of the money management firm , Pimco , told the Times : “ There is a recognition that the Greek crisis has morphed not into not only a European crisis , but is going global . ”
This sense that the Greek events pose a grave threat to the world capitalist economy found expression in an emergency teleconference held Friday by the finance ministers and central bankers of the Group of 7 — United States , Germany , Japan , Britain , France , Italy and Canada .
Canada ’s Finance Minister Jim Flaherty told reporters after the conference that all those participating grasped the “ urgency ” of the crisis and understood “ the need for a clear , timely and strong response . ”
He gave no indication , however , as to what that response would be .
In Germany on Friday , the parliament voted to approve the country ’s share of the 110 billion euro ( $ 140 billion ) Greek rescue package put together by the European Union and International Monetary Fund .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble warned , “ It would be devastating to even risk a chance of Greece , a member of the euro zone , going bankrupt . ”
The result , he suggested , would be the end of Europe ’s common currency , the euro and the entire project of capitalist unification of the continent .
In Brussels , meanwhile , the heads of state of the 16 Eurozone nations met Friday evening to discuss final details on the EU section of the financial package .
The prerequisite for the meeting was the vote by the Greek parliament the night before to pass a sweeping and draconian package of austerity measures that resembled the kind of International Monetary Fund “ shock therapy ” programs imposed in much of Latin America during the debt crisis of the 1980s and 1990s .
The bitter opposition of Greek working people to being forced to pay for the crisis created by the financial elite erupted into pitched battles between demonstrators and riot police outside the parliament building in Athens .
Controversy over the package approved by the Greek legislators continued to build on Friday with the announcement by Finance Minister Giorgos Papakonstantinou that the legislation would allow the government of Prime Minister George Papandreou to sign agreements with the EU and the IMF without first submitting them to parliament .
Papakonstantinou said that the EU had demanded the provision , and that the government immediately accepted it to expedite the loan disbursements .
LONDON — Tony Hayward thought he had finally slain all of BP PLC 's demons .
Now a new one has reared up , and it's the size of Puerto Rico .
BP 's chief executive is coming under mounting pressure over the vast spill spreading in the Gulf of Mexico , which was caused when a giant drilling rig there caught fire and sank , with the loss of 11 crew members .
The oil , still spewing from the well on the ocean floor , threatens to blacken the Louisana shoreline , and BP 's reputation .
From ...
Splice helmer Vincenzo Natali will direct the big screen adaptation of author William Gibson ’s 1984 novel “ Neuromancer . ”
The following is how the book is described by publisher Ace Books ;
The Matrix is a world within the world , a global consensus - hallucination , the representation of every byte of data in cyberspace …
Case had been the sharpest data - thief in the business , until vengeful former employees crippled his nervous system .
But now a new and very mysterious employer recruits him for a last - chance run .
The target : an unthinkably powerful artificial intelligence orbiting Earth in service of the sinister Tessier - Ashpool business clan .
With a dead man riding shotgun and Molly , mirror - eyed street - samurai , to watch his back , Case embarks on an adventure that ups the ante on an entire genre of fiction .
Hotwired to the leading edges of art and technology , Neuromancer ranks with 1984 and Brave New World as one of the century ’s most potent visions of the future .
Warner Bros. Pictures will release Splice on June 4 .
For some newly - added TV spots and the UK trailer , go here .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As part of the effort to mitigate the more than 3 million gallons of oil that have been released into the Gulf of Mexico , BP is using chemical dispersants to break down the oil and prevent it from hitting land .
But the exact make - up of those chemical compounds is unknown , and some environmentalists believe that BP ’s solution might actually be worse than the problem .
The chemical compounds break down the oil into smaller globs , causing it to sink and biodegrade faster .
In the past week , more information has been released out about what BP and the Coast Guard are dumping into the Gulf .
And while it ’s a relief to have some information , what we ’re hearing is less than reassuring .
The combination of oil and chemicals , say critics , is creating a “ toxic soup ” in the Gulf .
The Deepwater Horizon Joint Information Center , the unified command office set up to deal with the spill , reports that 308,885 gallons of dispersant have been spread over the spill site as of Sunday .
The two main chemicals being used in the clean - up effort are Corexit 9500 and Corexit ( R ) EC9527A .
BP has reportedly ordered 15 million gallons of Corexit ( and says it has stockpiled a third of the world ’s supply of dispersants ) .
While BP wo n’t disclose the make - up of these compounds , arguing that this is proprietary information , the Coast Guard has posted the safety data sheets for both the 9500 and ( R ) EC9527A varieties online .
And the documents raise serious questions about the environmental impact of the chemicals being used to clean up the spill .
The compounds contain 2 - butoxyethanol , which can cause headaches , vomiting and reproductive problems at high doses .
The “ Human Health Hazards ” section of the document on ( R ) EC9527A notes :
Can cause moderate irritation .
Harmful if absorbed through skin .
May be harmful if swallowed .
May cause liver and kidney effects and / or damage .
There may be irritation to the gastro - intestinal tract .
Excessive exposure may cause central nervous system effects , nausea , vomiting , anesthetic or narcotic effects .
Repeated or excessive exposure to butoxyethanol may cause injury to red blood cells ( hemolysis ) , kidney or the liver .
The form also characterizes the chemical ’s potential impact on sea life in the Gulf as “ moderate , ” and notes , “ No toxicity studies have been conducted on this product . ”
So , according to BP ’s own documents , it appears that the company has not analyzed the potential environmental effects of the dispersant — or is not disclosing them on the safety sheet .
( Hat tip to Andy Rowell at Oil Change International for catching this ) .
According to the safety data sheet for Corexit 9500 , its environmental and human health impacts are somewhat less alarming .
However , this is not an independent analysis — the safety information was provided by NALCO , the chemical company that produces Corexit .
The Deepwater Horizon unified command center did not respond to a request to speak to Environmental Protection Agency officials on the ground in the Gulf , though the EPA has posted a fact sheet about toxicity and effectiveness of a variety of dispersants .
Many environmental advocates are questioning whether the dispersants may do more harm than good in the long - term .
A group called Protect the Ocean points out , “ Corexit 9500 is four times as toxic as the oil itself . ”
Jacqueline Savitz , director of pollution campaigns at the oceans advocacy group Oceana , says it ’s a lose - lose situation : Both the chemicals and the oil in the water are environmental nightmares .
“ These chemicals are toxic .
It would probably be illegal to dump them in the ocean under any other circumstances , ” she says .
“ It ’s a trade - off between oiling the shoreline and oiling the ocean . ”
The dispersants may protect the coastline and its ecosystems , but the chemicals and the oil remnants will affect sea life , like the blue fin tuna ( which is currently spawning in the region ) , shrimp , oysters , and crabs .
The combination of dispersed oil and chemicals is actually more toxic than the oil alone , and can also spread out farther in the Gulf , says Savitz .
“ Whether or not you think dispersants are a good idea depends on whether you ’re a shore bird or a fish . ”
Dr. Riki Ott , a marine toxicologist and former commercial fisher in Alaska at the time of the Exxon Valdez spill , has been in the Gulf area meeting with fisherman and communities to discuss the potential impacts .
While Exxon used dispersants to clean up the Alaska spill , which have had long - term impacts on herring and salmon , what ’s going on in the Gulf now is unprecedented , she warns .
“ We ’ve never released them at this rate before , so much , so fast , ” said Ott .
She said lab tests on the toxicity of the dispersants do n’t reflect the reality of how these agents can affect an ecosystem .
The use of the chemicals in such large volumes , she said , “ has the potential to cause intergenerational harm . ”
A 2005 National Academy of Sciences report on oil spills and dispersant chemicals found that the combination can kill fish eggs and impair development of surviving fish , and accumulate in shellfish like mussels .
“ There is insufficient understanding of the fate of dispersed oil in aquatic ecosystems , ” the report concludes .
Wired reports that an alternative dispersant , called Dispersit , is being tested , which is “ twice as good at breaking down South Louisiana crude oil ” and “ half as toxic . ”
But it ’s not known whether this alternative can be deployed fast enough .
The bigger issue , says Oceana ’s Savitz , is that the dispersants are used to enable offshore drilling , with little attention given to their potential impact until a major spill necessitates their use .
Oil companies will point to the chemicals as a potential option for mitigation in the event of a spill .
“ We ’re enabling risky offshore drilling that we should n’t be doing in the first place , ” said Savitz .
“ If we deemed the toxicity of dispersants as unacceptable , it would be harder for them to get approval . ”
This is the first year that an owl has made it a home .
Molly laid 5 eggs in Feb , one died and one has hatched .
4 more will hatch this week live on camera .
One of the alarming side effects of obesity is that it apparently causes brain damage .
The federal government , which ran up an $ 83 billion deficit just in April , the one month it normally counts on a surplus thanks to Tax Day , is obese .
So maybe it ’s time to check its brain function .
“ Not a single expert that we ’ve consulted has said that having the federal government tell people what to do is the way to solve ” the obesity problem , Michelle Obama told reporters on Tuesday — the same day she thunkingly delivered a 124 - page White House Task Force report which gloats that “ Twelve Federal agencies participated actively , ” cites “ recommendations . . for federal action ” and promises that “ leaders in the public and private sectors .
. . are ready and waiting to put this plan into action . ”
The catchall is this : “ The Federal government . . . should provide clear , actionable guidance to states , providers and families on how to increase physical activity , improve nutrition , and reduce screen time . ”
How is that not telling people what to do ?
Also not telling people what to do is Mayor Bloomberg , who this spring ordered food manufacturers to reduce the sodium content or else , threatening , “ You can see already there are people in government urging regulation of sodium .
I think we ’d be much better off letting the marketplace do that . ”
By “ marketplace , ” he apparently meant “ Mayor ’s office . ”
This week , Heinz reformulated its signature ketchup with 15 % less sodium .
Meanwhile , Gov. Paterson continues to push a tax on drinks and powdered beverages that would add 67 cents to the price of a two - liter bottle of soda and virtually double the price of a can of lemonade mix .
Pretty soon Kool - Aid Man is going to find himself exiled to the same Gitmo as the Marlboro Man .
Obesity generates big fat headlines , which the state , the city and Washington love .
It ’s a crisis , and it wo n’t go to waste .
The political class is hungrily loading its plates with more government employees , whose salaries and pensions you ’ll be paying forever , engorging itself on your taxes and nibbling away at business and its ability to sell legal products .
What the Fatty Poppins crew is n’t doing is much of anything that is likely to trim America ’s waistline .
The federal task force paper , the one with the fantasy title , “ Solving the Problem of Childhood Obesity within a Generation , ” basically shakes out into the following categories :
( a) Vague , toothless suggestions — the phrase “ should be encouraged ” is used more than 60 times — about changes that might be nice but that we do n’t really need to read in a report .
Example : “ Young children should be encouraged to spend less time using digital media . ”
OK .
How ?
Why , “ the AAP [ American Academy of Pediatrics ] guidelines should be made more available . ”
Great !
Tell Susie about the AAP guidelines when she ’s screaming for “ Dora the Explorer . ”
Tell Susie ’s mom about the AAP guidelines when she would gladly pay Dora a week ’s wages to get her kid to sit down and be quiet for half an hour .
( b) Plans to beef up the Nanny Squad — more professional hectoring .
Breast - feeding your child , for instance , seems to give him a better shot at not being obese .
So let ’s have more federal spending on breast - feeding peer - counseling groups and on home visits to encourage mothers to breast - feed .
This after a 20 - year nationwide push to get more women to breast - feed has simply been ignored by lots of women , either because they ca n’t or they find it incredibly irritating .
( c) More measuring .
We know obesity is a problem , but just to be sure we need to spend more resources to study it .
We must “ prioritize routine surveillance ” of , for example , the weight of mothers before and just after they give birth .
( How the government , or any other force on earth , is going to talk such women into letting them look over their shoulders as they step on the scale is not revealed . )
Right on cue , a Wisconsin congressman introduced a bill requiring states to report to Washington the body - mass index of all children aged two to 18 .
(d) Useless programs that nobody can seriously expect will do much good .
According to the geniuses in the White House , expectant mothers who gain either too much or too little weight during pregnancy ( both factors have been linked to obesity of the resulting infant ) will change their habits because of “ Text4baby , ” a service that sends three messages per week until your baby is a year old .
Text4 baby may sound like a program that could be run by a 22 - year - old out of his apartment in Fort Greene , but the government does n’t do small .
Its website says it ’s “ made possible through a broad , public - private partnership that includes government , corporations , academic institutions , professional associations , tribal agencies and non-profit organizations . ”
Even MTV is on board , providing a blatant plug for Text4Baby on an obviously scripted segment on its “ 16 and Pregnant ” series in which a young mother praised the service for reminding her to take her baby to the doctor .
If you ’re the kind of mom who ca n’t remember to take your baby to the doctor , is a government text message really going to change your character ?
(e) Threats of more regulations and taxes .
Of course , the paper all but promises a fat tax : “ A tax strategy to discourage consumption of foods and beverages that have minimal nutritional value . . . could generate considerable revenue to fund obesity - fighting programs . ”
That ’s true .
Such a tax could indeed generate considerable cash to hire more functionaries tasked with telling us we ’re too fat , to weigh us , to text us and to publish more press releases about the effects of exercise , TV and fast food .
But would such taxes make us thinner ?
A 2005 study led by Hayley Chouinard of Washington State University concluded , “ A fat tax may be an effective means to raise revenue , but will not result in a significant reduction in fat consumption . . .
These fat taxes are regressive in nature , as the elderly and poor suffer greater welfare losses . ”
A 2006 paper co-authored by USDA economics researcher William Levedahl said , “ Empirical estimates . . . suggest that a fat tax designed to raise revenues to finance nutritional education efforts may increase the total consumption of fat . ”
For instance , if beef were made more expensive , people would shift down to cheaper , fattier cuts .
Even better : since people tend to eat less fat as they climb the socioeconomic ladder , the study says , “ perhaps a more effective strategy for reducing the consumption of fat from meat would be to pursue policies that increased income . ”
( One proven way to increase income : cut taxes instead of raising them . )
A study published in the Journal of Health Economics in 2008 said , “ Although it is intuitive that raising the price of high - calorie food will decrease consumption of such goods , it is not clear that such an outcome will actually reduce weight .
Our empirical analysis demonstrates a case where a tax on food away from home , a food intake category blamed for much of the rise in obesity , could lead to an increase in body weight . ”
The White House study seems vaguely aware that a fat tax would n’t work .
It says , “ current state - level tax rates on soda purchases have had a relatively small impact on adolescent and adult weights . ”
You know there ’s a “ but ” coming , right ?
Here it is : “ But a higher tax rate would likely have a greater impact on consumption , as evidenced by the effects of the substantial rise in tobacco taxes . ”
Eep .
Federal , state and city taxes total $ 5.26 per pack of smokes sold in New York City .
But tobacco is a special case , the single most toxic substance Americans commonly consume .
No amount of smoking is n’t dangerous , a lot of smoking is really dangerous and nicotine is highly addictive .
How did Coca - Cola get lumped in with Camels ?
If government wants a culprit for the national scourge , it might start with a glance in the mirror .
Americans are fat because Uncle Sam is forever holding out the ladle and saying , “ One more bite , dear . ”
Enduring federal subsidies keep going to agribusiness to make corn , sugar cane and soy cheap .
The continent is positively sticky with federally - subsidized high fructose corn syrup .
Meat and dairy production get massive handouts .
So do the kings of the burgers .
Fast - food joints have pocketed hundreds of millions in federal checks for “ job training ” — programs with names like “ The Work Opportunity Tax Credit ” that pay them to hire people they would have hired anyway .
( A 1996 study found that 92 % of these shake shack serfs would have gotten the job even without a subsidy . )
Less than 1 % of federal food subsidies go to fruit and vegetable production .
How about we get rid of the other 99 ?
That might help with the Whole Foods / McDonald ’s problem — the “ access ” issue .
Blacks and Hispanics , the reasoning goes , are especially liable to be obese because they ’re surrounded by junk food .
You want a Whole Foods in Harlem ?
Stop subsidizing junk food and maybe pony up a nice tax abatement instead of hiring an army of federal text - messagers and postpartum mother - weighers .
I ’m sure John Mackey would be happy to discuss a superstore .
( Which would immediately be opposed by neighborhood pols yammering on about the collateral damage to “ mom and pop ” businesses — even the moms and pops who sell Funyuns . )
The White House report says local governments “ should be encouraged ” to do exactly this kind of thing but does n’t offer to do it in D.C .
So the feds are telling local governments :
Feel free to decrease your tax revenue when fighting against obesity .
In Washington , we ’re not so into that .
Harlem might not take to Whole Foods , a k a Whole Paycheck , anyway — because of the prices .
Subsidize that arugula !
Then we could talk about the absurdity of the government lavishing funding on the lifestyle choices of the slick and slender .
It ’s not like that has n’t happened before ( electric cars , the mortgage interest deduction , all those tutus and British accents on PBS ) .
Still , what ’s the difference between giving to the rich and taking from the poor ?
Either scheme is regressive .
Yet one way increases government revenue , expands its payrolls , and satisfies its members ’ urge to control .
You could almost call it a . . . craving .
Kyle.smith@nypost.com
How butterfly wings could make our bank notes almost impossible to forge
Scientists at Cambridge University have found a way to mimic the colours on tropical butterfly wings , which could be used to make bank notes and credit cards far harder to forge .
The team made structurally identical copies of the scales on wings , which create the same iridescent colour when light bounces off them .
Scientists have been able to mimic the intricate optical designs found on butterfly wings
Mathias Kolle , of Cambridge University , said the amazing discovery was like unlocking one of nature 's secrets .
' These artificial structures could be used to encrypt information in optical signatures on banknotes or other valuable items to protect them against forgery , ' he said .
' We still need to refine our system but in future we could see structures based on butterflies wings shining from a £ 10 note or even our passports . '
Mr Kolle working with Professor Ullrich Steiner and Professor Jeremy Baumberg , studied the Indonesian Peacock or Swallowtail butterfly ( Papilio blumei ) , whose wing scales are composed of intricate microscopic structures that resemble the inside of an egg carton .
Because of their shape and the fact they are made up of alternate layers of cuticle and air , these structures produce intense colours when light bounces off them .
The intricate butterfly scales may have evolved so the insect would appear one colour to potential mates and another hue to predators
Mr Kolle and his colleagues used a combination of nanofabrication procedures to make structurally identical copies of the butterfly scales , and these copies produced the same vivid colours as the butterflies ' wings .
Nanofabrication is used to create incredibly small devices which are measured in nanometres .
One nanometre is equivalent to a millionth of a millimetre .
' We have unlocked one of nature 's secrets and combined this knowledge with state - of - the - art nanofabrication to mimic the intricate optical designs found in nature , ' he said
' Although nature is better at self - assembly than we are , we have the advantage that we can use a wider variety of artificial , custom - made materials to optimise our optical structures . '
The butterfly may also be using its colours to encrypt itself , appearing one colour to potential mates but another colour to predators .
Mr Kolle explains :
' The shiny green patches on this tropical butterfly 's wing scales are a stunning example of nature 's ingenuity in optical design .
' Seen with the right optical equipment these patches appear bright blue , but with the naked eye they appear green .
This could explain why the butterfly has evolved this way of producing colour .
' If its eyes see fellow butterflies as bright blue , while predators only see green patches in a green tropical environment , then it can hide from predators at the same time as remaining visible to members of its own species . '
Why do women leave science and engineering ?
Jennifer Hunt
American women leave science and engineering at a higher frequency than men .
This column suggests that the gender gap is explained by women ’s relative dissatisfaction with pay and promotion opportunities .
This gap is correlated with a high share of men in the industry .
Remedies should therefore focus on such fields with a high share of male workers .
American policy analysts are concerned about the declining US share in world patenting and scientific publishing .
Many trace to the perceived failure of the US to educate as many scientists and engineers as “ competitor ” countries .
One possible solution to this problem is to increase skilled immigration in science and engineering .
An alternative is to increase the number of natives in science and engineering , with the under - represented groups of women and minorities as obvious targets .
The National Academy of Sciences ( 2007 ) and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - USA ( 2007 ) recommend both immigration - based solutions and domestic solutions such as better primary and secondary education , more public research funding , and special scholarships to encourage natives to study science and engineering .
Hewlett et al. ( 2008 ) emphasise another strategy : increased retention of women in science and engineering .
They identify reasons why women leave science and engineering at a higher rate than men , and propose ways to make science and engineering careers more “ friendly ” to women .
If women leave science and engineering at disproportionate rates , this could be an indicator of inefficiency , supporting the contention that the US has too few scientists and engineers .
Certain practices in science and engineering firms may prevent women from reaching their full potential , or there may be outright discrimination against women in such firms .
The existence of such practices or discrimination could in turn discourage women from entering science and engineering in the first place .
In my recent work ( Hunt 2010 ) , I investigate whether female exits from science and engineering are disproportionate compared to other fields and why this might be .
I also consider whether high female exits are simply a hallmark of male - dominated fields generally , rather than of science and engineering specifically .
The importance of comparing science and engineering with other fields
My use of non-science and engineering fields as a comparison group is a departure from earlier studies .
The considerable literature on women leaving science and engineering highlights the difficulty of balancing long work hours and family in science and engineering , the isolation of being a minority and the associated lack of mentoring and networks , the risk - taking environment , the “ hostile macho culture ” and discrimination ( see Hall 2007 ; Hewlett et al .
2008 ; Preston 1994 , 2004 , 2006 ; Sonnert and Holton 1995 ; and Stephan and Levin 2005 ) .
With the exception of Morgan ( 2000 ) however , as far as I am aware the research uses samples of current or former scientists and engineers only , without any comparison with other skilled occupations .
To see the limitations of such a focus , consider a common explanation for women quitting science and engineering , i.e. long work hours .
Long work hours may indeed disproportionately lead women rather than men to leave science and engineering , but long work hours may also disproportionately lead skilled women to leave other fields .
Women may simply churn more than men in search of a job with optimal work hours .
Thus , while it may be worthwhile for science and engineering employers to implement Hewlett et al. ( 2008 ) 's prescription of more flexible working time , if other employers implement and benefit from similar policies , any science and engineering - specific disadvantage in retaining women will persist .
If women do leave science and engineering disproportionately compared to other fields , it is useful to know whether this is merely symptomatic of all male - dominated fields .
If this is the case , explanations related to the specific technical nature of science and engineering work can be eliminated .
Data and results
I use the 1993 and 2003 National Surveys of College Graduates , defining a worker as having left his or her field if he or she reports doing work unrelated to the field of study of the highest degree , or is not employed .
Respondents doing unrelated work are asked why they are working outside their field of study .
All workers are asked what importance they attach to various job characteristics such as pay , promotion , and location , allowing me to control for possible gender differences in such tastes by field of study , as well as for experience , education , and other characteristics .
I demonstrate that the exit rate for women compared to men is indeed higher from science and engineering than from other fields .
I show that the gap in exits is concentrated more in engineering than in science , and in exits to other fields rather than to non-employment .
Furthermore , I show that the problems are not those emphasised by the previous literature .
Instead I find that the most important driver of excess female exits from engineering is dissatisfaction over pay and promotion opportunities , a factor explaining about 60 % of the differential gender gap in exit rates .
Concerns about pay and promotion have gone unnoticed by the literature studying only science and engineering fields , because women are slightly less likely to leave engineering for this reason than men – but women are much less likely than men to leave non-science and engineering fields for this reason .
Family - related constraints are not a factor – while many more women than men cite family issues as the reason for leaving engineering , the gender gap is as large in non-science and engineering fields .
I find that working conditions , the unavailability of a job in the field , changes in professional interests and job location play statistically significant but minor roles .
I do find slight excess exits of women from science for family - related reasons but these are offset by relatively lower female exits for all other reasons .
I find that the gap between the female and male exit rates from a field is strongly positively related to the share of men who studied the field .
Figure 1 shows that the relationship is fairly linear , and that if engineering fields have the highest female excess exits , it is because they have the highest share of men .
The share of men is also sufficient to explain the excess female exits for pay and promotion reasons .
I investigate whether the male share is proxying for the field 's working hours , wages , or share of workers in management , which are all positively correlated with the male share , and find this is not the case .
Figure 1 .
Excess female exits from fields of study by share of men in field
Implications
The results show that the high share of male workers and women ’s concerns about pay and promotion opportunities are key factors in the excess female exit rates from engineering .
This suggests that a lack of mentoring and networks , or discrimination by managers and co-workers are the more promising of the existing explanations for excess female exits from engineering .
Explanations hinging on the precise nature of engineering work should be discarded .
Instead remedies should be applied to all fields with a high share of male workers .
References
Hall , Linley Erin ( 2007 ) , Who 's Afraid of Marie Curie ?
The Challenges Facing Women in Science and Technology , Emeryville , CA , Seal Press .
Hewlett , Sylvia Ann , Carolyn Buck Luce , and Lisa J Servon ( 2008 ) , “ The Athena Factor : Reversing the Brain Drain in Science , Engineering , and Technology ” , Harvard Business Review Research Report 10094 .
Hunt , Jennifer ( 2010 ) , “ Why Do Women Leave Science and Engineering ? ” , NBER Working Paper 15853 .
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - USA ( 2007 ) , “ Ensuring a Strong High - Tech Workforce Through Educational and Employment - Based Immigration Reforms ” .
Morgan , Laurie A ( 2000 ) , “ Is Engineering Hostile to Women ?
An Analysis of Data from the 1993 National Survey of College Graduates ” , American Sociological Review , 65(2):316-321 .
National Academy of Sciences , National Academy of Engineering and Institute of Medicine ( 2007 ) , Rising Above the Gathering Storm : Energizing and Employing America for a Brighter Future , The National Academies Press .
Preston , Anne E ( 1994 ) , “ Why Have All the Women Gone ?
A Study of Exit of Women from the Science and Engineering Professions ” , American Economic Review , 84:1446-1462 .
Preston , Anne E ( 2004 ) , Leaving Science : Occupational Exit from Science Careers , Russell Sage Foundation .
Preston , Anne E ( 2006 ) , “ Women Leaving Science ” , Haverford College working paper .
Sonnert , Gerhard and Gerald Holton ( 1995 ) , Gender Differences in Science Careers , Rutgers University Press .
Stephan , Paula E and Sharon G Levin ( 2005 ) , “ Leaving Careers in IT : Gender Differences in Retention ” , Journal of Technology Transfer , 30:383-396 .
Arizona hospital infection risk revealed | Search infections
Maricopa County health officials have confirmed that a relatively new , extremely toxic strain of bacteria has been found in hospitals and other health - care facilities in the Valley .
The germ , known as Clostridium difficile , has long plagued the medical profession and is blamed for an increasing amount of illness in patients .
But this is the first time the new strain , known in medical circles as " NAP1 , " is believed to have been linked to patient illness and deaths in Arizona , health officials said .
It carries at least 20 times as much toxin as the original strain .
According to the county , at least 10 patients have fallen severely ill from this new type of C. diff since early March .
Two of those who were infected have died , though the germ has not been named conclusively as the cause of death .
All the patients were elderly and suffered from health problems .
" Assuming this continues to evolve , it is going to be a real pain for our health - care communities , " said Dr. Bob England , director of the Maricopa County Department of Public Health .
Like other " supergerms , " all strains of C. diff are resistant to powerful antibiotics , and the infection is difficult and expensive to treat .
The germ causes pronounced diarrhea and , in severe cases , can lead to inflammation of the colon , which can be fatal .
Healthy and younger people usually do n't get C. diff .
Most cases occur in health - care facilities , and those represent only a small fraction of the tens of millions of admissions to U.S. hospitals and nursing homes every year .
But the number of cases has risen sharply over the past decade , to nearly 500,000 in 2007 , according to the latest data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The Arizona Republic first learned of an ongoing C. diff outbreak last month after filing a state Public Records Law request to obtain a health alert issued by the Arizona Department of Health Services .
The alert contained no information about how the outbreak started , which hospitals were involved or how many patients were affected .
County officials maintained that they were not obligated to provide that information .
This week , officials with the county Public Health Department and Banner Health , a non-profit group , met with a reporter and an editor from The Republic .
Banner revealed that Banner Baywood Medical Center in Mesa had identified the strain after seeing some patients become very ill .
The hospital alerted the county to the problem in early March .
" If there 's a cluster , an outbreak , we want to report that , " said Dr. John Hensing , executive vice president and chief medical officer at Banner Health , a Phoenix - based non -profit health - care group .
Banner officials say they believe that most , if not all , patients came to Banner Baywood with an active C. diff infection , rather than contracting it at the facility .
Some arrived from long - term - care facilities and nursing homes or went to the emergency room after falling sick at home .
The patients were elderly , suffered from other health problems and had been on extensive antibiotics .
Prolonged antibiotic use can heighten a patient 's susceptibility to C. diff because the drugs can kill off the body 's " good " bacteria , allowing it to flourish .
Arizona , like many other states , does not track incidences of C. diff .
But a Republic analysis of hospital - discharge records shows that from Jan. 1 , 2008 , to Dec. 31 , 2009 , patients at Arizona hospitals were identified as having a C. diff infections more than 15,400 times .
The bug is becoming a major problem for hospitals because it spreads easily .
Traditional cleansers and hand sanitizers fail to neutralize its spores , which are often spread through fecal - oral contact .
The best ways to deter C. diff is with bleach and aggressive hand - washing .
Banner said officials at Baywood took immediate steps to control the outbreak , including isolating patients who exhibited symptoms of illness .
They also sanitized surfaces and equipment throughout the hospital with bleach and instituted new hand - washing protocols for all patients , including those too sick to get out of bed .
Nurses now bring them bottles of water so they can scrub their hands with soap without getting up , officials said .
They believe they have the outbreak under control .
This is not the first time Banner Baywood has dealt with a spike in germ - related infections .
In April 2008 , hospital officials noticed a spike among post - surgical patients .
Nineteen cases involved a supergerm known as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA .
Seven infections were tied to the E. coli bacterium , and about a dozen others were caused by various other bacteria , according to the hospital .
The facility implemented a series of aggressive procedures over several months to eliminate the problem .
County public - health officials say it 's likely that this strain will continue to crop up in community and health - care facilities .
Officials from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention agree .
The CDC said Tuesday that the NAP1 C. diff strain has been spreading rapidly since it was first identified in health - care settings in six states from 2000 to 2003 .
It has now been officially identified in 39 states , although it 's likely throughout the country , CDC officials said .
" Do I think it just got here ?
No .
But this is the first time it was reported to public health , " said Dr. Rebecca Sunenshine , medical epidemiologist for the county 's Public Health Department .
" So , I would start operating under the assumption that every strain we see is this new strain . "
Reach the reporter at ginger.rough@arizonarepublic.com .
DISTANCING ONE’S SELF FROM ACCURATE BELIEFS ….
We talked yesterday about Bradley Byrne , a leading GOP gubernatorial candidate in Alabama , who ’s been targeted this week with a new attack ad .
The commercial blasts Byrne for having supported “ teaching evolution ” in schools because it “ best explains the origin of life . ”
The same ad criticizes him saying that he believes “ there are parts of the Bible that are meant to be literally true and parts that are not . ”
In one of the saddest walk - backs in recent history , Byrne has distanced himself from his stated beliefs — which , by the way , need n’t be controversial — issuing a statement in support of creationism and Biblical literalism .
“ I believe the Bible is the Word of God and that every single word of it is true .
From the earliest parts of this campaign , a paraphrased and incomplete parsing of my words have been knowingly used to insinuate that I believe something different than that .
My faith is at the center of my life and my belief in Jesus Christ as my personal savior and Lord guides my every action .
“ As a Christian and as a public servant , I have never wavered in my belief that this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God .
As a member of the Alabama Board of Education , the record clearly shows that I fought to ensure the teaching of creationism in our school text books . ”
Just so we ’re clear , Byrne said modern biology “ best explains the origin of life , ” and now he ’s having to quickly move in the opposite direction .
Under sane circumstances , Byrne could respond to this attack ad by saying , “ Of course I accept modern biology .
Does n’t everyone ? ”
But this is Alabama and Byrne is in a Republican primary .
I can’t wait for future press releases in which Byrne feels forced to say the sun revolves around the Earth ; electromagnetism is “ only a theory ” ; and the value of pi is exactly three .
In September 2004 , a pregnant woman died as a result of being denied access to medical care for fear of harming the fetus .
Her mother , Z. , is suing Poland for having violated her daughter ’s rights including her right to life , private life , freedom from in human and degrading treatment , effective remedy , and non-discrimination .
Filing date : September 2008
Country / Region : Poland
Plaintiff (s ) : Z. , the mother of a pregnant woman who died in September 2004 as a result of being denied medical treatment .
Center Attorney(s ) : Christina Zampas and Roseanne Kross
Partners : 1 ) University of Warsaw Law Clinic and 2 ) the Federation for Women and Family Planning
Summary :
In early 2004 , a Polish woman in her second month of pregnancy was diagnosed with a painful and serious colon disease .
But when she sought medical treatment , the woman found that doctors were more concerned with harming the fetus than with her medical needs .
One after another , doctors in her hometown and nearby cities refused to treat her , even though it was unlikely that the fetus would be harmed .
By September 2004 , the woman had miscarried .
Shortly after , she died .
Poland Sued in European Court of Human Rights
In September 2008 , the Center assisted the Polish Federation for Women and Family Planning and the Warsaw University Law Clinic in filing a lawsuit against Poland on behalf of the deceased woman 's mother .
Brought before the European Court of Human Rights , the case asserts that medical care that disregards the health of the pregnant woman in favor of that of her fetus violates the woman 's rights to life , to freedom from inhumane and degrading treatment , and to non-discrimination .
The Need to Regulate Conscientious Objection in Healthcare
The case also seeks to clarify international guidelines for conscientious objection .
The Polish woman was denied timely and proper care that could have saved her life and allowed her to have a safe pregnancy because Poland failed to regulate doctors \ ' right to refuse care on moral or religious grounds .
The case aims to ensure that the Polish government guarantees an adequate number of healthcare workers who are willing to provide all legal services and that patients receive timely referrals to these workers .
It also asks the court to affirm that conscientious objection may not be invoked by institutions such as hospitals , nor be used to deny patients information or emergency care .
See summary of facts and issues by the European Court of Human Rights .
Brouwerij Hoegaarden
Stoopkensstraat 46 ,
3320 Hoegaarden .
Tel : 016 - 767 676
Fax : 016 - 767 691
http://www.interbrew.com/
Founded : 1966
Annual production :
Beer alc Description score ( 100 ) Hoegaarden Witbier 4.9 % Witbier .
Ingredients include unmalted wheat , coriander and curacao peel .
Bottle - conditioned .
Very pale , hazy yellow colour with a small head ; Orange , basil and coriander aroma ; neutral taste with butter , orange and coriander aromas : neutral finish with wheat , coriander and lemon aromas .
The original witbier and still good , even if it has lost all its sourness .
( Tasted 19.07.05 ) 54 Hougaerdse Das 5 % A cross between witbier and a pale ale .
An unusual and reasonabley tasty beer .
Bottle - conditioned .
61 Hoegaarden Speciale 5.2 % Seasonal - Oct to Jan. Bottle - conditioned .
Leffe Tripel 8.1 % Abbey tripel .
Not to be confused with the other crappy beers with the Leffe brand .
I 'm pretty sure it 's a slightly modified version of Hoegaarden Grand Cru .
Very pleasant .
Bottle - conditioned .
72 Hoegaarden Grand Cru 8.7 % Blond spiced ale .
A subtle and tasty beer brewed with coriander and curacao peel .
Bottle - conditioned .
73 Hoegaarden Verboden Vrucht 8.8 % Dark spiced ale .
Also brewed with coriander and curacao peel .
Bottle - conditioned .
66 Julius 8.5 % Strong blond ale .
Bottle - conditioned .
Full yellow colour with a rocky head ; coriander , hop and orange aromas ; sweet / bitter taste with sugar , pepper and resin aromas ; bitter finish with pepper and resin aromas .
A reasonable beer , only spoilt by an underlying sugary sweetness that does n't really meld with the hops .
Surprisinglt well - hopped .
( Tasted 20.07.05 ) 48
An Inbev subsidiary .
Hoegaarden was founded by Pierre Celis to revive the local wheat beer style , which had become extinct through brewery closures in the 1960's .
Celis had helped out in local breweries on an irregular basis .
One difference in his beer was that it was n't spontaneously fermented as the original had been .
The beer gradually gained popularity until a disastrous fire in 1985 put the brewery 's future in doubt .
With help from Interbrew , it was rebuilt , but at a cost .
The brewery was eventually bought outright by Interbrew .
Since taking over , Interbrew have fiddled with the beers less than might have been feared .
They ''re easily the best of the multinational 's Belgian efforts .
If brewed by a small independent brewery , they would probably garner the praise they deserve .
As mass - market beers go , they 're up there with the very best .
It does n't stop the rest of Interbrew 's Belgian beers being total crap , though .
As she leapt from the aircraft a sudden gust of wind slammed her into the fuselage .
She hurt her shoulder so badly that she could not use her arm to pull the release cord on her parachute .
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts # 1
Please keep it respectful in the thread .
If you have a counterargument , do n't be rude or condescending ; simply state it in the thread , and I 'll try to respond to it in the OP .
Do n't bring up other grievances with Blizzard ... it would take me a very long time to answer every little problem that people have with the game .
There are a few reasons why fans are pissed off at Blizzard right now .
Most of these reasons were exacerbated by Frank Pearce 's disgraceful interview given a couple days ago , which I 'm sure everyone reading this thread has read by now .
I 'm going to try to explain why you should n't be so angry about the stuff that you 're angry about .
An aside : I 'm buying the game at launch with the confidence that the stuff everyone is angry about will be fixed , for the most part .
If it 's not , then hey , np , I just wo n't buy another Blizzard game .
Should n't this be everyone 's attitude ?
When has Blizzard ever not shown extensive support for one of their games post - release ?
Anyway , on to the specific rage - inducers !
+ Show Spoiler [ A summary ] + - Blizzard is not implementing LAN support
- Blizzard is not implementing chat rooms
- Blizzard is not implementing cross-region play
- Blizzard's " premium map " system is a moneygrab
- Having to add email addresses to add friends SUCKS
- Blizzard is taking over ESPORTS
- Blizzard is not implementing LAN support .
Blizzard has already released a statement regarding why they 're not including LAN :
Do n't bring up other grievances with Blizzard ... it would take me a very long time to answer every little problem that people have with the game .
There are a few reasons why fans are pissed off at Blizzard right now .
Most of these reasons were exacerbated by Frank Pearce 's disgraceful interview given a couple days ago , which I 'm sure everyone reading this thread has read by now .
I 'm going to try to explain why you should n't be so angry about the stuff that you 're angry about .
An aside : I 'm buying the game at launch with the confidence that the stuff everyone is angry about will be fixed , for the most part .
If it 's not , then hey , np , I just wo n't buy another Blizzard game .
Should n't this be everyone 's attitude ?
When has Blizzard evershown extensive support for one of their games post - release ?
Anyway , on to the specific rage - inducers !
Blizzard has already released a statement regarding why they 're not including LAN :
We do n't currently plan to support LAN play with StarCraft II , as we are building Battle . net to be the ideal destination for multiplayer gaming with StarCraft II and future Blizzard Entertainment games .
While this was a difficult decision for us , we felt that moving away from LAN play and directing players to our upgraded Battle .
net service was the best option to ensure a quality multiplayer experience with StarCraft II and safeguard against piracy .
Several Battle.net features like advanced communication options , achievements , stat - tracking , and more , require players to be connected to the service , so we 're encouraging everyone to use Battle .
net as much as possible to get the most out of StarCraft II .
We 're looking forward to sharing more details about Battle.net and online functionality for StarCraft II in the near future .
- Bob Colayco , Blizzard PR
Unlike Frank Pearce , Mr. Colayco is very good at PR .
While it was easy to get annoyed at Pearce 's statements , it 's much harder to dig through the LAN response and figure out what to get mad at .
Basically , Colayco 's statements about cutting out LAN in order to " ensure a quality multiplayer experience " are obviously disingenuous .
It 's the admission that the removal of LAN is to defend against piracy that we should focus on .
Piracy in PC games is a
Now , I know the obvious counterargument against this is that " Battle.net 2.0 SUCKS !
It 's laggy and there are a whole bunch of other problems .
I want LAN so that I have a better alternative . "
Well , yeah .
B.net 2.0 does suck .
A lot .
For one thing , it has bad netcode .
I mean , the netcode was so unsatisfactory that they introduced NEW netcode in Patch 13 , a patch that dropped an atomic bomb on the servers ( which is actually a fact that I 'll use to support some of my later arguments about chat rooms and cross-region play . )
But here I 'm going to put forth an argument that I 'm sure you 're all sick of hearing : " It 's the beta . "
Saying " It 's the beta " is n't a good argument all of the time .
For example , if you think that the way units counter each other is gamebreaking , a good counterargument is not " It 's the beta . "
The way units counter each other is a basic facet of SC2 multiplayer .
If the beta were to go on for another two years , that aspect of SC2 would n't ever get fixed , if indeed it needs fixing .
However , B.net is clearly going to be better on release .
Like I said a few paragraphs ago , they just introduced entirely new netcode !
They 're trying their hardest to make B.net release - ready ( which it obviously is not at the moment . )
If 3v3s and 4v4s are still completely broken at release , they wo n't release the game .
If they do , that 's the end of Blizzard 's reputation .
Anyway , back to the reason LAN probably wo n't ever be implemented in SC2 : Blizzard has a right to make it more difficult for a pirate server to function .
LAN is easily emulated ( see : Hamachi ) and LAN in the game would give people an incentive to pirate instead of buying the game .
Once again , Blizzard has a right to try and prevent that .
Of course , the best case scenario is that multiplayer gets cracked and Blizzard sighs and implements LAN .
- Blizzard is not implementing chat rooms
- Blizzard is not implementing cross-region play
First of all , I think Blizzard was planning to have clan chat support in the clan patch they promised , and that 's only one step away from general chat rooms anyway .
That 's all guesswork , though , so it might happen that clans wo n't have chat rooms at first , which would be totally fucked up .
But that 's really irrelevant anyway , since after Patch 13 , any complaining about missing features from battlenet 2.0 is misplaced .
Battlenet 2.0 is fucked up right now .
I 'm sure that the division of Blizzard that 's working on Bnet is going INSANE at the moment .
I mean , picture this : your team has just implemented UDP , which was an enormous failure .
You have to either troubleshoot that , or go back to the netcode that you deemed unsatisfactory .
In the last reset stress test , there were tens of thousands of people who could n't log in at all .
The game is one and a half months from going gold .
Single player is finished , multiplayer is finished except for high level balancing ( which game reviewers wo n't care about ) and it's only your part of the game that people are really mad about .
If Starcraft 2 comes out and gets bad review scores it 's going to be all your fault .
In that environment , would chat rooms and cross region support be a very high priority ?
+ Show Spoiler [ facebook integration ] +
Yeah , yeah , I know what you 're saying .
They had time for facebook integration , right ?
Well , I know it might be difficult for some of you to believe , but facebook integration is so cool .
I was able to play a few games of SC2 with a friend who had graduated from the college I 'm attending because of the facebook function .
I just know that when Blizzard first thought of the possibility of facebook integration , they thought , " Oh man , people would really enjoy that .
That would be a really cool feature . "
And they were right , in my case .
Also , what exactly did it take to implement facebook integration in terms of manpower ?
A button on the " add friend menu " ... a login box to facebook ... and then SC2 simply uses the Facebook API to grab people 's email addresses and match them with bnet accounts .
Easiest thing in the world .
On the other hand , cross-region play is a really tough nut to crack .
How do you implement that ?
Allowing people to make an account for NA bnet and another for EU bnet is just begging for people to share the game with people who have n't bought it by letting them use the second account .
Allowing people to connect to the other server directly sounds like a tricky technical feat .
I 'm not saying that they should n't implement cross-region play or chat rooms .
I 'm saying that they really have other things to worry about right now .
- Blizzard's " premium map " system is a moneygrab
No , man .
You 're joking , right ?
People can still upload free UMS maps of their making .
Also , the promise of monetary compensation will make people more likely to spend lots of time working on UMSes , so we 're more likely to get something of really high quality .
Blizzard takes a cut of the proceedings , but why should they allow others to make money off of their service ?
- Having to add email addresses to add friends SUCKS
Yes .
Yes it does .
I think this will be fixed by release since it 's just so stupid .
However , even if it is n't , it 's not such a drawback for the released game .
I mean , it really sucks having to add friends right now , but once you 've added them , you do n't have to add them again .
Honestly , though , there 's no reason this wo n't be changed .
- Blizzard is taking over ESPORTS
People seemed to think this was OK a few days ago .
In the " Blizzard signs agreement with GOM " thread :
What 's changed since then ?
Not much ... GOM is still in charge of the Korean scene .
That 's all folks !
- Bob Colayco , Blizzard PRUnlike Frank Pearce , Mr. Colayco is very good at PR .
While it was easy to get annoyed at Pearce 's statements , it 's much harder to dig through the LAN response and figure out what to get mad at .
Basically , Colayco 's statements about cutting out LAN in order to " ensure a quality multiplayer experience " are obviously disingenuous .
It 's the admission that the removal of LAN is to defend against piracy that we should focus on .
Piracy in PC games is a well - documented problem .
When companies introduce stupidly restrictive DRM , or provide less support for the PC version of their game , or stop producing PC games entirely , it 's not because they enjoy making the lives of consumers who own a PC difficult .
It is because they want to be paid for their work .
Blizzard has a right to try to force anyone who wants to play online onto a legit server .
Now , I know the obvious counterargument against this is that " Battle.net 2.0 SUCKS !
It 's laggy and there are a whole bunch of other problems .
I want LAN so that I have a better alternative .
" Well , yeah .
B.net 2.0 does suck .
A lot .
For one thing , it has bad netcode .
I mean , the netcode was so unsatisfactory that they introduced NEW netcode in Patch 13 , a patch that dropped an atomic bomb on the servers ( which is actually a fact that I 'll use to support some of my later arguments about chat rooms and cross-region play . )
But here I 'm going to put forth an argument that I 'm sure you 're all sick of hearing : " It 's the beta . "
Saying " It 's the beta " is n't a good argument all of the time .
For example , if you think that the way units counter each other is gamebreaking , a good counterargument is not " It 's the beta . "
The way units counter each other is a basic facet of SC2 multiplayer .
If the beta were to go on for another two years , that aspect of SC2 would n't ever get fixed , if indeed it needs fixing .
However , B.net isgoing to be better on release .
Like I said a few paragraphs ago , they just introduced entirely new netcode !
They 're trying their hardest to make B.net release - ready ( which it obviously is not at the moment . )
If 3v3s and 4v4s are still completely broken at release , they wo n't release the game .
If they do , that 's the end of Blizzard 's reputation .
Anyway , back to the reason LAN probably wo n't ever be implemented in SC2 : Blizzard has a right to make it more difficult for a pirate server to function .
LAN is easily emulated ( see : Hamachi ) and LAN in the game would give people an incentive to pirate instead of buying the game .
Once again , Blizzard has a right to try and prevent that .
Of course , the best case scenario is that multiplayer gets cracked and Blizzard sighs and implements LAN .
First of all , I think Blizzard was planning to have clan chat support in the clan patch they promised , and that 's only one step away from general chat rooms anyway .
That 's all guesswork , though , so it might happen that clans wo n't have chat rooms at first , which would beBut that 's really irrelevant anyway , since after Patch 13 , any complaining about missing features from battlenet 2.0 is misplaced .
Battlenet 2.0 isright now .
I 'm sure that the division of Blizzard that 's working on Bnet is going INSANE at the moment .
I mean , picture this : your team has just implemented UDP , which was an enormous failure .
You have to either troubleshoot that , or go back to the netcode that you deemed unsatisfactory .
In the last reset stress test , there were tens of thousands of people who .
The game is one and a half months from going gold .
Single player is finished , multiplayer is finished except for high level balancing ( which game reviewers wo n't care about ) and it's only your part of the game that people are really mad about .
If Starcraft 2 comes out and gets bad review scores it 's going to beIn that environment , would chat rooms and cross region support be a very high priority ?
I 'm not saying that they should n't implement cross-region play or chat rooms .
I 'm saying that they really have other things to worry about right now .
No , man .
You 're joking , right ?
People can still upload free UMS maps of their making .
Also , the promise of monetary compensation will make people more likely to spend lots of time working on UMSes , so we 're more likely to get something of really high quality .
Blizzard takes a cut of the proceedings , but why should they allow others to make money off of their service ?
Yes .
Yes it does .
I think this will be fixed by release since it 's just so stupid .
However , even if it is n't , it 's not such a drawback for the released game .
I mean , it really sucks having to add friends right now , but once you 've added them , you do n't have to add them again .
Honestly , though , there 's no reason this wo n't be changed .
People seemed to think this was OK a few days ago .
In the " Blizzard signs agreement with GOM " thread :
What 's changed since then ?
Not much ... GOM is still in charge of the Korean scene .
That 's all folks !
Moderator Good content always wins .
semantics Profile Blog Joined November 2009 9878 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 01:52:43 # 2
I think everything will turn out well a year after the game is released but i do n't have much hope for anything too current fixing the many " flaws " fans point out .
Imo my problem with their ums system is not that it 's a potential money grab but that there will be limits for published ums ' limits suck , and it's not like me and my friends can just download the map off a site and play it , we basically trick battle .
net into letting us do it which is a problem should n't be that hard .
pyr0ma5ta Profile Joined May 2010 United States 458 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 01:52:52 #3
You raise a very good point about the BNet dev team probably working every available hour and shitting their pants , but that does n't excuse them for not succeeding at custom map publishing .
Nor does it excuse their servers crashing / dropping people / locking people out .
It means their dev team is n't on top of the ball , and that July 27 might be greedy .
But if we 're consumers paying cash for this product , and we are , we have every right to demand all of these things and be upset if they 're not there .
Oh , and Blizz saying they 're not going to do chat , etc is not a good sign .
" I made you a zergling , but I eated it . "
- Defiler
Rucky Profile Joined February 2008 United States 717 Posts # 4 well done .
all very reasonable .
i think everything will be fine .
Beyond the Game
Mr.Eternity Profile Joined May 2010 United States 143 Posts # 5
I hope people wont be nerdraging so much now ...
Thank you very much for thisI hope people wont be nerdraging so much now ...
" Because nobody can make it alone "
Half Profile Joined March 2010 United States 2554 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 02:01:03 #6
I posted this in another thread like five seconds ago .
I hope you do n't banhamma me , but I think its really relevant .
I agree [ I 'm agreeing to a post in the exact nature of the OP ]
I honestly believe that blizzard is n't " evil " , but that they 've become insular , their company 's become bloated , and that they 've lost touch with the needs of the players , and too caught up in their own world of corporate politics and internal visions of glory for their new system without taking into account the desires of their playerbase .
I think when people try to put up their torches , they 're really just oversimplifying a much more complex ... and less objectively evil ... scenario .
And it does n't do anyone any good .
I seriously do n't think that their doing this purely just for money .
Some things are .
But I do n't think this is .
I think it 's the byproduct of an increasingly corporate culture becoming increasingly cut off from their playerbase .
I 've been advocating for days before this recent frenzy .
Frank Pierce was partly responsible for the decision that remade SC1 from the ground up when the fan reaction was negative .
He was their since the beginning .
And if he is n't an avid gamer at the moment , I still , honestly , believe hes a gamer at heart , and respects the industry .
You do n't go from someone who redesigns what you 've avidly poured time on for four years to someone who says " fuck you customers " .
He is n't a Koctick .
You just ... don't .
Look at it from a bigger picture .
Blizzard has five hundred white collar employees in Irvine alone .
That 's big .
I could n't imagine working in a game development studio that large .
Because thats what they are .
A development studio .
They answer directly to a board of of Stockholders which include some of the biggest forces for monetization in the game industr .
You do n't have to be a Kotick to get detached from the playerbase in those circumstances .
It 's understandable .
I doubt any of his statements were malicious .
In fact , if anything , he was being genuine and frank , something to be admired in this age of PR shmooze and shit .
But really ....
I 've wanted to sort of post something like the OP did and assuage some of the unwarranted and childish crap , but ultimately I refrained , and maybe even contributed ( even looking at this rationally , it 's hard not to be upset ) .
But I do n't think that may be positive .
Up until this moment , I 've posted saying " Yes , it sucks , but lets worry about the ends , which are bad , not the means , which probably are n't as clear cut greed as you might think " .
But sometimes you need a little bit of passionate - and baseless - hate in a movement .
Because you know what ?
In the end of the day , these policies are killing the long term future of Starcraft 2 .
And they need to stop .
So hate away .
Motbob .
I 'm in agreement with you .
I 've always advocated a voice of dissent in moderation .
Not to let our emotions consume our judgement , but not to let our rights as consumers be eaten away by indifference and corporate interest .
But
It 's of upmost importance that Blizzard gets the message that this is not ok .
This will kill SC2 if it is left unaddressed .
It is n't something that can be " let slide " .
It is something that must be resolved as soon as possible , with no delay .
Certainly not a delay to implement some superficial social feature like facebook intergration .
And the best way to do that is with rage , with impassioned pleas , with drama , with hate .
They 'll tell you otherwise , but a unilateral response of disbelief , cyncism , aversion , and disapproval , and of impassioned hatred gets a message across .
Motbob .
I 'm in agreement with you .
I 've always advocated a voice of dissent in moderation .
Not to let our emotions consume our judgement , but not to let our rights as consumers be eaten away by indifference and corporate interest ..
This will kill SC2 if it is left unaddressed .
It is n't something that can be " let slide " .
It is something that must be resolved as soon as possible , with no delay .
Certainly not a delay to implement some superficial social feature like facebook intergration .
And the best way to do that is with rage , with impassioned pleas , with drama , with hate .
Too Busy to Troll !
petered Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1200 Posts # 7
Your level - headedness is refreshing .
Something like chat - rooms is n't really that hard to implement .
If people keep making noise , I am positive that it will get changed .
In fact , if you buy the game , it is more likely to get changed .
If the game produces revenue the company will have greater incentive to keep working on it even after release .
As for the technical problems with BNet , that is something I think we should give blizzard grace for .
I trust that Blizzard wants to put out a good product , not just because I am sure they care about their work but because it will make more money that way .
We all know it is possible to make BNet a great server , but that is going to take time .
It really is n't helpful to freak out every time BNet has issues .
For example , during the TSL there were a lot of technical difficulties .
It was frustrating , but I trusted that Team Liquid cared enough about the tournament that it would get taken care of .
It would n't be helpful at all to say , " Team Liquid sucks I 'm never watching their tournaments again "
This , my friends , is the power of the Shikyo Memorial for QQ therapy thread .
We make the world a better place , one chainsaw massacre prevention at a time .
Level10 Peon Profile Joined April 2010 United States 59 Posts # 8
Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob
Two_DoWn Profile Blog Joined October 2009 United States 7512 Posts # 9 I understand where you are coming from , but I would have more faith if Blizz actually laid out a plan or a timeline for making bnet a " quality multiplayer experience . "
I have no doubt that bnet could very well rival the success of iccup for bw , given proper support .
However , the only things we have seen from blizz regarding actually making the platform better have ranged from ambiguous ( chat / clans at some point in the future ) , backwards ( removal of identifiers ) , to just plain insulting ( recent interview / facebook taking such a high precedent on their list . )
I would be much happier with blizzard if they gave us a firm outline of what was going to be in bnet , and when it was going to happen .
I can wait .
I just want to know I 'm not waiting in vain .
" What is the air speed velocity of an unladen courier ? " " Dire or Radiant ? "
Half Profile Joined March 2010 United States 2554 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 02:07:18 # 10 On May 30 2010 11:00 Level10
Peon wrote :
Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I 'm not saying that a video game is on a similar scale of importance , fuck no .
But I 'm illustrating that not once has something been changed because some guy made a " calm and rationale response " .
I 'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I 'm not saying that a video game is on a similar scale of importance , fuck no .
But I 'm illustrating that not once has something been changed because some guy made a " calm and rationale response " .
I'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
Too Busy to Troll !
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 02:08:05 # 11 On May 30 2010 11:01 Two_DoWn wrote :
I understand where you are coming from , but I would have more faith if Blizz actually laid out a plan or a timeline for making bnet a " quality multiplayer experience . "
I have no doubt that bnet could very well rival the success of iccup for bw , given proper support .
However , the only things we have seen from blizz regarding actually making the platform better have ranged from ambiguous ( chat / clans at some point in the future ) , backwards ( removal of identifiers ) , to just plain insulting ( recent interview / facebook taking such a high precedent on their list . )
I would be much happier with blizzard if they gave us a firm outline of what was going to be in bnet , and when it was going to happen .
I can wait .
I just want to know I 'm not waiting in vain .
I know what you 're saying , but Blizzard is historically really insular about this stuff .
They generally do n't release much information at all , and that can be really frustrating .
I really doubt what you want is going to happen .
On May 30 2010 11:01
Half wrote :
Show nested quote +
On May 30 2010 11:00 Level10
Peon wrote :
Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I 'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
Well , maybe we need both .
Anger to help Blizzard get the idea , and well thought - out posts so that they 'll actually agree .
I know what you 're saying , but Blizzard is historically really insular about this stuff .
They generally do n't release much information at all , and that can be really frustrating .
I really doubt what you want is going to happen .
Well , maybe we need both .
Anger to help Blizzard get the idea , and well thought - out posts so that they 'll actually agree .
Moderator Good content always wins .
XeliN Profile Joined June 2009 United Kingdom 1755 Posts # 12
I do n't mean to belittle your post at all , but a large aspect of it seems to be on simply trusting Blizzard and I disagree with this , especially when it would be very simple for them to quell all of these irritations or rumours .
Simply announce that they will definately have chatrooms , and definately have cross realm support e.t.c
The fact they have not done so makes it seem more than justified in treating the situation asif they intend not to or are not overly interested in implementing these features .
Adonai bless
Tone_ Profile Joined May 2009 United Kingdom 553 Posts # 13
Some good points , some areas like chat rooms and cross region play have n't really had relevant reasons discussed I feel .
" Other things to work on " I guess would be a matter of opinion regarding priorities .
Yes sorting out the netcode and Bnet is the priority , but chat room development would have had to have begun before beta , so there was n't any forward thought there imo .
I think there 's some good ideas , and some people are bashing Blizzard too much , but the basics are that many of the complains are founded , are to be expected and some features are falling below expected standard .
Like some other posts and other people I expected Bnet to be a thriving social playground and the chatroom issue has to be my biggest worry currently .
Hell not even chat rooms just a better chat facility than is currently available .
Hasta La Victoria Siempre | 톤
FallenWraith Profile Joined May 2010 United States 26 Posts # 14
One of my major irritations if the fact it is n't an opt in information exchange , it is an opt out .
This allows Blizzard to basically sell personal information such as email , name , address etc .
This coupled with the fact that BNet is forced and as of right now there are massive issues is the wrong way to go about it .
The reason why so many people are so irritated is because these are all things which BNet 1.0 has .
These are things which the dev teams realized they needed years ago and yet when they release the new platform they do n't learn .
They talk about no LAN because they want everyone to desire to be online to have a better playing experience , but as shown by the communities outrage their idea and ours do n't line up .
This is n't an issue typically but Blizzard has a history , and they are making the most or one of the most hyped game of the decade .
Their fan base is like that of Starwars , who got pissed which Lucas sold out with Episode 1 - 3 .
They are using a franchise name , but not continuing the expansion of features which were in the previous release .
Think if Microsoft decided that the new word would n't have spell check , would you still buy it , or would you want the previous version because it had the features which you actually used ?
Tareth Profile Joined March 2004 United States 46 Posts # 15 Blizzard right now seems to have their own vision of what they want Battle .
net 2.0 to be , and I think they should keep with that vision , for now at least .
That does n't mean that the community should n't be voicing their concerns or anything .
If these concerns continue to persist , then I believe Blizzard will listen .
Maybe I 'm too trusting , though .
Level10 Peon Profile Joined April 2010 United States 59 Posts # 16 On May 30 2010 11:01
Half wrote :
Show nested quote +
On May 30 2010 11:00 Level10
Peon wrote :
Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob Finally , a calm and rational response .
Good job , motbob
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I 'm not saying that a video game is on a similar scale of importance , fuck no .
But I 'm illustrating that not once has something been changed because some guy made a " calm and rationale response " .
I 'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
I can't think of a single time a calm and rationale response changed history .
I can think of several revolutions , beheadings , coups , and riots .
Even in non-violence , King and Gandhi did not write dissertations which freed their people .
They staged boycotts , walks outs , strikes , and mass movements of public disobedience .
I 'm not saying that a video game is on a similar scale of importance , fuck no .
But I 'm illustrating that not once has something been changed because some guy made a " calm and rationale response " .
I'm a centrist in politics and in person .
And sometimes theirs a time to be irrational on purpose .
I do n't mind the anger , I mind the " Blizzard has become pure EVIL ! " stuff .
I do n't mind the anger , I mind the " Blizzard has become pure EVIL ! " stuff .
Half Profile Joined March 2010 United States 2554 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-30 02:11:32 # 17 On May 30 2010 11:10 Level10
Peon wrote :
I do n't mind the anger , I mind the " Blizzard has become pure EVIL ! " stuff .
Of course , that pisses the shit out of me too .
But ifs something your going to have to tolerate because a lot of people can't handle complex emotional responses for some reason .
Like " this is bullshit " .
But I can understand how it happened .
But it needs to change .
Now .
Of course , that pisses the shit out of me too .
But ifs something your going to have to tolerate because a lot of people can't handle complex emotional responses for some reason .
Like " this is bullshit " .
But I can understand how it happened .
But it needs to change .
Now .
Too Busy to Troll !
Laski Profile Joined July 2009 United States 10 Posts # 18
It has always seemed that Battle . net 2 is in a very early and experimental form ( the ui has changed dramatically over the course of the past month and a half ) , which would support the idea that battle .
net 2 construction did n't start until early this year and thus delaying the beta .
While I do n't agree with the things Frank Pearce ( who probably should n't be doing interviews ) said , I understand that things can and probably will change , especially with the large outburst in the community .
I think people forget that it takes time for Blizzard to create and implement things , that there is n't a magic battle .
net fairy who snaps her fingers and instantly implements features .
The first phase of beta was just extended 1 week , this announcement coincides with the upheaval about battle .
net .
If I were a betting man I would expect a patch with battle .
net changes next week before the beta goes down .
Sadistx Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Zimbabwe 5497 Posts # 19
You did n't really support any of your arguments .
Your entire line of discussion revolves around " well , it 's not as bad as people say it is , because I wrote so .
Also because it's the beta " , which you said yourself is a bad argument .
The funny thing though is , even though you did n't support your arguments in the post , you 're actually right , because most of the drawbacks that you listed can be ignored simply by not using them or they do not actually exist .
Chat rooms already de facto exist , because you can invite any number of friends into your chat room , plus you 'll have clan chat implemented ( I hope so ) .
Besides , the primary function of bnet was always to play and get games , which it fulfills fine .
Facebook integration was never a drawback , because you can just opt to not use it .
Netcode WILL get better , knowing Blizzard .
Emails for friends are n't that bad , but it does detract a lot from internet anonymity .
I mean there are tons of people that I know that I do not want to have my email or real name , but that 's easily circumvented by making a special fake email just for SC2 .
The _REAL_ drawback and what irks people is no cross - realm play so to speak .
It detracts from the idea of globalized esport community more than anything ever could .
It breaks up individual ties between friends across continents AND makes esport events that much more difficult to coordinate .
This is the dick move , the punch in the groin that took a lot of us by surprise .
180 $ to play across the globe ?
How about fuck you blizzard .
I know it 's not that much money , but why do it anyway ?
Why can I in HoN play with people from anywhere on the planet with almost 0 latency , for 30 $ , and Blizzard is forcing me to pay 6 times that amount ?
Oh , SC2 has much higher production value you 'll say .
Well , yes , it does , and it has a great single player campaign .
But why in the fucking world do I have to pay for the campaign 3 times over ?
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts # 20 On May 30 2010 11:07 XeliN wrote :
I do n't mean to belittle your post at all , but a large aspect of it seems to be on simply trusting Blizzard and I disagree with this , especially when it would be very simple for them to quell all of these irritations or rumours .
Simply announce that they will definately have chatrooms , and definately have cross realm support e.t.c
The fact they have not done so makes it seem more than justified in treating the situation asif they intend not to or are not overly interested in implementing these features .
Absolutely nothing can make me lose faith in Blizzard until the game is released .
I cannot believe that , after Blizzard 's track record , people are not simply trusting the company .
I cannot believe that people are pledging not to buy the product before it is released .
If you buy SC2 and it sucks , and it does n't stop sucking , the Blizzard name is forever soiled and you can't ever have faith again .
But before then , just relax .
Absolutely nothing can make me lose faith in Blizzard until the game is released .
I cannot believe that , after Blizzard 's track record , people are not simply trusting the company .
I cannot believe that people are pledging not to buy the product before it is released .
If you buy SC2 and it sucks , and it does n't stop sucking , the Blizzard name is forever soiled and you can't ever have faith again .
But before then , just relax .
Moderator Good content always wins .
1 2 3 4 5 13 14 15 Next All
Google ’s “ Royalty - Free ” WebM Video May Not Be Royalty - Free for Long
The announcement of Google ’s new WebM video format and release of the VP8 video codec as an open standard have been hailed by some as the move that will free the Web from the proprietary H.264 codec widely used for online video today and favored by Apple ( AAPL ) and Microsoft ( MSFT ) .
“ The world would have a new free format unencumbered by software patents , ” the Free Software Foundation enthused in an open letter to Google ( GOOG ) earlier this year .
“ Viewers , video creators , free software developers , hardware makers –everyone –would have another way to distribute video without patents , fees , and restrictions . ”
A new era of Web video without the patent - encumbered formats that have defined the Internet to date .
That seems ideal .
But like many ideals , it may prove to be unattainable .
As a number of observers have already noted VP8 is n’t free from patent liability .
And now that Google has open - sourced it as part of WebM , that liability is likely to become an issue .
And quickly , too .
Indeed , Larry Horn , CEO of MPEG LA , the consortium that controls the AVC / H.264 video standard , tells me that the group is already looking at creating a patent pool license for VP8 .
Here ’s an excerpt from my email exchange with him :
JP : Let me ask you this :
Are you creating a patent pool license for VP8 and WebM ?
Have you been approached about creating one ?
Larry Horn :
Yes , in view of the marketplace uncertainties regarding patent licensing needs for such technologies , there have been expressions of interest from the market urging us to facilitate formation of licenses that would address the market ’s need for a convenient one - stop marketplace alternative to negotiating separate licenses with individual patent holders in accessing essential patent rights for VP8 as well as other codecs , and we are looking into the prospects of doing so .
It would seem , then , that VP8 may end up subject to the same licensing issues as H.264 .
If MPEG LA does create a patent pool license for the standard , the free lunch Google promised yesterday may not be free after all .
Google certainly has the market muscle to guarantee broad acceptance of WebM and the VP8 codec–if it ’s a royalty - free standard .
But what if it ’s not truly royalty free ?
Who ’ll foot the bill ?
And is the company willing to indemnify its partners from patent litigation to push WebM ?
For what it ’s worth , Google seems to believe that it has done its due diligence here and has the necessary patent clearance for VP8 .
Said Google product manager Mike Jazayeri : “ We have done a pretty thorough analysis of VP8 and On2 Technologies ( VP8 ’s developer ) prior to the acquisition and since then , and we are very confident with the technology and that ’s why we ’re open sourcing . ”
Question is , was that analysis thorough enough ?
I ’ve asked Google for comment on Horn ’s remarks and will update here if I ’m given one .
How many times have you found yourself in this situation ?
You ’re just hanging out and watching TV when all of a sudden * BOOM * zombies come pouring in through your living room window .
Happens to us all the friggin’ time and now we are no longer getting caught with our pants down ( depending on what we ’re watching on said TV of course ) .
Behold , the Zombie tested and victim approved Safe Bedside Table .
Getting rushed by flesheaters ?
No problem !
The Safe Bedside Table has a removable leg that acts as a club and a top that doubles as a shield for self - defense .
That will learn those pesky ghouls with their insatiable hunger !
The table was created by James McAdam of London out of cherry wood and steel .
Visit his official site here for more .
Dig on the sample images below .
– Uncle Creepy
While you ’re here , come check out the rest of Dread Central
by Johanna Kaschke in Children , Education , Health , Socio-economic Tags : Children , Europe , family , Housing , youth
This is a significant step in our society to publicly advertise on television abortion services and this is hotly contested by pro-life campaigners .
There is nothing more sensitive than talking about how to stop overcrowding of our planet as it is bound to upset someone .
Yet it is a factor that cannot be overlooked , ignored or pushed off till later , because later we have an even bigger problem .
What is the question though is how to educate people to restrain themselves rather than making it either too easy or use too restrictive solutions like the one - child policy in China for example .
One way is of course to legalize homosexuality , which in itself does not produce any children , another is to offer abortions , still further to offer women equal rights in the work place .
But what about the sexual side of the coin .
I prefer if people are taught a bigger sexual conscience , that we embrace the Catholic teachings and see sex as something to make children with and not just as lust .
Being lusty is just as easy as being hungry and we play around with our bodies with either of the two .
Many people find it very easy to engage in sex , it does n’t need any skills , many find it equally or even more easy to over eat .
What we need to teach children from an early age is to be conscientious of their bodies and how they can learn to cope with their bodies in a healthy and responsible way .
Abortions and overweight are not acceptable and for others homosexuality is n’t , as we ’ve just seen in Africa ( Uganda , plans the death penalty ) but in Europe it is legal .
When I was younger talking about sex was completely taboo and we children did not develop the sexual conscience that children have today and we did not get involved in sex early either .
There was no sex on TV or the media .
We were not stimulated into it .
Today sex is brought into young children ’s minds very early , too early for my liking .
The ability to cope with our bodies ’ sexual desires should be a very important point in every person ’s life and when it was usually left to the family , but due to the smaller amount of time children actually spend with their families schools have taken over the role of sex education , to the point where young female pupils are offered abortions without their parents consent .
Yet the teachings of the Catholic church on sex are perfectly easy to understand and to follow , but the Islam religion does n’t seem to encourage abstinence but encourages the wearing of lots of clothes for women to stem sexual desire and lust .
( I have to read up on that )
We need a world - wide consensual approach , that all we can do to help ourselves in the oncoming period of earth warming , when the living space of the planet will be considerably reduced by flooding , that we get ready for that by having less children each .
That this will be explained to people and not just indicated by putting young mothers on work programs .
In practice social housing policies only work for young girls who got themselves pregnant and have a child , the whole attitude is geared towards having babies but not towards encouraging young people to engage in sensible relationships and put having children off till the family is settled financially .
Because this very important point is constantly forgotten the UK has the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Europe .
Even I myself was tempted to have children when I arrived in the UK in 1977 even though I did n’t want to have children ever before I came here .
the wages were abhorrent low for women and the council flats , benefits and furniture easy to get .
The stimulation to get pregnant is very high here in the UK .
It is not fair on the average citizen to allow them to think that having children is just a way of life , we need to educate people in morals and social conscience much more than we do now and start that process by reducing sexual content in advertising .
Mary Whitehouse was a great supporter of that .
We need a replacement for Mary Whitehouse now with plenty of media support .
If we cannot manage overpopulation now and within the next 75 years , we see a lot of problems coming our way when sea levels rise and earth warming sets in to push people away from the shores and inland when housing there is not as plentiful .
All featured products are curated independently by our editors .
When you buy something through our retail links , we may receive a commission .
Why would you make your own bitters ?
Well , why not ?
We live in an age of DIY everything , from kombucha to jerky .
We also live in an age when finding artisanal , small - batch , craft versions of everything edible and drinkable is pretty easy — cocktail bitters being no exception .
But making your own bitters is a rewarding bit of alchemy , not to mention a great homemade gift , and they ’re fantastic to use in myriad ways , not just in drinks .
What Are Bitters ?
Cocktail bitters are potions that , with just a few drops , add backbone to a drink :
The Sazerac would n’t be what it is without them .
Bitters originated centuries ago when apothecaries started combining herbs , bark , and berries with alcohol and promoting the results as medicinal tonics .
But in 1906 , selling bitters as health remedies was outlawed , so they ’re now found only behind the bar .
Botany at the BarThis Book Will Change How You Think About Cocktail Bitters
The ones we ’re addressing here are deemed nonpotable — not because they are unsafe for human consumption , but because they ’re not intended to be consumed alone due to their strong flavors and high alcohol content ( usually between 70 and 90 proof ) .
A few dashes of nonpotable bitters are used to round out a drink .
They ’re most commonly found in classic recipes such as the Champagne Cocktail .
( The second type of bitters is potable , typically poured as a digestif , a drink that aids digestion after a big meal .
While the digestive - aid factor is up for debate , these distinctively flavored liqueurs are popular and include Fernet - Branca and Jägermeister in their ranks . )
The best - known ( nonpotable ) commercial bitters are practically household names : Peychaud ’s , angostura , Regans ’ .
Most were created during the golden age of the cocktail , at the turn of the 20th century , but in more recent years , modern , small - batch bitter makers have brought lots more to the market — and resources for making your own have proliferated too .
Check out an excerpt and recipe from “ Botany at the Bar ” for just one example ( and lots of great info on tasting bitters ) .
Scrappy 's Bitters Exotic Sampler Pack , $ 22.75 on Amazon
This set includes chocolate , grapefruit , lavender , and cardamom bitters , but that 's only the beginning .
Buy Now
How Do You Make Bitters ?
It ’s a basic infusion , but recipes can get complex , with longs lists of herbs , spices , and botanicals .
With our recipes below , we riffed on a few famous bitters ( and threw in a couple wild cards for good measure ) — but because the makers of the commercial varieties have kept their recipes under lock and key for over a century , and because they use such varied , hard - to - find ingredients ( uncommon barks and dried berries among them ) , we ca n’t claim to have re-created them faithfully .
We can promise they ’re great in cocktails , and other applications .
Developing these formulas proved that many factors contribute to top - notch bitters .
There are as many methods as there are mixologists , but the most important thing is how the bitters perform in a cocktail .
Here are the main takeaways from our experiments in making bitters the best they can be :
Alcohol
Once you ’ve settled on which brand of bitters you ’re going to try to emulate , the next consideration is which liquor to steep the flavors in .
The best choices are spirits with a high alcohol content , but you ’ll also need to choose between unflavored varieties , such as grain alcohol or vodka , and more flavorful ones , such as rye .
Keep in mind that higher - proof alcohols extract flavor more quickly but can leave a harsh aftertaste .
Aromatics
This is where you get to personalize your bitters and experiment .
Be it bark , berry , or herb , something must be added to that alcohol to give it complexity and distinctiveness ( and turn it into bitters ) .
Most commercial bitters use relatively unknown ingredients such as gentian , but our recipes use items that can be found at high - end groceries or health food stores .
You can venture farther afield if you ’d like .
Aging and Agitating
These are key steps in flavor development .
Aging ( or steeping ) helps extract flavor .
Too little time and your bitters will be flat ; too much and they ’ll be unbalanced .
Agitating ( giving the mixture a shake every now and then ) ensures that those flavors are dispersed throughout the mix , with no unexpected taste spikes .
Swing - Top Glass Bottles with Extra Gaskets and Labels , 6 for $ 19.95 on Amazon Perfect for bottling your bitters , whether to keep or to give as gifts .
Buy Now
Related Reading : The Best Cocktail Books for Your Home Bar | Chic Bar Cart Gifts Under $ 100
How to Use Bitters
In drinks , obviously , but try using bitters in baking to replace some or all of the vanilla extract ( or other extract called for ) , or add a few drops to things like roasted vegetables and even soup to add a little oomph .
Just use a very light hand and taste as you go , because they can easily overwhelm if used too liberally .
Though bitters can no longer be sold legally as health remedies and we are not doctors , many people still turn to these mixtures to relieve ailments like hiccups ( the suggested method : take a lemon wedge , coat it in sugar , then douse it with some bitters before biting down ) , upset stomachs ( take a few dashes of bitters in a glass of club soda or ginger ale ) , and headaches .
We can only vouch for their culinary purposes .
Homemade Bitters Recipes
Here are some recipes to get you started .
Use anywhere you ’d add angostura bitters — such as in a Manhattan — but know that this version has a more subtle effect on the drink than its inspiration .
Get our Aromatic Bitters recipe .
The hue of these complex cardamom bitters — which comes courtesy of saffron — is what gives them their name .
The recipe came to us via San Francisco restaurant Nopa , where it ’s used in the Girasol cocktail , but add a scant sprinkle to the glaze for a lemon pound cake too .
Get our Sunshine Bitters recipe .
A perfect citrusy match for a Casino cocktail .
Try adding a dash to roasted carrots for an unexpectedly delicious boost .
Get our Orange Bitters recipe .
Take the angostura bitters and the cherry out of your next Old Fashioned and use this twofer for a smart variation .
Or use in place of some of the vanilla extract in your next batch of cupcakes .
Get our Cherry - Vanilla Bitters recipe .
These were made exclusively for our Sparkling Campari Cocktail but would also add a refreshing jolt to simple sparkling water for a low - alcohol option .
Add a dash to a winter fruit salad for another nuance of flavor too .
Get our Grapefruit Bitters recipe .
Related Video : A Top Bartender Talks About Her Favorite Tools
by ·
Mosquito bites are not only annoying with their itchiness , they can also leave some pretty big welts on your skin .
Mosquitoes are present year round , but they are more abundant in warmer weather .
Spring and summer seem to bring mosquitoes out in force , looking for blood to feed on .
You can use plants to keep them away , or arm yourself with bug sprays and bug repellent , which do work for the most part .
But eventually , they get you .
The red , itchy bumps that are left behind can be a downer to any outdoor get together .
Luckily for you , there are some natural remedies for mosquito bites that you can find in your home to give you relief .
Clean It Right Away !
As soon as you notice a mosquito bite , wash it with soap and water .
The itch from the bite is from the mosquito saliva that is injected when it bites .
Washing the bite with soap will clear out any bacteria from the saliva and may lessen the chance of it swelling and itching .
Rub the bar of soap directly on to the bite and you should begin to feel relief almost instantly .
Keep It Cold
Bug bites tend to be worse in hot weather .
Wrap an ice pack or a few ice cubes in a cloth towel , and apply it to the bite .
After about ten to fifteen minutes , you should notice the swelling has been reduced .
It should also itch less at this point .
If you ’re more prone to mosquito bites than other people , and you end up with so many bug bites that you ca n’t keep track , try filling up a bathtub with cold water .
The cold water should be OK on its own , there should be no need to add any ice to it .
You might even want to add a few drops of lavender oil to the bath water .
Essential Oils
Speaking of lavender oil , this essential oil can be applied directly to the skin to treat a mosquito bite .
Lavender oil has antibacterial and antiseptic properties that help reduce skin discomfort .
Another oil similar to lavender oil with the same properties is tea tree oil .
Applying these essential oils to your mosquito bites will help them to heal quicker .
A compound called linalool is also a component of lavender oil .
Linalool soothes the sting of a bite or other wounds .
Other essential oils that can useful include witch hazel oil and cedar oil .
Use Items In Your Pantry
Baking soda , the miracle household item , is also good for treating mosquito bites .
Make a paste of water and baking soda , rub in onto the bite areas , and it will relieve the itch .
Baking soda and water works the same way that calamine lotion works .
Another paste you can make is Epsom salt and water .
Epsom salt could also be a good addition to the cold bathtub mentioned above .
Common household products can be dabbed onto the skin directly , to relieve mosquito bites .
You can apply the following items to your bites .
The faster you apply these items , the sooner you ’ll get relief .
Honey
Rubbing alcohol
Solid or roll - on deodorant
Vinegar
Mouthwash
Toothpaste
Nail polish
Hot tea bags
Cotton balls that have been soaked with hot tea
Freshly cut onions
Alka -Seltzer
Salt
Wet aspirin
Lemon peel
Lime peel
Banana peel
Plantains
Basil
Mosquitoes are annoying creatures that are not going to go away anytime soon .
You can repel them by using bug spray , or any bug repelling item on the market .
Candle makers even make candles that help repel bugs .
It is more than likely , that you ’ll get a mosquito bite eventually .
There are quite a few natural remedies for mosquito bites that can help you deal with the discomfort .
Do n’t let these little guys ruin a good outdoor party .
Do you have any tips for getting rid of mosquito bites naturally ?
Comments
What were the folks at the US Minerals Management Service doing when they were supposed to be preventing millions of gallons of oil from spewing into the ocean ?
Apparently , looking at lots of porn .
[ Daily Beast ]
Advertisement
Yesterday at the dinner table my son says " Hey dad , did you know 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 ? " * He thought this was awesome .
I 've previously told him the trick about multiplying by 9 ( 2x9 = 18 , 1+8=9 , 3x9=27 , 2+7=9 and so on up the times table ) and a couple of other fun facts .
I 'd like to present him with some other neat numerical properties and math facts .
He 'd need to be able to grasp the concept , so something like the non-palindromic properties of 196 might be a bit beyond him .
He 's in ( the equivalent of ) 2nd grade at a Montessori school and math is his favorite subject .
He 's currently doing 2 - digit division and he 's pretty much mastered multiplication .
I 'm not afraid to go a bit beyond what he 's learning but I do n't want to go too far beyond it .
What can you tell him about other interesting numbers and how to get to those numbers ?
Calculator tricks might be fun as well .
I 'm sure if I teach him the S8008 trick he 'll be the King of the Playground .
Also tricks that require props such as playing cards , Legos , or anything else are welcome , as long as they demonstrate the type of thing I 'm looking for .
I 'll take book suggestions as well .
Christmas is coming ...* interestingly , the first Google hit for 12345678987654321 is a MeFi thread .
( CNN ) --
Four suspects have been charged with first - degree murder in connection with a home invasion that began with an ad on Craigslist , Washington state authorities said Friday .
Three of the suspects were arrested on May 1 .
A fourth suspect , Clabon Terrel Berniard , 23 , turned himself in Thursday , police said .
Berniard and the others are accused of killing a man on April 28 in Edgewood , a city outside Tacoma .
They are charged with first - degree murder , robbery and assault .
The case began when James Sanders and his wife posted an ad on Craigslist offering a diamond ring for $ 1,050 , said Pierce County Prosecutor Mark Lindquist .
Sanders arranged to meet prospective buyers of the ring at the family 's home , the prosecutor said .
" Two people show up and act like a couple looking for a ring for the mother - in - law , " Lindquist said .
But once they entered the house , he said , the man posing as the husband pulled out a handgun .
The victim , his wife , and their sons , ages 14 and 10 , were restrained with plastic handcuffs , Lindquist said .
Two other suspects then entered the home .
One pistol - whipped the older son , he said .
Sanders broke out of his restraints and attempted to defend the 14 - year - old , and was shot three times , the prosecutor said .
" While this is going on , " Lindquist said , " other bad guys are kicking Mom in the head while she 's lying on the floor . "
The three suspects arrested in May were caught in California after a traffic stop .
They have been identified as Kiyoshi A. Higashi , 22 , of Tacoma ; Joshua N. Reese , 20 , also from Tacoma ; and Amanda C. Knight , 21 , from Sumner .
Knight posted bail in California and subsequently surrendered to authorities in Sumner on Tuesday , authorities said .
She pleaded not guilty at her arraignment .
Her bail was set at $ 2 million .
Higashi , Reese and Berniard are expected to be arraigned next week .
The killing came a year after a medical student in Boston , Massachusetts , was charged with killing a woman who advertised a massage service on Craigslist .
" You hate to tell people to be wary of your fellow citizens , but the reality is you 've got to be wary when you are doing something when interacting with strangers on Craigslist , " prosecutor Lindquist said .
" This is a cautionary tale . "
2020 Applications Available NOW !
CALLING ALL ARTISTS !
Join our vibrant ARTS community .
Seeking ALL the Arts… Music , Performance , Visual and MORE !
Become a part of this thriving , electric , community ARTS event .
All artistic media considered .
Art Walk is a producer - only event ; all pieces must be original and handcrafted by the artist .
A committee reviews every applicant [… ]
Rocks
Off is currently in the market for a good guitar yet has next to no money , so for the past few months we 've been tantalizing ourselves by poring over the multitude of guitars of the Internet .
There are some mighty pretty signature guitars out there , including Angus Young 's signature Gibson SG and Dave Navarro 's signature Paul Reed Smith .
Yes , Navarro 's signature model is a surprising display of restraint and taste , whereas we expected him to be wielding something closer to the mighty Wangcaster pictured at right .
That 's not a gay joke , by the way ; the former ( still ? )
Jane 's Addiction axeman just has the air of a fella who , apropos of nothing else , would rather be noodling on a big wooden dick .
You , however , have come here for the fugliest of signature rocksticks , and dont you worry .
In our browsings , we 've found many , many examples of custom guitars we can't believe anyone who wanted to be thought of as a professional would want to be associated with .
6 . The Gibson SG Zoot Suit
You know it 's a hideous guitar when they wo n't even show the whole fucking thing in its own advertisement .
In case you 're curious , here 's the entire guitar .
Gibson usually makes a fine - looking guitar ( except , of course , for the Explorer ) , so you know they had to be immediately aware that they had a technicolor turd on their hands when they could n't find anyone better to pawn it off on than the guy from the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies .
We 'd have loved to have heard his response : " Look , guys , I know I 'm just the guitarist in a mediocre swing band that was briefly relevant in 1997 thanks to the film Swingers , but even I am ashamed to be holding this guitar . "
* Gibson management stuffs a rocket launcher full of thousand dollar bills and fires it at him *
" Okay , you know what , maybe it 's not that bad ... "
Someone on the design committee must not have been familiar with the term " tasty licks . "
We 're supposed to look at a guitar and think , " I bet I could scorch some tasty licks outta that thing ! " not , " I wonder how many tasty licks it would take to get to the chewy Tootsie Roll center ? "
5 . Everything Eddie Van Halen Puts His Hands On
We all know Eddie 's trademark Frankenstrat ( pictured ) is hideous , sure .
If it looks like something some kid glued together in his basement , well , that 's because that 's pretty much what it is .
But why was the guy who blazed that solo on " Eruption " constantly surrounded by so many horrible - looking guitars ?
Look at this , for chrissakes .
What the shit were they trying for with that yellow thing on the left ?
Well , at least if you were a luthier in the ' 80s and you wanted to try out some abstract cubism in your work , you 'd know that if it turned out ass - ugly ( which it did ) , Eddie Van Halen would still buy it and display it proudly .
And wait , to the right of the yellow - thing , in between it and the normal - looking Les Paul , is that ... is that just a pickax ?
Okay what is ... we do n't even ... let 's move on .
4 . ESP Will Paint Your Guitar .
Just Try and Stop Them .
As far as shape is concerned , ESP only has a couple of truly ugly designs .
They 're pretty notable , though ; look at this dumb metal - esque design they did for the guy from Soulfly , and the phallic majesty that is Gus G.'s signature model .
Oof .
God damn , Gus .
You shred for Ozzy , man , we know you 've got one of the biggest guitar - boners in the biz .
There was no need to embody that physically in your axe .
Those two models aside , ESP 's true specialty ( other than actually making a pretty decent guitar ) seems to lie in the hideous custom paint jobs they 'll slap on any old model , turning out otherwise fine guitars that are painted like those El Caminos you see having hydraulics - bounce contests in the barrio .
Jeff Hanneman of Slayer ?
Here 's some horrible camo for you .
Michael Wilton of Queensryche ?
Here 's exactly the same picture you had on your 8th grade Trapper Keeper .
Dan Jacobs of Atreyu ?
Here 's whatever we had laying around the shop , who the fuck even knows ?
George Lynch of the Lynch Mob and Souls of We ?
No .
Not yet .
George is going to need his own section .
3 . Epiphone 's Zakk Wylde Graveyard Disciple
Take a look at that picture there .
Which one of those does not belong ?
The Les Paul on the left actually has a pretty cool paint job , that one can stay .
The Les Paul on the right ?
Not too shabby , either .
And then ... come on , seriously ?
This is disappointing .
Zakk had never really been heavily into all that gimmicky bullshit ; sure , a few spiked gauntlets here and there , but hell , what metal man has n't worn a spiked gauntlet or two in his day ?
But that coffin guitar is exactly the kind of thing he 's better than .
We 'd say it reeked of snarky , ironic , cartoony [ adult swim ] - style cheese , except even Toki and Skwisgar from Dethklok play relatively subdued metal guitars by comparison .
Ehhh , whatever .
We 're just happy we still have a living , breathing Zakk Wylde roaming the plains , whichever axe he chooses to sport .
2 . George Lynch LOVES
This Horseshit Pictured at left is well - respected metal guitarist George Lynch playing what is , incredibly , one of the least eye - rapingly horrendous of the many signature models bearing his name .
Just look at these god damn things .
It starts out with something that kind of looked like it was going to be just another ugly camouflage guitar , but then someone in the Non-Sequitur Department stuck a picture of a Japanese kamikaze fighter on there , accompanied by a couple little bomb graphics and the Japanese characters for " Please destroy this object with mighty nuclear weapons , for it shames us . "
Next is a kind of beetle - like pattern that 's only mildly ugly , then there 's that design your crazy uncle used to wear on the back of his jean jacket when he'd go out on the town and hit the roller rinks , looking for a naïve young girl who would accompany him back to his Z - 28 and listen to his Ratt tape while he hungrily groped her .
Below that are two stylishly pre-worn editions that do n't look so bad .
They 've been toned down from earlier versions of the same guitar , which were pretty much a straight up rip - off of the Joe Strummer Telecaster ; here 's what the Lynch model used to look like .
While none of these really qualifies as the ugliest guitar we 've ever seen , Lynch gets points for sheer quantity .
No other axeman has such a volume of ugly signature guitars .
Next :
The ugliest guitar we 've ever seen .
1 . Samurai Spirits ' Kyomoto Special
No , really .
That exists , and actor - singer Masaki Kyomoto not only plays it , it 's his signature line .
It has a katana embedded within it , presumably so Kyomoto can fend off anyone who comes near him trying to destroy this thing that has burned itself into their corneas .
It 's just ... * sigh *... WHY ?!
If this was the accessory of a villainous He - Man action figure , that would be one thing .
We 'd even understand if GWAR showed up with one of these things , although it may be a little much , even for them .
But the guy who plays this does n't wear any elaborate costumes , really .
He 's just a normal - looking Japanese rock dude .
Did he have this made to spite the very essence of the guitar , as an instrument ?
Did it appear to the luthier in a vision carried by angry oni ?
Is it made out of plastic ?
Or possibly soap ?
You 'd hand this guitar to the comic - book superhero Spawn , and he'd hand it right back , muttering " Uh ... thanks anyway , actually trying to tone it down a little ... " before awkwardly soaring off , trailing his 100 - ft bright crimson cape behind him .
This guitar hurts us deeply , in a very private place , and we wo n't be satisfied until we 've found some way to hurt it back .
Annie Leonard ’s The Story of Stuff , the explosive online video ( now also expanded into a book ) , provides an entertaining explanation of a glaring economic flaw .
The Story of Stuff takes a look at the economy ’s linear system that runs from extraction to production to distribution to consumption to disposal .
As Annie says , “… you can not run a linear system on a finite planet indefinitely . ”
You especially can’t grow the size of that linear system indefinitely .
But that ’s the misguided aim of current economic goals and policies .
Misguided as it is , however , we know why politicians and economists push economic growth and consumer spending .
As soon as we slow down our shopping and buy less stuff , the economy spirals into a recession .
That ’s when we start hearing about and experiencing real problems – problems like people losing their jobs , their homes , and even their ability to take care of basic needs .
What a dilemma !
The planet ca n’t sustain our pattern of consumption , but people get steamrolled in the economy when consumption slows down .
The solution is to figure out how to structure the economy so that people can meet their needs without trashing the planet .
But restructuring the economy is no simple task .
Even gathering the will to take a shot at it is difficult .
The main reason is that economics is a subject most of us avoid .
The majority of people understand that it ’s good to have money in their pockets , but they do n’t necessarily want to get involved in the policies of the Federal Reserve , the inner workings of the Treasury Department , or banking regulations .
That ’s the job of economists , right ?
But 99 % of economists are entrenched in the old way of thinking .
Their training and their methods are aimed at growing the unsustainable linear system .
Economists are always talking about growth .
Growth , growth , growth .
They seem to believe that getting bigger is the only recipe for getting better .
It ’s worked for them in the past and it ’s what they know .
And they mostly have n’t studied ecology or physics or other fields that would help inform them about the effects of their policies on the planet .
As a result , economists are doing what they can to prop up the old system , and politicians and the public are inclined to listen to them .
Politicians are especially susceptible to the spin .
They do n’t usually know much at all about economics , but they do know they ’ll be thrown out of office if people are losing their jobs and their sense of security .
Why do we grant so much latitude to economists , especially when they have proven time and time again that they can’t predict momentous economic events ?
With few exceptions , they did n’t know the financial and economic crisis of 2008 was coming .
We ’ve pursued and achieved economic growth for several centuries , and through official policy for over 50 years .
If their prescription of continuous economic growth is the answer , why are we facing so many profound environmental and economic problems ?
Why should we be worried about global warming and losing our jobs at the same time ?
It will take a lot of effort to get the ball rolling on changing our economic structure .
On the positive side , ecological economists have already developed the foundation for a new economy .
A steady state economy provides a real potential for sustainability that simply cannot derive from continuous pursuit of economic growth .
A steady state economy respects limits and strives for stability in population , consumption , and overall use of energy and materials .
To get a feel for how this works , think of a healthy mature forest .
It does not grow in size , but it is a living system with a complex web of parts .
Remarkably diverse groups of species cooperate and compete within the forest , and there are opportunities for new species and ecosystem functions to develop over time .
Just like in the forest , stability in a steady state economy is very different from stagnation .
Ecological economists actually call this kind of stability a dynamic equilibrium .
This fancy term simply means that a steady state economy is dynamic – it changes and develops over time – but it balances with the natural environment .
The idea is to right - size the economy , to find that Goldilocks size that ’s not too small and not too big , but just right .
The old economy has one major rule : grow or die .
Unfortunately , we ’re getting to the point where that rule is changing to grow AND die .
In contrast , the new steady state economy lives by four main rules described below .
It ’s very hard to argue against any of these four rules .
In fact , as a test , let ’s consider the opposite of each rule as well …
Rule 1 – Maintain healthy ecosystems .
Healthy ecosystems provide the life - support services for the planet .
Ecosystems tend to be resilient , so they can handle quite a bit of disturbance .
But if economic activities grow too large , they can disrupt the ability of those ecosystems to do their job .
The opposite of Rule 1 is that we destroy healthy ecosystems or maintain unhealthy ecosystems , clearly not a good idea ( assuming we want to maintain life on the planet ) .
Rule 2 – Extract renewable resources at a rate no faster than they can be regenerated .
Renewable resources , like forests and stocks of fish , provide goods for the economy .
The amazing part about them is that they can go on providing goods year after year , so long as we do n’t overdo it .
If we take only the number of trees and fish that can be regenerated ( economists call this sustainable yield ) , we can keep consuming timber and fish for generations to come .
The opposite of Rule 2 is that we extract renewable resources at a rate faster than they can be regenerated .
Following such a course of action would wipe out the forest and drive the fish population to extinction .
It would be like killing the goose that lays golden eggs .
Rule 3 – Use non-renewable resources at a rate no faster than we can find renewable substitutes .
To use a non-renewable resource , like a fossil fuel or mineral , really means to use it up .
There will be less of it available for future generations .
This condition does n’t mean that we have to leave all non-renewable resources untouched .
But it does mean that there is a clear limit to their exploitation , and we should be working toward replacing them with renewable substitutes as we use them up .
The opposite of Rule 3 is to use non-renewable resources without finding renewable substitutes .
Following this course of action would deplete the bounty of planetary resources in short order .
It would be like winning a million dollar lottery , leaving behind a job , and throwing a million dollars ’ worth of lavish parties for one year .
It might have been one heck of a year , but at the end of it , the money would be all gone , and future prospects would n’t be so bright .
Rule 4 – Dump wastes into the environment no faster than they can be safely assimilated .
Depositing wastes faster than they can break down means that we have to live in our own piles of refuse .
It makes for unpleasant and unhealthy living conditions .
The opposite of Rule 4 is to dump wastes as fast as we please .
We do n’t have to imagine the consequences of this course of action .
We ’ve seen them in the past – remember when it was n’t all that uncommon for a river to catch on fire ?
And we see them today in the form of climate change and rising cancer rates .
Before we can go about building an economy based on these rules , we need to tell our economists and politicians that enough is enough ( signing the CASSE position is a good start ) .
We need to stop avoiding the thorny subject of economics and demand a new economic framework — preferably a steady state economy that provides a happy ending to The Story of Stuff .
MIT researchers have developed software that makes computer simulations of physical systems run much more efficiently on so - called multicore chips .
In experiments involving chips with 24 separate cores — or processors — simulations of fluid flows were at least 50 percent more efficient with the new software than they were with conventional software .
And that figure should only increase with the number of cores .
Complex computer models — such as atom - by - atom simulations of physical materials , or high - resolution models of weather systems — typically run on multiple computers working in parallel .
A software management system splits the model into separate computational tasks and distributes them among the computers .
In the last five years or so , as multicore chips have become more common , researchers have simply transferred the old management systems over to them .
But John Williams , professor of information engineering in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering ( CEE ) and Engineering Systems Division , CEE postdoc David Holmes , and Peter Tilke , a scientific adviser at oilfield services company Schlumberger and a visiting scientist in the Earth Resources Lab , have developed a new management system that exploits the idiosyncrasies of multicore chips to improve performance .
To get a sense of what it might mean to split a model into separate tasks , consider a two - dimensional simulation of a weather system over some geographical area — like the animated weather maps on the nightly news .
The simulation considers factors like temperature , humidity and wind speed , as measured at different weather stations , and tries to calculate how they will have changed a few minutes later .
Then it takes the updated factors and performs the same set of calculations again , gradually projecting its model out across hours and days .
Changes to the factors in a given area depend on the factors measured nearby , but not on the factors measured far away .
So the computational problem can , in fact , be split up according to geographic proximity , with the weather in different areas being assigned to different computers — or cores .
The same holds true for simulations of many other physical phenomena .
A computer model simulates the falling of a drop of water by calculating the forces that individual molecules exert on each other .
The simulation can be broken into chunks , each representing a cluster of neighboring molecules , that are processed in parallel by different processing units , or “ cores .
” When such simulations run on a cluster of computers , the cluster ’s management system tries to minimize the communication between computers , which is much slower than communication within a given computer .
To do this , it splits the model into the largest chunks it can — in the case of the weather simulation , the largest geographical regions — so that it has to send them to the individual computers only once .
That , however , requires it to guess in advance how long each chunk will take to execute .
If it guesses wrong , the entire cluster has to wait for the slowest machine to finish its computation before moving on to the next part of the simulation .
In a multicore chip , however , communication between cores , and between cores and memory , is much more efficient .
So the MIT researchers ’ system can break a simulation into much smaller chunks , which it loads into a queue .
When a core finishes a calculation , it simply receives the next chunk in the queue .
That also saves the system from having to estimate how long each chunk will take to execute .
If one chunk takes an unexpectedly long time , it does n’t matter :
The other cores can keep working their way through the queue .
Perhaps more important , smaller chunks means that the system is better able to handle the problem of boundaries .
To return to the example of the weather simulation , factors measured along the edges of a chunk will affect factors in the adjacent chunks .
In a cluster of computers , that means that computers working on adjacent chunks still have to use their low - bandwidth connections to communicate with each other about what ’s happening at the boundaries .
Multicore chips , however , have a memory bank called a cache , which is relatively small but can be accessed very efficiently .
The MIT researchers ’ management system can split a simulation into chunks that are so small that not only do they themselves fit in the cache , but so does information about the adjacent chunks .
So a core working on one chunk can rapidly update factors along the boundaries of adjacent chunks .
In theory , a single machine with 24 separate cores should be able to perform a simulation 24 times as rapidly as a machine with only one core .
In the February issue of Computer Physics Communications , the MIT researchers report that , in their experiments , a 24 - core machine using the existing management system was 14 times as fast as a single - core machine ; but with their new management system , the same machine was about 22 times as fast .
And , Williams says , the new system ’s performance advantage compounds with the number of cores , “ like compound interest over time .
” Geoffrey Fox , professor of informatics at Indiana University , says that the MIT researchers ’ system is “ clever and elegant , ” but he has doubts about its broad usefulness .
The problems of greatest interest to many scientists and engineers , he says , are so large that they will still require clusters of computers , where the MIT researchers ’ system offers scant advantages .
“ State - of - the - art problems will not run on single machines , ” Fox says .
But Holmes points out that the model that he and his colleagues used in their experiments was a simulation of fluid flow through an oilfield , which is of immediate interest to Schlumberger , which helped fund the research .
“ We ’re running problems with 50 , 60 million particles , ” Holmes says , “ which is on the order of 20 , 30 gigabytes . ”
Holmes also points out that 24 - core computers “ will not remain the state of the art for long . ”
Manufacturers have already announced lines of 128 - core computers , and that could just be the tip of the iceberg .
Williams adds that , even for problems that still require clusters of computers , the new system would allow the individual machines within the clusters to operate more efficiently .
“ Cross - machine communication is one or two orders of magnitude slower than on - machine communication , ” Williams says , “ so it makes sense to keep cross - machine communication to a minimum , which is what our solution allows . ”
by Joshua Lapide
Toll from attack rises to 19 dead .
Roads to the West Bank and the Gaza crossings closed .
Access to Temple Mount mosques forbidden .
Raed Salah , Palestinian leader of the northern Israel is seriously hurt .
Arab and Israeli strikes in Gaza .
Abbas declares three days of mourning and calls the Israeli operation " a massacre " .
Israel claims aid ships were " a provocation " with links to terrorism .
Anti-Israeli demonstrations in Istanbul .
Ankara withdraws its ambassador from Tel Aviv .
Jerusalem ( AsiaNews ) - Israeli police and security forces have raised a state of alert across the country after the attack on a group of ships off the coast of Gaza , leading to at least 19 dead and dozens injured ( see Israel attacks ships carrying aid to Gaza .
At least 10 dead ) .
An Israeli policeman tells AsiaNews that " We are on the brink of war or a new Intifada . "
Here and there in Israel , particularly in Nazareth , there are demonstrations against the attack on the ships carrying humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza , forcing the Israeli blockade on the Strip .
Arab organizations have declared a general strike .
Security forces have decided to close the Gaza crossings , some roads that communicate with the West Bank and the Temple Mount mosques .
The seized vessels ( all six ) were conducted in the port of Ashdod .
There are fears about the fate of a Palestinian leaders from northern Israel , Raed Salah , who was on the attacked ships .
At first the news spread that he had been killed in the raid .
Palestinian sources now say that he is seriously hurt .
Mahmoud Abbas , president of the Palestinian Authority has declared three days of mourning throughout the West Bank and called the Israeli operation a " massacre " .
Israel is also battling the media .
MPs and ministers continue to assert that the activists were not at all " peaceful " but waited for the arrival of soldiers carrying weapons ( long knives , bats , other instruments of offense ) .
At least six soldiers were wounded , one of whom seriously .
For Israel , ships and humanitarian aid were " a provocation " .
The deputy foreign minister , Daniel Ayalon said that before attacking , the Israeli military command ordered the ships to stop several times and agree to land the aid under Israeli control .
He also said that the activists on the ship are linked to Hamas and other terrorist organizations .
According to some Israeli analysts , the incident of the Gaza flotilla is likely to further exacerbate the relationship between Palestinians and Israelis , on the brink of a new , third intifada .
An Israeli policeman , speaking to AsiaNews , confirmed the risk of a third intifada , but also added : " We are on the brink of war .
There is a fear that Hezbollah front in Lebanon could be sparked again and that anti-Israel demonstrations spread throughout the world . "
Currently there are demonstrations in Turkey , especially Istanbul .
The Foreign Ministry urged all Israelis leaving for Turkey to cancel their departure and said he will hold the Ankara government responsible for anything that could happen to Israelis on soil Turkish .
Today Ankara has recalled its ambassador from Tel Aviv .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has made it clear to Russia that delivering an anti-aircraft system to Iran would have severe consequences for U.S. ties with Moscow , a senior advisor to President Obama said Tuesday .
In a generally upbeat assessment of ties with Russia , Gary Samore , White House coordinator for arms control , weapons of mass destruction proliferation and terrorism , said he thought Russia understood Washington ’s position and would be surprised if Moscow shipped the S - 300 anti-aircraft system that Iran has ordered .
“ We ’ve made it very clear to the Russians that that would have a very significant impact on our bilateral relations , ” said Samore .
“ I think the Russians understand that the consequences would be very severe . ”
Tehran has urged Russia not to bow to Western pressure over the sale of the system which , analysts say , could help Iran thwart any attempt to bomb Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
The United States and Israel have refused to rule out military action against Iran if diplomacy fails to resolve the dispute over its nuclear facilities .
Tehran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , but Western governments believe it is aimed at bomb - making .
Washington is pressing other global powers to agree to a fourth round of U.N. sanctions against Tehran over its refusal to halt its nuclear work , but Samore said Iran ’s program had suffered technical setbacks , giving diplomacy a bit more time .
“ The nuclear clock is not moving as quickly as some feared , ” he said .
DEFENDING RESET WITH RUSSIA
Samore defended the Obama administration ’s decision this week to revive an agreement with Russia in which the two countries would cooperate on civilian nuclear energy , saying the Russians had been more cooperative on issues ranging from dealing with Iran to reducing nuclear arms .
But he stopped short of saying that the proposed nuclear deal would be withdrawn if the Russians sent the anti-aircraft system to Iran , or backed away from supporting a new resolution on U.N. Security Council sanctions against Iran .
“ I think we are seeing good cooperation from the Russians and I think that will be apparent to everybody once the Security Council takes action , ” Samore said .
“ I think we will get a good resolution with Russian and Chinese support . ”
Washington ’s effort to renew the civilian nuclear deal with Russia is the latest attempt to “ reset ” U.S. relations with Russia , one of President Barack Obama ’s foreign policy priorities .
The civilian nuclear deal was shelved almost two years ago over Russia ’s war with Georgia , when relations between Washington and Moscow reached a post - Cold War low .
The agreement is not a treaty but it must be submitted to Congress for a 90 day review and lawmakers can vote to kill it before it becomes effective .
Some Republicans in Congress have expressed concern that Obama is going too far in Russia ’s direction before getting Moscow to sign on to a tough sanctions resolution on Iran .
“ By trading this agreement for Russian support for a weak , meaningless round of Iran sanctions at the UN Security Council , the U.S. has severely hampered its own efforts to isolate the Iranian regime , ” said Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
Indeed , evangelical conservatives are among it 's bitterest and most dedicated critics .
Sarah Palin is in this tendency , and in the Fall of 2008 when my colleague Rachel Tabachnick and I were writing extensively on Palin 's ties to the New Apostolic movement , evangelicals and fundamentalists opposed to the movement were lifting and re-posting entire articles we had written .
Point being : many religious conservatives view the religious tendency that the Republican Party is now heavily courting as a dangerous , even satanic , heresy .
Some think the New Apostolic Reformation is the " beast " described in the Book of Revelations .
That 's part of the reason Lou Engle is relevant to immediate electoral politics .
Here 's another reason he 's relevant :
In early May the Kansas Democratic Party issued a press release calling on Sam Brownback to " denounce close advisor and former roommate for supporting execution of gays . "
Now the KDP has released a new 1 and 1 /2 minute video , featuring footage I 've posted over the past several months , concerning US Senator Sam Brownback 's alleged friendship with evangelist Lou Engle , who claims he and Senator Brownback lived together in a rented Washington DC condo for seven months .
The video calls on Brownback to denounce Engle .
But this is n't just about Engle and Brownback .
As detailed below , based on the frequency with which he can be found in public appearances with leading Republican Party politicians , Lou Engle is the GOP 's new religious and prayer leader .
According to Lou Engle , " one of the names of God is ' the avenger of blood . ' "
In the Kansas Democratic Party video Engle can be seen be seen at a December 2007 rally in Kansas City asking teens and young adults , " have you ever worshiped that aspect of God anytime lately ? "
A year and a half , Kansas late - term abortion doctor George Tiller was assassinated .
Tiller 's wife said he considered himself a Christian martyr .
Lou Engle 's
TheCall events have featured calls for acts of Christian martyrdom to stop gay marriage and abortion .
On May 2nd , 2010 , Lou Engle staged a rally in Kampala , Uganda , apparently in support of a bill in that country that would execute many gay Ugandans and impose an Orwellian anti-gay police surveillance state .
Meet the GOP 's new prayer leader
Lou Engle is not just any evangelist .
He 's the Republican Party 's new unofficial prayer leader who could be found over the past year onstage with numerous nationally prominent GOP politicians .
But , why ?
The likely reason is that Engle is a prophet in a fast - rising new right of the Christian right that 's been almost wholly unnoticed by reporters and journalists purporting to cover politicized religion in America .
But as detailed below , fellow leaders in Engle 's movement are already playing a significant role in American electoral politics .
They claim to be both transforming entire African nations , whole US states such as Hawaii , and significant East Coast cities , including Newark , New Jersey .
Last December 2009 Engle led the Family Research Council 's Prayercast on Health Care Reform , a telecast event attended by GOP Senators Sam Brownback and Jim DeMint and Republican Congress members Michelle Bachmann and Randy Forbes .
Lou Engle claims he was Kansas Senator Sam Brownback 's roommate for seven months , and his association with GOP politicians does n't stop there .
During summer 2009 Engle blessed and anointed former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and former GOP Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich .
More recently , Engle led a session on " prayer and revival " at the April 2010 Freedom Federation ' Awakening 2010 ' conference at former Moral Majority head Jerry Falwell 's Thomas Road Baptist Church in Lynchburg , VA .
Attending the event were Virginia 's Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli , Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell , Texas Governor Rick Perry , Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty , Congressman Randy Forbes , Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , and Reagan Administration Undersecretary of Education Gary Bauer .
Media coverage of Lou Engle 's religious tendency has been almost nonexistent , and that 's striking given there 's evidence the movement has already fielded a vice presidential candidate and is now fielding one ( and , adding Brownback , maybe even two ) GOP gubernatorial candidates .
***
You can read the rest of this story here at Alternet.org
Ancient ' Ikea ' building unearthed 6th - century BC structure came with assembly instructions
( ANSA ) - Rome , April 20 - Archaeologists have unearthed the remains of a 6th - century BC ' Ikea building ' , complete with detailed assembly instructions .
The team working at Torre Satriano near the southern city of Potenza described the structure as a luxury , Greek - style building " similar to a temple " .
The central body of the building was topped by a sloping roof with red and black decorations , nearly every part of which is inscribed with detailed directions on how it slots together with other components .
An adjoining side structure boasts a colonnade marking the entranceway , reported the National Geographic Storica history magazine in its latest edition .
The roof was designed to filter rainwater down decorative panels , known as cymatiums , with projections designed to protect the wall below from dripping water .
" All the cymatiums and several sections of frieze also have inscriptions relating to the roof assembly system , " explained the Director of Basilicata University 's Archaeology Schoool Massimo Osanna .
" So far , around a hundred inscribed fragments have been recovered , with masculine ordinal numbers on the cymatiums and feminine ones on the friezes " .
The end result is a kind of instruction booklet , with every component identified by its own symbol and , as in modern systems , categorized as masculine or feminine depending on how it fits together with other parts .
" The characteristics of these inscriptions indicate they date back to around the 6th century BC , which tallies with the architectural evidence suggested by the decoration , " explained Osanna .
The team also discovered that the decorative features of the Torre Satriano building were extremely similar to ornamentation on another structure unearthed near Braida di Vaglio , a town not far away .
" The similarity in the use of these decorations indicates the same origin , possibly the same mold was used , " explained Osanna .
Both sites were on the fringes of the area colonized by Ancient Greece .
This has led the team to speculate that a consequent fashion for all things Greek among local nobility prompted an enterprising local builder to start churning out affordable , DIY structures .
I got an advance look at Google 's latest treat for Android phones , Android 2.2 ( more deliciously known as Froyo ) on the Nexus One .
Announced this morning at Google I/O in San Francisco , the update will initially be available to Motorola Droid and Nexus One owners in June .
Android users will definitely be happy with this update , which delivers faster performance , tethering / mobile hotspot and of course , Flash support .
Flash Player 10.1 : Great for Watching Video
At last , full Flash support has finally arrived on Android .
Overall , the whole experience is quite good , but I encountered a couple of issues in my hands - on .
Video playback looked excellent on the Nexus One 's screen .
I watched a couple of trailers on the Warner Brothers ' site and was impressed with how smooth playback the was .
Flash support brings some big gaming potential to the Android platform .
I tested the South Park Studios ' make - your - own avatar feature and was amazed with how speedy the game was .
Other games , like a baseball game on Kongregate ran smoothly as well .
Farmville fans will also be delighted to learn that the ridiculously - addictive social networking game is Flash - based as well .
Now you 'll never get away from your farm .
Of course , not all sites were so fast .
While the kid 's educational site Ecoda Zoo looked gorgeous on the Nexus One , it moved painfully slow .
I tried playing a couple of beloved Flash games that are n't optimized for mobile and was disappointed that I could n't play some of them without a keyboard .
For example , with Dino Run , I had to press the " space " bar to do a certain action , but I could n't access the touch keyboard ( the keyboard only comes up when you 're in a typing field ) .
Interestingly enough , there 's a shortcut on one of the homescreens to a page with recommended Flash - enabled sites and games including South Park Studios , BBC , Sony Pictures , Armor Games and more .
TechCrunch dug up the lists for both the Nexus One and the Droid and pointed out that the two are different .
In fact , the list for the Droid is much shorter than the Nexus One's .
Missing from all of this Flash action , of course , is Hulu .
I was really disappointed when I tried - and ultimately failed - to watch an episode of " 30 Rock " on the Nexus One .
According to Adobe , Hulu does not own distribution rights for their content on mobile devices and therefore cannot stream video to smartphones .
With no Hulu on the iPad and no Hulu on your Android phone , is n't time for Hulu to develop an app ?
Let 's hope so .
Android 2.2 : Faster Performance , Wi-Fi HotSpot and Tethering
While Flash Player is clearly the biggest update , there are definitely a few gems in the update .
I did some side - by - side tests with a Nexus One running 2.1 and right off the bat , I noticed how much faster 2.2 is .
Native apps launched quicker and scrolling through Web pages felt smoother on my 2.2 Nexus One .
I 'm not sure how the carriers will handle this , but I was able to turn my T - Mobile Nexus One into a mobile hotspot via T - Mobile without any issue .
Tethering also worked without any issue with T - Mobile .
One of the biggest weaknesses with Android was the inability to download apps to your microSD card ; you had to resort to using your precious internal memory .
Now , with the 2.2 update , you can store your apps on a microSD card .
Finally , there are also a few subtle cosmetic tweaks in the update .
On the homescreen , there are three permanent shortcuts to the dialer app , the app menu and the browser .
Éclair ( 2.0 /2.1 ) only has a shortcut to the Menu app .
Other than that , 2.2 looks pretty similar to 2.1 .
The next treat for Android fans is Gingerbread , coming in Q4 of 2010 .
What do you want to see in the next version of Android ?
Leave your answer in the comments below .
The hardest thing about writing a multiple - choice game in ChoiceScript is creating interesting choices for your players .
Here are five rules you can follow to make decisions you write more fun and engaging .
Rule 1 : Every option should have real consequences
If my decision has no effect on anything , why am I even making a decision ?
This rule is pretty uncontroversial , but in practice it ’s hard to follow consistently .
It ’s easy to write a collection of choices where nothing really happens ; the player moves from place to place pointlessly .
If you catch yourself doing this , consider just deleting those false decisions and skipping ahead to the good part !
It ’s also possible to take this rule too far , requiring that every option needs to branch into a completely different story .
That would be pretty cool , but unfortunately it ’s impossible to write a game like that ; you ’ll never finish .
Fortunately , as a multiple - choice game designer , you have alternatives to branching the story completely .
For example , sometimes player decisions do n’t branch the story right away , but they have an effect on the main character ’s attributes ( the “ stats ” on the stat screen ) or on other variables in the world .
Some options may have no effect on the game , but have a big effect on the player ’s imagination .
For example , choosing a gender in Choice of the Dragon does n’t really change the story at all , but it can completely change the way you think about the game , especially when it comes time to find a mate !
Rule 2 : The player needs some basis to make a decision
Even if you ’ve guaranteed that every option has consequences , if players have no idea what the consequences of their decisions will be , it becomes impossible to make a meaningful choice .
One of the classic “ choose a path ” series of books broke this rule all the time .
As an example , here ’s the very first choice from Journey Under the Sea ( the 2005 edition ) :
The cable attaching you to the Maray [ research vessel , above water ] is extended to its limit .
You have come to rest on a ledge near the canyon in the ocean floor that ancient myth says leads to the lost city of Atlantis .
You have an experimental diving suit designed to protect you from the intense pressure of the deep .
You should be able to leave the Seeker [ personal submarine ] and explore the sea bottom .
The new suit contains a number of the latest microprocessors enabling a variety of useful functions .
It even has a built - in PDA with laser communicator .
You can cut loose from the cable ; the Seeker is self - propelled .
You are now in another world .
Remember , this is a dangerous world , an unknown world .
As agreed , you signal the Maray , “ All systems GO .
It ’s awesome down here . ”
If you decide to explore the ledge where the Seeker has come to rest , turn to page 6 .
If you decide to cut loose from the Maray and dive with the Seeker into the canyon in the ocean floor , turn to page 4 .
How am I supposed to decide whether to explore the ledge or explore the canyon ?
Both of these options are exploratory ; neither of them has any clear advantages or disadvantages .
Without more information , I ’m forced to decide at random .
The goal of a multiple - choice game should be to make the player care about what happens ; random decisions force players to disengage from their options and select an option unemotionally .
Rule 3 : No option should be obviously better or worse than all the others
If one of the options is significantly better than the others , the player selecting that option loses a sense of agency — the feeling of making a decision .
It ’s like that Dilbert cartoon where Dilbert creates a computer with just one big button : “ We push the button for you before it leaves the factory . ”
If you ’ve got one really great option , try to improve the others to match it .
Similarly , if one option is much worse than the others , fix it or remove it .
When you break this rule , resist the temptation to “ fix ” it by giving the player less information .
Hiding the consequences just turns one mistake into another , by removing the player ’s basis for making the decision .
Instead , make an effort to ensure that every option is appealing in some way ; even “ wrong ” choices should be fun .
For example , in Choice of the Dragon , it ’s possible for your dragon to die , sometimes rather gruesomely , but we tried to ensure that your death would always be pretty cool .
Make the player say , “ Wow , that was neat ! ” and not , “ Oops .
That was lame . ”
EDIT : One particularly common way to make an option worse than all the others is to have an “ opt - out ” option , where you can choose not to participate in the story .
If you ’re telling a story about a big adventure , do n’t put in an option to stay at home and not go out on the adventure .
Either you ’ll have to override the player ’s choice , ( which breaks Rule 1 by removing the consequences of the decision ) or you ’ll have to give the story a boring ending .
“ Opt - out ” options are inherently uninteresting .
Rule 4 : Know your players
Multiple - choice games are role - playing games .
If you can learn what it means to be a good RPG gamemaster , you ’re well on your way to becoming a good game designer .
A great deal has been written about how to be a good gamemaster , including an enormous body of role - playing game theory , much of which is highly relevant to multiple - choice game design .
One of the most important tips for good gamemasters is that not all of us play games for the same reason ; different players can prefer vastly different games .
Traditionally , three types of players stand out in role - playing games :
Gamist Gamist players want to “ win ” the game ; they win when their character is successful .
They want victory to be difficult but attainable .
Gamists usually prefer “ power fantasy ” stories , where they can take the role of heroes accomplishing great deeds .
Dramatist / Narrativist Dramatists want to tell a great story , even if their characters are unsuccessful ; they play for emotional impact .
A dramatist would enjoy role - playing an epic tragedy , whereas a gamist would find a tragedy “ unfair ” because there is no way to win .
Simulationist A simulationist strives to ensure internal consistency within the rules ; they want the game to be plausible .
In multiple - choice games , simulationists prefer options that make sense for their characters , even if those choices do n’t help them “ win ” and do n’t make the story better .
Simulationists especially dislike “ unrealistic ” consequences ; for a simulationist , “ that ’s not what would really happen ” is a damning critique .
These types do n’t have to be distinct ; most players will have more than one of these goals .
Multiple - choice games have another category which I think is distinct to computer RPGs :
Explorationist “ What will happen if I push this button ? ”
The explorationist wants to discover what ’s possible .
They may become obsessed with finding every ending — good or bad — and trying options simply out of curiosity .
Since a good multiple - choice game will be played online by thousands of strangers , it ’s hard to “ know your players ” the way you know your friends .
However , you should still decide which type(s ) of players you ’re trying to satisfy .
Are you writing a story ?
Building a world ?
Crafting a game ?
Due to the nature of the multiple - choice game format , it ’s not impossible to satisfy many of these goals at once !
Which will you choose ?
The action that helps me win .
The action that creates the deepest story .
The action that my character would most likely choose in real life .
A mysterious action with unknown consequences .
Rule 5 : Break these rules
Knowing when to break the rules is almost as important as knowing when to follow them .
A malware attack is being spread via Twitter using " zombie " accounts to push a site which claims to link to a fun video .
Using the tagline " haha this is the funniest video ive EVER SEEN ! " , and a wide variety of Twitter hashtags , the website instead uses a Java exploit to drop a keylogger program and a banking Trojan ( which will search your hard drive for any banking details and watch when you log in to online banking sites ) on Windows computers that visit it .
The large number of accounts are being used to try to push the link onto trend - mapping sites that show popular links on Twitter .
F - Secure spotted the emergence of the threat today , and explained how it works .
And it had a suggestion for how to avoid the problem : " Lesson of the day is probably this : do you really need Java in your browser ? " asks the company .
" Seriously , do you ?
If not , get rid of it . "
The breadth of the attack indicates that the linked problems for Twitter - that it does n't seek any authentication of accounts beyond an email - and URL shorteners , which can make it hard for people to know where they are going mean that users of these services have to be cautious when using Windows systems .
Bit.ly has been alerted to the threat from the link ; presently its statistics indicate that there have been more than 1,630 clicks on the link - each of which means an infected computer and someone whose banking details are therefore at risk , and whose computer is a potential spam generator and botnet member .
If you have clicked on the link , you should immediately take your machine offline and scan it with an antivirus system .
If you need to check the final destination for a bit.ly URL , it 's easy with bit.ly links : add a + to the link you 're offered ( eg http://bit.ly/b6Z3BC+, which shows the statistics for the URL for the dangerous site ) .
Other URL - shortening services can make it harder to check where you 're being sent .
Tinyurl offers a " preview " function , but it 's always wise to look at any available information before continuing to a link from a source you do n't completely trust .
Stuck in 1915
Not many borders are closed in our globalized world , but the frontier between Armenia and Turkey is still a dead zone where the railroad stops .
The closed border is a strange anomaly in the new Europe that stems from two old tragedies : the still unresolved conflict of the early 1990s between Armenia and Turkey ’s ally Azerbaijan , and the catastrophe of 1915 when the entire Armenian population of eastern Anatolia was deported or killed in the dying days of the Ottoman Empire .
People on both sides of this closed border want it open .
Last month I flew between the Armenian capital of Yerevan and Istanbul — the two countries do at least have an air connection .
The standard look of the Armenian businessmen packing the plane was slightly menacing at first .
They all had dark leather jackets and hair cut short to the scalp , concealing a cheerful friendliness toward Turks .
The two men sitting next to me wanted to be able to send the carpets , doors , and windows they currently buy in Turkey , and dispatch to Armenia in a roundabout route via Georgia , directly home across an open border .
In Istanbul , the thoughtful Turkish academic Cengiz Aktar told me why he thinks that Turkey will be liberated if it faces up to the truth of what happened to its missing Armenians .
Aktar initiated an Internet petition apologizing for the " Great Catastrophe " of 1915 ( adopting the Armenians ’ own phrase for the tragedy ) and expressing sympathy for " my Armenian brothers and sisters . "
More than 30,000
Turks have signed it — remarkable for a country whose schoolbooks were , until recently , saying that Armenians killed Turks in the dying days of the Ottoman Empire and not the other way around .
It is not an easy process , but the taboo on discussing the issue of what happened to the missing Armenians has now been lifted in Turkey .
For a little while it seemed as if the governments in Yerevan and Ankara were also defying their region ’s dark historical determinism .
Last October , the Armenian and Turkish presidents , Serzh Sargsyan and Abdullah Gul , moved to sign two protocols on normalizing relations , pledging that , once the documents were ratified by their countries ’ parliaments , the closed border would open within two months .
Six months on , insecurities and local politics are again winning the day , and the protocols are in trouble .
Turkish leaders are postponing ratification of the agreements .
An April 12 meeting between Sargsyan and Turkey ’s powerful prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , in Washington on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit , was a last - ditch attempt to broker a rescue , but the initial omens from it are not good .
What has gone wrong ?
Ankara has gone cool on the process , saying it wants to see progress on the Armenian - Azerbaijani conflict over Nagorno - Karabakh — even though the conflict is not mentioned in the protocols .
The Turks clearly did not expect the furious reaction the rapprochement would have with Azerbaijan , the losing side in the conflict over the disputed province in the early 1990s .
One - seventh of Azerbaijan ’s de jure territory is still under Armenian control , and in 1993 , Turkey closed its border with Armenia in solidarity with its Turkic ally .
Azerbaijan has been lobbying hard and effectively against the protocols , and its fears are understandable — it is worried that if the Armenia - Turkey border opens , a key lever of influence on the Armenians to make concessions over Nagorno - Karabakh will be lost .
That might be true in the short term , but in the long run the opening of the border would be bound to transform the South Caucasus region and have a positive effect on the deep - set Nagorno - Karabakh conflict as well .
The Turks would become a neutral player in the Caucasus and have positive leverage there for the first time .
Alas , this kind of long - term thinking is not the norm in this region .
Another complication is the approach of April 24 , the date marked as Armenian Genocide Day .
As always , the coming anniversary is fraying tempers , as Armenians make their annual push for the U.S. president and Congress to term the 1915 killings " genocide , " infuriating Turkey .
Sargsyan has endured much criticism from diaspora Armenians for his rapprochement with Turkey .
He is now under pressure to withdraw his signature from the protocols and ward off criticism at home and in the diaspora that he has allowed the Turks to string him along .
A short - term fix is needed to overcome the immediate danger of a collapse in the process , one that the U.S. administration might have only a few days to try to engineer .
But there is also a longer - term challenge here — how to pull the South Caucasus region as a whole out of its historical cycle of mistrust and deadlock .
Local actors appear trapped , afraid to break the recurring negative dynamics that keep borders and minds closed .
A broader long - term strategy akin to the one that has slowly turned around the Balkans in the last decade and a half is needed here .
That means making a much greater commitment to untying the biggest knot tangling up the area between the Black and Caspian Seas , the Armenian - Azerbaijani conflict over Nagorno - Karabakh .
Currently the international resources being invested in the Nagorno - Karabakh peace process are much too small to make a difference .
The conflict is dormant , but there is no room for complacency .
Oil - rich Azerbaijan now spends more than $ 2 billion a year on its military budget , more than Armenia ’s entire annual budget .
A few years down the line this could lead Azerbaijan into an attempt to reconquer Nagorno - Karabakh by force , triggering a regional war that would shake the area between Russia , Turkey , and Iran .
The United States could also invest in some long - term thinking on the Armenian - Turkish issue , making reconciliation its strategic goal and not treating it as a problem that flashes up as a red light once a year , close to Armenian Genocide Day .
In recent years , the issue of whether the U.S. president will use the " G word " — genocide — in his annual April 24 statement has degraded what should be the commemoration of a historical tragedy into grubby political bargaining .
A key date , the centenary of the Armenian holocaust in 2015 , is glimmering over the horizon and can be a useful star for Turks , Armenians — and President Barack Obama — to be guided by .
The Turkish government should recognize that it has five years to come up with a better response to the Armenian question before the whole world commemorates the 100th anniversary of the Armenian holocaust .
By pushing the question five years into the future , Obama would be respectfully but gravely giving the Turkish government a chance to catch up with the growing debate in its own society .
If on April 24 he says , " In five years ’ time I will be marking the centenary of the Great Catastrophe of 1915 .
I hope to be marking it with our Turkish friends and not without them , " he will start to be a catalyst for reconciliation rather than just a player in the perpetual Armenian - Turkish quarrel .
It sounds like the issue of limited liability for BP is moot .
Both Reuters and The Guardian are reporting that according to legal documents and a close reading of the law , BP could be liable for some $ 4300 / barrel that gushes into the water .
In the worst case scenario , says the Guardian , with oil gushing at over 100,000 barrels per day for more than two months , the oil giant could be looking at a $ 60 billion fine .
Reuters arrives at a more conservative estimate of $ 10 billion .
Meanwhile , BP has already lost about $ 60 billion in market cap , but our guess is that if the ultimate fine were to be at the high end of the range , the stock would have a lot further to fall .
Let 's hope operation top kill works as planned .
Do n't miss : NASA pictures of the oil slick from outer space >
Another week and another top ten one - liners from commandlinefu explained .
This is the third post in the series already , covering one - liners 21 - 30 .
See the previous two posts for the introduction of the series and one - liners 1 - 20 :
Update : Russian translation now available .
# 21 . Display currently mounted file systems nicely
$ mount | column -t
The file systems are not that important here .
The column -t command is what is important .
It takes the input and formats it into multiple columns so that all columns were aligned vertically .
Here is how the mounted filesystem list looks without column -t command :
$ mount / dev/root on / type ext3 ( rw ) / proc on / proc type proc ( rw ) / dev / mapper / lvmraid - home on / home type ext3 ( rw , noatime )
And now with column -t command :
$ mount | column -t / dev/root on / type ext3 ( rw ) / proc on / proc type proc ( rw ) / dev / mapper / lvmraid - home on / home type ext3 ( rw , noatime )
You can improve this one - liner now by also adding column titles :
$ ( echo " DEVICE - PATH - TYPE FLAGS " && mount ) | column -t DEVICE - PATH - TYPE FLAGS / dev/root on / type ext3 ( rw ) / proc on / proc type proc ( rw ) / dev / mapper / lvmraid - home on / home type ext3 ( rw , noatime )
Columns 2 and 4 are not really necessary .
We can use awk text processing utility to get rid of them :
$ ( echo " DEVICE PATH TYPE FLAGS " && mount | awk ' $ 2 =$ 4 = " " ; 1 ' ) | column -t DEVICE PATH TYPE FLAGS / dev/root / ext3 ( rw ) / proc / proc proc ( rw ) / dev / mapper / lvmraid - home / home ext3 ( rw , noatime )
Finally , we can make it an alias so that we always enjoyed the nice output from mount .
Let 's call this alias nicemount :
$ nicemount ( ) { ( echo " DEVICE PATH TYPE FLAGS " && mount | awk ' $ 2 = $ 4 = " " ; 1 ' ) | column - t ; }
Let 's try it out :
$ nicemount DEVICE PATH TYPE FLAGS / dev/root / ext3 ( rw ) / proc / proc proc ( rw ) / dev / mapper / lvmraid - home / home ext3 ( rw , noatime )
It works !
# 22 . Run the previous shell command but replace every " foo " with " bar "
$ !!:gs/foo/bar
I explained this type of one - liners in one - liner # 5 already .
Please take a look for a longer discussion .
To summarize , what happens here is that the !!
recalls the previous executed shell command and : gs / foo / bar substitutes ( the :s flag ) all ( the g flag ) occurrences of foo with bar .
The !!
construct is called an event designator .
# 23 . Top for files
$ watch -d -n 1 ' df ; ls - FlAt / path '
This one - liner watches for file changes in directory / path .
It uses the watch command that executes the given command periodically .
The -d flag tells watch to display differences between the command calls ( so you saw what files get added or removed in / path ) .
The -n 1 flag tells it to execute the command every second .
The command to execute is df ; ls - FlAt / path that is actually two commands , executed one after other .
First , df outputs the filesystem disk space usage , and then ls - FlAt lists the files in / path .
The -F argument to ls tells it to classify files , appending code >*/=>@|</code to the filenames to indicate whether they are executables * , directories / , sockets = , doors > , symlinks code >@</ code , or named pipes | .
The -l argument lists all files , - A hides .
and .. , and -t sorts the files by time .
Special note about doors - they are Solaris thing that act like pipes , except they launch the program that is supposed to be the receiving party .
A plain pipe would block until the other party opens it , but a door launches the other party itself .
Actually the output is nicer if you specify -h argument to df so it was human readable .
You can also join the arguments to watch together , making them - dn1 .
Here is the final version :
$ watch - dn1 ' df -h ; ls - FlAt / path '
Another note - -d in BSD is -- differences
# 24 . Mount a remote folder through SSH
$ sshfs name@server :/ path / to/ folder / path/to/mount/point
That 's right , you can mount a remote directory locally via SSH !
You 'll first need to install two programs however :
FUSE that allows to implement filesystems in userspace programs , and
sshfs client that uses FUSE and sftp ( secure ftp - comes with OpenSSH , and is on your system already ) to access the remote host .
And that 's it , now you can use sshfs to mount remote directories via SSH .
To unmount , use fusermount :
fusermount -u / path / to/mount/point
# 25 . Read Wikipedia via DNS
$ dig + short txt < keyword>.wp.dg.cx
This is probably the most interesting one - liner today .
David Leadbeater created a DNS server , which when queried the TXT record type , returns a short plain - text version of a Wikipedia article .
Here is his presentation on he did it .
Here is an example , let 's find out what " hacker " means :
$ dig + short txt hacker.wp.dg.cx
" Hacker may refer to : Hacker ( computer security ) , someone involved in computer security / insecurity , Hacker ( programmer subculture ) , a programmer subculture originating in the US academia in the 1960s , which is nowadays mainly notable for the free software / " " open source movement , Hacker ( hobbyist ) , an enthusiastic home computer hobbyist http://a.vu/w:Hacker "
The one - liner uses dig , the standard sysadmin 's utility for DNS troubleshooting to do the DNS query .
The + short option makes it output only the returned text response , and txt makes it query the TXT record type .
This one - liner is actually alias worthy , so let 's make an alias :
wiki ( ) { dig + short txt $ 1.wp.dg.cx ; }
Try it out :
$ wiki hacker " Hacker may refer to : Hacker ( computer security ) , ... "
It works !
If you do n't have dig , you may also use host that also performs DNS lookups :
host -t txt hacker .wp.dg.cx
# 26 . Download a website recursively with wget
$ wget -- random - wait -r -p -e robots=off - U Mozilla www.example.com
This one - liner does what it says .
Here is the explanation of the arguments :
-- random - wait - wait between 0.5 to 1.5 seconds between requests .
- wait between 0.5 to 1.5 seconds between requests .
-r - turn on recursive retrieving .
- turn on recursive retrieving .
-e robots=off - ignore robots .
txt .
- ignore robots . txt .
- U Mozilla - set the " User - Agent " header to " Mozilla " .
Though a better choice is a real User - Agent like " Mozilla / 4.0 ( compatible ; MSIE 7.0 ; Windows NT 6.1 ; .NET CLR 2.0.50727 ; .NET CLR 3.5.30729 ; .NET CLR 3.0.30729 ) " .
Some other useful options are :
-- limit - rate=20 k - limits download speed to 20 kbps .
- limits download speed to 20 kbps. -o logfile .txt - log the downloads .
- log the downloads .
-l 0 - remove recursion depth ( which is 5 by default ) .
- remove recursion depth ( which is 5 by default ) .
-- wait=1h - be sneaky , download one file every hour .
# 27 .
Copy the arguments of the most recent command
ALT + . ( or ESC + . )
This keyboard shortcut works in shell 's emacs editing mode only , it copies the last argument form the last command to the current command .
Here is an example :
$ echo a b c a b c $ echo < Press ALT + .> $ echo c
If you repeat the command , it copies the last argument from the command before the last , then if you repeat again , it copies the last argument from command before the command before the last , etc .
Here is an example :
$ echo 1 2 3 1 2 3 $ echo a b c a b c $ echo < Press ALT + .> $ echo c $ echo < Press ALT + .> again $ echo 3
However , if you want to get 1st or 2nd or n-th argument , use the digit - argument command ALT + 1 ( or ESC + 1 ) or ALT + 2 ( or ESC +2 ) , etc .
Here is an example :
$ echo a b c a b c $ echo < Press ALT + 1 > < Press ALT + .> $ echo a a $ echo < Press ALT +
2 > < Press ALT + .> $ echo b b
See my article on Emacs Editing Mode Keyboard Shortcuts for a tutorial and a cheat sheet of all the shortcuts .
# 28 . Execute a command without saving it in the history
$ < space > command
This one - liner works at least on bash , I have n't tested other shells .
If you start your command by a space , it wo n't be saved to bash history ( ~/.bash_history file ) .
This behavior is controlled by $ HISTIGNORE shell variable .
Mine is set to HISTIGNORE = " & :[ ] * " , which means do n't save repeated commands to history , and do n't save commands that start with a space to history .
The values in $ HISTIGNORE are colon - separated .
If you 're interested , see my article " The Definitive Guide to Bash Command Line History " for a short tutorial on how to work with shell history and a summary cheat sheet .
# 29 .
Show the size of all sub folders in the current directory
$ du -h --max - depth=1
The -- max - depth=1 causes du to summarize disk usage statistics for directories that are depth 1 from the current directory , that is , all directories in the current directory .
The -h argument makes the summary human - readable , that is , displays 5 MB instead of 5242880 ( bytes ) .
If you are interested in both sub folder size and file size in the current directory , you can use the shorter :
$ du - sh *
# 30 . Display the top ten running processes sorted by memory usage
$ ps aux | sort - nk +4 | tail
This is certainly not the best way to display the top ten processes that consume the most memory , but , hey , it works .
It takes the output of ps aux , sort s it by 4th column numerically and then uses tail to output the last then lines which happen to be the processes with the biggest memory consumption .
If I was to find out who consumes the most memory , I 'd simply use htop or top and not ps .
Bonus one - liner : Start an SMTP server
python -m smtpd -n -c DebuggingServer localhost : 1025
This one - liner starts an SMTP server on port 1025 .
It uses Python 's standard library smtpd ( specified by -m smtpd ) and passes it three arguments - -n , -c DebuggingServer and localhost : 1025 .
The -n argument tells Python not to setuid ( change user ) to " nobody " - it makes the code run under your user .
The -c DebuggingServer argument tells Python to use DebuggingServer class as the SMTP implementation that prints each message it receives to stdout .
The localhost : 1025 argument tells Python to start the SMTP server on locahost , port 1025 .
However , if you want to start it on the standard port 25 , you 'll have to use sudo command , because only root is allowed to start services on ports 1 - 1024 .
These are also known as privileged ports .
sudo python -m smtpd -n -c DebuggingServer localhost:25
This one - liner was coined by Evan Culver .
Thanks to him !
That 's it for today ,
and be sure to come back the next time for Yet Another Ten One - Liners from CommandLineFu Explained .
Robert Wanek
nwoalert.com
May 10 , 2010
Names and and images are scarce due to the legal restrictions upon me , at a later date a vast amount of the 400 + page transcript will be available to the public .
Dating way back to December when I was a Junior at Breckenridge High School , many of you probably encountered my video describing how I was assaulted and suspended by faculty for handing out anti-vaccine information .
This video gained over 31,000 views in three days , reaching the front pages of youtube , and gaining mega viral status .
The attention garnered from this my video led to hundreds of phone calls and emails pouring into Breckenridge
High , eventually the teacher who assualted me filed a restraining order on behalf of him and his family in an attempt to halt production of my online videos .
the petition for restraining order was accepted and the terms were highly unconstitutional and orwellian , I was no longer allowed to mention BHS staff members names on the internet , and no video could be shot of any teachers in public , a gag order was also in place to prevent me from discussing the contents of the order .
In this restraining order it was stated that I made death threats and displayed threatening behavior / made threatening phone calls to staff homes .
Alleged threats including ‘ Putting an axe through your forehead ’ , ‘ Burning down your house ’ , and even ‘ Killing your children . ’
I was shocked to read that these comments and these sick statements supposedly were the work of me ??
I would never engage in such horrendous behavior , and I certainly would n’t jeapordize my credible by harrassing faculty at their homes .
A 2 year harrassment restraining order was accepted by the court against me putting major limitations on my quest for justice after being assaulted .
Armed with the phone records to prove my innocence I aquired Sam Johnson from Johnson Law Offices in Wahpeton , ND to represent me in repealing this fraudulent restraining order .
After all , the order even stated I could be arrested for ‘ Third Parties ’ contacting the school or engaging in activism .
The first hearing was simply a debate between the opposing attorney and Mr. Johnson , the matter was continued .
Hearing number two on the issue was a grueling 9 hour court appearence in which Judge Peter Hoff could not make a decision on the matter .
Throughout the entire hearing Mr. Hoff refused to accept evidence from us , he overruled possibly 98 % of my lawyers ’ objections , and viewed and assesed evidence before it had been marked or admitted .
That is a major conduct violation .
Recently I was able to obtain a copy of the court transcript which shows clearly that I am being denied my rights to a fair hearing and corruption is present in the court room .
My final hearing will be in less than 30 days , after forking out over $ 3,000 in lawyer fees , if this corruption continues and the judge decides to overrule the first amendment I will be unable to afford an appeal hearing , the Judical Review Board is currently investigating my claims of judge misconduct and hopefully justice will finally be served .
Below are just a few of many occasions where statutes are clearly ignored .
If you would like to help me in funding my fight for free speech you are welcome to do so by visiting sending funds to the paypal adress : [ email protected ] or using the chipin widget listed below , it is greatly appreciated .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It is one of these events which – like the cloning of Dolly – change everything and nothing .
As a proof of concept , the creation by Craig Venter et al of a bacterial cell controlled by a chemically synthesised genome is definitive .
For the first time an organism exists that got its genome not from the direct replication of another organism 's , but from a description of another organism 's , stored in a computer – and slightly modified , at that , to include a distinguishing " watermark " that might as well be , and perhaps already is , a trademark .
It 's also a landmark .
This is a moment in evolution , the origin of a new kingdom : the Synthetica , as artist Daisy Ginsberg has suggested we call it , supplementing nature 's bacteria , eukarya , and archaea .
It 's a tremendous achievement of human ingenuity and skill .
And there 's something wonderfully confirmatory of mechanistic materialism in the building of a genome from chemically synthesised molecules , that genome running a cell , and that cell replicating to a point where no trace of the original cell 's cytoplasm is left in its descendants .
This lays to rest , with a satisfying finality , the ghost of vitalism – the spooky , whiffy doctrine that there is some essence of life not captured by " reductionist " biochemistry .
On the other hand , vitalism is n't a doctrine of any major faith , besides new age theosophies and other forms of muddled thought .
In my teens I caught the virus of vitalism from reading Arthur Koestler 's The Ghost in the Machine – and was cured of it , ironically enough , by a creationist tract that extolled the wondrous complexity of cellular machinery : complex and wondrous enough , I realised , for life to need no other explanation .
That tiny machine did n't need even the tiniest ghost .
Synthetic life , then , creates no problems even for creationists ( after all , it 's intelligently designed ! ) let alone more sophisticated theists .
This wo n't , of course , spare us the usual TV studio parade of clergy ( why them ? ) asked to comment – though they may find it easier than usual to give answers less stupid than the questions .
More significant than the clerics are their secular successors , the ethicists – paid to worry so we do n't have to .
They 're already on the case .
Some conjure a scenario where synthetic organisms to which there 's " no natural resistance " run amok .
This seems misconceived .
The biosphere comes up with natural resistance to entirely new organisms every day .
Unless deliberately designed for survival , synthetic organisms that are released or escape into the wild will shortly be another organism 's lunch .
Then there 's the " playing God " objection .
Professor Julian Savulescu of Oxford talks darkly about " creating artificial life that could never have existed naturally " .
He says that like it 's a bad thing .
For Venter , of course , it 's the whole point .
But there are no new ethical problems here .
Humanity has been playing God with animals and plants since the invention of agriculture , and our domesticated species are already the most prevalent ( of their kind ) on the planet .
Venter has , in a neat reverse application of the precautionary principle , promoted bioethical debate about each step of his programme well before he carried them out .
The dangers – of bio -error or bio - terror – may be great , but not in principle greater than those posed by natural organisms put to evil or casual use .
The potential benefits , by contrast , are greater in principle .
This at least is the conclusion that the United States regulatory authorities have reached .
Their reasoning should not be taken uncritically , but neither should it be dismissed with a " They would say that , would n't they ? "
Just as this synthetic bacterium is the first of a new kingdom , synthetic biology is a new way of dealing with the natural world , as radical an invention as those of agriculture or machine industry .
In time it could replace both .
The potential goes way beyond bacteria that can synthesise fuel or vaccines , or eat up oil spills – applications , useful though they would be , that all sound like what someone thought of off the top their head .
Every foodstuff we eat could be produced by organisms designed from scratch for the purpose – as could every fibre we wear , every floor we walk on and roof we shelter under .
The possibilities outstrip our imagination .
You ’ll learn how to work with strings , numbers , lists , arrays , strictures , namespaces , regular expressions , subroutines , references , distributions , inline code , warnings , Perl : : Tidy , data munging , Perl one - liners , and a whole lot more .
Every technique is organized in the same Items format that helped make the first edition so convenient and popular .
New coverage in this edition includes
Nearly twice the size of the first edition , Effective Perl Programming , Second Edition , offers everything from rules of thumb to avoid common pitfalls to the latest wisdom for using Perl modules .
You wo n’t just learn the right ways to use Perl :
You ’ll learn why these approaches work so well .
For years , experienced programmers have relied on Effective Perl Programming to discover better ways to solve problems with Perl .
Now , in this long - awaited second edition , three renowned Perl programmers bring together today ’s best idioms , techniques , and examples : everything you need to write more powerful , fluent , expressive , and succinct code with Perl .
The Classic Guide to Solving Real - World Problems with Perl — Now Fully Updated for Today ’s Best Idioms !
Sample Content
Online Sample Chapter
Effective Perl Programming : Files and Filehandles
Sample Pages
Download the sample pages ( includes Chapter 5 and Index )
Table of Contents
Foreword xi
Preface xiii
Acknowledgments xvii
About the Authors xix
Introduction 1
Chapter 1 : The Basics of Perl 9
Item 1 .
Find the documentation for Perl and its modules .
9
Item 2 . Enable new Perl features when you need them .
12
Item 3 . Enable strictures to promote better coding .
14
Item 4 . Understand what sigils are telling you .
17
Item 5 . Know your variable namespaces .
19
Item 6 . Know the difference between string and numeric comparisons .
21
Item 7 .
Know which values are false and test them accordingly .
23
Item 8 . Understand conversions between strings and numbers .
27
Item 9 .
Know the difference between lists and arrays .
31
Item 10 .
Do n’t assign undef when you want an empty array .
34
Item 11 .
Avoid a slice when you want an element .
37
Item 12 .
Understand context and how it affects operations .
41
Item 13 .
Use arrays or hashes to group data .
45
Item 14 .
Handle big numbers with bignum .
47
Chapter 2 : Idiomatic Perl 51
Item 15 .
Use $ _ for elegance and brevity .
53
Item 16 .
Know Perl ’s other default arguments .
56
Item 17 .
Know common shorthand and syntax quirks .
60
Item 18 .
Avoid excessive punctuation .
66
Item 19 .
Format lists for easy maintenance .
68
Item 20 .
Use foreach , map , and grep as appropriate .
70
Item 21 .
Know the different ways to quote strings .
73
Item 22 .
Learn the myriad ways of sorting .
77
Item 23 .
Make work easier with smart matching .
84
Item 24 .
Use given - when to make a switch statement .
86
Item 25 .
Use do {} to create inline subroutines .
90
Item 26 .
Use List :: Util and List :: MoreUtils for easy list manipulation .
92
Item 27 .
Use autodie to simplify error handling .
96
Chapter 3 : Regular Expressions 99
Item 28 .
Know the precedence of regular expression operators .
99
Item 29 .
Use regular expression captures .
103
Item 30 .
Use more precise whitespace character classes .
110
Item 31 .
Use named captures to label matches .
114
Item 32 .
Use noncapturing parentheses when you need only grouping .
116
Item 33 .
Watch out for the match variables .
117
Item 34 .
Avoid greed when parsimony is best .
119
Item 35 .
Use zero - width assertions to match positions in a string .
121
Item 36 .
Avoid using regular expressions for simple string operations .
125
Item 37 .
Make regular expressions readable .
129
Item 38 .
Avoid unnecessary backtracking .
132
Item 39 .
Compile regexes only once .
137
Item 40 .
Pre -compile regular expressions .
138
Item 41 .
Benchmark your regular expressions .
139
Item 42 .
Do n’t reinvent the regex .
142
Chapter 4 : Subroutines 145
Item 43 .
Understand the difference between my and local .
145
Item 44 .
Avoid using @_ directly unless you have to .
154
Item 45 .
Use wantarray to write subroutines returning lists .
157
Item 46 .
Pass references instead of copies .
160
Item 47 .
Use hashes to pass named parameters .
164
Item 48 .
Use prototypes to get special argument parsing .
168
Item 49 .
Create closures to lock in data .
171
Item 50 .
Create new subroutines with subroutines .
176
Chapter 5 : Files and Filehandles 179
Item 51 .
Do n’t ignore the file test operators .
179
Item 52 .
Always use the three - argument open .
182
Item 53 .
Consider different ways of reading from a stream .
183
Item 54 .
Open filehandles to and from strings .
186
Item 55 .
Make flexible output .
189
Item 56 .
Use File :: Spec or Path : : Class to work with paths .
192
Item 57 .
Leave most of the data on disk to save memory .
195
Chapter 6 : References 201
Item 58 .
Understand references and reference syntax .
201
Item 59 .
Compare reference types to prototypes .
209
Item 60 .
Create arrays of arrays with references .
211
Item 61 .
Do n’t confuse anonymous arrays with list literals .
214
Item 62 .
Build C- style structs with anonymous hashes .
216
Item 63 .
Be careful with circular data structures .
218
Item 64 .
Use map and grep to manipulate complex data structures .
221
Chapter 7 : CPAN 227
Item 65 .
Install CPAN modules without admin privileges .
228
Item 66 .
Carry a CPAN with you .
231
Item 67 .
Mitigate the risk of public code .
235
Item 68 .
Research modules before you install them .
239
Item 69 .
Ensure that Perl can find your modules .
242
Item 70 .
Contribute to CPAN .
246
Item 71 .
Know the commonly used modules .
250
Chapter 8 : Unicode 253
Item 72 .
Use Unicode in your source code .
254
Item 73 .
Tell Perl which encoding to use .
257
Item 74 .
Specify Unicode characters by code point or name .
258
Item 75 .
Convert octet strings to character strings .
261
Item 76 .
Match Unicode characters and properties .
265
Item 77 .
Work with graphemes instead of characters .
269
Item 78 .
Be careful with Unicode in your databases .
272
Chapter 9 : Distributions 275
Item 79 .
Use Module : : Build as your distribution builder .
275
Item 80 .
Do n’t start distributions by hand .
278
Item 81 .
Choose a good module name .
283
Item 82 .
Embed your documentation with Pod. 287
Item 83 .
Limit your distributions to the right platforms .
292
Item 84 .
Check your Pod. 295
Item 85 .
Inline code for other languages .
298
Item 86 .
Use XS for low - level interfaces and speed .
301
Chapter 10 : Testing 307
Item 87 .
Use prove for flexible test runs .
308
Item 88 .
Run tests only when they make sense .
311
Item 89 .
Use dependency injection to avoid special test logic .
314
Item 90 .
Do n’t require more than you need to use in your methods .
317
Item 91 .
Write programs as modulinos for easy testing .
320
Item 92 .
Mock objects and interfaces to focus tests .
324
Item 93 .
Use SQLite to create test databases .
330
Item 94 .
Use Test :: Class for more structured testing .
332
Item 95 .
Start testing at the beginning of your project .
335
Item 96 .
Measure your test coverage .
342
Item 97 .
Use CPAN Testers as your QA team .
346
Item 98 .
Set up a continuous build system .
348
Chapter 11 : Warnings 357
Item 99 .
Enable warnings to let Perl spot suspicious code .
358
Item 100 .
Use lexical warnings to selectively turn on or off complaints .
361
Item 101 .
Use die to generate exceptions .
364
Item 102 .
Use Carp to get stack traces .
366
Item 103 .
Handle exceptions properly .
370
Item 104 .
Track dangerous data with taint checking .
372
Item 105 .
Start with taint warnings for legacy code .
375
Chapter 12 : Databases 377
Item 106 .
Prepare your SQL statements to reuse work and save time .
377
Item 107 .
Use SQL placeholders for automatic value quoting .
382
Item 108 .
Bind return columns for faster access to data .
384
Item 109 .
Reuse database connections .
386
Chapter 13 : Miscellany 391
Item 110 .
Compile and install your own perls .
391
Item 111 .
Use Perl : : Tidy to beautify code .
394
Item 112 . Use Perl Critic .
398
Item 113 .
Use Log:: Log4 perl to record your program ’s state .
403
Item 114 .
Know when arrays are modified in a loop .
410
Item 115 .
Do n’t use regular expressions for comma-separated values .
412
Item 116 .
Use unpack to process columnar data .
414
Item 117 .
Use pack and unpack for data munging .
416
Item 118 .
Access the symbol table with typeglobs .
423
Item 119 .
Initialize with BEGIN ; finish with END .
425
Item 120 .
Use Perl one - liners to create mini programs .
428
Appendix A : Perl Resources 435
Appendix B : Map from First to Second Edition 439
Books 435
Websites 436
Blogs and Podcasts 437
Getting Help 437
Index 445
The successful development of Canada 's tar sands has triggered a rush by Shell and other oil companies to set up similar operations in Russia , Congo and even Madagascar , a new report reveals .
Soaring crude prices and an growing shortage of drilling sites have encouraged the energy industry to look at a series of " unconventional " hydrocarbon deposits threatening vulnerable environment and communities in places such as Jordan , Morocco as well as the US , Friends of the Earth says in a review called Tar sands – fuelling the energy crisis .
The revelations come just 24 hours before Shell 's annual general meeting and on the day when Ceres , a coalition of a investors and environmentalists , launches its own survey warning that Canadian tar sands extraction could pose an even bigger risk to an oil company share price than the US rig disaster which has knocked $ 30 bn ( £ 20.6 bn ) off the value of BP .
Tar sands and oil shale are considered by green groups to be much more damaging to the planet than normal oil operations because extraction is highly carbon - and water - intensive .
" Tar sands – bitumen that is extracted and upgraded to produce synthetic crude – has been heavily criticised for its poor environmental and social outcomes , locally and globally .
Canada is currently the only major centre of production but investment is expanding , including by European oil companies such as BP , Shell , Total and ENI , " the Friends of the Earth report says .
The group wants the European Union to use its fuel quality directive to take into account the different carbon footprints of oil - based fuels entering the EU by assigning them a value to represent the strength of their greenhouse gas effect .
Otherwise " it will encourage the global expansion of tar sands putting vulnerable communities at risk , and will slow progress towards the EU 's wider climate and energy goals " .
BP is developing tar sands in Alberta and also in Venezuela , the world 's second largest reserves after Canada , where it is active on the Petromonagas block and is also considering the Ayacucho 2 block .
Shell , which led the charge into Alberta , has been working with Tatneft to produce tar sands crude at the Ashalchinskoye field in Tatarstan , in the Russian Federation .
ENI of Italy has signed an agreement with the energy ministry in Republic of Congo to invest in tar sands although it says it will not use the methods being employed by others in Canada .
BP and Shell contest claims by Friends of the Earth and others that tar sands are up to five times as carbon - intensive to exploit as normal crude .
Shell says it hopes to mitigate the impact by using carbon capture and storage techniques , although the technologies are unproven on a large scale .
Oil shale , a rock containing kerogen from which synthetic crude can be extracted by heating it to very high temperatures , is in abundant supply in Jordan .
Shell finalised a deal last year to operate on the AzraQ and Al Jafr blocks via its Jordan Shale Company .
A spokesman for Shell said its operations in Jordan were at an early stage and claiming that although tar sands made headlines they were a very small part of the company 's overall business .
" They make up 2.5 % of our overall production and even after planned expansion in Canada they will only make up 4 % , " he said .
Friends of the Earth points out that Jordan is one of the driest countries on earth and is estimated to have a water shortage of 320 m cubic metres this year .
" Oil shale production will exacerbate this trend hugely , as one barrel of shale requires as much as 3.2 barrels of water to upgrade , " the report notes .
There is also oil company interest in shale deposits at 10 locations in Morocco , two in Egypt as well as a " bitumen belt " in Nigeria which is already suffering major environmental damage from oil spills in the delta and the flaring of excess gas .
Meanwhile the Ceres report , launched by its president Mindy Lubber , highlights not only the widespread environmental and social impact of oil sands development , but also the high production costs and limited market for this fuel , for which companies have committed $ 200 billion in investments .
Shareholder resolutions requesting expanded oil sands risk disclosure have been filed this year with leading oil sands producers , including BP , Shell , ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips .
There will be a live webcast of Governor Schwarzenegger 's comments here on the new budget that his office says includes " absolutely terrible cuts " .
From the LA Times : Schwarzenegger 's revised budget plan is expected to eliminate health programs
Administration officials declined to reveal which specific programs the governor would eliminate .
But officials involved in the budget process , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak publicly , said they would probably include home healthcare for the elderly and disabled , a nearly $ 2 - billion program that serves 440,000 Californians .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will revive a plan to house 15,000 nonviolent felons in county jails instead of state prisons , a cost - cutting move that likely would result in some inmates leaving jail early .
...
His office warned earlier this week that the package will contain " absolutely terrible cuts " to shrink a nearly $ 20 billion deficit .
From the SacBee : Schwarzenegger 's prison plan would move nonviolent felons to county jails
The cutbacks and layoffs continue for many state and local governments .
Image caption Millions of jobs involved with fishing may have to be axed
The UN's top environment official has echoed warnings that commercial fishing could be destroyed within 50 years .
" It is not a science fiction scenario .
It is within the lifetime of a child born today , " said Achim Steiner , head of the UN Environment Programme ( Unep ) .
He made the remarks at a conference in New York previewing a new study on how to make the global economy more environmentally sustainable .
His colleague , Dr Pavan Sukhdev , said if current fishing practices continued , " then we are in a situation where 30 or 40 years down the line we effectively are out of fish " .
A similar warning was first aired several years ago by an international team of researchers led by the ecologist Boris Worm , of Dalhousie University in Canada .
However , in more recent studies Dr Worm has noted that efforts to rein back overfishing are having some success , so the 2050 prediction may have to be revised .
As for the UN 's figures , Dr Steiner said the report , which is due to be released formally in October , had not yet gone through the final stages of the peer - review process .
However , he said the UN felt " very confident on these elements already " .
Heavy reductions
A preview of the report says for fish stocks to be saved , up to 22 million jobs involved with fishing may have to be axed , and up to 13 million boats removed from service .
The UN calculates that 35 million people around the world are directly employed in fishing , and up to 500 million are indirectly employed through related industries .
However , the UN says its projected lay - offs are a worst - case scenario that would only be necessary if untargeted cuts were applied across the world .
Officials hope instead that western countries , whose heavily - subsidised industries are responsible for the bulk of the problem , would make the heaviest reductions .
The authors estimate that annual subsidies to the fishing industry are currently worth $ 27bn .
They suggest that much of this aid could be redirected into training and education programmes for the fishermen who would be affected by the cuts .
They also suggest billions could be poured into " sustainable " fishing initiatives , such as Marine Protected Areas , where depleted fish species could recover .
Dr Steiner said continuing to subsidise the current " dead - end strategy " would also affect western consumers .
He pointed to the case of bluefin tuna , which experts warn is being driven to the point of extinction through high demand .
Dr Steiner criticised the assumption that the free market would somehow " sort it out " .
He said : " The market rewards those who will go out and go even further and get the last fish out the sea . "
Instead , the UN hopes the new study will prompt further international regulation .
The report suggests up to $ 220 bn dollars may be needed over 40 years to address the situation .
However , it also estimates that this would help make the global fishing industry more effective and productive .
When adults talk about personal privacy on sites like Facebook , someone is bound to contend that that young people are too self - absorbed , or too naive to care about securing personal information that 's stored in various places stored online .
Well , according to a study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project , that person is likely wrong .
The Pew survey of 2,253 Americans found that people aged 18 to 29 are more likely than older adults to take steps to limit others from accessing their personal information online .
The study results , released Wednesday , noted that 44 % of younger adults try to protect their information , compared to 33 % of users between 30 and 49 , and 25 % of those between 50 and 64 .
" Search engines and social media sites now play a central role in building one 's identity online , " said Mary Madden , a senior research specialist at Pew , in a statement .
" Many users are learning and refining their approach as they go , changing privacy settings on profiles , customizing who can see certain updates and deleting unwanted information about them that appears online . "
And she added that people have a misperception about how vigilant younger users are .
" Contrary to the popular perception that younger users embrace a laissez - faire attitude about their online reputations , young adults are often more vigilant than older adults when it comes to managing their online identities , " said Madden .
The survey found that 71 % of younger users of social networks have changed the privacy settings on their profiles to limit what is shared with others , while only 55 % of social networkers between the ages of 50 and 64 have changed their default settings .
Younger users also are more likely to delete unwanted comments from their social networking pages , and to remove their names from photos that their friends have posted , the survey found .
The Pew report is based on telephone interviews conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International .
Online privacy has increasingly become a hot button issue , especially in social networking circles .
Last week , Facebook rolled out new , simpler privacy controls in an attempt to appease users of the social network who had grown angry and frustrated over their inability to limit who has access to personal information posted on the site .
The unrest among users had escalated in recent months apparently prompted many to at least consider quitting Facebook .
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld .
Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin , or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed .
Her e-mail address is sgaudin@computerworld.com .
Read more about web 2.0 and web apps in Computerworld 's Web 2.0 and Web Apps Topic Center .
This story , " Surprise ! Young Users Protect Their Privacy Online " was originally published by Computerworld .
In July , Atlanta became the latest city to ban smoking in public parks , with frightening fines — up to $ 1,000 — for offenders .
But keeping butts off green spaces came too late to help Atlanta ’s ranking as the No. 5 dirtiest city in America .
As part of the annual America ’s Favorite Cities survey , Travel +
Leisure readers ranked 35 metropolitan areas on the features most enticing to travelers , such as the vibrant culture cutting - edge dining , and great shopping — as well as how safe , and tidy , a city feels .
And Atlanta moved up a full four spots in the ranking of dirtiest cities from the previous year ’s survey .
Hopefully the smoking ban will help reverse the trend .
The cities that scraped the bottom of the cleanliness category may show signs of grit , grime , or muck , but they all have some basic features in common : they ’re big , and most have a bustling nightlife .
Partiers tend to be on the younger side — and that may add to the disarray .
“ Studies have consistently found that youths and young adults are the most prone , or willing , to litter , ” says Steve Spacek , author of the “ American State Litter Scorecard , ” which has highlighted the less - than - pristine conditions in such top 20 cities as New Orleans , Chicago , and Las Vegas .
To be fair , though , plenty of “ dirty ” cities are working hard to mitigate the squalor .
Boston recently installed 400 solar - powered trash compactors on city sidewalks to keep cans from overflowing .
In Las Vegas , a new city ordinance decrees that those guys handing out adult “ advertisements ” on the Strip sidewalks now have to pick up dropped flyers every 15 minutes .
Plenty of people , meanwhile , are willing to accept a little dirt in exchange for a great city .
“ New Orleans is a living , breathing antique , ” says Cindy Denney , a talent manager in the Crescent City , which went from No. 1 to No. 2 this year .
“ What makes it great is also what makes it funky — old wood , mismatched bricks , and peeling paint , from daily heat and moisture .
We pay more attention to cuisine , music , and football than we do dirt . ”
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Peter Bethune , an environmental activist who boarded a Japanese whaling ship earlier this year , denied assaulting a member of the whaling crew at the start of a trial in Tokyo today but admitted to four other charges .
The 45 - year - old New Zealander pleaded guilty to trespass , forcible obstruction of business , destruction of property and illegal possession of a knife .
If found guilty Bethune , a member of the Sea Shepherd marine conservation group , could face up to 15 years in prison .
Dressed in a black suit and white shirt and flanked by security guards , Bethune told the Tokyo district court he had had " good reason " to leap aboard the Shonan Maru 2 from a jet ski in February .
He had intended to carry out a citizen 's arrest of the ship 's captain and to present him with a $ 3 m ( £ 2 m ) bill for the loss of the Ady Gil , Bethune 's high - speed powerboat , which had been ripped in half in a collision with the Shonan Maru 2 the previous month .
Bethune was detained aboard the ship and arrested on 12 March as soon as it returned to Japan .
He has been held at a Tokyo detention centre ever since .
Prosecutors claim Bethune and other Sea Shepherd activists had hurled glass bottles containing butyric acid – rancid butter – at whalers , leaving one with burns to his face .
" I admit that I boarded the Shonan Maru 2 , but I believe I had good reason to do so , " Bethune said .
" I admit that I fired the butyric acid , but there were additional circumstances that we will discuss in court . "
Sea Shepherd claims the whaler was injured when his pepper spray blew back in his face .
Further hearings will take place tomorrow and Monday , and a verdict is expected next month .
The trial opened amid tight security inside and outside the courtroom .
About 20 ultra-nationalists called for Bethune to be found guilty and held up banners accusing the " white people " of the international anti-whaling movement of racism .
One read : " Do n't fuck with the Japanese . "
Others carried derogatory comments about Bethune .
Shuhei Nishimura , who led the protest , said Bethune deserved a custodial sentence " or else he will act like a wild wolf in the fields and plot another terrorist attack against Japan .
To avoid this , we must punish him severely . "
Bethune was led into court in handcuffs and with a rope tied around his waist , although both were removed when he took his seat .
He smiled when prosecutors showed a photograph of him on a protest boat and described him as a " trademark skinhead " .
Japanese whaling officials routinely refer to Sea Shepherd members as " terrorists " and said harassment by the group had forced the fleet to return to port last month with only half its intended catch of 935 whales .
Although the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) banned commercial whaling in 1986 , Japan is permitted to slaughter whales in the name of " research " .
Japan 's aggressive pursuit of anti-whaling activists comes amid mounting condemnation of its annual culls in the Antarctic , particularly from Australia and New Zealand .
Two Greenpeace members are also standing trial on theft charges after intercepting a package of whale meat to prove allegations of embezzlement by Japanese whalers .
Toru Suzuki and Junichi Sato face up to 10 years in prison if found guilty .
A verdict is expected later this year .
Bethune 's trial opened as the IWC prepared to meet in Morocco to discuss a controversial proposal that would allow Japan , Iceland and Norway to resume commercial whaling in return for reducing their catch over the next decade .
The trial continues .
So as I sit waiting for one of my favorite childhood franchises to download , Starcraft 2 Beta , I tried to think of what obscure game I could talk about .
Great titles went through my head ; Faxandu , Super FX Racing , Milo ’s Astro Lanes , Panzer Dragoon , Bug , Firepower 2000 , even Link 2 .
But then it hit me , like the 100 % install bar for SC 2 , U.N. Squadron !
U.N. Squadron : Developed by another favorite childhood franchise , Capcom .
U.N. Squadron is a side scrolling shooter for the Super Nintendo which offered something unheard of in this genre .
A trait shared by most scrolling shooters is that when the player is hit , or hits an object , they die .
However U.N. Squadron had a health bar system .
When you were hit , you ’d go into a “ danger ” state for several seconds .
If you were hit in this state you died .
However if you were n’t hit you would go back to the health bar with part of it missing .
You were allowed to get hit about 5 or 6 times before you entered an endless “ danger ” state .
Get hit again and you ’d lose a mans .
Before I continue I feel I must explain what a “ mans ” is , for it will be the way I refer to them in all games .
Basically , it ’s the equivalent of a “ life ” in a game .
I take the reference from homestarrunner.com featured in the Trogdor game .
You played as the burninator himself crushing peasants and you had “ mans ” instead of lives .
But I digress .
Another interesting part to the game was the inventory system .
Yes you ’d still pick up items mid-level , however there ’s more to it .
After you choose what level to play , you would find yourself at a shop with all sorts of interesting weapons .
I never really used too many items ( but have experimented with ) because I felt the only one worth getting was called the Mega Crush .
This was the “ Oh shit ! ” button of this game .
It would shoot something into the air which would rain down lasers on everything .
Basically anything on the screen was destroyed , and if you were fighting a boss it would deal constant damage for the duration of the lasers .
But could you only buy one item per level ?
Good question !
No !
Any items that were purchased and never used are stored permanently in your inventory and are available in the following levels .
As for gameplay , this was the first side scrolling shooting that Capcom made , al la 1942 and 1943 .
There were many mid-level items to be obtained , both hidden and obvious .
Throughout the level you ’ll notice that some of the enemies have a red tint to them .
When destroyed , they dropped what was called a POW .
A POW came in different colors : green , blue , or yellow .
These had values , and counted as “ experience ” .
After you collected X amount of POW , it would upgrade your ship ’s ammo .
The higher level your ammo , the bigger your gun bursts were .
I believe you could upgrade your ammo 3 or 4 times before you reached max level .
You retained the level of your ammo until you died .
You were given unlimited ammo and rapid fire for every ship .
I do n’t know if it was part of the SNES version or not , but your rapid fire would stop after several seconds .
If you truly wanted rapid fire you ’d have to find a rhythm to holding and releasing the fire button , something I learned with the countless hours I spent playing this game .
In order to obtain hidden items , you ’d have to be shooting the area the item is .
If you shot it , it became visible .
Hidden items ranged from POW to point boosters ( items that just gave you a decent amount of points towards your score ) .
Score was important , like in all shooters , because after you reached a certain score you were awarded extra mans .
There were three different pilots that you could choose from : Shin Kazama who leveled up faster , Mickey Simon who could shoot two inventory weapons at the same time , and Greg Gates who recovered from the damage state quicker .
The only pilot I played as was Shin .
I would try the others , but they just would n’t fit my play style .
I think my problem was at the time of playing it , I always used Shin and then tailored my gameplay around him .
So when I actually tried to use different pilots , they just would n’t cut it .
To this day , I have yet to beat that game .
I chalk it up to the game getting lost in translation .
I had it as a kid growing up but after having gone to college and moving out , my parents did n’t retain it well .
I ’ve found it on a ROM , but it ’s just not the same on a keyboard .
The game itself is also very difficult .
You had 3 continues with 3 mans per continue to traverse through 10 levels , with a few bonus levels here and there .
When I got my hands on it years down the road , it was funny to see how I stuck to the same strategy I had when I was younger .
Save up money until you could afford the A - 10 Thunderbolt II .
This was so important because on the 5th level enemies would swing in from underneath you to kill you .
The A - 10 fired two bursts for every gun burst .
One was straight ahead and the other was at a downward 45 - degree angle .
So you could shoot the enemies that flew in underneath .
That ship lasted me long enough so that I could save up for the best aircraft in the game , the F - 200 who ’s gun burst took up half the screen at max level .
The awesomeness of that ship would only last till about the 8th level where all hell breaks loose .
I ’m sure I ’d be able to beat the game if I actually tried , but I ’m busy playing other games ATM .
From getting my ass beat in Starcraft 2 , to avoiding drowning in Left 4 Dead with Good Job ! , or even playing the easily accessible awesomeness that is Ikaruga .
One day , just maybe , I shall take down the beast that is U.N. Squadron .
- Tony T .
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Capcom has revealed its upcoming line - up of games , and while we already knew about some of the releases , there are more than a few pleasant surprises .
Leading the way is Marvel vs Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds .
No real details were revealed about the game , though you can get an early glimpse of it in the teaser trailer below .
It will be coming to both the PS3 and 360 in spring of 2011 .
Also announced was Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 , the sequel to 2008 's retro remake .
Again , few details were revealed , but the game will introduce a jump button to the series for the first time .
No word if development will be handled by the newly formed Might & Delight .
It 's expected to be released in the first quarter of 2011 .
Capcom also revealed North American releases for a pair of anticipated Nintendo DS games .
Ōkamiden , the sequel to the classic PS2 game , is confirmed for a release at some point next year .
Meanwhile , Ghost Trick Phantom Detective , a new game from the creator of the Ace Attorney series , is scheduled to hit store shelves next winter .
There 's also some new details on the upcoming Dead Rising 2 .
The game will include co-op play , and a downloadable prologue dubbed Dead Rising 2 : Case Zero will be released exclusively on Xbox Live before the full game 's August release .
The game is set three years prior to the retail release and will introduce players to new protagonist Chuck Greene .
It was also announced that both Lost Planet 2 and Super Street Fighter IV will be getting launch day downloadable content .
For SSF4 , this will take the form of new costume packs , while a free Tournament Mode will also be available as a free download on June 15 .
Lost Planet 2 , meanwhile , will be getting a new map pack .
KDE and FSFE drew in the crowds KDE and FSFE drew in the crowds
KDE was recently at the second Ökumenischer Kirchentag ( Ecumenical Church Day ) from May 12 - 16 in Munich , Germany .
Representing KDE were Frederik Gladhorn , Daniel Laidig , Eckhart Wörner and Irina Rempt .
They ( wo ) manned a booth among hundreds of other projects presenting aspects of life , the universe and everything , mostly from various Christian perspectives .
The KDE community in general is of course secular ( and should be ) , but our philosophy that software is primarily for people and should be freely shared fits admirably well with such an event .
Thomas Jensch and ( for one day ) Daniel W of FSFE made it a successful joint enterprise .
The booth was rarely empty : all kinds of people , from small children ( fascinated by Big Buck Bunny looping in a window ) to seasoned Linux users ( at least one of whom we could help by showing her how to make KMail behave ) came by and stayed for a while to watch and talk .
The team explained how the free - as - in - freedom aspect could help build a more just and equal world and how the free - as - in - beer aspect was useful for a tight church budget .
In fact , the monetary question often did n't even come up as the social question was already reason enough for most people to be interested .
KDE : current and future generations KDE : current and future generations
Thomas managed to get in touch with several high - up church officials , while the KDE team concentrated on the individual people and their needs and interests .
All in all , it was a good thing to see that the free software world has become interesting enough for random people visiting a non-technical event .
In some ways , going to this event may have had more impact , relatively speaking , than to the usual tech events : we could reach a new audience of people who had been completely ignorant of free software , Linux or KDE before .
Most memorable experience : the woman who wanted KDE software because if she had Palapeli , her husband would never have to complain about jigsaw puzzles on the dining table again .
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
The erectile dysfunction drug Viagra , and possibly other similar medications , may prompt long - term hearing loss among users , a new study suggests .
In the May 18 issue of the Archives of Otolaryngology — Head and Neck Surgery , researchers from the University of Alabama at Birmingham discuss evidence supporting an association between the onset of hearing problems and Viagra .
The medication is one of the so - called class of phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors ( PDE - 5i ) , which also includes Cialis and Levitra .
The finding follows the 2007 decision by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to adjust labeling for such medications to more prominently display warnings about hearing loss risks .
The move stemmed from reports that year regarding sudden hearing loss among users of these drugs .
" It appears from these findings that the current government warning regarding hearing loss and the use of PDE - 5i medications is warranted , " study author Gerald McGwin , a professor of epidemiology in the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Public Health , said in a news release .
" Though there are limitations to this study , it is prudent that patients using these medications be warned about the signs and symptoms of hearing impairment and be encouraged to seek immediate medical attention to potentially forestall permanent damage . "
The finding stems from an analysis of survey data concerning more than 11,500 men over the age of 40 that had been collected by the federal Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality between 2003 and 2006 .
McGwin and his team found that men who said they used PDE - 5i drugs had twice the risk for developing hearing loss as those who did not .
The authors stressed that more research is needed , while suggesting that one possible explanation could lie in the original purpose of these medications .
They note that although now used mainly for erectile dysfunction , this class of drugs was initially prescribed for the treatment of pulmonary high blood pressure .
" PDE - 5i medications work in erectile dysfunction patients by their ability to increase blood flow to certain tissues in the body , " said McGwin .
" It has been hypothesized that they may have a similar effect on similar tissues in the ear , where an increase of blood flow could potentially cause damage leading to hearing loss . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It was such a good line that the politicians kept on repeating it throughout Thursday night as though they had just made it up , although Bill Clinton is widely reckoned to have coined it first in the chaotic aftermath of the 2000 US presidential election .
" The people have spoken : we 're just not sure what they 've said . "
They would have had no such trouble in the great cradle of democracy , ancient Greece , where , nearly 2,500 years ago , the great Athenian general Pericles coined the phrase about the government of the nation being " in the hands of the many and not the few " .
After five days of a handful of Liberal Democrat , Conservative and Labour politicians sequestering themselves behind closed doors , attempting to stitch up private deals over the future of the nation , you could be forgiven for wondering whether what we have can be called a democracy at all .
They did things differently in Athens two millennia ago .
England may be referred to as the " mother of parliaments " in the words of another great phrasemaker , John Bright , in 1865 .
But it was Greece where the concept of " government by the people " was born , nurtured and brought to its greatest blossoming .
Indeed in the 5th century BC there was not one democracy but hundreds among the city - states which were scattered round the Mediterranean and Black Sea shores – " like frogs around a pond " , as Plato once engagingly put it .
But of these the oldest , the most stable , the most long - lived , the most well - documented but also the most radical , was Athens .
But before recommending that our politicians go rushing off for Attic refreshment of 21st century British polity , it is worth comparing the circumstances of ancient Athens with our own .
For , as Aristotle concluded 100 years into the Athenian democracy experiment , if you compare monarchy , aristocracy and democracy what you find is that all three can work badly or well .
It is the size , economy and physical character of a state which determines what will be its best constitution .
What allowed democracy to flourish in Athens was the state of its economy .
In the 5th century BC the trade in wine and olives allowed the Greeks to rise above self - sufficiency .
But external conflicts abounded ;
Athens was at war , on average , for three years out of every four over almost two centuries .
More than that , the latest military technology was the trireme , the fast warship of the time , whose three banks of oars needed lots of men to row them .
Suddenly the ordinary citizens who made up the crews of a fleet of warships found political strength .
In the years around 450 BC the populist Athenian general Pericles presided over a radicalisation of power that shifted the balance decisively to the poorest sections of society .
This was the heart of the classical Greece which built the Parthenon , staged Aeschylus , Sophocles , Euripides and Aristophanes , and laid the foundations of Western philosophical and critical thought .
It was also the place which developed effective political rhetoric to a fine art , as Gordon Brown reminded us in the barnstorming speech in which he rediscovered his political identity , too late , a couple of days before the election .
The soon - to - be outgoing Prime Minister compared the Roman orator Cicero with his Greek predecessor Demosthenes , whom another Roman called the lex orandi .
Mr Brown – borrowing from Adlai Stevenson 's introduction of John F Kennedy in 1960 – said that when Cicero had finished speaking , the people said , " Great speech " , but when Demosthenes had finished speaking , they said , " Let 's march " .
( Revealingly there is another version of the quote in David Ogilvy 's Confessions of an Advertising Man . )
But then all Athens was set up for marching – from the Pnyx , the flat - topped hill where the assembly of all the citizens , the ekklesia , met four times a month .
In those days some 300,000 people lived in Athens .
But if you stripped out the women , children , foreigners , debtors , freed slaves and slaves that left just 20 per cent of the population who were deemed citizens .
In this most direct form of democracy every man could not just vote , all had equal power .
On major occasions –like declaring war , granting citizenship , making an important law or trying political crimes – as many as 6,000 citizens attended .
But they went further .
The agenda of the ekklesia , and part of the implementation of its decisions , was in the hands of a council called the boule , a body of 500 men who were chosen – by lot – from the ekklesia .
They served for just one year .
Magistrates , inspectors of weights and measures , and others , were also chosen by lot .
Only jobs requiring special skills , like being a general or a treasurer , were elected .
This was true democracy , in which it was reckoned that anyone ought to be able to do almost any job .
The boule was chaired by a different person each day – again chosen by lot .
It has been estimated that the role of epitaste – who chaired the council , held the keys to the treasury and the seal to the city , and welcomed foreign ambassadors – must have been held by around a quarter of all citizens in their lifetime .
The preference for allotment over election was based on the assumption that the ordinary man would be more representative of the opinions and interests of the general population than some career politician .
British politics long ago abandoned that concept .
Politicians like Brown , Cameron and Clegg have all done very little with their careers apart from party politics .
Selection by lottery also guarded against corruption and election campaigning which favours the rich and powerful over the ordinary citizen .
There were , of course , factors peculiar to Athens which allowed the development of such direct democracy .
The economy was strong .
Constant war produced a ready supply of slaves to do most of the work which gave citizens the leisure to participate in government .
The population was so small that politics could be a face - to - face business in which everyone was involved .
Even so it was big enough for there to be class conflict between well - off landowners and poorer craftsman , sailors and small traders – which is why the ancient philosophers gave so much thought as to the ideal form of government .
The choice was seen to be between three basic options .
The first was rule by one man ( monarchy when he was good , tyranny when he was bad ) .
The second was rule by the few ( aristocracy , which means rule by the best , or oligarchy , rule by the few , if you did n't like the way they were doing it ) .
And the third was rule by the many ( democracy , from demos , meaning people , and kratia , after Kratos , the mythic personification of strength and power ) .
Democracy was an ambiguous term .
Some classical thinkers used it approvingly , contrasting it with ochlocracy which meant the rule of the mob .
Others , like Aristotle , used democracy pejoratively , preferring the word " polity " for the rule of the people where it was governed by a sense of the common good rather than narrow self - interest or the passion of the mob – an English term derived from the phrase " mobile vulgus " meaning " the fickle crowd " .
Even in its purest form Athenian democracy was something of a hybrid .
By electing its generals and treasurers it valued the special skills of the few as well as the participation of the many .
Some modern thinkers go further .
They have argued that democracy is illusory , and serves only to mask the reality of elite rule .
Oligarchy , they say , is the basic law of human nature – because the masses are both apathetic and unable to delay their gratification .
By contrast , the educated elite were seen as having drive , initiative and – whatever their political opinions – many shared assumptions and interests .
Indeed it could be argued that election is , by definition , an oligarchical practice , whereas lottery assumes that all citizens are competent enough to rule .
Modern representative democracies , like Britain's , are as much about oligarchy as people power .
" Whoever you vote for , it 's the politicians who get in , " as the demotic quip has it .
But then democracy was something of a dirty word even in among the ancient Greeks .
Their key thinkers were , to say the least , ambivalent about the system .
Aristotle who , in the fourth century BC , pronounced that " man is by nature a political animal " , saw the flaws .
He followed his predecessor Plato in criticising democracy as a poor form of government .
Plato had a personal axe to grind .
He was a disciple of the first great Greek philosopher Socrates who was executed by a democracy .
In those days teachers of rhetoric saw their job as developing the oratorical and argumentative skills needed for participation in democratic politics .
Socrates disagreed .
He opposed their emphasis on technical skills and argumentative success ; he saw thinking as being about the discovery of the truth .
Though he was not antipathetic to democracy his followers included Critias , one of the most violent of the Thirty Tyrants whose regime preceded the restoration of democracy , an association which did not endear Socrates to the Athenian public .
In 399BC he was put on trial – a process which he compared to a doctor being prosecuted by a pastry chef before a jury of children – and sentenced to drink hemlock for " corrupting the young and believing in strange gods " .
Perhaps understandably Plato concluded that the ideal state was an intellectual aristocracy presided over by philosophers .
Democracy , by considering the ignorant to be as important as the well - informed , does not guarantee sensible decisions .
Instead the public exaggerate their praise for what they think is good and their condemnation of what they see as bad .
Democracy thus corrupts ordinary people and creates rulers who see their most important skill as knowing how to influence the " beast " which is demos , the public .
And he had never met Peter Mandelson or Andy Coulson .
Aristotle also concluded that rulers should be propertied and leisured so , without other worries , they could invest their time in producing virtue .
Labourers were too busy for that king of thing .
Until recently British politicians felt happy to voice much the same attitude .
The Duke of Wellington said sourly , on viewing the assembled MPs at the first parliament after the 1832 Reform Act , that he had never seen " so many shocking bad hats " .
And the Whig historian Lord Macaulay , who was first elected in that parliament , foresaw that fully universal suffrage would bring a collapse of civilised values .
Democracy cannot work without freedom of political expression , freedom of speech and freedom of the press , so that citizens are informed in their voting .
But anyone who read The Sun during the election campaign might wonder whether Macauley may have been right .
" You taught me language ; and my profit on it is I know how to curse , " as Caliban famously said .
Certainly what is clear in Britain this week is that voters ' choices about what is right for them as individuals do not necessarily aggregate to what is best for the community .
Self - interest can indeed head to public myopia or ignorance .
Democracy , as Aristotle opined , can be a form of tyranny ( though the phrase " tyranny of the majority " does not arise until the post - revolutionary French thinker Alexis de Tocqueville in his Democracy in America ) .
At its best , Plato said , democracy is too weak to do much good and at its worst too weak to do much harm – and he knew nothing of the paralysis of a hung parliament .
Later Western conceptions of democracy have , of course , shifted significantly in more recent centuries .
Earlier in the Christian era the dominant political paradigm was kingship , much as God as King of Kings was the dominant theological framework .
But with the interaction between the classical and Christian philosophical mindsets , which occurred with the Renaissance , a synthesis occurred .
The theological notion of every individual being made in the image of God , and the philosophical insights about reason , freedom and tolerance , strengthened the impetus to democracy .
But they also corrected some of democracy 's deficiencies with the notion of human rights setting boundaries on the ability of the majority to tyrannise minorities .
Just because everyone was in favour of something did n't make it right , a tendency which Pope John Paul II condemned as " majoritarianism " .
The world 's first anarchist , Proudhon , argued that majority decisions must not be binding on the minority in an acceptable direct democracy .
And that the smallest minority on earth is the individual , as the libertarian right - winger Ayn Rand pointed out .
Such an odd coalition of political thinkers throws up another interesting question .
To what extent do moral assumptions underlie political systems ?
Power and morality are generally distinct and separate classes of thinking .
Power seems to imply virtue , as Aristotle noted , but such an inference is false , he adds ; superior power does not mean moral superiority .
Might is not always right , even if modern mantras like " We the People " are in effect a claim of morality and an assertion of right .
Yet that does not answer the more technical question which Britain is facing this week which is : how do you best articulate the voice of the people ?
In Britain we have long been wedded to the concept of political parties , groupings of strategic alliances from which dissent is not normative .
One of the things that this election has thrown up is the artificial and arbitrary nature of the package deals of policies each party has on offer .
Leaders acknowledge that when they offer concessions while negotiating a coalition .
In part this election has been about personality as much as policy .
The ground for debate has been questions of trust and competence in many areas – like health and education – with ideological difference only on issues like immigration and nuclear weapons .
And on Trident , as with the economy , the issue is as more about pace and timing than radical differences of direction .
Parties have been a necessary or convenient evil ; the politics of coalition calls that rigidity into question somewhat .
Winston Churchill 's grudging defence of democracy was that it was the worst form of government apart from all the others .
It may be that democracy is more valuable for what it prevents than what it creates .
Whether Athens offers us much by way of help is a moot point .
Many Athenians who had the right to rule chose not to for practical reasons , as well as those of temperament or disposition .
It would have taken farmers in the country a whole day to walk to Athens , attend the ekklesia and walk back .
Even a man with plenty of slaves ( and one in three residents of the city - state were slaves at one point ) this would be to lose too much valuable working time .
There are more ways of disenfranchising people than slamming the polling station doors shut in their face at 10 pm .
It is intriguing , for example , that there have been no women present at any of the Liberal Democrat , Conservative or Labour power - broking negotiating teams .
But there are other factors .
Athens had the culture of the active citizen .
In Britain , despite David Cameron 's talk of the big society , we have sleepwalked into the culture of the passive consumer .
Our voting system means that many seats are so safe that the votes of most electors can never determine the outcome of who governs Britain .
Change is made by a few score thousand voters in a handful of marginal seats .
The prospect of the internet and interactive television bringing us an e-democracy with more direct components is hardly inspiring in our shallow media - manipulated sensationalist times .
There is perhaps one thing that we might still learn from ancient Athens .
The most dramatic example of 5th - century direct democracy is the system known as ostracism .
Under it each citizen writes one name on a broken shard of pottery ( an ostrakon ) .
If a massive number write the same name the ostracised individual had to go into exile for 10 years .
All three defendants deny manslaughter A gay man was subjected to homophobic taunts before being punched and stamped to death in London 's Trafalgar Square .
Ian Baynham , 62 , of Beckenham , Kent , was with a friend when three teenagers attacked him outside South Africa House in September , the Old Bailey heard .
One witness said the attack , in which he was punched and stamped , was like a " scene from the film Clockwork Orange " .
Joel Alexander , 19 , Rachel Burke and Ruby Thomas , both 18 , have all pleaded not guilty to manslaughter .
Mr Alexander , of Thornton Heath , south London , Miss Burke , of Three Oaks , East Sussex , and Miss Thomas , of Lichfield , Staffordshire , also deny violent disorder .
' Shocked onlookers ' Brian Altman , prosecuting , said the girls , then 17 , had been drinking when they confronted Mr Baynham and his friend Philip Brown and shouted abuse at them .
It was Mr Alexander , then 18 , who punched the victim to the ground .
Mr Baynham died 18 days after the attack from a brain injury .
Mr Altman said the " brutal attack " was " fuelled by copious amounts of alcohol " .
Mr Baynham was punched to the ground and stamped on " One onlooker likened the scene of violence to the film A Clockwork Orange .
" Ian Baynham was openly homosexual .
What led to his death began when Ruby Thomas hurled homophobic abuse at him and his friend Philip Brown . "
The row escalated when Mr Baynham slapped Miss Burke , which led to Mr Alexander punching the victim with such force that he hit the back of his head on the pavement and became unconscious , Mr Altman said .
He added : " That did not suffice .
There is evidence that the female defendants then began putting the boot into Mr Baynham , who was still prone on his back , clearly unconscious and in distress .
" Shocked onlookers saw repeated stamping to his chest and forceful kicks to his head . "
Miss Burke also repeatedly punched Mr Brown in the face when he tried to stop her from fleeing , the jury heard .
She also denies assaulting Mr Brown .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I am an eastern European .
Words fail me .
Yesterday I stared alternately at my screen and keyboard in complete and utter paralysis , while inside I was raging .
At one point I actually genuinely broke down in tears and great heaving sobs .
I had been watching " bigotgate " unfold – mostly on Twitter , a bit on LiveJournal , a bit in mainstream media – since around lunchtime .
Oh , I thought initially , finally someone 's made a gaffe in this election campaign – just what the media have been wanting .
Then I actually went and watched the clip – first the short version on the Channel 4 News website which only has the last 30 seconds of the PM 's conversation with Gillian Duffy and his comments in the car ; then I watched the full thing , which included Duffy 's comments on the " flocking eastern Europeans " .
Then I watched the comments on Twitter .
Some were mocking Gordon Brown for the slip - up .
Another friend said " I do n't believe what Gordon Brown says either .
I am therefore also a # bigotedwoman by his standards .
Good! # election2010 " .
I started feeling ever so slightly nauseous .
A part of me knew from the start that what Duffy had said was unacceptable , it was directed against me and people like me , and it just was n't right .
But reading my Twitter feed I thought , surely if it was that bad someone there would pick up on her actual comments , and not just go for Brown .
Maybe I was being oversensitive .
I did eventually pluck up the courage to tweet a shy , self - deprecating " Flocking eastern European here .
Just sayin ' . "
No reaction .
Sod it , I thought , maybe I am just overreacting .
Comments about immigration are inevitable , especially in an election campaign , someone will always make them .
Just grow a thicker skin , Mili .
I follow about 90 mostly leftwing fluffy liberal people on Twitter and have another 60 - odd LiveJournal friends .
Given overlaps , people I do n't know terribly well , inactive accounts , minor celebrities , and people in foreign lands , there are maybe 50 people there whom I could legitimately expect to say something in defence of us flocking eastern Europeans .
It took six hours for one person – science fiction author Charlie Stross – to step forward and say that yes , Duffy was a bigoted woman and Brown had been right to call her that .
One person .
Out of 50 .
In six hours .
Charlie has my heartfelt gratitude .
At that point I completely lost it .
I 'm not sure I can explain how this whole sordid affair makes me feel , but let me try .
Anger .
Anger at Gillian Duffy , anger at all the people who were n't willing to stand up to her .
Shame .
Shame at the realisation that I had only allowed myself to feel this anger after I had been " given permission " by the comment from the native British person who stood up for me .
Blaming myself for not standing up for myself earlier , more forcefully .
A desperate need to justify myself .
I pay higher - rate income tax .
I contribute to the UK economy , I contribute to UK society .
I probably pay into the tax system more than I get back out of it .
Extending that justification to other immigrants – parts of the UK economy probably would collapse without immigrant labour ; I wonder how much immigrants contribute in total to the economy ; we all come here to work , and we work very hard .
A range of other economic arguments , all around contribution , all around this incredibly Tory notion of my money being the only thing that entitles me to anything like decent treatment from this society .
More anger .
This time at being disempowered and disenfranchised ; at being a cheap target for political point scoring because Duffy and the 60 million people like her have a vote , and I and the couple of hundred thousand people like me do n't , and therefore she will always get a grovelling apology from the prime minister , and we wo n't .
A desperate attempt to reclaim power , to find some leverage : I wonder if I can stop paying taxes , if I can get some sort of campaign going for all immigrants to stop paying taxes – I bet they 'd notice us then .
Oh , I wonder if I can challenge Duffy to take the citizenship test .
The slow , sad realisation that the political culture in the UK is such that no politician has any choice but to grovel to the bigots .
Because standing up and explaining to them instead that immigrants make a massive contribution to the economy , let alone that all people deserve to be treated with dignity and respect regardless of nationality , citizenship or contribution , would be political suicide .
And finally a profound sense of isolation , hurt , and being alone .
Tears and huge heaving sobs .
I 've not cried like that in about five years .
That 's how Gillian Duffy made me feel .
What did I ever do to her ?
I am writing this because realistically it 's the only way that I can get any leverage on the situation without landing myself in jail .
I 'm also writing this because you need to know .
Yes , you .
All of you with the British passports and the huge sense of entitlement .
Regardless of whether you support the Tories or Lib Dems or Labour or any of the other parties .
And maybe making a personal connection with an immigrant , understanding how they feel , and how they see the world will help you stand up and act like a decent human being next time this happens .
So here 's what I want you to do .
The vast majority of you will know an immigrant : they might be a close friend , they might be the girl who makes your decaf skinny latte in the coffee shop , they might be a colleague .
I want you to go up to that person and ask them what it 's like being an immigrant in the UK .
Even if you think you know them really well already , you probably have never thought or talked to them about these things .
How does it feel to be so far away from home ?
To leave your life behind and start again from scratch ?
To be in the middle of a general election where you have no voice ?
Why did they come here ?
What do and do n't they like about Britain ?
What 's it like where they come from ?
Be nice and polite , approach them carefully , explain that you are trying to educate yourself , to understand and to become a better person .
Listen .
Do n't judge .
Maybe you 'll learn something .
• More election comment from Cif at the polls
Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmad Abu Al - Gheit called Israel the " enemy " on Saturday during a press conference in Beirut , and claimed that the reports of Scud missiles being transferred from Syria to Lebanon were not true .
When asked if he had come to pass on warnings from Israel to Lebanon , he said he would n't come to a sister Arab state to give messages from the enemy .
A source in Jerusalem said Israel sees the foreign minister 's words in a very grave light .
( Roee Nahmias )
WASHINGTON —
In a broad endorsement of federal power , the Supreme Court on Monday ruled that Congress has the authority under the Constitution to allow the continued civil commitment of sex offenders after they have completed their criminal sentences .
The 7 - to - 2 decision touched off a heated debate among the justices on a question that has lately engaged the Tea Party movement and opponents of the new health care law :
What limits does the Constitution impose on Congress ’s power to legislate on matters not specifically delegated to it in Article I ?
The federal law at issue in the case allows the government to continue to detain prisoners who had engaged in sexually violent conduct , suffered from mental illness and would have difficulty controlling themselves .
If the government is able to prove all of this to a judge by “ clear and convincing ” evidence — a heightened standard , but short of “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” — it may hold such prisoners until they are no longer dangerous or a state assumes responsibility for them .
The challenge to the civil commitment law was brought by five prisoners .
The case of Graydon Comstock was typical .
In November 2006 , six days before Mr. Comstock was to have completed a 37 - month sentence for receiving child pornography , Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales certified that Mr. Comstock was a sexually dangerous person .
After nearly a month of protests by Thailand 's Red Shirt anti-government movement , the situation in Bangkok has escalated in the last week .
Though most of the past month 's protests have been peaceful , earlier this week , Red Shirt protesters briefly stormed and held the parliament building .
In response , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva declared a state of emergency on Wednesday , giving broader powers to security forces to quell the protests .
When the government shut down an opposition TV channel , protesters today seized control of a transmission station in the first violent clash of the recent conflict .
The Red Shirts are calling for new elections , and are largely supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a military coup in September 2006 .
( 34 photos total
I was redecorating a holiday home for someone at the weekend - this place had been rented out to various tenants over the years and was in need of an overhaul .
There was a small , loose floorboard in one of the rooms ; when I removed it , I found the note above , under a layer of dust and splinters .
I took that picture of it , then put it back and replaced the floorboard .
( After digging a bit deeper , I ’d found the present - five Milk Tray chocolates in a box .
I did n’t risk it . )
Image caption Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza had enlisted Mr Erlinder 's help
A US lawyer has been arrested on allegations of genocide denial , days after arriving in Rwanda , the nation 's police force has said .
Peter Erlinder had arrived to help defend opposition leader Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza , who was charged with promoting genocide ideology last month .
Police spokesman Eric Kayiranga said Mr Erlinder was arrested on Friday morning and would face charges in court .
Rwanda 's 1994 genocide claimed the lives of 800,000 people , mostly Tutsis .
Ms Ingabire , an ethnic Hutu , was arrested for allegedly propagating genocide ideology after she called for action to be taken against those responsible for killing Hutus during the 1994 conflict .
She was freed on bail but her passport was seized and she was banned from leaving the capital , Kigali .
She could be sentenced to more than two decades in prison if convicted .
Freedom ' restricted '
Mr Erlinder is the lead defence counsel for top genocide suspects at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda in Arusha , Tanzania .
He had been planning to help Ms Ingabire 's defence team but chief prosecutor Martin Ngoga said he had been arrested for remarks made in publications and statements .
US Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson has accused the Kigali government of restricting freedom ahead of the 9 August presidential election , in which Ms Ingabire was a challenger .
President Paul Kagame is a Tutsi former rebel leader who came to power to end the killings .
His forces have been accused of massacring Hutus after the genocide ended .
Ms Ingabire , who leads the Unified Democratic Forces party , has previously said she had been harassed since returning from exile in January .
Beekeeping clubs around the country have reported massive rises in membership of up to 50 per cent in the last year thanks to thousands of budding apiarists .
Hero students leap into river to save drowning woman ... as police officers REFUSE to help
Three students were hailed as heroes last night after rescuing a drowning woman - as police stood by and watched .
Graham McGrath , Rosie Lucey and Rhys Black were walking beside the Albert Bridge in Glasgow when they saw the 37 - year - old in the River Clyde , shouting for help .
Mr McGrath and Miss Lucey jumped in and pulled her to the bank .
Mr Black then waded in and dragged all three ashore .
Brave and fast - acting : Graham McGrath , Rosie Lucey and Rhys Black ( not pictured ) helped save the life of a woman drowning in the River Clyde
But as the courageous trio performed the dramatic rescue , Strathclyde Police officers held back worried onlookers on Glasgow 's Albert bridge .
A Strathclyde Police spokesman said : ' It is not the responsibility of the police to go into the water - it 's the fire and rescue service . '
The trio , who are all 18 - year - old first - year students at Glasgow University , yesterday recalled the rescue , which happened at around 1.30 pm on Saturday .
Mr McGrath said : ' There was a woman in the water shouting for help .
There was somebody throwing lifebelts to her , but she could n't get to them .
' It became apparent nobody was doing anything else .
She was getting lower and lower in the water . '
Miss Lucey said : ' We realised we were watching someone drown . '
After dragging the woman to the bank , the three teenagers carried out CPR to revive her .
Earth sciences student Mr Black said : ' She 'd been under the water for two minutes .
Her lips were blue and her tongue was white .
' We could n't find a pulse anywhere but we kept on going .
She eventually gurgled and a lot of water came out of her mouth . '
Moments later , the emergency services arrived and the woman was taken to hospital .
It is understood she is recovering .
Police Superintendent Fiona McPherson said : ' We congratulate the actions of these very brave individuals .
They managed to get to her moments before the emergency services arrived . '
George Parsonage of the Glasgow Humane Society , who has rescued 1,500 people from the river , said the students ' actions had been ' heroic ' .
The Travesty of Dinner at the Space Needle Do You Want More of What They 're Serving at SkyCity ?
A photo from back in the day .
courtesy of www.vintageSeattle.org
SkyCity at the Space Needle is one of the most expensive restaurants in Seattle .
The average entrée price is $ 44.93 — to spend this much on the ground , you 'll have to get a menu degustation at Rover 's or put on a tie and go to Canlis .
The $ 17 fee to go to the top of the Space Needle is waived for SkyCity diners , but if you think you can have a drink and an appetizer and rotate around enjoying the view , you 're wrong :
There 's a minimum food and beverage charge of $ 35 per guest .
The first bite of crab cake has a piece of shell in it .
This piece of shell will prove to be the strongest connection to the sea the crab cake can muster .
The crab in the crab cake is in threads ; no semblance of lump meat has made it into the cake , only shreds .
It has a mushy texture .
It looks like canned cat food , if Fancy Feast had a flavor with flecks of red bell pepper in it .
It tastes like damp bread .
The crab cakes , two small ones , are lukewarm upon arrival , while some of the accompanying Wenatchee apple slaw is crunchy , some floppy .
( The plate is hot , so the slaw under the crab cakes is inadvertently cooked .
The plates are the only things that make it to the table hot . )
Wenatchee is a place , not a kind of apple ; many of the 90 - million - plus boxes of apples produced in Washington 's Yakima Valley every year spend some time in Wenatchee .
The words " Wenatchee apple " hit a local / sustainable / organic note , while signifying very little .
The crab cakes cost $ 17 .
The Caesar salad is $ 9 ( single digit ! ) .
It is of a familiar type : wetly white with salty , creamy dressing , strewn with indifferent croutons .
Its acquaintance with lemon is distant , anchovy undetectable ; if you replaced the thin slices of too - cold Parmesan with the pre-grated food - service variety , this Caesar would be at home at the Olive Garden .
The view — it 's true — is amazing .
If you have n't been up in the Space Needle recently ( and if you live in Seattle , you have n't , because it costs $ 17 ) , you 've forgotten how our city looks in its entirety , the different - colored roofs and hidden sylvan courtyards of downtown , the neighborhoods stretching into the distance , the hills full of dollhouses , the toy ferries on the expanse of silver Sound , the mountains , the clouds .
The mountains and the clouds : so beautiful , they seem artificial .
This land is our land , and it is incredible , in the sense of difficult to completely believe .
What they do to a pork chop at SkyCity ought to be punishable by law .
They start with " kurabuta " pork , or as the rest of the world spells it , kurobuta pork , which is purportedly cider - brined ; this is difficult to detect after it 's been cooked until gray and mealy and moistureless .
If you 've ever had kurobuta pork , or even just a good chop at a diner , this pork chop will cause grieving .
It is barely warm ; it sits in an unremittingly sweet pool of bourbon - maple sauce , sided with a mound of garlic mashed potatoes .
Even the mashed potatoes are terrible — unrich , unsmooth , starch - tasting .
A kitchen that can't be bothered to put enough butter and cream into mashed potatoes and then mash them enough is not trying .
Next to them : a watery pile of string that is said to be roasted spaghetti squash .
This is $ 39 .
A trio of seafood was the least disappointing plate at SkyCity , being only two - thirds travesty .
The scallops suffered a grilling that eradicated ocean - sweetness and tenderness , while grittiness was preserved ; the wild salmon was also cooked very , very thoroughly , attaining a tinny taste .
A couple of butterflied Gulf prawns , by contrast , were saved prior to desiccation — a rare instance of the kitchen knowing when to stop ( or a random incidence ? ) .
The seafood trio's vegetables , however , included a brussels sprout so hard , a fork could only be introduced with the utmost effort :
It was half vegetable , half rock .
The two - thirds - travesty seafood trio with vegetable - rock costs $ 49 .
This sounds like hyperbole , but it 's not .
Rolling around SkyCity 's incredible view — the restaurant revolves 360 degrees every 47 minutes — while you eat a fancy dinner ought to be one of the best experiences of anyone 's life .
There are birthday parties , and children balance notes on the windowsill that circumnavigate and collect greetings ( " Dear person reading , Hello !
We are from Bellingham .
Where are you from ? " " RUSSIA . " " Victoria . " " Seattle — hi ! " ) .
The youngest , awkwardest couple ever sits gaping over a ribbon - tied gift bag and a bottle of sparkling cider in an ice bucket .
A big group comes in , women and one girl — she looks around 11 — with balloons and matching T - shirts .
The shirts say " Make - A - Wish Foundation . "
This dinner at SkyCity is the thing this girl wants to do before she dies .
She probably does n't know how miraculous this dinner could taste , how much better this night of her life could be .
She will be dazzled by the view , by the kind formality of the server , by the fog of the dry ice that pours over the table when she gets the famous Lunar Orbiter dessert , which besides the smoke and mirrors is a completely ordinary one - scoop ice cream sundae that costs $ 9.50 .
You sure as hell hope she does n't know .
The Space Needle 's restaurant has always been overpriced , and it has never been good , and everybody knows it .
Its last review , 10 years ago in the Seattle Times , earned it " far from perfect . "
In 2009 , according to Restaurants & Institutions , SkyCity 's average diner spent $ 60 , SkyCity served more than a quarter million meals , and SkyCity grossed $ 14.1 million .
SkyCity does n't care whether the food is good — they do n't have to .
It 's not about the food , or the city , or anyone 's dearest wish on this earth :
It 's about the money .
Sky City 's decor is corporate bland :
The only thing that stands out is a large painting near the elevator that happens to be by Dale Chihuly .
SkyCity 's lengthy wine list is almost all Washington wines : Among the " Featured Space Needle Wines " are three with bottles featuring " a bold drawing by local artist , Dale Chihuly . "
The company that runs SkyCity and the Space Needle is the same one that wants to build the Chihuly museum that 's been proposed for the Seattle Center near the Space Needle 's base .
Like the Space Needle , the Chihuly museum would be a for - profit business — one built on public land that the public would have to pay money to get into .
The profits — like the profits of SkyCity — would go to the company that runs it , which is owned by the Wright family .
Patriarch Jeffrey Wright has contributed more than $ 50,000 to conservative Republican candidates and causes over the past several years .
The restaurant at the Space Needle could be a marvel , a serious gourmet dining experience with the world 's best view for the most special of special occasions — a source of civic pride .
Instead , it 's a rip - off and a joke , something the average Seattle citizen gets exactly nothing out of .
We have no reason to believe the museum would be different .
Dan S. alerted us to an image , purportedly of an article from the May 13 , 1955 , episode of Housekeeping Monthly .
In it there is a photo of a woman bending over an oven with a list of tips for being a good wife , such as “ a good wife always knows her place . ”
We ’ve gotten this image before and never posted on it , much like the list on “ How to Be a Good Wife , ” attributed around the web to a “ 1950s home economics textbook . ”
So why have n’t we posted the image before ?
Because it ’s a fake .
According to Snopes , the list was circulating widely on its own long before it suddenly appeared with the damning image … which is a completely unrelated image from a cover of John Bull magazine ( not Housekeeping Monthly ) that appeared in 1957 , not 1955 .
Notice the text along the upper right corner of the image–it says “ Advertising Archives . ”
According to Snopes , no one has ever turned up the economics textbook the “ How to Be a Good Wife ” list supposedly comes from , either .
So what gives ?
Why do these hoax 1950s - era images / lists keep appearing ?
I think Snopes makes an interesting case :
It has become fashionable to portray outdated societal behaviors and attitudes — ones we now consider desperately wrongheaded — to be worse than they really were as a way of making a point about how much we ’ve improved .
When we despair over the human condition and feel the need for a little pat on the back , a few startling comparisons between us modern enlightened folks and those terrible neanderthals of yesteryear give us that .
We go away from such readings a bit proud of how we ’ve pulled ourselves up by our bootstraps and with our halos a bit more brightly burnished .
The juxtaposition of wonderful modernity with a tawdry past also serves to reinforce the ‘ rightness ’ of current societal stances by making any other positions appear ludicrous .
It reminds folks of the importance of holding on to these newer ways of thinking and to caution them against falling back into older patterns which may be more comfortable but less socially desirable .
Such reinforcement works on the principle that if you wo n’t do a good thing just for its own sake , you ’ll surely do it to avoid being laughed at and looked down upon by your peers .
A typical vessel for this sort of comparison is the fabricated or misrepresented bit of text from the “ olden days , ” some document that purportedly demonstrates how our ancestors endured difficult lives amidst people who once held truly despicable beliefs .
Of course , as the Snopes article goes on to discuss , all kinds of very sexist stuff existed in the ’50s , and there were home - ec textbooks , magazines , etc. , that included suggestions along the lines of those listed above .
Given that , it ’s not shocking that when we see images of this sort , they immediately seem authentic , and get re-posted around the web despite the sketchy aspects of their origin stories .
It ’s not like we ’ve never posted anything on Soc Images that we later figured out was a hoax ( we also get things that we hope , desperately , are hoaxes but turn out to be real ) .
So there ’s a truth behind the general gist of these types of lists , but many of the images themselves are fakes , created to make fun of our hopelessly , and hilariously , sexist past .
And given how many real examples of sexist propaganda you could find from the 1950s , it ’s worth pondering we find so many fake ones , and how , for some people , they may function to delegitimate concerns about gender inequality or sexism today , because come on , ladies — look how much better we have it than our grandmas did !
Gwen Sharp is an associate professor of sociology at Nevada State College .
You can follow her on Twitter at @gwensharpnv .
Dinosaur metal : arguably the best thing to come out of music since the skin flute .
Toot toot tootle toot !
Hevisaurus was a band made up of members from legendary band Dio and Sonata Arctica .
Their goal was to recrod heavy metal for children .
After an intense brainstorming session , someone thought of buying a bunch of dinosaur suits and the idea stuck .
The music itself is in Finnish , but the lyrics usually deal with popular children 's stories and , you know , dinosaurs .
Because that 's the heart of metal .
There 's a worthwhile video of a Hevisaurus concert after the jump , and I 've gotta admit : I rocked out with my dino - loving peener lighter out .
Damn yeah I set the couch on fire !
And as soon as I finish this I 'm calling the fire department .
Hit it for the concert video .
Children 's Dinosaur Metal - Best Genre Ever? [ woldoddities ]
Thanks to Molly , who 's getting the dino band back together .
Count me in !
Fifa has released the full details of the 30 - man provisional squads of each of the 32 World Cup teams .
These lists of 30 must be reduced to 23 by 1 June .
Not all teams have named 30 in their provisional squads .
Germany have a squad of 27 , Mexico and Uruguay have named 26 , and Slovakia 29 while North Korea have already formalised their 23 - man squad for the tournament .
The youngest players named are the 18 - year - olds Vincent Aboubakar of Cameroon , Christian Eriksen of Denmark and Nassim Ben Khalifa of Switzerland .
At the other end of the scale , the oldest players are the 39 - year - old Holland goalkeeper , Sander Boschker , and England 's David James , also 39 and the oldest player at the tournament .
Of all the players , 139 are based in England , 93 in Italy , 94 in Germany , 74 in Spain and 12 in Scotland .
For the full list submitted to Fifa click here .
“ Purity and simplicity are the two wings with which man soars above the earth and all temporary nature . ”
— Thomas à Kempis
Simplifying your life will bring balance , freedom , and joy .
When we begin to live simply and experience these benefits , we begin to ask the next question , “ Where else in my life can I remove distraction and simplify life to focus on the essentials ? ”
Once we ’re able to answer that , we will understand what is important in our own lives .
How to Simplify Your Life
Based on our personal journey , our conversations , and our observations , here is a list of the 10 most important things to simplify in your life today to begin living a more balanced , joyful lifestyle :
1. Your Possessions –
Too many material possessions complicate our lives to a greater degree than we ever give them credit .
They drain our bank account , our energy , and our attention .
They keep us from the ones we love and from living a life based on our values .
If you will invest the time to declutter the non-essential possessions from your life , you will never regret it .
For more inspiration , consider Simplify : 7 Guiding Principles to Help Anyone Declutter Their Home and Life .
2. Your Time Commitments – Most of us have filled our days full from beginning to end with time commitments : work , home , kid ’s activities , community events , religious endeavors , hobbies … the list goes on .
When possible , release yourself from the time commitments that are not in line with your greatest values .
3. Your Goals – Reduce the number of goals you are striving for in your life to one or two .
By reducing the number of goals that you are striving to accomplish , you will improve your focus and your success rate .
Make a list of the things that you want to accomplish in your life and choose the two most important .
When you finish one , add another from your list .
4. Your Negative Thoughts – Most negative emotions are completely useless .
Resentment , bitterness , hate , and jealousy have never improved the quality of life for a single human being .
Take responsibility for your mind .
Forgive past hurts and replace negative thoughts with positive ones .
5. Your Debt –
If debt is holding you captive , reduce it .
Start today .
Do what you ’ve got to do to get out from under its weight .
Find the help that you need and learn how to get out of debt .
Sacrifice luxury today to enjoy freedom tomorrow .
6. Your Words – Use fewer words .
Keep your speech plain and honest .
Mean what you say .
Avoid gossip .
7. Your Artificial Ingredients – Avoid trans fats , refined grain ( white bread ) , high - fructose corn syrup , and too much sodium .
Minimizing these ingredients will improve your energy level in the short - term and your health in the long - term .
Also , as much as possible , reduce your consumption of over - the - counter medicine – allow your body to heal itself naturally as opposed to building a dependency on substances .
8. Your Screen Time – Focusing your attention on television , movies , video games , and technology addiction affects your life more than you think .
Media rearranges your values .
It begins to dominate your life .
And it has a profound impact on your attitude and outlook .
Unfortunately , when you live in that world on a consistent basis , you do n’t even notice how it is impacting you .
The only way to fully appreciate its influence in your life is to turn them off .
9 . Your Connections to the World – Relationships with others are good , but constant streams of distraction are bad .
Learn when to power off the blackberry , log off Facebook , or not read a text .
Focus on the important , not the urgent .
A steady flow of distractions from other people may make us feel important , needed , or wanted , but feeling important and accomplishing importance are completely different things .
10 . Your Multi-Tasking – Research indicates that multi-tasking increases stress and lowers productivity .
While single - tasking is becoming a lost art , learn it .
Handle one task at a time .
Do it well .
And when it is complete , move to the next .
Simplifying your life is a core aspect of minimalism .
To learn more about this lifestyle , visit this primer on minimalism .
( Natural News ) Back in the 1990s , the idea of growing food in the suburbs , getting " off the grid , " and learning survival skills was thought to be something only militia members and lone rangers living in the woods would do .
Today , a new type of survivalism has emerged in light of economic and political turmoil that people from all walks of life are embracing .
Sometimes called " preppers , " people who prepare in advance for catastrophic events like natural disasters or social chaos are becoming more common in both urban and rural America .
What was once considered to be paranoia is quickly becoming a popular social movement of everyday Americans who are trying to be self - sufficient and prepared for anything .
Tess Pennington a 33 - year - old mother of three from suburban Houston is one such prepper that has been learning how to grow and preserve her own food .
She is also taking classes to learn how to treat illness and disease with medicinal herbs , a skill that will come in handy should a major catastrophic event occur .
Prepper networks have been popping up all over the country as like - minded individuals are banding together to teach each other useful skills such as gardening , hunting , and self defense .
Resources such as how achieve energy independence and live off the grid , how to dig and build a back - yard water well , and how to successfully grow and store food are available all over the place .
Books , radio shows , internet blogs , and even conferences that address these topics and more are abundant .
Terrorist attacks , economic meltdowns , widespread corruption , and other social ills have all contributed to the growing awareness about the importance of self - sufficiency .
Learning how to live independently is vital if one wishes to survive potential disasters that could disrupt access to food , water , fuel , and other essentials necessary for survival John Milandred , owner of a website called , lives in Oklahoma and says he is completely prepared for any disaster .
" If something happened , it really would not affect us , " he explained in an interview .
He hand - dug a water well in his yard , built an oven that requires neither gas nor electricity , is able to hunt for meat , and grows his own food .
" Prepping is not taboo , like survivalism , " Pennington explained .
" In many ways , our ancestors were preppers .
It is just going back to being able to look after yourself . "
She is exactly right , and every American would do well to seek out ways to become more self - sufficient .
Sources for this story include :
RICHLAND , Wash .-
A worker at a furniture liquidation business found bundles of cash hidden in the back of an armoire .
The owners of the company , Liz and Mark Thompson of ET Estate Sales & Liquidation , traced the furniture to an estate sale and were able to return $ 20,000 to the family of the owner .
The Tri-City Herald reports the money belongs to Ron Davidson 's sister , a 78 - year - old widow he does not want to name .
She lost her husband to cancer in February and has moved into an assisted - living home in the Tri-Cities .
Davidson says with her medical bills and stress , the cash is a blessing .
Davidson says her husband stashed the money years ago because he distrusted the banking system .
SANTA CRUZ — Downtown business owners spent Sunday repairing shattered windows and doors after a May Day rally Saturday night turned into a riot with approximately 250 people marching along Pacific Avenue , some carrying makeshift torches , throwing large rocks and paint bombs , and spray - painting walls with graffiti .
At least 18 businesses suffered damage during the rally in honor of international workers that began at 9 p.m. and escalated into mayhem around 10:30 p.m. , police said .
Investigators estimated damage at $ 100,000 , though some business owners said it could be more .
No injuries were reported .
On Sunday , sea green - colored glass littered sidewalks where windows and glass doors had been smashed .
Maintenance workers , many getting called in the middle of the night , boarded up windows with plywood until new sheets of glass could be installed .
The vandalized businesses included Urban Outfitters , Peet ’s Coffee , Noah ’s Bagels , Jamba Juice , Velvet Underground and Dell Williams Jewelers .
The unoccupied Rittenhouse building also was damaged .
A police car was vandalized with rocks and paint , department spokesman Zach Friend said .
Roxie Jones , a resident at Palomar Apartments , spent Sunday morning cleaning yellow paint blobs off of her white Pontiac Grand Prix , which was parked on Pacific Avenue during the riot .
Velvet Underground owner Diane Towns said she was sickened by the smashing of a large window at her north Pacific Avenue clothing store , which has been downtown since 1994 .
Vandals also dragged a mannequin out of the store and tore off the dress and jewelry , she said .
“ We ’ve been up all night .
I ’m just devastated , ” Towns said Sunday morning .
“ We ’ve had a hard enough time staying open with the economy , now this .
It ’s going to cost me at least $ 1,000 to replace the window . ”
Kevin Melrose , manager of the Rittenhouse building , estimated it would cost more than $ 30,000 to replace the three windows and two doors that were smashed in the riot .
There was also damage to some artwork being stored inside the vacant building at Pacific Avenue and Church Street , he said .
“ This is just stupidity , ” Melrose said .
“ This is a violent protest to me , and it diminishes their cause . ”
The only person arrested in connection to the downtown destruction was Jimi Haynes , a 24 - year - old transient from Fresno County .
Police said Haynes was seen breaking two large display windows at Dell Williams Jewelers , a longtime family - owned local business .
He was booked into County Jail on suspicion of felony vandalism and a parole hold .
Police said Haynes told them he learned about the May Day rally from a flier posted at the Santa Cruz anarchist cafe , Sub Rosa , which is at Spruce Street and Pacific Avenue .
Several fliers had circulated around town and on the Internet advertising a May Day street party in Santa Cruz .
The fliers did n’t contain names or groups responsible for the event .
“ Take back this day .
Kick it with us for a truly sick night of mayhem , ” a flier said .
Another flier billed the event as a chance to “ celebrate , eat , drink , dance and take over , ” while another predicted a “ massive ” street party .
Police said they knew the May Day event was being planned , but felt there was no need to monitor it closely because there was no indication it would turn destructive .
The city event coordinator Kathy Agnone had reached out to the group to encourage them to obtain a permit , but they refused , Friend said .
“ There were fliers , but there was n’t any indication it would be this kind of event , ” Friend said .
“ The fliers we had did n’t give any indication like that . ”
Scenes from the downtown riot were caught on video and posted online to YouTube .
The short clips show a mass of people marching down Pacific Avenue .
Three or four individuals dressed all in black , their faces covered , darted out of the crowd to storefronts , swinging what appeared to be tire irons at windows and in some cases throwing rocks the size of bowling balls .
In some cases , the rocks remained Sunday morning on the sidewalks where they fell .
No police were seen in the video while the destruction was under way .
Later , the video showed the street mostly empty as police cars and officers on foot moved through the area .
Friend said there were eight officers on duty in the city , including two downtown , when the 911 call came about 10:30 p.m .
Instead of facing an unruly crowd in which police were outnumbered 20 to 1 , Friend said , the officers requested mutual aid from every law enforcement agency in the county , including Watsonville , Capitola , UC Santa Cruz , California Highway Patrol , harbor police and sheriff ’s deputies .
“ Every available resource responded .
Obviously it takes time to get all of the county ’s resources assembled , ” Friend said .
“ Once we were there , it was contained in less than 20 minutes and the crowd dispersed and the vandalism stopped . ”
Police said they expect to make more arrests .
They hope surveillance video taken at various businesses will help them identify those involved .
Councilman Ryan Coonerty , whose family owns a downtown bookstore that was not damaged in the riot , described the vandalism as “ childish , asinine , pseudo - revolutionary acts ” that take police away from other critical public safety needs such as those connected to gangs .
“ The fact is between the gang violence and the acts of violence downtown , we need more police , ” Coonerty said Sunday .
“ We ’ve authorized a lot of overtime to deal with the gang problems and that costs a lot of money .
We ’re going into the red for overtime because we think it ’s important to have extra police on duty right now .
But going into the red is not sustainable . ”
Coonerty said he planned to talk to police today about how city officials can better support the department ’s efforts to curtail crime .
Chip , the head of the Downtown Association who goes by only one name , said the business owners he talked to on Sunday were frustrated by Saturday ’s “ senseless ” violence .
“ The victims in this are our community , the businesses and families trying to make a go of it , ” Chip said .
“ These are selfish idiots .
It does n’t make sense . ”
The owners of Zocolli ’s Italian deli on Pacific Avenue received phone calls at home at 1:30 a.m. Sunday alerting them to the uprising .
The fact that their business escaped damage did n’t diminish their anger over the vandalism downtown .
“ It ’s disgusting , ” Caitlin Zocolli said .
“ They ’re just making themselves look terrible .
It just makes them look like animals .
For all they know , we ’re all on their side . ”
Katy Hope of Newport Beach was shocked to see the destruction while shopping downtown with her daughter Rosie on Sunday .
“ This is n’t a protest .
This is violence , ” Hope said .
“ This is really wrong . ”
Georgeta Cole , a Sacramento resident visiting Santa Cruz for the day with her fiance , said the vandalism was inexcusable .
“ It ’s irritating that people destroy property to get their point across , ” Cole said .
“ It ’s horrible . ”
The economic case for global action to stop the destruction of the natural world is even more powerful than the argument for tackling climate change , a major report for the United Nations will declare this summer .
The Stern report on climate change , which was prepared for the UK Treasury and published in 2007 , famously claimed that the cost of limiting climate change would be around 1 % - 2 % of annual global wealth , but the longer - term economic benefits would be 5 - 20 times that figure .
The UN 's biodiversity report – dubbed the Stern for Nature – is expected to say that the value of saving " natural goods and services " , such as pollination , medicines , fertile soils , clean air and water , will be even higher – between 10 and 100 times the cost of saving the habitats and species which provide them .
To mark the UN's International Day for Biological Diversity tomorrow , hundreds of British companies , charities and other organisations have backed an open letter from the Natural History Museum 's director Michael Dixon warning that " the diversity of life , so crucial to our security , health , wealth and wellbeing is being eroded " .
The UN report 's authors go further with their warning on biodiversity , by saying if the goods and services provided by the natural world are not valued and factored into the global economic system , the environment will become more fragile and less resilient to shocks , risking human lives , livelihoods and the global economy .
" We need a sea - change in human thinking and attitudes towards nature : not as something to be vanquished , conquered , but rather something to be cherished and lived within , " said the report 's author , the economist Pavan Sukhdev .
The changes will involve a wholesale revolution in the way humans do business , consume , and think about their lives , Sukhdev , told The Guardian .
He referred to the damage currently being inflicted on the natural world as " a landscape of market failures " .
The report will advocate massive changes to the way the global economy is run so that it factors in the value of the natural world .
In future , it says , communities should be paid for conserving nature rather than using it ; companies given stricter limits on what they can take from the environment and fined or taxed more to limit over - exploitation ; subsidies worth more than US$ 1tn ( £ 696.5 bn ) a year for industries like agriculture , fisheries , energy and transport reformed ; and businesses and national governments asked to publish accounts for their use of natural and human capital alongside their financial results .
And the potential economic benefits are huge .
Setting up and running a comprehensive network of protected areas would cost $ 45 bn a year globally , according to one estimate , but the benefits of preserving the species richness within these zones would be worth $ 4 - 5tn a year .
The report follows a series of recent studies showing that the world is in the grip of a mass extinction event as pollution , climate change , development and hunting destroys habitats of all types , from rainforests and wetlands to coastal mangroves and open heathland .
However , only two of the world 's 100 biggest companies believe reducing biodiversity is a strategic threat to their business , according to another report released tomorrow by PricewaterhouseCoopers , which is advising the team compiling the UN report .
" Sometimes people describe Earth 's economy as a spaceship economy because we are basically isolated , we do have limits to how much we can extract , and why and where , " said Sukhdev , who visited the UK WHEN as a guest of science research and education charity , the Earthwatch Institute ..
The TEEB report shows that on average one third of Earth 's habitats have been damaged by humans – but the problem ranges from zero percent of ice , rock and polar lands to 85 % of seas and oceans and more than 70 % of Mediterranean shrubland .
It also warns that in spite of growing awareness of the dangers , destruction of nature will " still continue on a large scale " .
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature has previously estimated that species are becoming extinct at a rate 1,000 and 10,000 times higher than it would naturally be without humans .
A tiny silicon chip that works a bit like a nose may one day detect dangerous airborne chemicals and alert emergency responders through the cell phone network .
If embedded in many cell phones , its developers say , the new type of sensor could map the location and extent of hazards like gas leaks or the deliberate release of a toxin .
" Cell phones are everywhere people are , " said Michael Sailor , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of California , San Diego who heads the research effort .
" This technology could map a chemical accident as it unfolds . "
In collaboration with Rhevision , Inc. , a small startup company located in San Diego , Sailor 's research group at UCSD has successfully finished the first phase of development of the sensor and have begun to work on a prototype that will link to a cell phone .
The sensor , a porous flake of silicon , changes color when it interacts with specific chemicals .
By manipulating the shape of the pores , the researchers can tune individual spots on the silicon flake to respond to specific chemical traits .
" It works a little like our nose , " Sailor said .
" We have a set of sensory cells that detect specific chemical properties .
It 's the pattern of activation across the array of sensors that the brain recognizes as a particular smell .
In the same way , the pattern of color changes across the surface of the chip will reveal the identity of the chemical . "
Already their chips can distinguish between methyl salicylate , a compound used to simulate the chemical warfare agent mustard gas , and toluene , a common additive in gasoline .
Potentially , they could discriminate among hundreds of different compounds and recognize which might be harmful .
advertisement
A megapixel camera smaller than the head of a pencil eraser captures the image from the array of nanopores in Sailor 's chip .
To focus on the fine - scale detail in their optical array , the team uses a new kind of supermacro lens that works more like an animal 's eye than a camera lens .
The lens , developed by Rhevision , uses fluid rather than bulky moving parts to change its shape , and therefore focus .
" The beauty of this technology is that the number of sensors contained in one of our arrays is determined by the pixel resolution of the cell phone camera .
With the megapixel resolution found in cell phone cameras today , we can easily probe a million different spots on our silicon sensor simultaneously .
So we do n't need to wire up a million individual sensors , " Sailor said .
" We only need one .
This greatly simplifies the manufacturing process because it allows us to piggyback on all the technology development that has gone into making cell phone cameras lighter , smaller , and cheaper . "
Sensitivity to additional chemicals is on the way .
One of the top priorities for emergency responders is carbon monoxide , which firefighters can't smell in the midst of a sooty fire though it 's deadly .
Sensors on their masks could let them know when to switch to self - contained breathing devices , Sailor said .
Similar sensors might warn miners of the buildup of explosive gases .
Adrian Garcia Sega , a graduate student in Sailor 's laboratory , is leading the effort to develop the sensors .
Gordon Miskelly , deputy director of forensic science at the University of Auckland in New Zealand developed the imaging array sensing methodology .
Yu - Hwa
Lo , professor of electrical and computer engineering at UC San Diego 's Jacobs School of Engineering and founder of Rhevision developed the lens .
Truong Nguyen , professor of electrical and computer engineering at the Jacobs School , is developing the computing algorithms to discriminate between different patterns .
The project is funded by the Department of Homeland Security .
EVEN when it did n't work very well , Anne Britten always had a lot of heart .
She still does , but now her heart is in the right place - the left side of her chest .
The mother of two from Wee Waa in New South Wales was born with a rare defect - her heart was on the right side , a condition complicated by her other organs being out of place .
In an Australia - first operation performed on Mother 's Day by the St Vincent 's Hospital cardiac transplant team led by Dr Paul Jansz , Ms Britten received a donor heart fitted to her right side - that 's to say , the left side .
On the transplant list for " three years , three months and six days " husband Robert says , Ms Britten , 43 , had survived the past two years on her failing old heart thanks to a mechanical enhancement - the Left Ventricular Assist Device ( LVAD ) .
It enabled her to remain the busy mum of Stephen , 16 and Blake , 14 .
When it required recharging , Ms Britten would , while driving , calmly plug its lead into the car 's cigarette lighter .
" I 'm feeling good , " she said last week .
" It has n't really hit yet .
It might when we eventually go home and walk down our main street and it takes two hours because everyone will be pulling me up talking to me .
" The boys have never known me not sick .
They 're going to be in for rude shock . "
Hailing from Manilla , the same town as Fiona Coote , who in 1980 at the age of 14 became Australia 's youngest heart - transplant recipient - Ms Britten said the prospect of leading a normal and lengthy life is a " bit like pressing the restart button " .
A beaming Mr Britten said : " It 's a Mother 's Day present that 's going to be hard to top .
Breakfast in bed is just not going to cut it . "
Dr Jansz said the operation was possible only to due to the sustaining effect of the LVAD .
Before receiving it , Ms Britten was " down to 56kg and deteriorating rapidly " .
Dr Jansz said NSW was the only state without government funding for lifesaving mechanical assist devices .
TekPub is a web site devoted to developers , giving them a source of focused on - line training in various topics from Microsoft Entity Framework to writing your own blog engine using Ruby on Rails .
The site was created by ex-Microsoft employee Rob Conery with The Lounge owner James Avery .
TekPub is an interesting study in a company who started on ASP .
NET MVC and quickly moved to Ruby on Rails .
InfoQ had the opportunity to talk with Rob and James about TekPub and their journey from using ASP .
NET MVC to Ruby on Rails .
Rob Bazinet ( RB ) : For readers who are unfamiliar with your product , tell us about TekPub ?
James Avery ( JA ) : TekPub provides high - quality technical screencasts for programmers .
Our goal is to help someone learn about a new technology in a couple of hours by watching someone who is very familiar with the technology not only cover the basics but also dive deep into using the technology in a real - world application .
Instead of waiting months to get a book that is most likely already out of date , our subscribers can get the jump on a new technology right away .
We have already finished our ASP .
NET MVC 2 screencast series and there still is n't a book out on the subject .
RB : Who is James Avery and Rob Conery ?
JA : I run a couple of technology startups in addition to TekPub .
I run The Lounge and Ruby Row advertising networks , focused on .NET and Ruby developers respectively .
I also help run DotNetKicks , a community site for .NET developers .
My latest focus is Adzerk which is the web server I built to run The Lounge and Ruby Row available for others to use .
I got started on the web in the mid 90s and moved to Microsoft technologies when .NET launched .
Lately I have been using .
NET , Ruby on Rails , MongoDB , and whatever else strikes my fancy .
Rob Conery ( RC ) : I 've been working in the software industry since 1991 , doing the typical mundane database / CGI / HTML stuff .
I crossed over to ASP in 1997 and have stuck with Microsoft stuff since .
In 2006 I went to work for Microsoft and focused on helping people learn and use the new ASP .
NET MVC framework .
I left in 2009 to do some different things ( more focused on Open Source platforms ) and ended up founding Tekpub with James Avery .
RB : Would you explain the architecture of TekPub on launch day ?
JA : The first version of TekPub was a Ruby on Rails application Rob threw together in a weekend .
We talked it over and realized it needed to be scrapped and since we both knew ASP .
NET MVC inside and out we decided to go with that .
I am firm believer that starting a new business is not the time to also try and learn a new technology .
Rob and I had both written and deployed Rails applications in the past , but when it came down to it we both knew ASP .
NET MVC much better than Rails .
So we scrapped that and put together an ASP .
NET MVC site .
We later scrapped that site and re-built it because it was getting too complicated .
When we launched , it was that third version that went live .
It was ASP .
NET MVC , C# , and MS SQL Server .
RB : What challenges did you see with people using the site and from the perspective of you managing the site ?
RC : Initially , on the very first day , it was our bandwidth .
We announced on Twitter and it buried our ISP due to the bandwidth demands .
They literally had engineers " sitting on the switch " to keep it open and functional - but it stopped working .
So I pushed all of our free content to Amazon S3 within 2 hours of our launch - which helped tremendously .
Also - a subset of people did n't like Silverlight and would n't install it .
We took ads out on Reddit and people simply saw our site as something sponsored by Microsoft - which is the exact opposite of our goal .
So that was a major issue for us .
JA : ASP.NET MVC ran just fine , and the Windows stack was fine .
We did n't have any challenges in that area .
The main challenge actually came from the decision to use Silverlight for streaming .
We had a lot of kickback from people who did n't want to install Silverlight and I convinced Rob we had to switch to Flash .
We moved to Flash and have n't had a single person complain .
We hope to have HTML5 available soon .
RB : How did the architecture handle the user demand ?
RC : We never had an issue with the underlying framework - it handled it perfectly .
It 's not a terribly intense site ( in terms of functionality ) so we never really had an issue that way .
RB : If the platform was holding up fine , what prompted the change of architecture ?
RC : Money .
We were enrolled in Microsoft BizSpark Program and it was great for getting off the ground , but projecting into the future we realized that everything - from our database down to our development environment would have to be paid for after 3 years .
We also figured that we 'd probably need a separate server to run videos properly ( for streaming ) to Silverlight ( using Streaming Media ) which would be another license cost - and , in addition , we 'd need to buy Media Encoder in order to encode the video for Smooth Streaming .
This might not be an issue for a large company , but when we sat down to assess what the bills would be - well let 's just say that it was about 5 figures .
We put our business hats on and tried to justify that cost - and we could n't .
Not only that , James and I both knew Rails pretty well .
We realized we could push everything into the cloud with better streaming and throughput for a microscopic fraction of the price - so that 's what we did .
JA : As Rob mentioned cost was one of the factors , BizSpark is great but it is basically a ticking time bomb .
I think more than cost though the motivating factor was around what we both wanted to be using day to day .
ASP .NET MVC and .NET are very lacking in some areas that are very important to us .
The testing story on .NET is not the best , you have to jump through a lot of hoops to design your application in the right way to handle testing and then writing the tests themselves is not as clean or usable as some other languages .
One of the other areas of high friction was deployment , there are ways to handle it in .NET but nothing as nice or clean as Capistrano .
RB : So what does the TekPub platform look like today ?
RC : We moved to Rails 2.3.5 using MongoMapper against MongoDB .
We have a reporting setup that uses MySQL to track stuff we need to report on which uses DataMapper .
We also plugged in New Relic RPM to keep track of our site and it's health - all of this is less than 1 % of what it would have cost us , on average , with BizSpark .
JA : This solved all of our issues around licensing , we pay about $ 80 / month for a large Ubuntu instance on Amazon EC2 , after the reserved instance fee .
It ’s a technology that both Rob and I really enjoy working with , we have great testing with Cucumber , and deployments with Capistrano are simple and easy .
RB : Can you give us a bit more detail on your technology stack ?
RC : Using Rails 2.3.5 against MongoMapper / MongoDB and DataMapper with MySQL 5.2 .
We are also using New Relic RPM which is just great .
JA : We are using Rails 2.3.5 running on Ruby 1.8.7 running through Passenger .
On the DB side we talk to MongoDB version 1.3.4 using the excellent MongoMapper gem .
We also use MySQL 5.1 through DataMapper .
We do n't make use of too many other gems , we use Pony for sending email and rpx_now to talk to RPX for our authentication .
We are both big fans of HAML and use that for all of our views .
RB : What does your EC2 configuration look like ?
JA : Because all of the content is served from CloudFront we can afford to use a fairly small server .
We are on a single large EC2 instance ( 2 virtual cores , 2 compute units each and ~ 7G of ram ) .
It 's running Ubuntu 9.1 ( karmic ) and Apache .
I wish there was more here , but it is very simple to get this up and running on EC2 .
RB : Why did you choose Ruby on Rails ?
RC : It 's what James and I both knew , and the plug - in story is very compelling .
For instance - New Relic is a god-send .
I do n't worry about the server freaking out , and I can see the " choke points " of all the code .
They also track the highest - occurring queries and will even suggest improvements .
MongoMapper is an incredible data tool and MongoDB itself is faster than lightning .
The Rails platform has matured to the point where it 's almost difficult to justify * not* using it .
JA : All the problems we had ( licensing , testing , deployments ) could have been overcome .
We could have used workarounds , written our own deployment framework , etc .
What is comes down to is that we both really enjoy working with Rails and we enjoy the Rails community and the tools and libraries available .
One of the best parts about running the show is that we get to do what makes us happy .
RB : Why did you choose MongoDB versus a more conventional database such as MySQL or PostgreSQL ?
RC : Speed and extensibility .
It 's so very simple to work with MongoDB - there are no migrations to worry about and you can have a ton of flexibility with it .
It 's also ridiculously fast - and the speed perception is huge for users .
JA : We are using both actually , we use MongoDB for what it does well ( flexibly store information about the productions , users , orders , etc ) and we rely on MySQL for what it does best , providing a durable transactional log of what is happening .
RB : What immediate benefits have you seen from the rewrite and the new design ?
RC : Immediate - the first thing people notice is the speed of it all .
They also notice a bit of a " tighter " design which we were allowed to focus on a bit more as the server - side stuff is really trivial , to be honest .
Not only that - but we 've had some issues that we were able to iron out within seconds as the deployment story is so very , very simple with Capistrano .
Issue a fix and push - takes seconds .
Our testing suite grew tremendously as well - Cucumber is a joy to use and lets you do some things that are a bit hard with ASP .
NET MVC .
For instance - testing PayPal 's IPN posts are pretty tough with ASP .
It 's possible to do - if you create a FormCollection and push it through - but couple that with the anti-forgery protection and the story gets a bit more difficult .
With Rails / Cucumber / Webrat , it 's a matter of filling out a hash and posting it - then making sure everything happened to plan .
I think our users are seeing a bit more functionality that works as intended - which is great .
JA : The most immediate benefit has been the speed at which we are making changes and pushing them up to production .
On the ASP .
NET MVC site I would often write SQL scripts to handle complicated support requests , like changing someone 's OpenID or combining accounts , but now I just spend the 30 - 60 minutes to write a couple of lines of Ruby and push it up .
One of the biggest changes in the rewrite is actually how we are serving files to our users .
In the past we would stream files from either our server or from a Wowza media server running on EC2 .
Both of these solutions were adequate but expensive and did n't work as well for people in other countries .
Around the time we started our re-design Amazon announced the ability to serve private content through CloudFront and CloudFront Streaming .
All of our content is now served from CloudFront using securely signed URLs which means users anywhere in the world are getting great download speed .
It also saves us money since we are only paying for the bandwidth we use and do n't have additional machine or licensing costs .
RB : What does your TDD testing methodology consist of in your current implementation ?
Any mocking involved ?
JA : We use Cucumber and Pickle and that 's about it .
Rob can probably detail this better than I could .
RC : No mocking - pure BDD .
I hate the drag of feeling like I need to have " code coverage " - I have a business to run and I 'd rather make sure that the user experience is solid and to me that means BDD .
Cucumber played a really big role - as did Pickle and Factory Girl - all of it went together amazingly well with MongoMapper and it made me actually laugh a few times and what I was doing on the Microsoft stack versus what I could do now .
I was almost completely thinking business - first and did n't even really notice the mechanics of the testing .
RB : How does your current testing methods compare to what you had on Microsoft ?
RC : 100 % difference .
It was a pain to test with the Microsoft stuff and when you 're poor and have 3 months until the money runs out , testing is something that you have a hard time justifying .
I 'm not afraid to say it - I wrote a ton of crap for our first revision .
It does n't matter how good your application is if you do n't have customers and all I really needed to be sure of was that it did n't fail when it was n't supposed to .
So I had some tests , but nothing to gives me the comfort I wanted .
We did wrap the PayPal stuff in a ton of tests , you have to .
When it comes to their API and I torched their sandbox environment for 3 straight days and STILL had issues rolling live .
That aside - it 's night and day .
We 're covered with all kinds of behavior now and I think James even got around to writing some .
JA : Microsoft testing is always a fight , mainly because C# and static languages do n't lend themselves well to testing .
It always feels like you are jumping through hoops when testing on .
NET .
That being said the SpecFlow framework on .NET does look very promising , but I doubt it can overcome all of the drawbacks of testing in .NET .
RB : How hard is it to do testing on a Microsoft stack and why ?
RC : The language and the tools .
If Microsoft thought more about it , it would be a bit easier to test the stuff .
You ca n't do RSpec with any language other than Ruby really - it just makes it easy .
Microsoft could capitalize on that with the DLR ... but they do n't .
It 's not in their " . NET Story " and that 's OK - it 's their business decision .
It was ours to move away from that .
RB : What lessons or takeaways have you gotten from a total redesign ?
RC : None really - I think both James and I knew that we'd hit a point where we would need to adjust and rewrite .
This is my 3rd startup and I think it 's the 5th for James and we had a long discussion about what to use in the beginning .
We both agreed that we'd need to " go with what you know and get it out " - so we did .
We were lucky in that the idea took hold - we then moved into " OK let 's plan for the next 3 - 5 years and go into controlled - growth mode " - which is where we are now .
We do n't want to be huge , we do n't want IT people or a group of developers who work on stuff .
We want to do it ourselves and stay small - focusing on the idea that got us here .
Rails is super easy for two guys like us to work on and maintain .
We have the most scalable backend in the world ( Amazon EC2 with auto - scale ) and we 're having fun doing what we 're doing .
JA : I think most people would look at this story and think that we should have gone with Rails to begin with , but I am actually very glad we did n't .
I think our instinct to stick with what we knew the best made sense while launching our business and let us worry about all of the business issues without worrying about our tools .
Now that the business is launched and on firm ground it is the perfect time to let our inner geeks run a little wild and move to a platform we both enjoy more .
RB : Do you see any weaknesses to the current architecture ?
What would you change if you were starting over again today ?
RC : Nothing on my end - I love it all .
It 's weird for me - I 've been a Microsoft person for a long time but putting on my business hat ... well it just does n't make any sense at all for us .
I like the idea that scaling comes at the cost of hardware - and it will be a really long time that we 'll need any .
Our servers are essentially " liquid " and we can buff as needed .
Ca n't do that with the Microsoft boxes ( from what I know ) and if you try to latch on separate machines , you end up with a big bill .
JA : The only change I would like to the current architecture is to break out MongoDB from our single server , it makes sense to run MongoDB in a pair whenever possible but with replica pairs being depreciated it makes sense for us to wait on the MongoDB team to develop their new pairing strategy and start with that .
The cost of an addition two VMs and the fact that everything is running fine on our single server also deters us from doing this right now .
RB : Thank you Rob and James for taking the time to talk with me today .
Additional information about TekPub can be found on the company web site .
Most videos on YouTube are total fiascos , but at least they ’re entertaining fiascos .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s debut on YouTube — in which he responded with carefully prepared talking points to carefully screened video questions in a carefully pre-taped appearance — was dull because there was nothing at stake .
It was like watching a man walk a tightrope across his own bathtub .
But at This Magazine , we bravely suffer so you do n’t have to .
Here are the semi-notable bits you missed , even though you knew exactly what was going to be asked and what the answers would be .
Behold !
Afghan detainees !
Q : Why is the government not more open about the Afghan detainee issue ?
A : Yeah , well , first of all it ’s important to say I do n’t agree with the premise of the question .
First of all , this , you know , this issue has been bandied around now for nearly four years .
And yet we have no evidence that Canadian soldiers have done anything wrong . [… ]
I think our men and women in uniform and other public servants have been doing a , you know , a good job in Afghanistan under extremely difficult conditions .
I think they do deserve our support .
Climate change !
Q : Climate change is obviously affecting the weather here in Canada .
Is your government willing to take the strong measures necessary to adequately deal with climate change ?
A : [ W ]e said we needed a treaty that covers all emissions , and that ’s the agreement we got at Copenhagen .
Now , it ’s not perfect , but at least for the first time , we have virtually every country in the world saying they will be part of an effort that will include their emissions .
So we ’re obviously making commitments under that agreement , and further negotiation will go forward internationally in the next year or so to try and hammer out some more details and that . [ … ]
This is , you know , this is not an easy area .
I think what all your viewers should realize is what causes emissions is economic activity .
You know , all emissions virtually are caused by either people heating themselves or moving around or engaged in economic activity of some kind .
So to change our energy use carbon footprint over time requires the development and adaptation of a new generation of technology , and that ’s what we ’re trying to do .
Childcare !
Q : Offering families $ 1200 a year for childcare does n’t even make a dent in the actual cost of childcare , and that plan , to be quite frank , is an insult to any family that actually relies on it .
A : First of all , Canadians want to make their own childcare decisions .
I think probably my own family was not a typical …we used a combination .
You know , sometimes we looked after the kids at home , sometimes we used , or part of the time we used a daycare .
We also used family members or we paid babysitters , so …and I think you ’ll actually see that a lot of Canadians have a lot of different childcare needs . [… ]
[ W ]e had a previous government that promised to create a national childcare system for many years .
They spent billions of dollars .
Canadian parents never saw any of that .
The Demon Weed !
Q : A majority of Canadians , when polled , say they believe marijuana should be legal for adults , just like alcohol .
Why do n’t you end the war on drugs and focus on violent criminals ?
A : I know some people say if you just legalized it , you know , you ’d get the money and all would be well .
But I think that rests on the assumption that somehow drugs are bad because they ’re illegal . [ … ]
The reason drugs are illegal is because they are bad .
And even if these things were legalized , I can predict with a lot of confidence that these would never be respectable businesses run by respectable people .
Here ’s the video in full if you ’re interested .
The Trad
Not as good as it was .
Better than it will be .
Every few months , a peculiar compulsion comes over me .
After dinner , instead of reading a book or lazing on the stoop , I ’ll walk upstairs , sit down , and fit small blocks together , again and again and again .
When I ’m in the grips of this dependence , my wife knows exactly where I ’ll be from 7:30 to 8:15 or so : in front of the TV , eyes glazed , drool at my mouth .
Tetris fever has struck .
Over the years , we ’ve amassed a solid collection of Nintendo games , including Tecmo Super Bowl , Mega Man 2 , and all three Super Marios .
There is Baseball , Baseball Stars , and Bases Loaded 2 .
But when I ’m feeling eight - bit , I almost always go with Tetris ; with few exceptions , it stays in the console , safe as a joey .
Like Pac - Man or Punch - Out !! , its pacing and graphics are as effective today as they were in the Reagan years , as good as they need to be .
When I pop in , say , Tennis or Ice Hockey , I ’m depressingly aware of the gap between them and their modern successors — grunting apes to today ’s Gattaca humanoids .
But Tetris is different .
As with chess , efforts to update it have seemed superfluous , faintly sacrilegious .
It ’s one of the few entertainments that arrived fully formed , little improvement necessary .
For me , this is evidenced by the ease and consistency with which it melts my brain .
Once things get cooking , twenty or thirty rows in , I find myself on the fourteenth level — or is it fifteenth ? — of consciousness .
It ’s a murky shade of purple there , with a tinge of lunar dust .
Drifting through the door from The Twilight Zone intro , I find “ Bitches Brew ” the national anthem , Jim Woodring the national storyteller .
In this place , everything undulates — yet stays , like , perfectly still , man .
Outside of recreational drugs and a Ghibli film , few other things bring on such a strange and fluid state .
And like ping - pong or fucking , the game demands a deep focus that must be both maintained and ignored ; once you realize what you ’re doing , you ’re done .
Floating through Tetris ’ cranial hyperspace forces a natural introspection .
Often , sort of insanely , I ’ll dwell upon what my playing method can tell me about myself .
My technique is n’t to plow through rows or shatter a score ; I play Tetris for the tetris : the four - row clear that comes with the vertically - nestled “ I ” block .
Self - denial is necessary for the maneuver , as all must be laid aside for the blessed piece ’s arrival .
Meanwhile , the pile mounts dangerously .
When the block finally appears , this mild daring and asceticism are handsomely repaid : there ’s a flash of light , a scream of sound , and the pile ’s heavy fall .
This approach correlates with who I am when the Nintendo is off : I ’ve taught myself to stop drinking , but I reward my piousness by getting whacked on special occasions .
I withhold myself from others until I ’m comfortable , then gleefully let it rip .
Most importantly , as a freelancer , my life has become a constant wait for the “ I ” block .
That wait is often unbearable , but when it finally comes — via an editor ’s e-mail or telephone call — there ’s a flash of light and a scream of sound .
I feel great for a time , smug with accomplishment .
And then , inevitably , other bricks appear and I must hurry to place them , setting things up for the next big clear .
My wife does n’t live her life this way , and , tellingly , she does n’t play Tetris in the same way I do .
She takes each block at a time , concentrating on the present , never stalling for the tetris .
Watching her careful style drives me nuts , but I understand it : she ’s a pragmatist , preferring steadiness to risk , no matter how visceral the reward .
Unlike me , she does n’t need constant validation to get by , can cope with a regular job .
Her way appeals to me — it ’s calmer , less given to peaks and valleys .
But I do n’t think I ’m capable of arranging my blocks any other way .
It might seem absurd for an old Nintendo game to bring on such navel - gazing , but , hey , there it is .
And that ’s why Tetris , unlike others in its genre — Klax or Arkanoid or Dr. Mario — is consistently at or near the top of greatest - game lists .
Because while its premise seems dull , its simple complexity allows us to project ourselves fully upon it .
In a 2007 interview with Gamespot , Tetris creator Alexey Pajitnov said , “ Emotion comes from [ the player , ] and [ the designer ] ca n’t control that .
As soon as I design drama for you , I take away your freedom . ”
That ’s what Tetris brings : interior freedom through steadily - vanishing rows , a vehicle for thoughts that might not otherwise surface .
We supply the drama .
Pretty good for a game that was made in the age of Excitebike .
[ Image credit : Aldo Gonzalez ]
Group riding can be a bit dangerous if the pace is fast and riders do n’t notice a slowing in the front of the pack .
[ WyoJustin ] designed a brake light system for cyclists to try and remedy this issue .
LEDs are mounted in the end caps of the handlebars on a road bike .
When an accelerometer senses the bike slowing down the LEDs light up , warning those behind you that you ’re slowing down .
The system is made to be portable , as a lot of serious riders have multiple bikes .
To make this happen , all of the electronics are housed in the handlebar tubing for easy transfer .
This includes an accelerometer with built in voltage regulator , an Arduino to control everything , and a battery .
Take a look at the brake lights in action after the break .
Most of the bike lights we see are for the front of the machine , but this backward - facing package is a clean and easy solution we can get behind ( safely ) .
Late on 2 August , the top of hornito T56B had collapsed , plunging as a whole piece silently into the hollow conduit beneath .
Now the toppled cone quickly resumes its reconstruction , producing dense lava fountains up to 15 m high and ash eruptions up to 50 m high .
Photos taken on 3 August .
4 August : Strong fountains continues at T56 on 4 August , rebuilding its steep narrow vent , ready for a next collapse .
Data centers are a booming business , of course , as we report on all the time at GreenerComputing .
With the rise of online shopping , telecommuting , virtual meetings , and the general spread of technology through everyday business activities , more and more companies are building or expanding their computing facilities .
But at the Fortune Brainstorm Green conference happening this week , Dell made the amazing revelation that , by waffling on their data center expansion plans , the company realized they might never need to build another new data center .
Robin Johnson , Dell 's CIO , and Dane Parker , its Global Facilities Lead , took part in the virtual conference ( you can attend it online through WebEx ) yesterday to talk about how the greenest data center is the one you never build .
{related_content}Dell surveyed its customer base about demand for new hardware and data center floor space , and found that 65 percent of its customers were out of space and considering new facilities .
Despite being in the same position as their customers , Dell held off , a move Johnson described as a cost- mitigation play , buying a year 's worth of time to think the decision through while renting out a colocation facility .
" The thing that happened in that year is that , one , technology gets cheaper , smaller and more powerful year over year , " Johnson said .
" And the other key was virtualization , which I describe as carpooling . "
By virtualizing their servers , Dell was able to go from an industry average 12 - 18 percent utilization for its servers to 42 percent utilization , a number that Parker says is still " going north . "
As a result , " we 've doubled our workload at no extra power , and no extra servers , " Johnson said .
It was n't as simple as just deciding to go virtual rather than expand compute facilities -- especially for an IT hardware company .
But in digging into the costs that Dell 's two Austin , Texas , data centers were responsible for , and the costs to build a new data center , executives realized that there had to be another way .
" So we asked , is there something we can do to get more capacity out of that same infrastructure , " Parker explained , " and can we get efficiency savings by going to virtualization ? "
As Dell kicked around the options , virtualization technology was improving in effectiveness , as technology is wont to do .
That steady progress , coupled with an initiative led by Johnson to identify and remove underutilized and outdated assets , made Dell 's no - new - data - centers future possible .
" You 've just halved the power demand I have , " Parker said , " and maybe we do n't need to build another one -- now it looks like we can wait another 10 , 15 , 20 years to build another one . "
The process is more complex than simply virtualizing everything possible , of course .
And Johnson laid out how IT hardware firms can continue to benefit from companies using ever - fewer servers .
" It was n't simply putting more on each box , it was putting in the latest and greatest box , " Johnson said .
" Those two things are what 's driving the change . "
By replacing the oldest 25 percent of its servers every year and upgrading to the " latest and greatest " models , Dell can essentially recoup its capital expenditures every year through reduced energy costs -- increased energy efficiency offsets the costs of buying new hardware on a rolling four - year refresh cycle .
Fortune is archiving and streaming at least portions of its Brainstorm Green conference online ; you can watch the entire hour - long discussion from Dell 's Robin Johnson and Dane Parker , as well as much more , at Fortune - ls.
WebEx.com .
Cross -Platform Multiplayer Titles Available Now
May 19 , 2010 – The second round of Steam for the Mac launch titles are available now .
This week ’s collection features a dozen games headlined by the first cross-platform multiplayer games offered via Steam .
This first set of titles that allow for PC vs.
Mac cross - platform gaming include the co-op zombie hit Killing Floor , Altitude , and Madballs in Babo : Invasion .
“ We were thrilled when we learned that Steam was coming to the Mac platform and started working on a native Mac version of Killing Floor immediately , ” said John Gibson , President of Tripwire Interactive , creators of Killing Floor .
“ Steam ’s advanced multiplayer support on both the PC and Mac has enabled us to bring Killing Floor to a whole new audience on the Mac and introduce them to the existing PC player community . ”
To celebrate the launch of these titles , Killing Floor will be offered at 33 % off its regular price ( for a limited time ) .
An Altitude Free Weekend promotion is available now on Steam , and those who wish to purchase the game and play beyond the weekend may pick it up at 50 % off its regular price .
And Madballs in Babo : Invasion is also available at 50 % off its regular price .
More single player games are also available today including Sam and Max : The Devils Playhouse Episode 2 , Hearts of Iron 3 , and more .
An additional collection of Mac titles will launch next week via Steam .
For more information on Steam , please visit www.steamgames.com.
In the history of the cinema , the German director Veit Harlan occupies an especially ignominious position .
It is his name that is attached to “ Jew Süss , ” perhaps the most notoriously anti-Semitic movie ever made , a box office success in Nazi Germany in 1940 that was so effective that it was made required viewing for all members of the SS .
But what motivated Harlan to write and direct such a film ?
Was he a Nazi true believer , an opportunistic careerist or just a filmmaker too fearful of retribution to say no to Joseph Goebbels , the Nazi propaganda chief ?
Those are some of the questions that another German director , Felix Moeller , asks in “ Harlan : In the Shadow of Jew Süss , ” a documentary that opens a two - week engagement Wednesday at Film Forum in Manhattan .
“ Harlan may be forgotten , but he was an influential figure , frequently mentioned in Nazi documents and in Goebbels ’s diary , ” Mr. Moeller said .
“ That interested me as a historian , but I also wanted to know what the younger generation thinks of this .
We think we know everything , but when you ask what your grandfather did on the Eastern Front , what went on in your own family , it ’s a different matter , and that story is important to me . ”
Mr. Moeller ’s film includes some snippets from “ Jew Süss , ” whose commercial exhibition or sale as a DVD is still prohibited in Germany and several other European countries .
Set in the 18th century , it claims to be a dramatization of the true story of how a sinister , cunning Jewish financier , Joseph Süss Oppenheimer , took control of the duchy of Wurttemberg while preying sexually on a pure Aryan maiden , played by Harlan ’s wife , Kristina Söderbaum .
The bulk of Mr. Moeller ’s film , however , consists of interviews with descendants of Veit Harlan , forced to live with his surname and the stigma of “ Jew Süss . ”
The Atlantic Ocean hurricane season begins June 1 , and scientists tracking the Gulf of Mexico oil spill are beginning to think about what would happen if a storm hit the growing slick .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration wo n't release its initial hurricane season forecast until Thursday , but experts said it would only take one storm in the Gulf to complicate the ongoing effort to stanch the gushing oil and limit its environmental impact .
NOAA talking points list a number of open questions , such as whether the oil plume could affect storm formation by suppressing evaporation of Gulf water and how a hurricane could change the size and location of the oil slick .
There 's little information about what would happen if a hurricane hit the spill , experts said .
Still , several scientists are worried that a hurricane could drive oil inland , soiling beaches and wetlands and pushing polluted water up river estuaries .
" My 'oh , no ' thought is that a hurricane would pick up that oil and move it , along with salt , up into interior regions of the state that I am convinced the oil will not reach otherwise , " said Robert Twilley , an oceanographer at Louisiana State University .
" The bottom line is , how much oil are we going to get into our wetlands ?
We do n't know , " he said .
" This thing is gushing out in these huge numbers . "
That 's a question that Florida State University researchers Steven Morey and Dmitry Dukhovskoy are trying to answer with computer models of storm surge and ocean currents .
A somewhat mixed picture
" The storm could potentially transport the oil over some distance , we 're not sure how far , " said Morey , a physical oceanographer .
" It could maybe break up the masses of the oil , through mixing .
And it could also cause oil to wash over the land in a storm surge . "
He and Dukhovskoy hope to have initial results by the time the storm season begins in roughly two weeks .
But first they must tweak their computer models to take oil 's physical properties into account .
" Oil on water changes the stress on the water from the winds , " Morey said .
" Oil will essentially slide over the water and change the roughness of the water .
That 's why we call it an oil slick .
...
The waves present a technical challenge , as well . "
But Dukhovskoy said he believes the hardest problem might be predicting the size and location of the slick at the beginning of hurricane season , so the scientists can feed it into their computer models .
While the government has n't released its initial predictions for this year 's hurricane season , other experts expect an active year .
Last month , Colorado State University forecasters Bill Gray and Phil Klotzbach said they " continue to see above - average activity for the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season . "
The pair are betting that warm ocean temperatures and a weakening El Niño will produce 15 named storms , including eight hurricanes .
Half of those , they say , will be major hurricanes -- classified as Category 4 or 5 .
An above - average hurricane year
Another hurricane watcher , AccuWeather meteorologist Joe Bastardi , puts that number even higher .
He foresees 16 to 18 named storms , and believes this year 's hurricane season is in line with those of 1998 , 2008 and the record - setting 2005 season , which produced hurricanes Katrina , Rita , Emily and Dennis , among others .
Back in Louisiana , Robert Twilley is thinking about the worst - case scenario and hoping that if Louisiana 's wetlands are hit , they 'll continue their remarkable recent streak of recovering from natural disasters .
In 2000 , a drought in the southeastern United States turned 100,000 acres of Louisiana 's wetlands into mud flats , or " brown marsh . "
In 2005 , hurricanes Katrina and Rita carried Gulf water deep into the wetlands .
Slow to drain out , the salty water dried out the marshes , Twilley said .
In both cases , scientists saw signs of recovery within a year .
But there 's no formula for predicting how resilient the Gulf Coast 's beaches and wetlands might be in the face of an oil spill - hurricane one - two punch .
And any recovery would come in the face of the ongoing wetlands loss from human intervention like canals and other earthworks that prevent silt from replenishing the coastal marshes .
Louisiana now loses approximately 15 square miles of wetlands each year .
" These systems will recover , " Twilley said .
" It 's going to be the length of time that 's uncertain .
And the important thing is , what happens in the meantime ?
What services do the wetlands provide the state of Louisiana ?
Fisheries , flood control , nutrient removal , habitat for ducks and nesting birds . "
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Zimbabwe 289 for 4 ( Taylor 81 , Ervine 67 * ) beat India 285 for 5 ( Rohit 114 , Jadeja 61 * ) by six wickets
Scorecard and ball - by - ball details
How they were out
Brendan Taylor raises his bat after reaching his half - century Associated Press
This was n't an upset at all .
Zimbabwe were the stronger side , which showed in the assured manner of a tall chase , set up by fliers from Brendan Taylor and Hamilton Masakadza and finished off with 10 balls to spare by a cool - on - debut Craig Ervine .
The return of high - profile cricket to Zimbabwe put smiles on the faces of a spirited crowd , built mostly of school children , as the home team meticulously beat India for the first time in eight years , and sealed its second - highest successful chase in ODIs .
A weak India 's only creditable spell came when Rohit Sharma scored 69 off the last 36 balls he faced to score his maiden ODI century and give them a fighting total on a flat track .
That Rohit assault and a wayward bowling start aside , Zimbabwe dominated the rest of the game .
India 's real weakness showed when their three debutant medium - pacers proved to be no match for Zimbabwe 's batting .
Zimbabwe , though , could only have played against the side their opponents sent over , and that they did fantastically .
Taylor and Masakadza were brutal against the new ball .
None of the medium - pacers looked like creating a chance , and the openers duly punished them , reaching 88 in 13 overs .
The first over of the chase was indicative of the effort of both sides .
Ashok Dinda finished with one pitched up too far , and Taylor drove it wristily for four .
It remained the case in the first 10 overs : whenever the bowlers went too full or too short , they were hit .
The in - between lengths induced respect , but never bothered the batsmen .
The pitch did n't have the bounce , nor the bowlers the pace to trouble them with the bouncers .
Umesh Yadav , the fastest of the three , and R Vinay Kumar were both pulled away for sixes .
If Masakadza unleashed raw power , Taylor brought a sense of calm with the way he went about scoring .
Two balls after Dinda failed to collect cleanly and missed his run-out in the eighth over , Masakadza made room and smashed him through extra cover .
That was the first time Zimbabwe 's run-rate went past six , batting would only look easier in the upcoming few overs .
Vinay got the worst treatment when Taylor hit the 10th over for two sixes and a four : a pull , a golf swing over long - on , and a square - cut .
Amit Mishra was the only bowler who challenged Zimbabwe , and in his second over he removed Masakadza with a googly .
Taylor dropped anchor then , and while he and Greg Lamb added only 63 in 16.3 overs , Zimbabwe needed only 135 in more than 20 overs by the time they were separated .
That 's when Ervine belied someone making debut .
Even as Taylor slowed down , and then holed out to fine leg , Ervine kept scoring at almost a run a ball without taking undue risks .
He picked up gaps well , and by the time he hit his first boundary he had already scored 30 off 38 balls .
By then Zimbabwe had lost Taylor , but Charles Coventry was in the middle of a cameo himself , and 72 were required off 52 with a batting Powerplay in hand .
The sort of time , then , when the minnow side 's mental strength is tested with a win in sight .
Ervine , though , made mockery of such fears , and went after the fastest bowler on display , Yadav .
That Elton Chigumbura moved to 20 off 15 with the winning hit will relieve the new captain after a horrible start to the match .
Chigumbura conceded 26 runs in a forgettable 12 - delivery fourth over , 17 of them through extras , but India were not to be left behind when it came to generosity .
In the ninth over , M Vijay was princely slow in sliding his bat back in after having taken two steps down the pitch for a non-existent second .
Virat Kohli , in the next over , called for a single that was n't there and was run out without having faced a delivery .
Dinesh Karthik , two overs later , edged a short and wide drifter from Prosper Usteya .
Captain Suresh Raina and Rohit put their heads together and prevented it from becoming a procession of wickets , but Christopher Mpofu came back to end that 67 - run partnership with a bouncer way outside off .
India were 128 for 4 off 30 overs then , and Rohit - 31 off 65 - was the only specialist batsman left : India 's 15 - member squad consists of four specialist batsmen , two wicketkeeper - batsmen , three bits - and - pieces spinners , and bowlers .
Zimbabwe 's famous band of spinners , Ray Price , Utseya , Greg Lamb and Graeme Cremer , along with Mpofu , had done their job until then , conceding only 91 runs in 28 overs between them .
They had induced a couple of mis-hits from Rohit , which both fell short of long - off , but with Ravindra Jadeja for company , Rohit cut out all risks from his batting .
His first boundary came off the 84th delivery he faced , and took him to one short of a half - century .
It did n't faze him that at the time the run-rate was hovering around four an over in the 38th over .
His late burst , full of elegant shots over extra cover and midwicket , taking his strike - rate from 50 to close to 100 , getting India 115 runs in the last 11 overs , was to end up second - best .
The Air Force is holding up construction of an Oregon wind farm that would be the largest in the country amid concerns that the farm 's 300 - plus new turbines will interfere with transmissions from a radar station in Fossil .
, developer of the
wind energy project in north - central Oregon , has its construction contractor on site and hopes to break ground May 1 .
The project will provide 706 construction jobs and millions in royalty payments for farmers and ranchers in Gilliam and Morrow counties , Caithness says .
But the
, with backing from the
, issued a " notice of presumed hazard " in March , barring construction of any towers above " 0 feet . "
The company has n't been able to resolve the issue , even with Oregon Sens .
and
trying to run interference .
" We 're just sitting here in no man 's land , " said Les Gelber , a Caithness Energy partner .
Air Force officials could not be reached for comment late Wednesday , and it 's unclear how many other potential wind farms are affected .
Last month , the industry said more than a dozen projects are stalled .
The FAA is still evaluating Shepherds Flat , spokeswoman Sasha Johnson said by e-mail .
" This project is still in process and we are working with all parties to gather information . "
Wyden said he worries that the Air Force concerns could thwart big wind farms in the pipeline throughout rural Oregon and nationwide .
His technical advisers tell him the radar problems are solvable without compromising military security , he said .
" If the Defense Department allows this project to go down the drain after years and years of development , the ( wind farm ) investors are going to walk , " Wyden said .
" We do n't see why they should be able to come in at the last minute and put the kibosh on this program . "
also hopes to begin construction in May on three wind projects with a total capacity of 400 megawatts , one in Gilliam County and two in Washington 's Klickitat County .
Spokeswoman Jan Johnson said the company received clearance from the FAA in 2008 and 2009 on those projects , but had to reapply after making minor modifications .
The company has not heard back from the FAA on the new applications , she said .
Air Force Gen. Gene Renuart , head of
, testified before Congress in March that the military is increasingly concerned about wind farms disrupting radar .
The number of U.S. wind projects is growing fast amid increasing demand for renewable energy and plentiful government subsidies .
Caithness wants to erect 338 turbines with a total capacity of 845 megawatts .
That 's well above the capacity of
coal - fired plant near Boardman , though wind power is relatively sporadic .
Gelber said Caithness has been through four to five years of permitting with county , state and federal governments , ironed out concerns with the Navy , and notified the Air Force about the project three years ago .
At that point , Gelber said , " The Air Force looked at this and went away . "
The company has inked a $ 1.4 billion deal with
to provide the turbines .
Workers have begun arriving on site to build roads and turbine foundations , Gelber said , but the contractor is now telling them to stand down .
The FAA 's notice said all the proposed turbines would be located within radar line - of - sight of the Fossil radar station , which Caithness said was built in the 1950s about 50 miles from the Shepherds Flat site .
The Shepherds Flat turbines -- combined with about 1,800 other turbines built or proposed within the Fossil station 's range -- would " seriously impair the ability of the ( Department of Defense ) to detect , monitor and safely conduct air operations in this region , " the notice said .
There is no overlapping radar coverage in the area , the notice said , and the station " already experiences significant clutter and target tracking issues in this general area . "
The tall turbines can reflect radar signals , creating a blind spot that can erase airplanes on radar screens .
The turbine 's rotating blades can also clutter the screens , creating a radar signature that constantly changes as the blades slow down or speed up in the wind .
Industry officials say they 're working on radar friendly turbine technologies .
Upgrades to radar stations -- possibly financed by the wind farms -- would also help .
Modern systems are much less affected by spinning turbines .
Gelber said he hopes to iron out the issue with the FAA and the Air Force .
But he has n't been able to get detailed analysis of the radar problems posed by Shepherds Flat from the military .
The company has all its required permits , Gelber said .
" We 're not asking for special treatment here . "
--
On HuffPost , investigator / author Robert Jacobson describes how organizers of the US Pavilion , inside the State Dept. and in the private sector , created a $ 70 million , tax - exempt edifice whose entire business is promoting multinational corporations .
By : Robert Jacobson
US Pavilion at Shanghai Expo , a bland facade concealing massive malfeasance
End
--
My new article on Huffington Post digs into the machinations of US Pavilion organizers in the State Department and the private sector to corporatize our presence in Shanghai and privatize American public diplomacy generally .
Two Secretaries of State are implicated .
It 's a big story hiding in a small building in a remote region of the world unknown to most Americans .
It ''s also timely : Clinton arrives in Shanghai on Saturday to celebrate the successful corporate takeover of the US Pavilion , a major interface with China 's economic leadership .
" A Stalking Horse for Privatization ?
The US Pavilion Meets the IRS , " May 20 , 2010http://www.huffingtonpost.com/bob-jacobson/a-stalking-horse-for-priv_b_580086.htmlI provide links to my formal complaint just made to the IRS , now online , that reveals how this ongoing takeover of the State Department being is led , as entertainment ; and to a Request for an Investigation made to State 's OIG , which contains a full timeline of events .
The New York Stock Exchange , a US Pavilion " marketing partner " ( sponsor ) , today issued this fascinating release announcing the first opening of that trading outside of NYC -- and it happened right in the US Pavilion , in Shanghai .
It validates my account of the US Pavilion and its purpose : to promote American multinationals , not the American nation .
" Stalking Horse " is the follow - up to my former well - received article , also on HuffPost , relating the origins of the US Pavilion as a test of privatizing American diplomacy , " ' Blackwatering ' Public Diplomacy : The US Pavilion at the Shanghai World Expo , " May 3 , 2010 I 'm available for your questions , comments , and interviews .
My personal thanks for helping me bring this story to the attention of the American people .
Bob Jacobson# # # Bluefire is a personal political investigative business .
I investigate and write as a public citizen about government - private sector collusion , developments that may not make the daily news but that are critical to the future of American democracy .
Attending the Fourth International Conference on Climate Change , I was surprised by the response Stephen McIntyre , primary author of the Climate Audit blog , and early exposer of Michael Mann ’s fraudulent “ hockey stick ” graph ( and continuing exposer of the numerous additional “ hockey sticks “ ) , gave to a question as to how he got involved in this whole area .
It turns out he had n’t even heard of the IPCC until 2002 , when he got interested in the subject during a conversation with a geologist friend .
And , contrary to the “ Climategate ” emails from which one would deduce McIntyre to be a dangerous ideologue from whom information must be hidden , it turns out he was and is totally disinterested in the political implications of climate research , and would in fact support governmental involvement as legitimate .
Rather , he was struck when he read the material his friend had told him about by its hockey stick graph , because as a mining stock analyst he was familiar with the irregularity of such a sudden , extraordinarily rising curve .
He had previously seen graphs depicting such a rapid swing from flat to a dramatically rising curve only in projections made by dot - com start - ups , and he knew that such an extreme swing could only be plotted based on wildly unlikely assumptions .
He thus submitted a very respectful request to Mann and the preeminent Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( CRU ) for their underlying data .
And the rest , most fortunately , is now history .
Mr. McIntyre recommends the following as the most cogent explanation of Mann ’s creative methodology that he subsequently exposed :
Surprisingly , McIntyre defends Mann and his colleagues from accusations of fraud , apparently because they were n’t utilizing their “ tricks ” to sell stock .
He unfortunately fails to recognize that the taxpayers whose money has and continues to be stolen in order to support their work have been defrauded , or that which would be perpetrated upon the millions whose lives would be destroyed should the policies such data is designed to support be implemented .
I find it extraordinary that someone who has as doggedly pursued and uncovered so much brazen dishonesty — and who has been viciously attacked in the process — would retain such a view , but despite our philosophical differences , Steve McIntyre is a genuine hero and well deserves the standing ovation the audience of 800 gave him .
Below is only a photo archive of Hello Kitty ™ brooches that I bought legally .
I do not sell Hello Kitty ™ products , they are redily available online elsewhere .
The Dark Hello Kitty ™ inlayed - Sig P226 ....
Obviously a Very Customized Sig P226 9 mm With Custom Anodized Pink & Silver Frame
5 Stage HOT Pink Custom Painted Slide With Accents , Purple Pearl Painted Small Parts ,
A Polished - Jewelled - Serrated Hammer , TJ Stainless Steel Short Trigger ,
High Polished TJ Hex Head SS Grip Screws , Polish & Jewelled Extractor
Night Sights With Green DayGlo Highlighting , Polished & Jewelled Barrel ,
Polished Barrel Tip - Guide Rod & Tip - Pins +
More !
Swarovski Crystal ' Hello Kitty ' Brooches + Swarovski Crystals Inlaid Into Hogue Grips
+ The TJ Level 1 Action / Reliability Package Including .....
Full Deluxe Action Work , Smoothing Both DA & SA Trigger Pulls
TJ's Ergonomic Stainless Steel Short Rounded Trigger
Throat & Polish Of The Barrel & Feed Ramp
Fit & Polish The Extractor
Full Inspection , Oiling , Tuneup
I know , the first question is ' WHY ???'
The answer is simple , because THAT is what the gal ordered !
And TJ will make your custom gun dreams come true if you pay for it .
The next question I hear , is ' HOW MUCH ???'
The gun was provided , so the custom work was around $ 2100 ,
and nearly $ 500 of that was just for the grips & inlays .
. . . . . oh , and let 's not forget the custom genuine fur lined gun rug . . . . .
BAGHDAD — A series of attacks in Baghdad and other cities across Iraq on Monday struck police and army checkpoints , as well as markets , a mayor ’s office and a textile factory .
The violence appeared to be a coordinated rebuttal of assertions by Iraqi and American commanders that Al Qaeda in Iraq and other extremist groups had suffered debilitating blows in recent weeks .
The attacks , which killed at least 101 people and wounded hundreds more , occurred amid a protracted dispute over the results of the country ’s election more than two months ago .
Even as the violence continued to unfold across the country through the day , officials blamed the political impasse for creating a security vacuum that extremists hoped to exploit .
One of Iraq ’s two vice presidents , Adel Abdul Mahdi , called for speeding the formation of a new government to prevent “ any attempt by terrorist gangs to use the circumstances in the country to hurt the Iraqi people and the armed forces . ”
A member of the departing Parliament ’s security committee , Bahaa al - Araji , pointedly blamed the security forces for unclear loyalties and for “ the arrogance ” of the generals because of improved security that , he emphasized , the American military had achieved and Iraq ’s military was squandering .
GREECE'S debt was downgraded by Standard & Poor 's to “ junk ” status on Tuesday April 27th , driven in part by fears about delays in aid for Greece from the European Union and the IMF .
The agency also cut Portugal 's debt rating by two notches .
The moves provided another jolt to euro - area bond markets and added to worries that a bail - out for Greece , even if it came soon , would only delay a default .
Contagion has already hit other troubled European economies .
Yields on two - year Greek notes rose above 25 % on Wednesday , from 4.6 % a month ago .
Spreads between ten - year Greek bonds and benchmark German bunds the day before spiked to nearly seven percentage points .
Spreads also rose substantially for bonds issued by Portugal and Ireland , but only slightly for Italian and Spanish government debt .
Shutterstock
J.J. Abrams has unleashed two television shows about faith and science and strange reflections of reality .
Fringe will never be as popular as Lost , but it has the potential to be far greater , as it proved last night .
Spoilers below ...
Advertisement
Thing is , I still love Lost a lot , and I 'm still clinging to hope that the whole " two thousand years of sibling rivalry " storyline culminates in something amazing .
But I can't remember the last time Lost made me feel quite as exhilarated as last night 's Fringe .
Maybe it was partly because Fringe managed to work so many character beats and emotional moments into an hour , it felt like enough drama for ten Lost episodes .
Or maybe it was because of the episode 's loopy twists and turns , which kept knocking me off balance .
No , you know what ?
It 's because this show is so unabashedly science fictional , and embraces the idea that science fiction stories can be simultaneously personal and intimate , and huge and widescreen .
Lost has always struggled against this idea , seeming somewhat grudging about its science fiction elements and almost never throwing ideas at you as gleefully as Fringe does .
Just look at this episode :
It begins with Peter already on the " Other Side , " and then we find out that there 's some sort of Doomsday Machine that Peter 's going to be hooked up to , which could destroy our world , and then we learn that William Bell may have turned himself into a molecularly fragile ghost with his universe - jumping — and that 's just the first ten minutes .
Lost 's Daniel Faraday had moments where he approached this level of insanity , but he was never allowed to just run with it for very long .
Advertisement
And not to sound like a broken record , but last night 's episode proves yet again that John Noble deserves to win all the Emmys , including the ones for sound and lighting design .
He was that good — both as Walter Bishop and as Walternate .
You could be forgiven for thinking they 'd brought in a totally different actor to play the " other " Walter .
Noble can run through a hundred emotions in a second , like in the scene where he 's searching through his papers because he 's forgotten something important .
And the bit where he apologized to the Cortexiphan redshirts , and explained that they believed the Earth needed guardians , managed to be both heart - breaking and stirring .
And the moment of prayer !
And then despite everything that 's at stake , Walter still manages to exhibit some of his trademark childlike curiosity and verve at exploring the Other Side .
It 's been a long time since Lost 's Michael Emerson has gotten the chance to show his range like that .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And there were tons of other great character moments in the episode , including Olivia drinking alone , Peter talking with his " real " mom about his adoptive mom , alt - Astrid stressing about whether to initiate quarantine protocol , alt - Olivia 's relationships with Charlie and her squeeze Frank , and the Cortexiphan redshirts ' surprising choices for their traditional " last night of cutting loose before the suicide mission . "
Advertisement
But also Fringe has something Lost can never have , at this point — a cohesive mythos that fuses the personal and the universal .
I 'm not saying that Lost 's mythos is n't rich and textured , or that Lost wo n't bring all of its huge threads together in its final episodes .
But Lost long since abandoned the opportunity to have a single story thread that 's as profound and multifaceted as the story of Walter and Peter Bishop .
Everything revolves around the single act of Walter Bishop bringing his son back from the other universe — he did it to save Peter 's life , but he knew the consequences could be horrific .
And more and more , we 're seeing that life Over There has been one long disaster ever since , turning their Fringe Division into something much more paramilitary .
Plus even though Peter lived as a result , the act destroyed both Bishop families , and led to Walter becoming the ruined , faded creature he is today .
( The bit where he compares himself to the old theater is utterly moving . )
That foundational act is such a rich source of weirdness and drama , what with Peter 's identity crisis and Walter 's struggles to contain the damage , I do n't think we 've even seen half of what 's there .
Advertisement
And had I missed it previously , or was this the first time we learned that an Observer told Walter that he could never return Peter to the other universe , a few years after Walter brought Peter over ?
This whole mess is looking more and more like the Observers ' fault .
Oh , and do you think aliens really killed our psychic abilities ?
Maybe that 's the plot of season four !
Advertisement
I think maybe the main difference between Fringe and Lost — and the reason why , ultimately , Fringe has the potential to be something greater — is that Fringe is pulpier and Lost is more literary .
There 's copious amounts of weirdness in Lost , but it 's always submerged in texture , and the personal stories are often used to keep us at arms - length from the heart of the weirdness .
In Fringe , the weirdness is the heart of the show , and all the personal relationships revolve around it unapologetically .
Fringe is less allusive , less full of weird cultural referents , and much more intent on bombarding you with weird science and cool images .
Nobody ever stares at a Flannery O'Connor book on Fringe , that I 've noticed anyway .
Advertisement
But here 's the thing — pulp is the new literature , thanks to writers like Jonathan Lethem and Michael Chabon who 've embraced the pulpy ideas of yore .
And by being so committed to its loopy science fiction premise , Fringe achieves a kind of purity of storytelling that is admirable and bracing .
Walter Bishop shows all the signs of becoming one of literature 's great tragic heroes , a blend of Don Quixote and James Orin Incandenza .
And Walter is so memorable and such a stark character precisely because he exists in a pulp story of alternate universes and molecular ghosting — you could n't remove him from that milieu and have him retain the same resonance .
So yeah , by having fewer literary aspirations , Fringe may actually end up being more literary than Lost .
Check back in a couple years , when we 've all had a chance to rewatch all six seasons of Lost a few times , and Fringe is either soaring or plummeting in its fourth season .
But last night 's episode definitely makes a strong case that Fringe is on its way to becoming the show that Lost has always wanted to be .
Why Book with Trip Ideaz
We want to help you discover how wonderful travel can be .
Whether you travel solo , with a partner , manage a young family , or enjoy the company of friends or an extended family group , our goal is to learn from you how we can create the vacation of your dreams .
Clear Communications
We communicate all information with maximum transparency and honesty to the last detail , and on top of that , we also provide consultancy in choosing your destination depending on your needs .
Read more
Best Deals Guaranteed
Being a customer - driven travel company , we fully understand the desires as well as compulsions of the traveler and take them into account while making travel deals to have maximum fun .
Read more
This week we return to one of our favorite targets : the past .
The Something Awful Forum Goons launched an all - out assault on the sweet and wholesome art and advertising of the 1950s , and the results were quite delicious .
There were so many great entries that I 'm dividing this theme into two parts , with more awesome pictures to follow next week .
It is my sad duty to report that MutantBlue made this , and also got this week 's theme started .
I hardly even recognize Payndz these days .
Loser is a lecherous little man , oft popping out of cornfields to yell profanity at innocent passersby .
Manos del Sino is on his way to a genuine nerd convention .
Some of us may swear our computers have a personality , but we know they 're not really alive .
But a future generation of computing devices may , in fact , have organic components .
Some efforts to develop the future of computing range from photonics to spintronics - based computing , or even utilizing Cell microprocessors which can reportedly clock from 4 to 4.6 GHz with no problem .
Now , a group of researchers from the U.S. and Japan have built a parallel computer made from organic molecules .
In the years to come , your processors might be more organism than machine !
The researchers ' goal is to build a computer processor that can solve problems with a heavier use of hardware than complex software , because excessive software can add time to the processing .
To get closer to their goal they have been trying to mimic the way the human brain acts .
A brain is full of billions of neurons all connected together and working in complex networks to solve problems , often in parallel ( more than one task at a time ) .
The brain also has the ability to learn from its memory -- something all computer processors lack .
By developing a biological processor , the computer may be able to solve complex problems faster from previously learned knowledge ( in memory ) and may be able to solve problems faster due to the added benefit of parallel computing like a brain .
To build their " processor " the researchers deposited two layers of 2 , 3 - dichloro - 5 , 6 - dicyano - p- benzoquinone , also known as DDQ , onto a gold surface .
The team then used a scanning tunneling microscope to encode information into the layers of organic material by transmitting electric pulses through it .
This creates electric circuits between the molecules that can compute .
The team then tested their prototype by successfully simulating phenomenons in nature .
The team hopes to create a truly brain - like computer that will be able to solve a variety of problems just like the human brain , using algae nonetheless .
Since silicon - based processors can only get so small ( 11 nm may be the limit ) , companies like Intel , AMD and IBM will have to take up other horizons - biological computing may be closer than you think !
[ Via IEEE Spectrum ]
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Tom Tomorrow ' Covers ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax , Depicts NYT Public Editor Clark Hoyt as a Weasel "
( 43 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Justin said on 3/2/2010 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
LoL you got your face rearranged today .
You suck and so does your shitty cheap dime blog lol .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
Ah , Justin , I see you 're not one of the sharpest tools in the shed .
The character depicted as the weasel in the cartoon is supposed to be Hoyt , giving his nonsensical explanation to Brad Friedman .
But Brad , I 'd really have liked to see the John Yoo cartoon posted here as well .
Hilarious , yet tragic , do n't you think ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
O’Keefe :
But , one of the things I was one of the things we also wanna do um one of my goals you asked you asked do you know how you wanna do this , I think one of the goals is not only can Eden protect some of these 13 , 14 , 15 year - old girls Theresa ( ACORN ) Yeah .
O’Keefe : coming over from El Salvador .
In addition to protecting them and getting their feet on the ground so that they can you know perform the tricks and you know learn the how LA prostitution scene is I was also wanting to um use some of the this is very lucrative and potentially we can use a lot of the money we ’re getting from the underaged girls from El Salvador and use some of the money for campaign one day . . . .
O’Keefe :
We ’re bringing these girls from overseas .
Hannah ( Eden )
Well , they ’re here .
O’Keefe : But , we are gonna take a part of the profit and I intend to use the profit Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe : From the tricks the girls perform Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe :
To fund my political campaign .
Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
Thanks for posting clips from one of the unauthenticated text transcripts , Patty .
BTW , as a District D.A. , what have you done to authenticate them --- as I 'm sure you 'd do , even as a blogger , before putting any stock in them --- and why do you think O'Keefe and Breitbart refuse to release the unedited videos 6 months later ?
I continue to look forward to your answer .
Also , you 're supporting NYTimes unwillingness to correct completely inaccurate stories now ?
And Breitbart who either lied in his own column , or committed " journalistic malpractice " in publishing those hoax videos ?
If so , why to either of them ?
Thanks in advance for your answers this time !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:45 pm PT ...
" We did not interview the employees captured on video , since we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made .
. . .
Hence , all our knowledge about the videos is largely circumstantial and secondhand . " --- from the report by paid ACORN consultant Scott Harshbarger
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
Patrick , Patrick , Patrick , my perfidious friend .
First you isolate a few words out of a 46 page transcript and reassemble them to paint a misleading picture , and now you quote the former MA AG completely out of context .
Here 's the full quote , including the preceding sentence that you neglected to include : " Appendix D , which stem from interviews of ACORN employees , many of whom did not have direct knowledge of the events but who spoke with the individuals captured on video , or with employees who had been approached by the videographers .
We did not interview the employees captured on video , since we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made . "
You are n't , by chance , a member of the Federalist Society are you ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Ernie -
My friend Patty has a habit of knowingly taking quotes of context , and hiding that context from his readers ( and mine , apparently ) when he 's trying to make a dishonest case .
If ya can't do it legitimately , do it the Patterico way , call 'em lovers of child prostitution , and presume your readers ain't gonna bother to actually check the facts .
That 's all a pretty safe assumption when it comes to Patty 's readers .
Still wondering how he , as the Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney actually bothered to authenticate any of those " unedited audios " that he says prove something or other .
Hopefully his bosses have a somewhat higher threshold for determining " proof " and " evidence " and stuff , but who knows ?
Perhaps they should investigate Patrick Frey , Deputy District Attorney and see what they come up with ?
I 'm sure there 's some damning " unedited audio " out there they could use to get him !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ben Froland said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
I do n't know why you insist on continuing with the weak " pimp hoax " angle .
Patterico is having a field day debunking this .
O’Keefe : coming over from El Salvador .
In addition to protecting them and getting their feet on the ground so that they can you know perform the tricks and you know learn the how LA prostitution scene is I was also wanting to um use some of the this is very lucrative and potentially we can use a lot of the money we ’re getting from the underaged girls from El Salvador and use some of the money for campaign one day Sorry he did n't have a name tag on that said " pimp . "
Please do n't use the " unauthenticated text transcripts " routine .
Or please do .
If that 's your best argument .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
Oh , in trying to keep up with you Patrick , I neglected to pose the response I had to your # 3 .
I 'm curious both you and The New York Times are so concerned about a couple of low level ACORN employees who were entrapped in the accused federal felon 's deceptive " sting , " yet I 've seen not one word from either you or The New York Times about the sworn affidavits of former Blackwater / Xe insiders which not only alleged that Blackwater had engaged in murder , destruction of evidence , weapons smuggling , and corruption but specifically alleged that Blackwater operated a wife - swapping sex ring here in the US , and that , in Iraq , Blackwater had “ young girls provide oral sex to Enterprise members in the ' Blackwater Man Camp ' in exchange for one American dollar . "
Tell me , in your expert opinion , if Blackwater management arranged for young Iraqi girls to provide oral sex to its employees in exchange for $ 1 , does n't that make Blackwater management a gang of pimps ?
Are you aware of any similar allegations in which ACORN 's management ( as opposed to the deceived low level part - time employees who were fired ) did anything remotely similar to that which Blackwater management is accused ?
Are you troubled that Congress has failed to cut off funds for Blackwater , like they 've cut off funds for ACORN ?
Are you even the least bit troubled that O'Keefe and Giles appear to have violated Penal Code 632 or is it that you , like Alberto Gonzales before you , believe that the law should only be enforced against those who do not agree with your political views ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
Ah , here we go , Froland and Patrick have shifted from the Baltimore transcript to the LA transcript .
The entire thrust of Patrick 's challenge at his site pertained to the Baltimore videos , which he posted sans transcripts .
Examination of the Baltimore transcripts reflects that O'Keefe , for 39 of the 46 pages , posed as a college student and Giles ' friend .
He deceptively added the word " we " and " cash " to be used in his " campaign , " and Patrick parsed those few disconnected words and phrases out of a 46 page transcript in order to paint a false picture that his hero , the accused federal felon , posed as a " pimp . "
I have not yet taken the time to scour the L.A. transcript , but now that our deceptive DA has shifted ground , I will soon do so .
As I 'm sure Patrick will concede , we have a jury instruction that a witness who is willfully false in one part of his or her testimony is to be distrusted in others .
And so it will be for me with anything Patrick has to say on this subject unless and until the entire transcripts show otherwise .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
More of Mr. Patterico's sloopy comments ....
Seems Mr. Patterico has a nasty habit of calling people that he does n't agree with liars .
It 's his only defense ... if he disagrees or does n't like an article then you 're just a liar in his book .
His debating skills are really weak ... slinging the epithet liar is his only defense .
I try to read right wing blogs to get some balance ... I will never read Patterico again , he has no credibility .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
Well this is interesting .
Patrick Frey aka Patterico , without providing a link , posted remarks made by O'Keefe presumably at ACORN in LA since it talks about bringing prostitutes to LA .
Here 's two things he left off : First , from the Harshbarger Report : .
" Three of the six videos --- Brooklyn , Los Angeles and Washington , D.C. --- involved only ACORN Housing employees , over which ACORN has no control . "
ACORN Housing is " a separately incorporated organization ( not a subsidiary or affiliate ) with which ACORN contracts for home buyer and foreclosure programs . "
Frey is an attorney , a Deputy DA , so he surely understands the legal significance of the fact that these are two " separate " entities .
Curiously , I did not find a transcript on line for the sting at LA ACORN housing , but I did find this : " But tonight , biggovernment.com offered praise for a worker at an ACORN facility in Los Angeles , saying he refused to bite when they came to the Wilshire Boulevard office with their faux business . "
I would respectfully request , Mr. Frey , that you : 1 . Furnish links to all of the transcripts , and 2 .
Explain why you jumped from the Baltimore transcript which shows that O'Keefe did not pose as a " pimp " at that ACORN office to the L.A. ACORN Housing transcript in which O'Keefe appears to have been much more blunt than in Baltimore --- perhaps , and this is just a supposition , because he was n't getting anywhere with the obtuse approach he 'd applied in Baltimore .
Please also explain why you failed to disclose to the readers of this blog that the ACORN Housing employee essentially told the accused federal felon O'Keefe to stick his little scheme where the sun does n't shine .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
Patrick Frey aka Patterico , without providing a link , posted remarks made by O'Keefe presumably at ACORN in LA since it talks about bringing prostitutes to LA .
San Bernardino , actually .
As you would already know , if you were truly familiar with the source documentation as I am .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:40 pm PT ...
His debating skills are really weak ... slinging the epithet liar is his only defense .
I have a lengthy comment chock full of links and evidence sitting in moderation .
Not that you would pay any attention to it .
But honest people might .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
Oh , I do indeed thank you Pat for revealing the this was the San Bernardino office .
Harshbarger informs us that in the San Bernardino office , the ACORN employee , fearing for her own safety , gave O'Keefe and Giles her own line of B.S. , stating , Harshbarger reports , " she had killed her husband and had previously run an escort service .
In fact , her former husbands are alive . "
As soon as she was rid of them , the employee locked the door .
Of your you knew that since you read the Harshbarger report , but conveniently forgot to mention that when you cited the San Bernardino ACORN sting in you haste to sling mud at Brad .
I guess it 's okay for right wing trolls like O'Keefe and Giles to pretend they 're something their not , but when the victim of their little scheme gives them back some BS we 're supposed to believe every word the victim said .
You once again prove that nothing you write can be relied upon .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/2/2010 @ 11:43 pm PT ...
A few blog posts back , when it became clear that O'G WannaBe never actually went into the ACORN offices wearing Bootsy 's hand me downs ( somewhere near the B - Roll post ) , I made the comment that it was ludicrous to think that someone in the ACORN offices would take that seriously in the first place ... this whole text transcript bullshit smells of the same rotting fish I mean , really ... some skinny white guy whose left nut has n't dropped yet comes in talking about protecting underaged El Salvadoran prostitutes , teaching them how to trick in LA , and using the money for a political campaign ....
So here 's me , listening to this : Right ...
Right ... Right ... Am I on Candid Camera ?
OK , I have some real work to do here , can you please quit wasting my time ?
No , I mean it , quit fuckin ' with me , or I 'm gonna call my cousin Reggie and he 's gonna come beat your stupid ass .
_____
My cousin Reggie is fuckin mean when he wants to be .
Serious .
Does Patterico either expect that anyone would really respond to those kind of outlandish statements in some other manner than " pull the other one " ??
It 's a fucking Python script is what it is .
... this has got to be complete bullshit .
And he 's really an Assistant DA ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/3/2010 @ 12:35 am PT ...
You have n't listened to the full unedited audio of San Bernardino like I have , Ernie , so your recitation of the " facts " is necessarily wanting and misleading .
That woman was in the shit up to her neck .
But I thought we were discussing whether O'Keefe played the role of a pimp .
Are you seriously denying that in San Bernardino ( now that you realize where we 're talking about )
O'Keefe did n't say that he was setting up a house for underage girls to turn tricks and give him the money for his campaign ?
And Soul Rebel : Huh ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/3/2010 @ 12:53 am PT ...
Patterico , do n't strain your Broca & Wernicke .
I 'm in my head , and you 're not .
And that 's a good thing .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 3/3/2010 @ 6:33 am PT ...
Why do people put significance to transcripts of a video whose audio is known to have been edited by a racist with a vendetta against ACORN ?
This is like taking a Chimp 's word about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:32 am PT ...
St. Patty 's Day : Maybe O'Keefe and Breitbart can " sting " the Salvation Army next .
They help poor people !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:33 am PT ...
Soul Rebel @ 16 , Ditto and amen .
The whole purpose of ACORN is to help all those who come in the door .
To troll for a worker who does n't immediately toss out a pair of nutcases , and then use their befuddled politeness to attempt to discredit the organization is a clear hit job .
I wish there were video and audio of what the people at ACORN said to themselves as soon as Breitbart 's rent - a- thugs left .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:34 am PT ...
Let it go , Patty !
The right guy is going to jail and the right people were exonerated .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:35 am PT ...
Oh , forgot to send out this message to Tom Tomorrow : thanks , but do n't you think the weasel looks more respectable than Clark Hoyt ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:35 am PT ...
Patty : the authorities listened to the whole unedited tapes and that 's what exonerated ACORN .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:39 am PT ...
Breaking news !
O'Keefe performed a " sting " on the Salvation Army dressed as a Hobo while out on parole !
( just kidding )
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Weaseldog said on 3/3/2010 @ 7:48 am PT ...
I sent Hoyt a commiserating email .
I pointed out that what you Brad , fail to understand is that a newspaper is a business .
The purpose of a business is to make money .
A newspaper makes money by selling advertising space .
It does this by attracting readers .
It attracts readers by providing entertainment .
And that 's what news is , it 's entertainment .
It 's all about the money .
If facts and truth get in the way of making money , they must be discarded .
I pointed out how in the months leading up to the Iraq war , the NYT posted a lot of fake , false and misleading news stories to sell papers and promote the war .
Because they knew if they could help make the case for war and help start it , they could see a big increase in newspaper sales and profits .
For the NYT , Money is God .
It 's everything .
Truth and integrity are n't worth the paper they are printed on .
I have n't received a reply .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:12 am PT ...
Ah , weaseldog , Clark Hoyt does n't make money from the advertisements .
He makes money from his friends .
But you 're completely right about the relationship between the Times and integrity .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Weaseldog said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:26 am PT ...
Mitch , you 're making an unsavory insinuation , that I rather agree with in this case .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:37 am PT ...
Billy @ # 19 ~ Excellent question .
Has anyone who has seen the raw video corroborated the authenticity of these released transcripts ?
Because all I 've heard is that of those who HAVE , the conclusion is that the video is over - dubbed and blatantly edited to favor the false narrative O'Keefe was seeking to suit his purposes .
Am I missing something ?
Or are we parsing the words of liars who can't stop accusing everyone else of lying ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:40 am PT ...
" Unsavory , " weaseldog , you 've cut me to the quick .
I 'm only proposing that Mr. Hoyt is an American success story in the style of various Supreme Court justices , Senators , Representatives , business titans , etc ... " Unsavory " indeed .
Humphh .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:57 am PT ...
Jeannie Dean @ 29 : Has anyone who has seen the raw video corroborated the authenticity of these released transcripts ?
...
Am I missing something ?
Or are we parsing the words of liars who can't stop accusing everyone else of lying ?
You 're not .
And we are .
Facts are , neither the text transcripts nor the so - caled " unedited audio " have been authenticated by anyone to my knowledge .
Folks seem prepared to simply take the word of known propagandists and liars , an accused felon , someone who was willing to doctor video tape ( and someone who has been accused of doctoring transcripts in the past ) on all of the above .
One would think Patrick " Patterico " Frey , as a Deputy D.A. would know better , and would n't allow him to be played for a chump by Brietbart and O'Keefe , but he has n't minded in the past , amusingly enough .
And he obviously is not interested in the rule of law , or government waste or even child prostitution , but rather a partisan agenda worth lying about if he has to .
What you can be assured , however , is that there is likely nothing more damaging in the actual text transcripts and / or actual unedited audio then what Breitbart / O'Keefe have already deceptively presented .
And , there just ain't much there , as anyone who actually bothers to look at it can attest .
Ernie has been right on the money in his replies here to Patty , but Patty ai n't interested in facts and stuff .
In fact , he twittered last night rather amusingly : Patterico | I am having a good time owning the commenters at @ The BradBlog .
If I so myself , it 's a slaughter .
http://bit.ly/aM3Luf
These folks have really created for themselves a world of delusion , where if they say it , it must be true and they 'll all just agree to agree to that .
If you 've not noticed , that seems to be the entirety of the Right these days .
From " Death Panels " to " reconciliation has never been used for health care reform " to " ACORN stole the election for Barack Obama " .
It 's all both sad and damned dangerous since the pathetic Left could use some actual * legitimate * opposition !
Instead , they get Patty and friends who just make stuff up and convince themselves it has something to do with reality .
The Left gets away with failure and murder , as the Right dithers and breaks the entire system by refusing to act in good faith .
We all end up losing --- big time --- in the bargain .
Those who can least afford the perfidy , of course --- like those who will no longer be helped by ACORN , or those who have no health care , or those who are forced to fight in unnecessary wars , or drown in the waters of Katrina --- are , as usual , the first and worst victims of this madness .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Weaseldog said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:57 am PT ...
Jeannie Dean , I have n't seen the original uncut videos .
I did try to watch one of the publically released videos .
I assume that I was watching one of them as O'Keefe released it .
It was badly overdubbed and narrated .
In only a few minutes it was clear to me that it was a bad hatchet job .
If ACORN had really done as O'Keefe alleged , then the over dubbing and explanations to stretch the point would 've been unnecessary .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... mr.ed said on 3/3/2010 @ 8:59 am PT ...
You can take Hoyt out of the South , but you can't take the South out of Hoyt .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/3/2010 @ 12:34 pm PT ...
@ BradFriedman # 31 and remember that the right wing spin macine agenda in a situation like this is to swamp the information stream with crap , so the truth will be blurred and buried within the mass of conflicting confusion .
Remember how they handled the AWOL memos and Dan Rather .
A bunch of BS was thrown out there that obliterated the real truth --- that GWB was AWOL and a privileged son who got special treatment and entry into the champaign unit .
They make it about side issues , about process , or about semantics , and the TRUTH is obscured .
In this specific case , a RWNJ went after a very important and legitimate organization that has done massive service to the poor ( who are , by coincidence of class , Democratic voters predominantly , WHEN they vote at all ) and the New York Times , other MSM , and the U.S. Congress hypocritically ( see BF 's reference to Xo / Blackwater crimes ) killed the organization with an illegal act against them .
The truth is the truth , and right wing nut jobs should be forced to make their arguments on THEIR blogs , not ours .
It 's not about censorship , it 's about STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR and TRUTH .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... JPP said on 3/3/2010 @ 2:24 pm PT ...
The NYT Senior Editor for Standards , Greg Brock , offered : " If there is a correction to be made , it seems it would start with Mr. O'Keefe himself .
We believe him . "
That 's the NYT we come to know and loathe : haven for criminals , would be criminals , wannabe criminals and protectors of criminals .
Whatever would we do without this bastion of the " elite liberal media " ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... karlof1 said on 3/3/2010 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
Brad @ 31 --" The Left gets away with failure and murder ... "
I assume you mean the Democrat Party , which is certainly not " The Left . "
Within my historical knowledge , the best The Left was able to attain in terms of political power within the United States was the " Sewer Socialism " government of Milwaukee and its long series of Socialist mayors that ended in 1960 .
The USA has never had a Left president .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/3/2010 @ 6:21 pm PT ...
Re Patterico # 17 Trying to debate this Deputy DA from LA is like trying to nail Jello to the wall .
For those interested , see my comment that I posted elsewhere .
Patterico , aka Patrick Frey , knows full well that I challenged him after he reneged on a promise to pay Buehlert $ 100 if it could be proven that O'Keefe did not represent himself to be a pimp at the Baltimore ACORN .
The transcripts of that sting prove that O'Keefe did not " pose as a pimp " at the Baltimore ACORN , so Frey , like shifting sand , scrolls over to the Brooklyn ACORN housing sting on one thread and the San Bernardino sting on another .
I will soon be posting an article which examines the hard - right ACORN smear machine , in all its ugliness , and places this latest " sting " within the right wing noise machine 's totalitarian assault on democracy .
Stay tuned .
In the mean time , after perusing the linked comment , I suspect that any fair - minded person will reach the conclusion that our Patterico has no credibility whatsoever .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... nelson davis said on 3/3/2010 @ 6:30 pm PT ...
Hey , the Senior@NYTimes.com address bounces back , user unknown .
I just canceled my subscription ( after 40 years ) .
[ Ed Note : The correct address for Greg Brock is SeniorEditor@NYTimes.com .
My typo in listing it as Senior@ ...
Have corrected it above .
- BF ]
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/4/2010 @ 7:35 am PT ...
Speaking of what 's ethical , is n't there a unethical conflict of interest with Patterico , an attorney - a Deputy D.A. , openly defending O'Keefe ?
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Joe said on 3/4/2010 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
George Bush got high on coke and flew planes for the National Guard .
Geez people , that does n't mean he did them at the same time !
Is n't that obvious ?
( not to me ...)
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/4/2010 @ 2:28 pm PT ...
Joe @ 40 , I understand the point you 're making , but this may not be the best example .
You 're looking for an example where both sides of the " AND " probably did n't happen simultaneously .
How 's this : Clark Hoyt finished off his once - great newspaper AND Judith Miller thanked him for the help .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/4/2010 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
Patterico , aka Patrick Frey , knows full well that I challenged him after he reneged on a promise to pay Buehlert $ 100 if it could be proven that O'Keefe did not represent himself to be a pimp at the Baltimore ACORN .
I reneged on nothing because I never made any such promise .
And you know this because I already told you .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/4/2010 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
Americans for Tax Reform ( ATR ) catches President Obama tweaking his campaign pledge not to raise taxes on households earning less than $ 250,000 a year so that it conforms to his actions after taking office .
In his weekly radio address on Saturday , Obama said :
One thing we have not done is raise income taxes on families making less than $ 250,000 .
That 's another promise we 've kept .
Except that was n't the promise he made .
Here is what he said on September 12 , 2008 , in Dover , New Hampshire ( emphasis added ) :
I can make a firm pledge : Under my plan , no family making less than $ 250,000 will see their taxes increase — not your income taxes , not your payroll taxes , not your capital gains taxes , not any of your taxes .
Not a lot of wiggle room there .
Obama broke this promise barely two weeks into his presidency by signing a bill that included a 156 - percent increase in the federal cigarette tax , which not only hits the nonwealthy but is one of the most regressive taxes around .
By ATR 's count , the health care bill Obama signed last month includes another seven tax hikes that affect the under - $ 250,000 - a- year crowd .
In fact , since four of these changes will increase people 's income tax bills , they violate even the edited version of Obama 's pledge that he presented on Saturday .
For example , as Peter Suderman noted last week , the law raises the threshold for deducting medical expenses from 7.5 percent of income to 10 percent .
As a result , people with substantial medical expenses will pay more income tax .
But as I noted in a column last November , " When the president does it , it 's not a tax . "
Even though the Washington Redskins have added Larry Johnson and Willie Parker to a backfield that includes Clinton Portis , the team has invited Brian Westbrook for a visit on Wednesday , according to sources .
Westbrook comes highly recommended by his former Eagles teammate , Redskins quarterback Donovan McNabb , who apparently has made his case for the running back since McNabb was acquired by Washington in a trade , a source said .
Westbrook , who was released by the Eagles in February , has passed a physical with the St. Louis Rams , where he also has a familiarity with offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur , a former Eagles assistant .
Westbrook 's ailments that have passed physical screenings include knee and ankle injuries , as well as multiple concussions .
The Redskins have the first organized team activity May 17 - 19 ; their level of interest in Westbrook is unknown .
Dialogue between the two sides has been ongoing .
Chris Mortensen is ESPN 's senior NFL analyst .
While completely unconfirmed and unsubstantiated , the following rumor popped up today right here on Welcome To Now .
I received this comment from a reader in response to previous rumors posted here about Phish ’s 2010 Summer Tour plans :
“ Just confirmed permits have been submitted for Loring Airforce Base Limestone ME . Late Aug .
27/28/29 .
The town is already asking for volunteers from the towns folk for a large 3 day concert .
Hummmmm ..
I wonder who that could be ! ”
Any other heads out there here similar rumblings out of Limestone ?
While this is certainly late in the season for a summer festival announcement , recent news that Phish will NOT return to Indio in 2010 does make this scenario more likely .
It ’s an ill wind that blows nobody good , and the crisis in Greece is making some people — people who opposed health care reform and are itching for an excuse to dismantle Social Security — very , very happy .
Everywhere you look there are editorials and commentaries , some posing as objective reporting , asserting that Greece today will be America tomorrow unless we abandon all that nonsense about taking care of those in need .
The truth , however , is that America is n’t Greece — and , in any case , the message from Greece is n’t what these people would have you believe .
So , how do America and Greece compare ?
Both nations have lately been running large budget deficits , roughly comparable as a percentage of G.D.P.
Markets , however , treat them very differently :
The interest rate on Greek government bonds is more than twice the rate on U.S. bonds , because investors see a high risk that Greece will eventually default on its debt , while seeing virtually no risk that America will do the same .
Why ?
One answer is that we have a much lower level of debt — the amount we already owe , as opposed to new borrowing — relative to G.D.P .
True , our debt should have been even lower .
We ’d be better positioned to deal with the current emergency if so much money had n’t been squandered on tax cuts for the rich and an unfunded war .
But we still entered the crisis in much better shape than the Greeks .
In another brilliant investigative report from the Annals of Improbable Research , we find Jesus lurking in . . . a functional magnetic resonance image of a lung ?
Advertisement
Images from a thoracic spine examination by Christopher Vittore and Kevin Tribble , radiologists in Rockford , Ilinois and clinical assistant professors at University of Illinois College of Medicine .
MRI technologist , Deb Savala assisted with the technical data .
This was performed on an open MRI machine , a General Electric Signa 0.35 Tesla MRI scanner .
( Details : 40 x 40 cm field of view , sagital plane , frequency 256 , phase 128 , image slice thickness 5 mm with 2 mm skip interval , no phase wrap . )
[ via AIR 16:1 ]
This post originally appeared on the AIR blog .
Posted on by Rob
Jean Pain was a visionary in the Provence region of France during the 1970’s .
He was charged with protecting over a thousand of acres of woodland from fire , but his quick and able mind , love of life long learning , and a deep concern for the future of our Earth led him to accomplish something much more indeed .
Jean Pain spent a decade working through the techniques of a fantastic system to use the ever renewable waste brush from his woods into life giving humus .
But then Jean took it to a entirely new level – he began to heat water in his compost piles , enough that he heated greenhouses and his own home .
Never content to sit on his laurels , he then began studying up on methane production - and he put a batch methane digester into his piles to use the “ waste ” heat from the bio-reactions to provide the ideal environment for methane production .
Before he died , his techniques had reached a level that he was able to produce methane and hot water for up to 18 months – enough for two winters – while also powering his truck , cooking , and producing electricity with the methane gas .
My favorite part ?
No special machines , just a deep understanding of Permaculture before the word was even coined .
Partner with Nature to meet your needs .
Jean Pain was a visionary , but his techniques , if anything , are too simple .
Let me explain .
They are not sexy at all .
Try writing for a grant to heat water with rotting garbage while going up against a Solar Hot Water array or a wind turbine , let alone algal biodiesel or whatever comes next .
Compost heat does n’t create jobs ; does n’t need research studies and cannot be outsourced so it has no place in the Global Economy .
Know what ?
Neither do I .
Jean Pain is a hero of mine for doing something that no one cared about because he knew it was just so very right and would be necessary to help save us from ourselves .
I read an awesome quote this week that pushed me over .
The time has come to do Epic Shit . ” - Larry Santoyo , Permaculturist
Right f/king on Santoyo !
Let ’s do this !
Last week I scored a dump truck load of VERY green chipped mulch .
The rest is now history .
This project is going from drawing board to reality far quicker than I typically work , in fact the next step is typically being formulated as I am driving the wheelbarrow on the step I am currently on .
I knew I was going to do it at my home – that meant keeping it tight on space , visually acceptable , and must fit into the current plan .
Finally , it was to be a temporary structure – 6 months at most .
So I ended up with a 12×10 foot print using straw bales to contain the mulch .
Why Straw ?
It has structural rigidity , is a great insulator , but also breathes .
The 16 ″ thick bales would contain the pile into tight angular dimensions and keep the dogs and kids from knocking the pile down .
The insulation would help me get away with only a 2 ′ thick compost layer around rather than the 3 ′
I would have preferred if I had more space and material .
The following with be a pictorial journey through the afternoon today – with the help of my friend Kevin , we completed this in about 4 hours .
First I prepped the ground by removing a perennial bed that had succumbed to quack grass .
I chopped the ground up with a mattock as much because the quack needed punishing , but also because a mattock is possibly my favorite tool to use of all time .
Then leveled it with some old wood chips to make it look pretty .
Next up was to lay down some temporary weed barrier for the quack , and start building the sides .
Gods do I love to build with straw – so fast !
Next up was to throw some mulch down to hold the cardboard pallet slips down , and then put the two steel 55 gallon drums in place .
The drums will act as the batch digesters .
With the digesters in place , it was time to put in the heat exchanger .
Compost will heat up ALOT .
The material for this project was at 140 degrees 3 days ago before we broke down the pile to soak it .
Methane production occurs between 85 and about 103 degree .
Over about 105 the bacteria start to die off , 101 is about peak production .
Jean Pain figured out that you needed to cool the digerster tanks , so he pumped water through a hose wrapped around the tanks .
So I bought 240′ to augment the one hose I could spare .
After cooling the tanks , the hose is then laid out throughout the pile to absorb some of the heat from the composting , so the exit water is up to pile temp , typically 130 - 150 degrees !
The hose is essential to pull the heat from the pile , and it takes a 60 ′ hose laid out like this to make one lap of the composting layout .
I did absolutely no math on this point , the hoses come in 60 ′ chunks and we laid them out to make one fit per layer .
I figured 6 - 8 ″ between layers should be enough to both heat the water in the hoses , but not too little that the water pulls so much heat that the bio-reaction is slowed .
Time will tell is my intuition was off .
Here we are about 75 % done , laying the fourth and final “ rung ” of heat exchanger :
That is about as far as we got today .
I ran out of mulch about half way through the next layer .
I will finish the pile alternating leaves and grass clippings .
Would like it to be mounded over the top of the digesters about 8 ″ and will then cap the entire pile with either straw or mulch for insulation and to prevent evaporation .
Some items that maynot be evident in the photos .
The heat echanger is set up counterflow .
That means that the coldest water enters at the top of the barrels - which is where the slurry should be warmest , and then runs through the 290′ of hose around the digesters .
At that point it is at the bottom of the pile , at which point it climbs 4 “ rungs ” of 60 ′ hose laid out about every 8 ″ through the pile .
Total hose length is 530′ for no reason other than that was what it took to do the above and “ make it look right ” – no fancy math here , just intution .
Still have some very serious issues to overcome on how to store the methane , and some minor ones on plumbing the tubing .
I am good friends with the head of our village ’s waste treatment plant and he is keen to see this project work .
Had him over for a beer as I put the last of the mulch on , we have some ideas that appear workable .
We do have some time – it will take about a week for the pile to hit peak temp and a few more days to heat the water in the drums .
Then we add the slurry , plumb in some tubing to take away the methane , start taking temp readings , and put up the “ No Smoking ! ” signs .
“ The time has come to do Epic Shit ! ”
Help fund the Methane Midden : Pledge to my Kickstarter project !
Be the Change !
- Rob
Rate this :
Share this :
Share
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Activism , CSE , Energy Descent , How To's , Jean Pain Methane Compost , Methane Midden , Permaculture , sustainability |
“ We were using one of the country ’s largest marketing agencies for our web banners .
Since transferring the process to Tangence , we have been pleasantly surprised with the quality and speed of their creative execution .
We could not be more pleased with Tangence . ” VP of Marketing , Oracle
“ Your team , once again , did a fantastic job on the recent email program .
Minimal revisions and I also appreciate the quick turnaround .
The Tangence team did an awesome job ! ” Global Marketing Manager , Evans Consoles
“ The work you ’ve done on the Sales Kick - Off materials and the multiple collateral pieces have been very well received , have required little to no edits , and were delivered under very short turn times .
Tangence has been an immense help during a peak period for us . ”
Marketing Programs Manager , LSI
“ Thanks to your entire team for all of the hard work – I really appreciate your patience and help !
In terms of hitting that “ 80 % ” perfect mark for our new website launch , we nailed it and more ! ” Product Marketing Manager , Actiance
“ We have been very impressed with the quality and diversity of content design shown to us .
An added bonus has been the speed with which the work has been done ” Director , Learning and Development , First American Corporation
Image caption Akatsuki will try to find active volcanoes on Venus
Japan has had to postpone the launch of its Akatsuki mission to Venus .
Poor weather at the Tanegashima spaceport early on Tuesday morning ( local time ) prevented the probe from leaving Earth on its H - IIA rocket .
Mission controllers have a window that stretches into early June to get Akatsuki away and on to its six - month cruise to the inner world .
Having studied the forecasts , they will now target a launch at 0658 on Friday local time ( 2158 GMT Thursday ) .
The H-IIA vehicle will also deploy a number of piggy - back experiments , including a small satellite to practise the technique of sailing on sunlight .
Once Akatsuki gets to Venus , it will study the planet 's atmosphere and hunt for signs of lightning and active volcanoes .
It will be joining a probe from the European Space Agency that arrived at the planet in 2006 .
Planetary comparisons
Venus is almost identical in size to our planet , and is thought to have a similar composition .
But there the resemblance ends .
A dense , largely carbon dioxide , atmosphere acts as a blanket , trapping incoming solar radiation to heat the planet 's surface to an average temperature of 460C ( 860 F ) .
Surface pressure is about 90 times that on Earth .
Several Soviet probes sent to Venus in the 1960s were crushed as they approached the surface .
By studying this hostile world , scientists hope to understand better how a warming future on our own planet might evolve .
" Although Venus is believed to have formed under similar conditions to Earth , it is a completely different world from our planet with extremely high temperatures due to the greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide and a super rotating atmosphere blanketed by thick clouds of sulphuric acid , " explained Takeshi Imamura , Akatsuki 's project scientist .
" Using [ Akatsuki ] to investigate the atmosphere of Venus and comparing it with that of Earth , we hope to learn more about the factors determining planetary environments . "
Volcano hunt
The thick Venusian atmosphere is opaque to instruments that operate at visible wavelengths and so the Japanese probe carries five cameras that are sensitive in the infrared and ultraviolet parts of the electromagnetic spectrum .
This instrument suite will enable scientists to investigate the clouds layer by layer .
AKATSUKI ( ' DAWN ' ) VENUS ORBITER
Will study atmosphere and surface
Size : 1.0 m by 1.4 m by 1.4m
Mass at lift - off : About 500kg
5 cameras ; 1 radio experiment
Designed for 4.5 - year life
Will sit in 300 km by 80,000 km orbit
The Japanese team wants to get a better understanding of why Venusian weather systems moves so swiftly .
" On Venus , a high - speed wind called super - rotation is blowing all over the planet , in the direction of planetary rotation , with a velocity reaching 400 km per hour at an altitude of around 60 km from the surface , " explained Dr Imamura .
" This wind blows 60 times faster than the planet 's rotation , which is very slow ( one full rotation takes 243 Earth days ) .
Akatsuki will investigate why this mysterious phenomenon occurs .
Another objective is to study the formation of the thick sulphuric acid clouds that envelop Venus , and to detect lightning on the planet . "
Infrared sensitivity can also be used to study surface composition .
Akatsuki will use this capability to try to find active volcanoes .
Europe 's Venus Express probe recently found lava flows that could have been younger than 250,000 years old .
Solar ' yacht '
Akatsuki's H-IIA rocket carries with it five much smaller satellites , some weighing just a few kilos .
A lot of interest has centred on a solar sail project called Ikaros ( Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation Of the Sun ) .
Image caption
An artist 's impression of how Ikaros will look in space
This 320kg , 1.8 m - wide , disc - shaped spacecraft will deploy an ultra - thin , ultra - light , membrane .
The pressure of sunlight falling on this structure should drive the disc out to Venus behind Akatsuki .
This type of " solar sailing " technique has long been touted as a means of moving spacecraft around the Solar System , or even just helping conventional satellites to maintain their orbits more efficiently .
The large sail ( 14 m along the square ) will also incorporate solar cells to generate power .
The mission team will be watching to see if Ikaros produces a measurable acceleration , and how well its systems are able to steer the craft towards Venus .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Neg -Hits
by Sir Chancealot
There has been , and will continue to be , great interest in neg - hits .
A successful DJ will always be cognizant of the fact that neg - hits are an integral part of his repertoire .
Why is this ?
Because neg - hits work , and they work wonderfully well when used correctly .
Used incorrectly , the women will hate you .
" What exactly is a neg - hit " you ask ?
Neg - hit is short for negative hit .
Many DJs have given great examples of neg - hits , but I shall give you an actual definition .
Neg -hit : A remark , sometimes humorous , used to point out a woman 's flaws .
That , in essence , is a neg - hit .
Before we begin our in - depth study of neg - hits , let 's learn what a neg - hit IS NOT .
a ) A neg - hit is NOT an insult .
" You are a bitch " is merely an insult , not a neg - hit . b)
A neg - hit is NOT meant to be cruel .
" You are too fat for me " is not a neg - hit ; it is being unnecessarily cruel .
c)
And finally , and perhaps most importantly , a neg - hit is NOT some magic spell that you can speak and have women fall all over you .
But it 's the closest thing you will get to that !
Ok , so now that we know what a neg - hit ISN'T , let us proceed to find out what a neg - hit IS .
Remember that a neg - hit is a remark , sometimes humorous , used to point out a woman 's flaws .
a ) A neg - hit IS used to penetrate a woman 's bitch shield .
b)
A neg - hit IS used to bring a woman down off her self - imposed pedestal .
c)
A neg - hit is SINCERE .
Women can spot phony a mile away .
d)
And most importantly , a neg - hit IS used to bring a woman 's self perception more into line with reality .
Now that you know what a neg - hit is and is n't , let 's discuss upon whom you should deliver a neg - hit .
A neg - hit can be safely used on a 9.5 or 10 who KNOWS she ranks that high .
A neg - hit can also be safely used on any girl who THINKS she is a 9 or 10 , even if she is actually a 6 or a 7 ( these are usually " daddy 's girls " ) .
Do n't use a neg - hit on either of these types of women if they are feeling particularly bad about themselves that day .
They may just hate you for it .
The effect of a good neg - hit on a woman 's psyche is something to behold .
It does 4 things simultaneously .
1 ) Since those high quality women are used to men kissing their ass , it will confuse them .
" This guy is n't falling all over me like a puppy dog .
Why is that ?
Is my ( whatever flaw ) really that bad ? "
It throws them off balance and makes them self - conscious .
2 ) It will pique their curiosity about you , and you become something of a mystery .
" Why is n't this guy acting like every other AFC ( Average Frustrated Chump ) I meet ?
How come my looks have n't immediately charmed him ?
What is up with this guy ? "
3 ) It will create a challenge .
" This guy must have REALLY high standards .
I do n't think he likes me .
Everyone else likes me .
I MUST get him to like me ! "
4 ) It lets her know that you do n't think she is anything special based on her looks alone .
" He is n't amazed by how I look ?
Why ?
* GASP * Am I in the presence of a REAL man ?
Oh , I think my panties are wet ! "
After the neg - hit , watch her eyes .
You will see her go " Hey ! "
And then you will actually SEE her run through all 4 of those stages mentioned above .
It really is amazing .
With a few well - placed comments , you have created all the things that DJs strive so hard to create , and you have appeared to do it effortlessly .
When delivering a neg - hit on a woman , everything AFC in you will scream , " Do n't do it !
She will hate me for it !
She will get upset !
It will piss her off ! "
Bitch slap that little AFC , and send him to his room .
If you have never used neg - hits before , you are in for a real treat , and some surprises .
Do n't listen to that little voice : be bold , confident , and casual , and SINCERE .
It will be worth it .
Neg -hits can be delivered in one of two ways .
One way is to deliver it straight , without any indication that you are joking or playing .
This works best on girls who are extremely stuck up about some aspect of themselves .
For example , I was at a bar and this really hot 21 - year - old chick ended up showing the bartender and I her tits .
Since all the other guys were freaking out and I was not responding , she slid over to me and said , " What did YOU think of them ? "
I look her in the eyes , looked at her tits , looked her back in the eyes and said , " They 're nice , but I 've seen better " , then turned back to my drink .
Her interest level shot through the roof !
Girls who just have their bitch shield up , or the girls that think they are hotter than they really are , get the second delivery -- which is in a humorous way .
You deliver the neg - hit with humor and laughter .
This says to her , " Yes , I am aware of your flaw , but I think it 's cute . "
This also says to her " You are not as perfect as all these AFCs think you are . "
There are three main groups ( for lack of a better term ) around which you will neg - hit .
The first is her choices ( choice of dress , hair style , makeup , etc ) .
The second is her physical characteristics .
Included in this is how she moves / speaks / eats / etc .
Third ( very rare and hard to accomplish ) is her actions ( how she treats someone , manners , etc. ) .
1 ) Choice neg - hits can be used as opening " lines " , or can be used during a conversation .
Examples of Choice Neg - Hits :
+ " Hey , I like that outfit .
** pause for her response **
Yeah , my ( mother / aunt / grandmother ) has one just like it ! "
This one is a classic . +
" You have a very pretty face , but you should use less makeup .
Makeup should be used to enhance a woman 's beauty , not hide it . " +
" You have really beautiful hair .
** pause **
You should grow it ( shorter / longer ) .
It would go much better with the shape of your face . " +
" That outfit is really sharp .
** pause **
It would look much better if it were ( some other color ) . " +
" Nice outfit ! ** pause ** I saw another woman here wearing the exact same thing ! "
Women HATE this .
( Personally , if a guy was wearing the same thing as me , I 'd just think he had good taste . ) +
" Have you highlighted your hair ?
** pause for her response **
Why do women ruin their luxurious hair with highlights ? " +
" You have very pretty ( blue / brown / black / green / hazel ) eyes .
** pause **
You should n't use ( so much / so little ) eye shadow .
It detracts from the color of your eyes . "
I hope the above examples of " choice " neg - hits give you a basis to get started .
Use your imagination when coming up with these .
With practice , they should get easier .
Also , I cannot stress the importance of BEING SINCERE .
If you think her hair is perfect , do n't use a hair neg - hit .
2 ) Physical trait neg - hits are best delivered in a humorous way , unless the woman is EXTREMELY hot or stuck up .
Remember , you are pointing out flaws , but only because you think it 's CUTE .
Do n't just walk up and use these as openers .
You should already have a conversation going when using these neg - hits .
You MUST use humor with these neg - hits , on all except the most hot or stuck up chicks , because otherwise you just sound like an ass .
Examples of Physical Trait Neg - Hits :
+ " Do you know your nose wiggles when you ( talk / laugh / drink ) ? " +
" You have little crinkles around your eyes when you laugh . " +
" Hey , you 've got a little bit of a mustache ! "
Yes , I 've successfully used this one .
If you look close enough , ALL women have a little bit of hair on their top lip .
Some are more noticeable than others , but they all have it .
It is best used if you lean in real close ( almost like a kiss ) while looking at her lips , then laugh and lean back .
She will ask you what is so funny . +
" I like women with weak / strong chins . "
( Her mind : " He thinks I have a weak / strong chin ?
Is a weak / strong chin good or bad ?
Do most men prefer weak / strong chins ? " ) +
" You have really long / short fingers .
Most guys prefer a woman with short / long fingers . "
Note how you did n't mention YOUR preference , merely " most men . "
These will leave her guessing as to which you prefer .
As we all know , any time she is thinking about YOU , it 's a good thing ! +
" An attractive girl like you should take better care of her nails . " +
" You have a weird sense of humor . " +
" It 's kind of rude to chew with your mouth open . " +
" Ewwww !
You just spit on me ! " ( said while she is talking , and you are brushing off the front of your shirt ) .
+
" Please do n't interrupt me while I am speaking . "
Girls often do this unconsciously .
Have you ever sat around and REALLY paid attention to a bunch of girls talking ? +
" Do you use a conditioner for split - ends ? " +
" You have a really big / small / weird nose ! " +
If she mentions she has a big butt or looks fat ( called " fishing for a compliment " , because she is trying to get you to compliment her ) , say " Nah , Sir Mix - A - Lot ( or Puff Daddy ) would love a butt like that ! "
Notice that you told her what someone else would think of her butt , but ( no pun intended ) you have n't told her what YOU think of it .
Ok , that should give you some examples on physical trait neg - hitting .
Use your imagination .
Remember , it is VERY easy to sound cruel when saying these types of things , so use humor .
You 're pointing it out because you think it 's " cute " ( awwwwww ! ) , not because you are being mean or cruel .
This will be translated by the girl to the following internal conversation " He thinks my < somebodypart > is < somecharacteristic >?
No one has ever told me that .
But he thinks it 's cute .
Do other guys think like him ?
I certainly do n't think he is like other guys !
Is my < somebodypart > REALLY < somecharacteristic >? "
Notice how many times YOU were brought up in that internal conversation , which happens in a blink of the eye ?
3 ) The last type of neg - hit , the " Action " neg - hit , is the most difficult to pull off without sounding like a pompous prick .
It is best reserved for girls that shoot you down before you even get a chance to talk with them .
You know the ones that I am talking about .
You walk up and say " Hi " and they give you a shitty look , or say " I 'm not interested " right away .
Those types of women .
Although you can get away with these types of neg - hits on any stuck up girl .
This is basically calling a woman on her bullshit when you do n't even know her .
Examples of Action Neg - Hits :
+ If you go up to talk to a woman , and she shoots you down before you even speak to her : " Hey lady , ** laugh * * all I wanted to do was to ask you for the ashtray / salt / ketchup / time / whatever .
** laugh again , start to walk away , then say ** I 'll be right over here when you want to apologize . "
( Notice , not " if " but " when " ) .
Walk away laughing .
Every time you catch her looking your way , laugh her way .
+
" You know , it is really unbecoming for a woman like yourself to be so snobbish . " +
" You behaved very rudely .
Were n't you taught proper manners ? "
This is best used if you overhear her interaction with someone else , and she WAS behaving rudely .
+
When she says something totally ludicrous ( " I really like nice guys " , etc . )
" You are SO full of shit ! "
Guys , watch the deer - caught - in - the - headlights look !
It 's hilarious .
She 'll not have a response for this .
This is my all time favorite !
Be prepared to explain why you thought so , because when she recovers her composure she will most certainly ask for an explanation . +
If she cusses a lot , " Do you know how unattractive it is when a woman speaks like that ? " +
" Please be a little more considerate where you are blowing your smoke . " +
Correct her grammar .
( Especially difficult to pull off without sounding pompous . )
Now , if you are new to being a DJ , I can see what your little minds are thinking .
Is he kidding ?
Those examples are soooo cheesy !
My God , what dumbass woman would fall for those ?
There 's NO WAY those things will work !
These women will think I 'm a stupid asshole !
How'd I do ?
Yes , I DO mean to tell you that those lines work , and work wonderfully well .
Now , bitch - slap the AFC side of you that said that , and tell him to go have a long conversation with your feminine side !
You do n't want to hear anymore of his bullshit !
NO MATTER IF HUMOR IS USED OR NOT , ALWAYS DELIVER THE NEG - HIT WITH THE UTMOST SUPREME CONFIDENCE !
A neg - hit without confidence is like going bear hunting with an unloaded rifle .
You may think it 's cool , but you 'll get your ass chewed up !
Neg -hits work because you quickly and effortlessly take a woman down from her pedestal .
You show her you are in control , you have a quick wit and mind , and that she does n't impress you .
In other words , YOU ARE EXACTLY THE OPPOSITE OF ALL THE CHUMPS THAT HAVE BEEN HITTING ON HER .
After the neg - hit , be prepared for her to neg - hit you back !
Sometime later in the conversation , she will tease you about some trait you have , or something you said .
You must shoot some smartass comment right back at her .
This , in effect , is a test .
Pass this test and you will have gotten a LOT farther than you would have otherwise .
You will find out that while you still have to do all the rest of the DJ moves , you have a greater latitude for screw - ups than you would have otherwise had .
One word of warning : Do n't ever tell her ( or any woman for that matter ) that you have / are / going to neg - hit her .
For that matter , do n't even discuss what a neg - hit actually is with a woman .
They will swear that neg - hits " would never work on me . "
Yeah , sure honey .
Newbies , what 's the first rule of women ?
Never listen to what they say , always look at their actions .
CRIME Print This Ex-EPA Officials : Why Is n't BP Under Criminal Investigation ?
By Jason Leopold Truthout
That 's the question several former Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) officials have been asking in the aftermath of the catastrophic explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig last month that killed 11 employees and ruptured a newly drilled well 5,000 feet below the surface and has spewed tens of millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf if Mexico , which now stands as the largest spill in US history .
Like previous BP - related disasters in Alaska and Texas , evidence has emerged that appears to show BP knowingly cut corners on maintenance and safety on Deepwater Horizon 's operations , which , according to blogger bmaz , who writes about legal issues at Emptywheel , could amount to criminal violations of the Clean Water Act .
Additionally , because people were killed , BP and company officials could also face prosecution for negligent and reckless homicide .
Scott West , the former special agent - in - charge at the EPA 's Criminal Investigation Division , who spent more than a year probing allegations that BP committed crimes in connection with a massive oil spill on Alaska 's North Slope in 2006 , said the company 's prior felony and misdemeanor convictions should have immediately " raised red flags " and resulted in a federal criminal investigation .
" If the company behind this disaster was Texaco or Chevron I would have likely waited a couple of days before I started to talking to people , " West said .
" And the reason for that is those corporations do not enjoy the current criminal history that BP does . "
West , who Truthout profiled in an investigative report last week about the Bush administration 's apparent scuttling of West 's criminal probe into BP in 2007 , was harshly critical of the way the disaster has been handled by the government .
He said in an interview that BP and the oil conglomerate 's executives are " known as liars " and the fact that the government has treated " and continues " to treat the company with kid gloves is " outrageous . "
" BP is a convicted serial environmental criminal , " West said .
" So , where are the criminal investigators ?
The well head is a crime scene and yet the potential criminals are in charge of that crime scene .
Have we learned nothing from this company 's past behavior ? "
Bob Wojnicz , a former EPA special agent who conducted criminal investigations into the Olympic Pipeline explosion in Bellingham , Washington , in 1999 and worked with West probing the oil spill in Alaska that resulted from a severely corroded pipeline , agreed .
In the case of the Olympic pipeline explosion , which killed three children , Wojnicz said the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) , one of the agencies involved in the investigation , treated it " like an accident . "
But EPA " got involved right away and we looked at the incident and found apparent crimes and were able to make recommendations for charges .
You can't really get to that point unless you have preliminary criminal investigation into what happened . "
" So how Is BP somehow above being treated like any other criminal suspect ? " asked Wojnicz , who is also an attorney .
" Recall that they are not just criminal suspects - they are convicted criminals still on federal probation .
This whole affair needs to be aired out thoroughly .
There is more than enough information available to justify initiating a criminal investigation .
The fact that this has not yet happened is evidence of either gross incompetence by government officials or complicity by those officials in covering - up the true nature of BP 's conduct .
Either of those possibilities is completely unacceptable and should be dealt with immediately and harshly . "
West said the EPA , along with , perhaps , the FBI , would be one of the agencies to lead a criminal probe because of possible criminal violations of the Clean Water Act .
" At the end of the day if it turned out to be a God- awful accident then you go home , " West said .
" But everything is lost by waiting . "
Attorneys Dispatched On Wednesday , however , BP's Chief Executive Tony Hayward said he had not been informed that BP is the subject of a criminal investigation .
Tracy Russo , a Justice Department spokeswoman , told Truthout that she could not comment on specific questions about whether or not a criminal probe has been launched .
But in a letter sent Tuesday to Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - California ) , the chairman of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works , Assistant Attorney General Ronald Welch appears to confirm that the incident is still being treated by the government as a civil matter .
Boxer and six other senators who are members of the Environment and Public Works panel wrote to Attorney General Eric Holder May 17 requesting that he launch a " inquiry " to determine whether BP lied to the federal government about whether it could adequately respond to oil spills in the Gulf .
The senators ' letter cited a February 2009 document BP sent to federal regulators that said , " in the event of an unanticipated blowout resulting in an oil spill , it is unlikely to have an impact based on the industry wide standards for using proven equipment and technology for such responses , implementation of BP 's Regional Oil Spill Response Plan which address available equipment and personnel , techniques for containment and recovery and removal of the oil spill . "
But on May 10 , BP released a statement that said the " techniques being attempted or evaluated to contain the flow of oil on the seabed involve significant uncertainties because they have not been tested in these conditions before . "
The company has also been accused of publicly lying about the volume of oil that began gushing out of the deep sea well , which government geologists now estimate could be five times higher than BP 's own assessment .
Questions about the veracity of statements made by the likes of Hayward and others about the oil gusher has convinced Larry Schweiger , the president and chief executive of the National Wildlife Federation , that BP has engaged in a massive cover - up .
" It is now clear that BP had hoped to cover up the damage of their oil spill by withholding video evidence of the size of the gushers and preventing independent analysis .
In Washington , it 's been said that 'it 's not the crime , it 's the cover - up ' - but in this case , it 's both the crime and the cover - up that are an outrage . "
Although Welch told Boxer that the Justice Department 's " long - standing policy " is to " neither confirm nor deny the existence of a [ criminal ] investigation " he said the agency has " sent formal demands to [ BP ] , Transocean [ the owner of the Deepwater Horizon ] and other companies to ensure the preservation of potentially relevant information . "
" These letters invoke legal requirements in anticipation of litigation , " Welch wrote .
" Department officials have spoken with BP and Transocean counsel to ensure they are complying with these demands . "
The Justice Department would not release the letters agency officials sent to BP and other companies that calls for the preservation of the documents .
In his letter to Boxer , Welch added that three weeks ago Holder " dispatched a team of attorneys from the Environment and Natural Resources Division ( ENRD ) and the Civil Division within the Department to monitor the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and assess the legal position of the United States in the aftermath of this environmental disaster . "
" The team , headed by Ignacia Moreno , Assistant Attorney General for ENRD , and Tony West , Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division , met with the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana and the rest of the response team in New Orleans , as well as with state officials , " Welch wrote .
" Subsequently , Ms. Moreno and Mr. West convened a meeting of all of the United States Attorneys in the Gulf region to assure a coordinated effort .
" The Department team is examining the full range of affirmative legal options that may be available to the United States .
The team is providing daily legal advice and coordination for federal attorneys from across the Government , a vital function .
Department attorneys also are defending the interests of the United States in suits brought by others . "
While Welch 's letter may allude to the possibility of a criminal investigation down the road , West said the correspondence makes clear that the disaster is still being treated as " an accident . "
" The magnitude of this disaster rivals any we have seen and yet it is being treated as an accident by the government , " said Scott West , who spent nearly two - decades at the EPA 's Criminal Investigation Division .
" I bet there are 1,000 criminal investigators in the federal government looking at this and are asking ' what the heck is going on ? ' but they can't speak out of school .
So I am going to give them voice . "
By comparison , a pipeline rupture that occurred last November at BP's Prudhoe Bay operations , which resulted in a 46,000 gallon oil spill , immediately lead the EPA 's Criminal Investigation Division to issue a statement saying the agency was working with the FBI to investigate the cause of the incident and to determine if any laws were broken .
" The ( EPA ) Criminal Investigation Division is continuing to work in concert with our federal and state partners , and British Petroleum , to assess the situation associated with the Nov. 29 rupture , " said Tyler Amon , the acting special agent - in - charge of the Northwest office of the EPA 's criminal division .
" This matter is under investigation . "
Furthermore , BP 's probation officer , Mary Frances Barnes , told Truthout that the EPA and FBI 's investigation will determine if BP Exploration Alaska violated the terms of its probation .
But in the Gulf , the longer the government waits to conduct a criminal probe , West and Wojnicz said , the harder it will be to obtain accurate information about the events that lead up to the explosion .
" As time passes , people 's memories fade , " West said .
" It 's just a natural thing .
The subjects of the investigation ( BP and senior managers ) have had over a month to sanitize records and get stories straight . "
West said there should have also been a subpoena immediately issued for emails and other documents that may shed light on the events leading up to the spill and the discussions that took place afterwards .
" The thing that has brought most criminals down is their email , " West said .
" The first thing you do is grab the servers so they can't be doctored .
But this company does not appear to be under a court order to produce or preserve so what 's to stop them from tampering with potential evidence ? "
In fact , Congress has already been informed that seven hours of data leading up to the explosion aboard Deepwater Horizon is now missing .
" While some data were being transmitted to shore for safekeeping right up until the April 20 blast , officials from Transocean , the rig owner , told Congress that the last seven hours of its data are missing and that all written logs were lost in the explosion , " the Associated Press reported May 13 .
" The gap poses a mystery for investigators :
What decisions were made -- and what warnings might have been ignored ?
Earlier tests , which suggested that explosive gas was leaking from the mile - deep well , were preserved . "
Jurisdiction
West said if he were the special agent - in - charge of the EPA 's Dallas office , which has jurisdiction over the area of the Gulf where the Deepwater Horizon sank , he would have " dispatched criminal investigators immediately just as I did in March 2006 , as the special agent - in - charge in Seattle when BP 's negligence resulted in the dumping of crude onto the North Slope of Alaska . "
Ivan Vikin is the EPA 's special agent - in - charge assigned to the Dallas office that would have jurisdiction over the Gulf disaster .
He did not return calls for comment .
An EPA senior criminal investigator who works in another office , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the issue , said officials in the criminal division " are under direct orders not to talk about this case . "
" We were told to direct all questions [ about the Gulf disaster ] to headquarters , " the EPA senior criminal investigator said .
" But I can tell you that a criminal investigation has not been approved and for the life of me I can't understand why . "
An EPA spokesperson did not return numerous calls for comment on whether Vikin has initiated a criminal investigation .
Asked whether a criminal investigation could be proceeding , but conducted under the cover of secrecy , West said , based on his experience , if that were the case it would be " damn near impossible " to contain leaks .
" Sure , it 's possible but highly unlikely , " West said .
" We 're not hearing about guys with a gun and a badge knocking on doors and asking questions or subpoenas being issued for documents .
If that were taking place we would know about it , especially on something this big .
You 're just not hearing about it and that 's the first clue that a criminal investigation is n't happening . "
Wojnicz agreed .
He said if there was a criminal investigation the media would " be all over it . "
" You can try , but you can't keep something like this secret , " he said .
" And you would think that this administration may do themselves a favor if they announced an investigation because of the public relations nightmare they are dealing with over their handling of it . "
West said it's also possible that people in government have been saying " ' if we start a criminal investigation then BP will clam up and we will lose their cooperation and right now we just need to stop the flow of oil and conduct a criminal investigation later . "
" I 've heard that argument over and over during my tenure and I challenged it and said it was bullshit .
The EPA tried to pull that with me when I sent an agent up to the North Slope after the pipeline rupture saying my criminal investigators were ' getting in the way . '
It 's a ridiculous statement .
Criminal investigators work with emergency responders all the time and do not get in the way .
It takes experience to know how to challenge this kind of push back when you 're faced with it .
If that were the case with the Gulf , the criminal investigator could say ' if you keep it up I may have to make an obstruction of justice referral to the US attorney . '
But who has the balls to do that ? "
A Powerful Company Jeanne Pascal was the debarment counsel at the EPA 's Seattle office who spent more than a decade working on issues related to environmental crimes BP had been convicted of .
Debarment is a process that happens when a company is convicted of a crime and prohibited from receiving government contracts for a certain time period .
Pascal first started working on debarment with BP when the company was convicted of a felony in connection with illegally dumping hazardous waste in the late 1990s in Alaska .
In an interview , Pascal said there " does n't appear to be a criminal investigation and there should be . "
" This is a company that views itself as above the law , " Pascal said .
" Now why is that ?
The only thing I can come up with to explain the failure to launch a criminal investigation is that BP has so much political influence .
Congress needs to step up if the president wo n't do the right thing .
The FBI ought to be investigating this matter criminally along with EPA and [ Department of Interior ] .
This is the fifth major incident committed by this company in 10 years . "
She said the power the company wields might be due , in large part , to the fact that BP supplies the military with 80 percent of its fuel needs .
Because of that , she had to proceed with caution .
BP pled guilty to a felony in connection with a March 2005 explosion at BP's Texas City refinery , which claimed the lives of 15 employees and injured 170 others ; BP pled guilty to a criminal misdemeanor for two oil spills in Alaska in March and August 2006 due to a severely corroded pipelines on which BP failed to perform maintenance ; and , BP entered a deferred prosecution agreement related to price fixing scheme involving propane trading .
" If I had debarred BP while they were supplying 80 percent of the fuel to US forces it would have been almost certain that the Defense Department would have been forced to get an exception , " Pascal said .
" There 's a provision in the debarment regulations that says in a time of war or extreme need exceptions can be granted to debarment so that federal agencies with critical needs can continue doing business with debarred contractors .
I was in a quandary .
If I moved forward with debarment we would have had a major federal contractor doing business with the federal government with no governmental oversight or audit provisions .
I felt oversight terms and conditions were critical with BP , so I pursued settlement of the matter in the hopes of getting oversight and audit terms . "
Pascal said she has observed similarities in BP 's response to what happened aboard the Deepwater Horizon and the revelations that the company had been illegally dumping toxic waste at Endicott Island in that BP 's initial response was then , and has been , to blame its contractors when , in fact , BP's " company man " on drilling rigs has control over drilling operations .
" When there is a failure they blame the contractor , " Pascal said .
" BP is the most retaliatory company I ever dealt with .
They punish employees for bringing Health Safety and Environmental ( HSE ) concerns to the management or to regulators .
BP management then fails to take responsibility .
They manage the way they operate with profit foremost in their minds . "
A major criticism shared by West , Wojnicz and Pascal is that Obama has moved forward with an independent commission to study what caused the disaster and make sure it does n't happen again without the commencement of a criminal investigation and the subpoena and testimonial powers that gives the government the ability to compel documents and witness testimony .
A civil approach relies too heavily on the veracity of what the company will be willing to disclose ; and in this situation thoroughness is critical .
Wojnicz said a presidential commission " is a feel - good measure that the White House is putting out there to show they are making some kind of inquiry . "
" They 'll call witnesses and ask for documents and give certain people all the time they need to figure out what they are going to say , " Wojnicz said .
" There really is no place for this right now . "
West said he intends to keep the pressure on and speak out about the urgent need for a criminal probe .
" Criminal enforcement of the nation 's environmental laws is a powerful and effective tool to achieve compliance with those laws , " West said .
" EPA Criminal Investigation Division is the best entity available for this work , yet the managers within [ the agency ] are timid at best and obstructionist at worst .
If they are not going to bring criminal enforcement to bear in this , the most egregious assault on our environment , then when will they ?
So if we , as a nation , want the criminal enforcement program to work as Congress intended , then we need to send the current crop of managers home and bring in new ones who will . "
Truthout Print This Make a Donation !
Donate here
If you appreciated this article , please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic .
We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding .
We depend solely upon you , the reader , to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs .
---
CENTCOM Commander General David Petraeus , speaking today in Charlotte , North Carolina , warned that this year “ is going to be a hard year ” for the war in Afghanistan .
Gen. Petraeus ’ comments were the latest in a long line of comments by him and others that the record 2009 violence in Afghanistan was going to once again give way to record violence in 2010 .
But Petraeus also defended the war ’s continuation , even though to his own admission the military had killed “ boatloads of bad guys ” to little effect .
He insisted that 9/11 ’s ties to Afghanistan made it necessary to continue the war , already nine years in the fighting , to what he assured would be a “ positive outcome . ”
He insisted that the key was to reduce the number of civilian deaths , pointing to the invasion of Marjah as an example of the US saving a city from complete destruction .
The invasion did , however , kill significant numbers of civilians .
Lest you have any doubt about rising fascism in Israel
B y now most readers will have heard that Noam Chomsky , renowned linguist and political commentator , was denied entry to the West Bank because some Israeli commander was aware of his “ political opinions ” .
Israel quickly backpeddled from their authoritarian decision in the wake of more international condemnation and concern than for , say , the hundreds of Gazan residents routinely denied access not to a lecturn but to desperately needed medical services .
There was also more concern for Chomsky than for the imprisoned nonviolent activists whose productive lives are whittling away slowly in the dank and solitary corners of Israel ’s detention centers .
And there was more concern for Chomsky than for the host of other international scholars and activists also denied entry to Israel , including former US president Jimmy Carter , Nobel Laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu , former UN Special Representative Richard Falk , Judge Richard Goldstone , Prof. Norman Finkelstein , and so on .
It turns out the “ only democracy in the Middle East ” has a very limited notion of “ open ” , considering its political critics are routinely , and as a matter of state policy , silenced .
Things are getting worse very quickly , as fascist ideology is settling into Israeli psychology , insinuating itself against imagined dark - skinned and left - wing enemies , making itself comfortable .
An op - ed by a sitting parliamentarian , MK Arieh Eldad , makes the case perfectly :
Quite a few freedom of speech fans , champions of democracy , and other people detached from the realities of our life and convinced that Birzeit University is located in Switzerland stood up to fight on behalf of Professor Noam Chomsky , who was prevented from entering Israel .
You see ?
Democracy is something that only some prosperous countries can afford , but not those with the realities of country ______ , or our country for that matter .
This is the standard trope of fascists since they first weaseled their way onto this planet .
And it remains so today .
In fact , the fascists are even proud of this achievement , which they wear as a “ badge of honor ” :
Had Israel allowed him to enter , this would have been interpreted in Ramallah , Gaza , Damascus , and Tehran as yet another sign that Israel is no longer able to produce antibodies against the internal erosion wrought upon us by the Left and threatening to rot the Center as well .
The “ entry banned ” seal stamped in his passport is a badge of honor for Israel .
It ’s proof that there are some people among us who still hold on to their survival instincts .
Yes , Arieh , I have no doubt that Tehran and Damascus are watching and learning exactly how to produce such “ antibodies to internal erosion wrought upon us by the Left and threatening to rot the Center as well . ”
I think the world knows exactly what that looks like .
Related Posts :
By the end of this evening , either Jose Mourinho or Louis van Gaal will have joined that elite list of managers who have won two European Cups : Jose Villalonga ( Real Madrid 1956 and 1957 ) , Luis Carniglia ( Real Madrid 1958 and 1959 ) , Bela Guttmann ( Benfica 1961 and 1962 ) , Helenio Herrera ( Internazionale 1964 and 1965 ) , Stefan Kovacs ( Ajax 1972 and 1973 ) , Dettmar Cramer ( Bayern Munich 1975 and 1976 ) , Brian Clough ( 1979 and 1980 ) , Ernst Happel ( Feyenoord 1970 and Hamburg 1983 ) , Arrigo Sacchi ( 1989 and 1990 ) , Ottmar Hitzfeld ( Borussia Dortmund 1997 and Bayern Munich 2001 ) , Vicente del Bosque ( Real Madrid 2000 and 2002 ) , Carlo Ancelotti ( Milan 2003 and 2007 ) and Sir Alex Ferguson ( Manchester United 1999 and 2008 ) .
Actually , it 's not that elite a list , is it .
Managers who have won three European Cups yet scarcely get a mention these days , for goodness sake : Bob Paisley ( Liverpool 1977 , 1978 and 1981 ) .
Anyway , van Gaal is looking to add to his 1995 title with Ajax , while Mourinho is aiming for two in the hole after winning it in 2004 with Porto .
Mourinho is also well on his way to emulating the feats of the uber - legendary Inter coach Helenio Herrera .
He 's already , as the outstanding coach of his generation , slipped through Barcelona 's fingers , just like Herrera did back in 1960 .
Like the Argentinian , he's won the Serie A title with Inter , a Coppa Italia ( Herrera did this with Roma ) and the Uefa Cup at Porto ( a trophy Herrera won with Barcelona ) .
He 's also , of course , already matched Herrera in winning the European Cup - but in doing so today with Inter , and for a second time in total , there 'd be a much more obvious symmetry .
Which means all he 'll need to tick all the Herrera boxes is a Spanish title and cup , and he 'll no doubt be picking up those soon upon buggering off to Real Madrid after the game .
Bayern , though , have their own landmark in sight .
A win today will see them win their fifth title , and become the third most successful club in European Cup history .
( Liverpool have five cups too , but they 've only reached seven finals to Bayern 's nine . )
They 've been scintillating in attack , utterly shoddy in defence - just compare both halves of their visit to Old Trafford this season .
This game , therefore , should be a classic .
Sadly , it 's almost guaranteed to be tosh , as the final 's being telecasted on a major US network ( Fox ) for the very first time .
Kick off : 7.45 pm BST , 8.45 pm CEST , 2.45 pm EDT .
What with all the sun outside , and the hours of anticipation , today is almost like an old - school FA Cup final day .
In the USA .
Sort of .
Bayern Munich , who have the banned Franck Ribery replaced by Hamit Altintop : Butt ; Lahm , Van Buyten , Demichelis , Badstuber ; van Bommel , Schweinsteiger ; Robben , Altintop ; Muller , Olic .
Subs : Rensing , Gorlitz , Klose , Pranjic , Contento , Gomez , Tymoschuk .
Internazionale , who are missing suspended midfielder Thiago Motta : Julio Cesar ; Maicon , Lucio , Samuel , Chivu ; Zanetti , Cambiasso ; Sneijder ; Eto'o , Milito , Pandev .
Subs : Toldo , Cordoba , Stankovic , Muntari , Mariga , Materazzi , Balotelli .
Football as circus # 1 : This match will do well to live up to the shenanigans at Wembley this afternoon , where the defences of Blackpool and Cardiff City made like a clown 's vehicle in this modern classic .
Graeme Le Saux 's elephant
Football as circus # 2 : WWF - UK got Graeme Le Saux to paint this , one of 250 life - size baby elephant sculptures decorated by celebrities to raise awareness of the crisis facing the endangered Asian elephant .
More details about The Elephant Parade 2010 here .
Howard Webb Photograph : PA
Football as circus # 3 : The referee for today 's game , the biggest in club football , is ... wait for it ... Howard Webb ( England ) .
He really wants you to smell his funny flower !
But watch out !
Do n't smell that funny flower !
Boom !
There 's a hole in my intro .
" Surely a more elite group either van Gaal or Mourinho will join will be that of managers who have won the European Cup with two different teams , which only two have achieved according to your list , " notes Etienne Michelet .
It 's a fair point well made , with only Happel and Hitzfeld in that band .
In fact , today 's winner will find themselves scrawled on an even more elite roll of honour : managers who have won it in two countries , seeing only Happel has pulled that trick off before .
How much more elite do you want it ?
Not much more elite , I hope , because there ain't that much more elite to go round .
I 'm tired already .
I also forgot to mention :
Whoever wins today completes a treble of league , cup and cup - league hybrid - type - thing .
Yay !
An impressive achievement no doubt , rendered only slightly less so by the fact Barcelona won one a mere 12 months ago .
And should Bayern win , let it be noted they did n't win their league last season , so their treble would compare not one jot with the ones completed by Celtic in 1967 , Ajax in 1972 , and PSV Eindhoven in 1988 , on account of the extra season 's worth of spadework that lot put in .
Just saying .
The Estadio Santiago Bernabéu is bouncing .
One side a sea of red , the other a swathe of blue .
The Inter end in particular - their fans starved of European Cup final action since 1972 - is oscillating wildly .
The pitch in the middle is flat and green with no moles poking their heads out of it , which should go without saying , should n't it .
" An interesting mix of personalities among those managers - there just is n't a template is there ? " asks Gary Naylor .
" Bob Paisley ( even Evertonians think it should be Sir Bob Paisley ) might be the quietest of the all , but he is attributed one of my favourite sporting quotes .
In 1977 , asked whether he feared Borussia Moenchengladbach ( Liverpool 's opponents in the Italian capital ) he said , ' Well , the last time I went to Rome to face the Germans , I was sitting in a tank . ' "
The latest public meltdown of Mario Balotelli : Dropped from the starting XI - he was in the Inter side that began last weekend 's 1 - 0 win at Siena - he has n't even bothered warming up .
The teams are out !
They waltz down that fancy backlit staircase from the changing rooms , past the trophy plinth , and out onto the lush turf .
Inter are in their traditional blue and black shirts , Bayern kitted out in their mostly - traditional red-and - white tops .
The Germans get into a huddle .
The Italians ... well , there are n't any of those on the pitch , but now 's not the time for cheap digs .
The waiting is nearly over , Mourinho and van Gaal both looking nervous on the sidelines .
And we 're off !
Inter get the ball rolling , and keep hold of it for the best part of a minute .
Lahm , down by the corner flag on the Bayern right , stretches for the ball , Pandev needing no second invitation to go over his leg .
The free kick 's in a dangerous position , but swung in by Schneijder , it 's easily punched clear by Butt .
A lively start by Inter .
MBM Howard Webb Photograph : PA
3 min : Bayern were on the back foot for a while there , but suddenly Robben breaks free down the right .
Samuel comes over and , 40 yards out , upends him without ceremony .
Howard Webb struts across purposefully , but does n't show a yellow ; he'd have been well within his rights to do so .
Mourinho dancing in anger on the touchline may or may not have convinced him to leave his card be , at least for now .
5 min : Milito , after a run down the inside - left channel , and Pandev jiggle around on the edge of the Bayern area , the former falling over and doing a lot of shouting .
Staunch defending by Demichelis snuffs out any danger .
8 min : It 's all a bit harum - scarum at the moment , this .
Nervous young men have yet to settle in the biggest game of their lives .
" I was keeping a close eye on Javier Zanetti before kick - off , " writes Sean Boiling .
" I did n't see him call the team together and tell them , ' ignore what he said in the dressing room we 're going to do it like this ' as he apparently did in Argentina 's final qualifier .
Still , this is Mourinho not Maradona . "
10 min :
What a run by Robben , who walks past Chivu tight on the right touchline , then rips into the area .
Samuel comes over to cover , but Robben drops a shoulder and reaches the byline , pulling a low ball back for the inrushing Muller , who 's level with the right - hand post and six yards out .
Robben 's scintillating work deserved a better finish , the striker unable to do anything but wallop the ball low and well wide right .
13 min : Bayern are enjoying the better of this , all of a sudden .
Altintop picks the ball up in the centre , shifts the ball to the left just outside the area , turns back again and attempts a right - footed curler into the top right .
It 's deflected away for a corner , which is easily claimed by Julio Cesar .
" Could n't we have this decided please by handing big sticks to Rumminige , Moratti , van Gaal , and Mourinho and direct them to the nearest mudhole where they can beat each other to a bloody pulp -- overseen , of course , by the ' English representive ' , Mr Webb ? " asks Lou Roper , convicted felon and former special advisor to Michel Platini .
MBM Howard Webb Photograph : PA
15 min : Howard Webb 's largesse to Samuel earlier on seems to have given
Inter the excuse to put the boot in on Robben ; Sneijder trod on his ankle a couple of minutes ago .
Oh Howard !
The pocket winger is up and about quickly enough , swinging a ball into the area from the right for Van Buyten , who heads weakly onto Maicon 's forearm .
Bayern claim for a penalty , but it would have been the weakest penalty award in the history of All Football , at least since Webb last [ insert your own anecdote here , we 've all got them ] .
18 min : From an innocent looking position 40 - odd yards out , just to the left of goal , Shneijder goes for goal .
It 's heading into the top - right corner , too , before Butt punches cleanly away .
The ball 's worked back into the area from the right , Cambiasso attempting an ersatz Zidane - style volley , perhaps mindful of Butt 's pain back in 2002 .
He completely mishits it , anyway .
MBM Howard Webb Photograph : PA
22 min :
It 's been lively , without being exciting , Bayern just about having the edge .
Muller bumbles and bustles in the English style on the edge of the Inter box , before Robben latches onto the ball and attempts to thrash it home .
The attempt to loop it home is more of a balloon , the ball rising into the stand at the back .
" Is Robben the player with the most pained career in footballing history ? " asks Øivind Idsø .
" Nobody hurts like him after a tackle , no matter how innocent it might have been .
Perhaps he has brittle bones . "
Or perhaps referees let his opponents kick him all around the place like an old sock .
Oh Howard !
25 min :
The first yellow card of the evening , and it's for Demichelis , the big man coming straight through the back of Milito , 30 - odd yards out .
26 min : Sneijder has clearly decided to turn up the heat on Butt , lashing another long - distance free kick towards goal .
The keeper is easily behind it and gathers without fuss .
28 min : Milito cuts inside from the left , rolling the ball to Pandev on the corner of the box .
Pandev attempts a one - two with Sneijder , but the ball 's cut out by Van Buyten .
A rare attempt at football , which falls apart .
On the whole , it 's been poor , this .
MBM Howard Webb Photograph : PA
30 min : Webb should have ( at least ) booked a couple of folk for their challenges on Robben , but has n't .
Now he puts Chivu in the book after Robben pretends to have been pulled back by the shirt .
That 's a shameless dive , and one which puts Chivu in a lot of bother for the rest of this match , because he 's been rocking against Robben .
32 min : Altintop skins Maicon down the right , but his low cross from the byline is smothered by Julio Cesar .
Then Muller has a dig from distance , only to boot into the stand .
Neither keeper has had any serious work to do .
35 min : GOAL !!!
OUT OF NOTHING !!!
Bayern Munich 0 - 1 Internazionale .
This was so simple when it happened , real route - one stuff .
Milito , his back to goal 30 yards out , heads down a long punt from Julio Cesar to his right , where Sneijder awaits .
Demichelis made no effort to get a head on that whatsoever .
The Dutchman slips an immediate return ball down the inside - right channel , allowing Milito , who has turned , to burst into the box , hesitate , and dink a confident shot straight into the net .
Inter had done nothing up to this point , but that was brilliantly worked .
37 min : Eto'o finally kicks the ball , and so nearly works an opening for himself on the edge of the Bayern box .
" Is Jose channelling Dave Bassett ? " wonders Sean Boiling .
40 min : Robben picks the ball up on the right , cuts inside , and tries to recreate his goal against Fiorentina .
The shot 's curling towards the top - left corner , but not quite enough , sailing over the bar by a couple of feet .
A warning that this is far from over .
43 min : Again , simple but brilliant football from Inter .
Cambiasso pings
Sneijder off on the breakaway , down the left .
Van Buyten is there to cover , but can't do anything as the ball 's rolled further down the wing to the fast - pumping Milito , who checks back and rolls the ball back into the centre for Sneijder , free in the area , ten yards out .
Inexplicably , he sidefoots straight at Butt , when it was surely easier to score in either side of the goal .
HALF TIME : Bayern Munich 0 - 1 Internazionale .
In the very last seconds of the half , van Bommel sends a daisycutter in from 25 yards .
Julio Cesar has it covered , the ball sailing wide left .
Inter did absolutely nothing for 35 minutes , before suddenly blooming ; it really should be 2-0 .
And we 're off again !
Bayern get the ball moving - and how !
They play the ball straight down the middle of the park , and within two passes , the first from Olic , the killer from Altintop , Muller finds himself free in the area !
His shot is low and poor , straight at Julio Cesar .
That would have been sensational .
That should have been sensational .
47 min :
What a start to the half !
Milito breaks down the left , reaches the area , cuts back and rolls the ball to Pandev , who from the edge of the area sidefoots a curling beauty towards the top - left corner .
Butt arches his back and tips the ball over the bar .
What great football all round .
50 min : Schweinsteiger finds himself in a pocket of space 25 yards from the Inter goal .
He panics , though , flicking an immediate ball out right to Olic .
A complete waste , with the opportunity to either shoot , or wait until Olic was set and in space himself to receive a pass .
Bayern have come out with more purpose .
52 min : Altintop - who has been very impressive - flicks the ball out right to Robben .
The Dutch winger cuts inside and attempts to Fiorentina it into the top - left yet again - this is getting old .
His effort is easily charged down .
54 min :
It 's end to end now , very pleasing .
Pandev is brought down dead centre , 25 yards out .
Sneijder blazes over .
Then Lucio faffs around in his own area , allowing the ball to break to Altintop who , to the left of goal ten yards out , sells the clumsy defender a dummy and drags a decent shot just wide left .
56 min : Van Bommel nearly releases Robben with a delicious 40 - yard first - time pass down the inside - right channel .
Chivu cuts the ball out brilliantly .
This game feels like there 's more goals in it .
59 min : Robben dinks and diddles so impressively down the right that he confuses his own man , Lahm set free but forced to chase after a surprise pass .
He manages to cut it back into the area just before it goes out of play , an equally shocked Cambiasso forced to stick out a leg to stop the ball going into the six - yard box .
He 's not far from slicing it into his own net .
The entire Bernabeu lets out a long collective whistle .
The corner is wasted .
62 min : Robben runs between Pandev and Chivu down the right , and is upended .
It 's a free kick .
Van Bommel questions whether Chivu should pick up a second yellow , but it was Pandev who touched Robben , and not even Webb is stupid enoug ... actually , here 's a substitution , I 'll not get time to finish that .
64 min : Klose replaces Altintop , who looked decent to me , but I 'm simple folk .
From the free kick , bouncing into the area from the right , Muller takes a low - quality swing at the ball from eight yards , Cambiasso allowed to head clear when surely Inter should have been picking the ball out of the net .
65 min : Robben cuts inside from the right , and nearly does Fiorentina it this time , fingertips from Julio Cesar saving Inter at the last .
Mourinho 's side are hanging on a bit here .
68 min : Chivi , who has struggled all evening one way or the other , is replaced by Stankovic .
It 'll be down to Zanetti to look after the lively Robben now .
" This is n't baseball , Bayern need an opener not a Klose . "
Ladies and gentlemen , that was Sean Boiling .
He 's here all week , try the tapas .
70 min : GOAL !!!
Bayern Munich 0 - 2 Internazionale .
This was another beautiful finish by Milito .
And again , it was the simplest of goals .
Eto'o rolls a pass down the inside - left channel for Milito , who runs at the confused Van Buyten , turns him hither and yon , then scoops a calm shot into the right - hand side of the net .
On the touchline , Mourinho is appealing for calm .
Really , the brass neck on him .
73 min : Olic is replaced by Gomes .
Bayern are visibly deflated , their efforts this half looking all for naught .
75 min : Lahm breezes down the right and hugs the byline .
Klose waits patiently in the centre for a pass that never comes .
Samuel waltzes off with the ball .
78 min : Van Bommel is booked for a dreadful studs - up lunge on Lucio .
He only brushed the defender 's shinpads ; full contact would surely have seen a red card .
79 min : Muntari comes on for Pandev , Mourinho shoring this one up .
83 min : Schweinsteiger attempts a ludicrous Crisitiano Ronaldo impression , two very slow stepovers , eventually going over Lucio 's leg .
That 's a free kick , 30 yards out , dead central .
Robben whacks it straight into the wall .
Bayern appear spent .
85 min : Robben is all over the park now in a desperate attempt to make something happen before it really is way too late .
Like that 's not the case already .
He jinks down the inside - left channel and , just before reaching the byline , hammers a shot straight across the Inter six - yard box .
Nobody 's in the centre to turn it in .
This is over .
87 min : Sneijder buys some time by drawing a free kick from van Bommel , who is only really interested in kicking folk now .
" Will Patrick Viera be receiving some medals in the post for his part in Inter 's trophies in the first half of the season ? " wonders David Wall .
" I 'm sure Mancini will be the first at City asking to see them if he does . "
90 min : Eto'o , who has been quiet , but worked hard , nearly breaks clear after a power run straight down the middle .
When it breaks down , Milito attempts to move the ball on for him , but the pass is too strong .
There will be three added minutes of this .
90 min +2 : To a personal ovation , two - goal Diego Milito is replaced by ... Marco Materazzi .
I can't wait to see how Mario Balotelli celebrates Inter 's win .
AND THAT'S IT !
INTERNAZIONALE ARE THE CHAMPIONS OF EUROPE FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE 1965 !!!
Bayern Munich 0 - 2 Internazionale .
Before the final whistle , Mourinho goes over to shake van Gaal 's hand .
And then the Bernabeu erupts .
As does Mourinho , who is in tears as he smiles , runs onto the pitch , embraces his players , and salutes the crowd .
Mourinho is going through some micro-cycles of emotion : smiling , laughing and hugging , crying uncontrollably , then smiling , laughing and hugging again .
It 's surely the singlemost joyous celebration witnessed at the final whistle of a European Cup final for many years .
After about five minutes of it , he buggers off down the tunnel carrying his son - " No10 Jose Jnr " - on his back .
Bye , then !
What are the odds on him popping back out with a Real Madrid top on ?
Obvious Point dept : Inter deserved that .
Despite Bayern enjoying an awful lot of possession , they achieved nothing much of note .
Inter on the other hand were more clinical , the better side in the game - and in the entire tournament , too , having dealt with both Barcelona and Chelsea , the only other teams one could make a convincing argument for this season .
" Two shots , two goals , number 22 - it was meant to be I guess , " writes Jonny Mac .
" Well done Jose . "
Inter form a guard of honour for the losing Bayern Munich side .
As they go up to get their medals , Jose reappears on the pitch .
He appears to have calmed down a bit .
He stands watching them for a while , then closes his eyes to soak in the atmosphere .
And now - retracing the journey of John McGovern et al in 1980 - Inter climb the stairs to pick up their pot .
Michel Platini hands out the medals - then gives Javier Zanetti the big -eared dod of metal to lift and wave about .
The Inter captain immediately puts it on his head , wearing it like a hat .
That 's some good old - school cavortin ' !
And as the players jig about , Mourinho mooches off .
He walks around the pitch towards the Inter fans , shakes a few hands , waves at them , taps the Inter crest on his blazer , waves some more , then departs .
Real fin de siècle stuff .
The Inter team are still bouncing up and down with the cup somewhere in the stadium , I think .
But nobody seems to care much .
Now that 's star quality .
Oops .
Something went wrong .
You ’re not sure what — was it you ?
Was it the website ?
What do you do now ?
Article Continues Below
Welcome to the world of the Error 404 page .
You ’ve requested a page — either by typing a URL directly into the address bar or clicking on an out - of - date link and you ’ve found yourself in the middle of cyberspace nowhere .
A user - friendly website will give you a helping hand while many others will simply do nothing , relying on the browser ’s built - in ability to explain what the problem is .
We can do better than that , ca n ’t we ?
I wo n’t go into details about how you set your server up to deliver a custom 404 page — instead , I ’ll refer you to these articles :
I will , however , suggest strategies for building a custom 404 page that makes the most of an otherwise lost cause .
To get started , we need to examine the most common reasons that people find themselves on a 404 page :
a mis-typed URL ( or an out - of - date bookmark / favourite )
a search - engine link that is out - of - date
an internal broken link that the webmaster has n’t noticed
They all amount to the same thing , but they need to be handled slightly differently — the 404 message needs to be customized for each eventuality .
There are some tricks that you can employ that apply to all scenarios , but my first suggestion is simple …
Do n’t point the finger #section2
Tell them what went wrong , by all means , but do n’t admonish the user , even if you know it ’s their fault !
The phrases , “ might have ” and “ possibly ” are good ones to use here .
Do n’t get off on the wrong foot with this visitor to your site — you might yet turn this problem around .
As well as the “ something went wrong ” text , you should ensure that your error page has the following :
A link to the site map ( if you have one ) and the home page .
This is the easiest way for users to bail out .
This no -brainer requires no clever scripting .
This is the easiest way for users to bail out .
This no -brainer requires no clever scripting .
A search box .
If you have a site search , add it to your 404 page .
If you do n’t have a site search and are in the habit of generating 404 errors , perhaps you should get one .
If you have a site search , add it to your 404 page .
If you do n’t have a site search and are in the habit of generating 404 errors , perhaps you should get one .
A distinctly minimalist look .
Avoid putting all your standard site navigation on this page .
You should aim to remove distractions .
Besides , insisting on including a complete site navigation strip may present a maintenance overhead ( your 404 page can easily lag behind the rest of the site if it is not dynamically updated with the rest of your site and the last thing you want is to have navigation on the 404 that is no longer relevant / working .
Oh the irony ! )
Also be sure to cut the jargon .
I mean , we can talk about 404s here , right ?
We ’re in good company .
But 60 - year - old Doris who got a broken link while browsing a knitting site wo n’t have a clue what a 404 error is .
If you want to use the phrase “ Error 404 , ” do it subtly — do it as a footnote , a nod to those who understand your freaky - deaky web speak .
Now , let ’s look at how you can make the 404 work for you , instead of against you .
Let ’s be intelligent about this #section4
At this point , I should point out that this may require a certain amount of JavaScript ( you may not be able to use server - side scripting to do this work , depending on your server set - up ) .
So be sure to use the < noscript > to serve up a suitable message for people who have disabled scripting .
If you can use server - side scripting , that would be preferable — no accessibility or browser support issues — so adapt the suggested code as appropriate .
First , you ’ll need to set up a few variables :
var strReferrer=document.referrer.toLowerCase( ) ; var blnSearchReferral = false ; var blnInsiteReferral = false ; var str= " " ; var strSite = " " ;
Now , how are we going to use these ?
The mis-typed URL#section5
A mis-typed URL ( or out - of - date bookmark ) will have no referrer , so your code to identify this scenario should look something this :
if ( strReferrer.length==0 ) { str +=' We think you will find one of the following » links useful : <\ /p > ' ; str+= '< a href= " \/home.php " >< img src= " / images / » home.gif " alt = " Home Page " width = " 100 " height = " 30 " » \/> <\/a >' ; str+='< a href= " \/site-map.php " >< img src= " / images / » site - map.gif " alt = " Site Map " width = " 100 " height= » " 30 " \/><\/a>' ; str+='< hr \/>' ; str+='< p>< strong >
You may not be able to find the » page you were after because of : <\ / strong > <\/p>' ; str+='< ol type = " a " > ' ; str+= ' < li>
An < strong > out - of - date bookmark\ / favorite » <\/strong ><\/li >' ; str+= ' < li>A search engine that has an < strong > out- » of - date listing for us </ strong ><\/li >' ; str+= ' < li>A < strong > mis- typed address</strong ><\/li >' ; str+='<\/ol >' ; document.write ( str ) ; }
The out - of - date search engine referral #section6
If there is a referrer value , we can look for an instance of specific search engines ( and you can obviously tweak this to your own taste ) .
Then we can split the search parameters up , look for significant matches to a list of terms you want to intercept and suggest a page that is probably appropriate to that search :
if ( strReferrer.length!=0 ) { if ( ( strReferrer.indexOf (".looksmart.co " ) >0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf ( ".ifind.freeserve " ) >0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf (".ask.co " ) > 0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf (" google.co " ) > 0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf (" altavista.co " ) >0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf ( " msn.co " ) >0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf ( " yahoo.co " ) > 0 ) ) { blnSearchReferral=true ; //get site domain — split at the first forward - slash var arrSite=strReferrer.split( " / " ) ; // now find search parameters var arrParams=strReferrer.split( " ? " ) ; var strSearchTerms = arrParams [ 1 ] ; arrParams=strSearchTerms.split( " & " ) ; strSite=arrSite [ 2 ] ; var sQryStr= " " ; // define what search terms are in use by the different engines var arrQueryStrings = new Array ( ) ; arrQueryStrings [ 0 ] = " q= " ; //google , altavista , msn arrQueryStrings [ 1 ] = " p= " ; //yahoo arrQueryStrings [ 2 ] =" ask= " ; //ask jeeves arrQueryStrings [ 3 ] = " key= " ; //looksmart for ( i=0;i< arrParams.length ;i++ ) // loop through all the parameters in the referring page ’s URL { for ( q=0;q.indexOf(sQryStr)==0 ) {// we’ve found a search term !
strSearchTerms = arrParams<i > ; strSearchTerms = strSearchTerms.split(sQryStr ) ; strSearchTerms = strSearchTerms [ 1 ] ; strSearchTerms = strSearchTerms.replace ( " + " , " " ) ; } } } // Tell the visitor what site is at fault , what the // search terms were document .
write ( " < p > You did a search on < strong > < a href= ' " + strReferrer + " ' target= ' _blank ' > " + strSite + " </a> </ strong > for " < strong > " +
strSearchTerms + " </ strong > " .
However , their index appears to be out of date .
</p > < h2 > All is not lost !</h2 > < p > We think that the following page ( s ) on our site will be able to help you : </ p > " ) ;
You can now add in some lines to identify key search phrases that you do n’t want to be lost .
For example , say you ’re getting good search results for the words “ electronics ” and “ widgets ” but you ’ve just moved pages around in your site — no good losing all those existing Gooogle referrals , is it ?
if ( ( strSearchTerms.indexOf ( " widgets " ) >=0 ) || ( strSearchTerms.indexOf ( " electronics " ) > =0 ) ) { document.write ( " < a href= '/cool-widgets.htm '>
Our excellent widgets page </a>< br /> " ) ; } } }
Of course , if you have an internal site search , you could use the search parameters found in the URL to generate a search automatically , rather than this very manual process .
However , the manual approach may be preferred ( otherwise you may only be adding another hit - and - miss search process to one that already failed ) .
The broken ( in - site ) link #section7
With the errant search engine referrals taken care of , we now need to look at referrals that are not from a search engine ( or at least not a search engine you ’ve chosen to look for ) .
We ’ll need to add some more conditions :
if (! blnSearchReferral ) { strSite = strReferrer ; strSite = strSite.split( " / " ) ; strSite = strSite [ 2 ] ; document.write ( " < p > You were incorrectly referred to this page by : < strong > < a href= ' " + strReferrer + " ' target= '_blank ' > " + strSite + " </a></strong > < br />We suggest you try one of the links below : </ p > " ) ; }
… those links being the site map and home page mentioned right up front .
What if your own site is the problem ?
#section8
You cannot say in your 404 page “ This site had an incorrect link ” when the errant referrer is actually one of your own .
In this instance , you might need to change the language to admit some guilt !
blnInsiteReferral =(( strReferrer.indexOf ( " http://www.mysite.co.uk " ) >=0 ) || ( strReferrer.indexOf ( " http://www.myothersite.com " ) > =0 ) ) if ( blnInsiteReferral ) { document . write ( " < p > This one ’s down to us !
Please accept our apologies for this — we ’ll see to it that the developer responsible for this broken link is given 20 lashes ( but only after he or she has fixed this problem ) . </ p > " ) ; }
Fixing the problem#section9
> So , we ’ve provided routes out of the 404 black hole .
But have we actually fixed anything ?
No .
We do have some options though , as we know the page requested and the referring page ( if indeed there was a referrer ) .
We could capture this information in a database , either automatically or via a manual “ report this broken link ” button offered to the user when they hit the 404 page .
The latter should cut down on noise , and the hope is that you ’ll only get to hear about the most important broken links .
How you go about fixing them from here on in is up to you .
Related links # section10
To see this advice in action , try the following examples hosted at Accessify and A List Apart :
[ Note : the accessify .com pages seem to have been lost to time .
— Ed. ]
paste this in to your address bar to show the behavior for an out - of - date bookmark : http://www.accessify.com/err.asp
a broken link
mimicking a Google search [ intermediate page required to trigger ]
Download the example error 404 page described above ( and amend to suit your own needs ) .
