About 60 people have been injured in Amsterdam at a ceremony for victims of war being attended by Queen Beatrix .
Police say a man caused panic when he began screaming , causing a stampede .
Within minutes order was restored and the Queen continued her visit .
Security was tight at the event following an incident on Queen 's Day last year when a car was driven into a crowd of spectators watching the royal parade in Apeldoorn .
Seven people and the driver died from their injuries .
This news story about Taiwan has been making the rounds with the usual alarming news outlets .
My view is clearly on subsidence , caused by poor land use practice .
See below the Continue Reading line for the easily found reasons .
Excerpts : from AFP via Yahoo News
Rising sea levels threaten Taiwan
TUNGSHIH , Taiwan ( AFP ) – When worshippers built a temple for the goddess Matsu in south Taiwan 300 years ago , they chose a spot they thought would be at a safe remove from the ocean .
They did not count on global warming .
Now , as the island faces rising sea levels , the Tungshih township is forced to set up a new temple nearby , elevated by three metres ( 10 feet ) compared with the original site .
“ Right now , the temple is flooded pretty much every year , ” said Tsai Chu - wu , the temple ’s chief secretary , explaining why the 63 - million - dollar project is necessary .
“ Once the new temple is completed , we should be able to avoid floods and the threat of the rising sea , at least for many , many years , ” he said .
The temple of Matsu , ironically often described as the Goddess of the Sea , is only one example of how global warming is slowly , almost imperceptibly piling pressure on Taiwan .
…
And unlike the temple , none of these crucial economic establishments can possibly be lifted , leaving them exposed to the elements .
“ If the sea levels keep rising , part of Taiwan ’s low - lying western part could be submerged , ” said Wang Chung - ho , an earth scientist at Taiwan ’s top academic body Academia Sinica .
…
Still , environmentalists consider the risk too high to ignore , and they point out that it is compounded by the overpumping of groundwater both for traditional agriculture and for fish farming .
This has caused the groundwater level to fall and land to subside below sea level in some coastal areas , experts warn .
The greatest extent of seawater encroachment has been estimated to be as far as 8.5 kilometres inland with an affected area of about 104 square kilometres ( 40 square miles ) in southern Taiwan ’s Pingtung county , according to a study co-written by Wang .
Once low - lying areas are routinely invaded by sea water , it is very hard to turn back the tide , analysts warned .
…
In its 2007 assessment report , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change of the United Nations said that due to the global warming , the world ’s sea level is projected to rise by up to 0.59 metres before the end of this century .
However , Wang was more pessimistic , citing recent findings that greenhouse gas emissions are growing faster than previously believed .
Read the rest of the story here : AFP via Yahoo News
===================================
And where is Pingtung County in Taiwain ?
But that is not where the Matsu temple that is the focus of the story is , it is a misdirection .
Read on .
Now consider this news story about a hi-speed rail system in Taiwan from China Daily that says :
Safety concerns were raised after according to the Taiwan High - Speed Rail Corp. ( THSRC ) figures revealed that at its worst , the land at one site along the stretch in Yunlin County has sunk 55 centimeters over the past seven years .
Over -pumping of underground water for irrigation has been blamed for the subsidence , and the Water Resources Agency ( WRA ) has identified 1,115 wells in the area that need to be sealed to stop the sinking .
Seems pretty clear that subsidence is happening quickly in that county .
Here ’s a paper studying the Yuanlin area , Changhua County .
PDF here .
Note the mention of Yunlin County , save that for later .
Using Radar Interferometry to Observe Land Subsidence in Yuanlin area , Changhua County , Taiwan
Abstract :
The behavior of land subsidence in Yuanlin area , Changhua County , Taiwan has been monitored by the two - pass method of Differential Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar ( DInSAR ) during the period from 1995 to 2002 .
Our interferometric result has shown that the subsidence behavior is unusual right before and after the Chi-Chi earthquake .
Two - month before the earthquake , the pre-seismic differential interferogram detects a substantial increase in land subsidence with a prominent U - shaped pattern of groundwater level change .
Two days after the devastating earthquake , our one - month image - pair shows a five - fold increase in land subsidence and an apparent shift of subsidence center .
In this study , we suggest mechanisms that contribute to land subsidence in pre-seismic , co-seismic and post - seismic .
We tend to believe that the circular / elongated pattern shown in our interferograms are caused by a point - source deformation .
Besides , strain also plays a very important role in accelerating land subsidence shown in the post - seismic differential interferogram .
It causes a very sudden , step - like surge in groundwater .
The shaking of the earthquake as well as the increase of groundwater trigger the occurrence of soil liquefaction , in return , accelerating land subsidence .
We propose there are two center of land subsidence right after the Chi-Chi earthquake though only one subsidence center can be observed in our differential interferogram .
Here ’s what the Taipei Times shows happening as a result of land subsidence :
Here ’s an interesting passage from the Geography Department at NTU titled The Hazards of Taiwan :
The fish - farming industry in western and northeastern Taiwan requires several times more ground water than is needed for irrigation .
This kind of over - pumping of ground water results in serious land subsidence or sinking in the coastal areas .
According to a recent survey , an area of up to 1,097 square kilometers suffers from subsidence : this is 3 % of the island ’s total land area and 9 % of its flat area .
This problem obviously needs an immediate and effective solution .
So even though there is plentiful evidence that local land use abuse resulting in subsidence is the primary cause of seawater incursions , the reporter , Benjamin Yeh , chooses instead to make “ global warming ” the primary culprit .
His paragraph says it all :
The temple of Matsu , ironically often described as the Goddess of the Sea , is only one example of how global warming is slowly , almost imperceptibly piling pressure on Taiwan .
Religion and global warming , a match made in heaven .
From this Taiwan Government Report on Water Resources we find this paragraph , red emphasis mine :
Land Subsidence
Lured by profits , many farmers in the coastal areas of Yunlin , Changhua , Pingtung , Chiayi , and Ilan have expanded into aquaculture .
Aquaculturalists have dug 170,000 illegal wells and pumped excessive amounts of groundwater , because it is cheap and stable in temperature .
In addition to being used in aquaculture , groundwater is also pumped for industrial , residential , and standard agricultural uses .
Recent data shows that while 5.94 billion cubic meters of groundwater is being pumped annually , only four billion cubic meters is being replaced .
This deficit has caused land in many areas to subside , especially along the southwestern coast and on the Ilan Plain .
Overall , almost 865 square kilometers of Taiwan ’s plains , or a full 8 percent , tend to subside .
The most serious subsidence has occurred around Chiatung in Pingtung County , where sites have sunk by as much as 3.06 meters .
The average rate of subsidence in the coastal areas is between five and 15 centimeters each year .
The Temple of Matsu is in Yunlin County which is located on this map :
Another study on groundwater and subsidence from the Department of Geomatics , National Cheng Kung University says :
For example , the overall amount of subsidence in Yunlin area in the past 30 years reaches about 2 meters , and the total affected area of subsidence is about 516 km2 .
Land subsidence has increased the vulnerability in this area , and a large portion of which lies below the mean sea level .
When badly flawed articles like this one from AFP ’s Benjamin Yeh appear , blaming global warming for flooding clearly caused by land subsidence as a result of poor land use practice , we need to complain loudly to editors .
http://www.afp.com/afpcom/en/contact
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Elvis Presley died of chronic constipation , reveals his doctor
For years Elvis Presley 's death has been the subject of ever more far - fetched conspiracy theories .
But it seems that the real mystery may have been missed - the cause of his death .
Rather than an irregular heartbeat , as had previously been reported , his personal doctor has revealed Elvis died of chronic constipation .
Revelations : Elvis Presley , centre , with Dr Nick George Nichopoulos and friends shortly before his death ; the doctor has revealed that he thinks Elvis 's constipation led to his premature death
The debilitating problem caused the singer severe problems , according to Dr George Nichopoulos , Elvis 's doctor for the last 12 years of his life .
The doctor , who attempted to resuscitate Elvis on the day of his death , said that it was n't until the autopsy that he realised had severe the constipation had been .
According to Dr Nichopoulos , the autopsy found Elvis ’s colon to be five to six inches in diameter , compared to an average of two to three inches .
And rather than the standard four to five feet long , Elvis 's colon was eight to nine feet .
' After he died we were n’t sure [ of his cause of death ] so I continued to do some research and I had some doctors call me from different places and different med schools that were doing research on constipation and different problems you can get into with it .
' I just want to get the story straight – it all made sense with the new research that was done , ' he told Pop Tarts .
He said that although he offered Elvis a colostomy , to remove part of his bowel , his pride meant he rejected the treatment .
And Dr Nichopoulos thinks that if Elvis had undergone the treatment he might still be alive today .
' He would get embarrassed , he ’d have accidents onstage , ' said Dr Nichopoulos .
' He ’d have to change clothes and come back because of the way we were trying to treat his constipation .
' So if they had done the colostomy then , he ’d probably still be here .
But it was n’t acceptable treatment at that time .
Now the treatment is short . '
Dr Nichopoulos also says that Elvis 's weight gain in the years before his death was at least partly due to his constipation .
' During the last few years we were going back and comparing pictures , some of them were taken just two weeks a part but he looked like he ’d gained 20 pounds when the only difference was that he had a good healthy bowel movement and then lost a lot of weight from that , ' he said .
Elvis died on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of just 42 .
His body was found in the bathroom at his home Graceland .
The Doctor recently released his book The King And Dr Nick , about his time with Elvis .
Andrei's tips on giving technical talks
May 13 , 2010
I 've had the opportunity to speak in public on technical topics on a few occasions , and attended a lot more such talks .
That allowed me to notice some positive and negative patterns .
Some of them are not covered , or not properly emphasized , in various online articles giving tips on public speaking .
Furthermore , I noticed that following to a tee the commonly - passed advice ( slides , flow , attire , body language , attendance handling , tactical stuff that I consider marginal ) still is n't enough hedge against cringeworthy talks .
In the following I will attempt to distill the observations I have accumulated on both sides of the audio amplifier into a few tips that I hope you 'll find useful .
Public speaking is a complex topic featuring books ( most of which I have n't read ) and classes taught by experts ( none of which I 've taken ) .
Therefore , be warned that the lower bound of my advice 's value is what you paid for it .
However , I 'm as much a bithead as you are so the material below is direct , to the point , and aimed straight at helping a fellow hacker in need .
This is where the rubber hits the road .
The advice below applies only to longer talks ( 30 minutes or more ) .
Short talks ( 10 - 20 minutes ) and long talks are both challenging , but the challenges they present are very different .
A short talk emphasizes tactics and asks for a well - rehearsed , tight delivery that moves along with smoothness and precision .
Short talks are prevalent in academic circles and enjoy a rich and good - quality lore , to which I do n't have much to add .
Long talks are challenging in other ways because they emphasize strategy , improvisation , and adaptation .
Let me point below a few key aspects that you should pay attention to when giving a long technical talk .
1 . Have something to say .
I can't stress enough how important this is : when embarking on preparing and giving a public talk it 's essential to be animated by mainly one desire - to share something that you believe is interesting .
In this context " interesting " means that you are convinced you have some unique insights that your audience can't easily acquire in reasonable time by e.g. reading an article .
To clarify the above , consider a counterexample .
Most corporations have a new hire orientation process that includes some presentations ( human resources , safety , technology , and so on ) given by the appropriate persons .
Such presentations do _not_ need to fulfill the above criterion , as the goal is simply to make sure certain information is disseminated to new employees and that they have a chance to ask questions .
A speaker at such a presentation is not pressured to make it seem interesting and unique , but you emphatically are .
Consequently , you must avoid modeling your talk after that mold .
Unfortunately , many speakers do exactly that - they sleepwalk through the presentation with the predictability and the enthusiasm of a reference manual .
They may be making no mistake by the book .
Dark , appropriate suit ?
Check .
Stand on both feet ?
Check .
Look at the audience left , straight , and right ?
Check .
Take questions ?
Check .
Finish on time ?
Check .
However , not making a mistake does not mean everything 's well - you must have something to say , and something powerful at that .
I once attended a conference talk given by a gifted and experienced speaker .
Unfortunately , I did n't enjoy his talk at all - I found it boring and hackneyed to the extreme .
As I 'm friends with that speaker , we talked over dinner the same day and I delicately shared my impression .
He immediately admitted that the organizers had asked him to give a talk in exchange for free attendance , so he picked a subject , read some about it , and prepared the talk .
It was all a mercenary job , and for all his talent and experience , that fact oozed through unabatedly .
So walk in with the certainty that you have something to share that the audience will be interested to hear from you .
Have that message loud and clear in your mind as you prepare and deliver the talk .
2. Understand that the dice are already rigged in your favor .
A public talk is a social interaction and consequently some social dynamics are at work .
Most of the fear of public speaking , particularly for first - time speakers , stems in the ultimate social stigma - being ashamed .
You may say something dumb and they might laugh ; someone could point out some fatal mistake you are making ; you may trip and fall , burp , or fart during the presentation .
And so on .
The good news is that as the appointed speaker you are in fact starting with a good deal of credit .
If you think of it , you have n't seen many or any talks in which the speaker was ashamed .
On the contrary , you might remember that audiences have been invariably polite and helpful , particularly with initially nervous speakers .
The truth of the matter is that , all other things being equal , people would rather feel good than bad .
Comfort and discomfort are highly empathic feelings - they propagate from the speaker to the audience .
Consequently , the audience is inclined to forgive some initial awkwardness and to be helpful and non-critical towards a speaker .
A comfortable speaker helps a comfortable audience , and that 's what everybody wants .
Bottom line is , you do n't start the game with zero points .
You start with good credit and you benefit of people 's natural inclination to enjoy themselves and consequently your talk .
The dice are already rigged in your favor .
3 . Plow straight through your stage fright .
Stage fright is an irrational fight - or - flight psychosomatic reaction to the perspective of public speaking .
I sometimes experience it , and I know very experienced speakers who also do .
Most often stage fright consists of faster breathing , accelerated pulse , thirst , jumpiness , and muscle contraction .
In turn , the contraction puts pressure on the vocal chords and makes your voice harsher and of higher pitch .
A good advice to fighting the stage fright is to cancel the symptoms : walk slower , breathe slower , drink water , and try to control your voice .
That does work ; at one point I got a terrible stage fright while walking from the back of a 500 - person - strong room all the way to the podium .
People were turning their heads and I was thinking , " what do I have to tell these people that they could ever find of any interest ? "
Amazingly , slowing my gait did it for me : I simply walked slower , and with each slow step my confidence and calm rose .
By the time I made it to the stage , I was already in shape to deliver the talk .
But it is inevitable that sometimes such voluntary control is not sufficient .
Fortunately , there 's a secret you may not know if you 're a first - time speaker : stage fright does go away .
It just takes a bit of time , and since you 're aware that it will go away , a virtuous circle of sorts will make it go away even faster .
Once you start , simply ignore all the symptoms and go for it .
The stage fright will vanish .
Incredulous ?
Find online some video of a famous speaker 's talk .
Examine their voice and body language in the first 30 seconds , and then fast forward to mid-talk .
Very often you 'll notice perceptible differences in voice pitch and body language .
Most of us have stage fright .
Plow straight through it .
It will disappear .
4. Accumulate reserve power .
People normally listen to music at 1 - 3W of audio power .
However , they prefer to buy more powerful amplifiers .
This is because a 3W amplifier playing at 3W sounds much worse than a 20W amplifier playing at 3W .
The dingy amplifier is already at its limits ; it introduces plenty of distortion and lacks dynamism and clarity .
This is because it does n't have any reserve power left .
Similarly , you should develop an understanding of your material that is way above and beyond the stuff you actually present .
The actual talk should dispense only about 10 % of what you know about the subject .
That , and only that , gives you reserve power .
What 's that good for ?
First , it helps you handle questions saliently .
Many questions will inevitably push beyond the borders of the presented material , so you should have extra knowledge to handle those .
Second , reserve power gives you the liberty to adapt the material to your audience .
Third , it allows you to better drive your point through effectively - because knowing more is also knowing what can be safely left out .
For example , I once gave an invited talk to a group of undergraduate students .
The talk was about some advanced topic and began by briefly presenting some alternative approaches that were wrong or unrecommendable , each for different subtle reasons .
It did n't take long to figure that the students were n't aware of the fallacies of those approaches .
That was n't a problem with their preparation level ; they simply had n't been yet exposed to large - scale software that allows certain phenomena to occur .
Consequently , that made it impossible to make them appreciate the gist of my talk .
So I decided on the spot that my talk will be essentially the expansion of only one slide of the initial presentation ; starting from that slide and with the help of a whiteboard I discussed a range of topics that they found informative .
The point ?
Knowing minute details of the topic involved allows you to take the talk any direction the audience wishes .
Many of us are often tempted , when preparing slides , to insert some helpful material that we do n't know much about but is present in the community lore .
" Possible approaches : X does n't work , Y does n't scale , Z is inefficient . "
Without exception , you must resist that temptation .
A mental image that I enjoy is that I should be able to take any bullet point in any of my presentations and defend it in a court of law .
Be very strict about this principle , it helps your reputation .
Master your material beyond the limits of your presentation .
There is no substitute for knowledge , and since you 're the speaker , it is your primary duty to be knowledgeable of your topic .
Be ready to expand on each and every single statement in your slides .
5 . Two words : unstoppable confidence .
You know your material perfectly ( because you 've internalized point 4 ) so approach your talk from a frame of total confidence .
Confidence is an odd beast .
Many people confuse it with self - esteem , so if they have self - esteem ( as many good hackers do ) they think they 're in good shape .
In fact the two notions are distinct : self - esteem is related to your perception about yourself , whereas confidence is ( careful here ) your perception about others ' perception about you .
If you think you 're okay , you have self - esteem .
If you think others think you 're okay , you have confidence .
People may have one without the other .
The stereotypical high - confidence , low - self - esteem person is the big - mouthed jerk who deep inside fears being a fraud .
Conversely , the shy geek who could get a date " if only she really got to know him " has good self - esteem but low confidence .
Confidence is also not arrogance .
Confidence is about your value as perceived by others .
Arrogance is about your value in direct comparison with others .
Confidence is a claim that you 're good ; arrogance is a claim that you 're better than them .
You need to be highly confident to give a good talk .
Your confidence will make you poised and relaxed and will inspire trust and calm to the audience .
Of course , knowing your material is a prerequisite for acquiring confidence - that 's why point 4 mentions there 's no substitute for knowledge .
But you need more - you need to ooze ultimate comfort with the situation .
Fortunately confidence is one of those " fake it til you make it " traits .
Heed the advice at point 3 , acquire the body language , the attitude , and the thoughts brought about by confidence , and before you know it you 'll have it .
Do n't get all - important ; you did n't solve NP - completeness .
Relax and convey your enthusiasm the way you would with a friend and peer : passionately and convincingly , yet humbly .
6. Connect and stay connected with your audience .
This is a popular public speaking tip , but it is often left too vague to be useful .
Without detail , such a notion evokes some sort of warm and fuzzy feeling that somehow should magically emerge between you and your audience .
I define connecting with your audience in a very pragmatic way .
First , you must develop very early and very acutely an understanding of your audience 's background as it relates to your material .
Second , you must engage the audience at key points in your talk by asking them questions and generally interacting with them .
I 've seen many speakers not realize through an entire talk that they assumed the audience knows stuff it did n't , or , equally bad , assume the audience lacks a certain background .
Solution ?
Simple .
Ask your audience .
I very often start a talk by asking for a show of hands .
" How many here use language X / operating system Y / technology Z in their daily work ?
How about W? T or U , anyone ? "
( Always ask in positive , not negative terms . )
Asking the such has in fact saved my day on more than one occasion ( such as in the example I gave in the previous section ) ; often , the show of hands would indicate the talk as planned would n't be entirely appropriate , so I 'd need to stress on certain aspects and pedal light or omit others .
Staying connected has many other advantages - it's a win all over the place .
It engages people and encourages them to get involved .
It makes them more attentive .
It makes them feel you care about what they know and what they think , and that you are making efforts to convey information they 'll find valuable .
After a good talk , an attendee should ideally feel like an active participant instead of a passive recipient .
Interacting with the audience will munch into the time allocated for the talk , and may become of limited usefulness if e.g. 1 - 2 very active participants monopolize the interaction .
It 's not difficult to keep control of the situation - just do what they do at press conferences : never have the same person have two shots in a row .
Also , explicitly elicit interaction from vague groups who have been silent .
I always insert a joke like : " Right - hand side , any opinion on X ?
You have n't talked to me much yet . "
Connecting with your audience may be made difficult by various circumstances .
You may be on a stage or podium that puts a distance between you and the audience , or the audience 's culture may deem interruptions rude ( happens often in Asian countries ) , or the event may be videorecorded .
In such cases , work with what you have .
You can always elicit a show of hands .
Often you can make a bold move - it has happened to me to go off the podium and briefly hand the microphone ( thank God for wireless mikes ) to someone in the audience .
Remember , people are already inclined to view favorably a slightly unusual move on your part because of point 2 above .
Connect with your audience and stay connected through your talk .
7. Manage your time .
Good time management is an absolutely essential feature of a good speaker .
Handling time is very difficult , and many otherwise excellent speakers fail at it in various ways .
First off , make it an absolutely immutable rule that you finish on time .
You may think there are exceptions ( e.g. no talk after yours ) but there is virtually no circumstance in which you can ignore that rule , and here 's why .
Each person attending a talk makes a mental plan prior to the talk , sets a sort of internal countdown .
" I will sit through this talk until it 's done at 3 pm , then I 'll call my spouse to ask about our hamster 's existential crisis . "
Or whatever .
The time limit is a powerful social contract between the speaker and the audience : the talk , good or bad , will finish at a specific time , at which point the day can continue for everyone .
The timely end of a talk is a perfect climax shared between the speaker and the audience .
You say what you had to say , you 're done , it 's 3 pm , and everybody 's happy .
As in other situations in life , finishing right on time is the best option .
Clearly , there are many situations in which post - talk spooning is recommended .
Often you may be giving the last talk of the day or there might be a generous break before the next talk .
In such cases , you may want to announce that you 'll hang around for taking questions and for a free discussion for anyone who might want .
That 's great - the social contract has been fulfilled , the shared climax has been reached , and you can enjoy some relaxed time together with your audience .
Finishing late can be extremely rude .
A friend of mine was to give a conference talk , but the speaker just before him would n't stop .
My friend kept on gesturing and pointing at his watch , until he had to stand up and say : " You 're fifteen minutes into my talk ! "
Incredibly , that jerk got mad at him - talk about adding insult to injury !
My friend 's time slot was timeboxed ; lunch was right after it , so he could only use less than two thirds of the allocated time .
Needless to say , his talk was a fiasco .
Now , assuming you are convinced that you will always finish on time , I have some bad news : it 's not only about finishing on time - it 's about managing your time throughout the entire talk .
I recently attended a 90 - minutes talk - a conference keynote - by a very engaging speaker .
He had a funny intro and many anecdotes to share but after 80 minutes he was like , " Rats !
We have 10 minute left and we just got to the meat of the talk ! "
He then tried to machine gun through the slides , and of course that did n't help the situation one bit .
The talk had started great but ended with a fizzle ( albeit on time ) .
You must constantly keep in close check the balance of time and that of the material .
Things can get out of sync for any number of reasons , most often questions from the audience ( which are otherwise good per point 6 , so do n't discourage them ) .
If things get out of sync significantly , make an executive decision and always announce it in a poised manner .
" Since we got so excited about topic A , I will skip the following five slides discussing topic B .
You can always find about B in the distributed handouts , and feel free to contact me offline with questions .
Let 's move on to topic C , which I believe is interesting to discuss at this point . "
That always works - it shows the attendees that they have access to the information and also reassures them that you 're in control of the situation .
Time management is very difficult .
I do n't have a recipe to recommend .
Certainly sheer experience does help .
Rehearsing your talk alone gives you a baseline , but it's not that helpful because , as discussed , your talk should not go as rehearsed almost by definition .
A dry run in front of a small audience is highly recommended if you can arrange for such .
Time management is also extremely powerful .
If you have a good grip on time , you can create anticipation - a powerful psychological device .
" Finally , X is most adequate in conjunction to Y . I know that sounds a bit odd , but I 'll explain that relationship in a few minutes . "
The attendees get reassurance that you have an image of the temporal unfolding of the talk and also have their curiosity piqued .
Learn to have a notion of the time balance at any point during the talk , and make and announce executive decisions regarding skipping material if push comes to shove .
8. Remember : it 's a performance , not a presentation .
Look at them .
Twenty , fifty , one hundred , or one thousand persons sitting there and waiting for you to wow them .
You have your material .
I 'm sure it 's wow - worthy , but that wow can be extracted by reading an article .
What really makes those people come and listen to you is the extra umph - the experience you 're providing .
A talk is not a presentation - it is nothing short of a creative endeavor , and you should think of it that way .
The band Queen was famous for its great concerts , which have broken a number of audience and sell - out records and also received unanimous critical praise ( culminating with Channel 4's best live act in history award for Queen 's performance at Live Aid in 1985 ) .
What was the band 's secret ?
At a time when most singers and bands would focus , in concert , on playing each song close to the reference recorded versions , Queen would deliberately approach each concert as a unique event ( the whole show experience , not only the play list , would matter ) ; they would never lip-sync , and they would never attempt to imitate themselves .
They played their songs at their best right then and there , for that public .
That 's what made each of their concerts memorable .
I 'm not saying you should grow your hair or make your entrance on a guitar riff .
But do approach each talk as a performance of your material that will turn as unique as you and your audience can make it .
Simply remembering this is very powerful because it puts you in the right frame of mind .
Many talented hackers give boring presentations because they aim for the standard " let 's make no mistake " presentation style .
They have interesting material , elaborate slides , but they are content with giving a presentation .
You should produce a performance instead .
In giving a talk you must put your enthusiasm , eloquence , humor , and general creativity to work .
That 's what makes your material come to life , and that 's what the audience will remember mostly about you .
Conclusion
To give a good long talk on a technical topic , have something to say ; understand that you are starting from a favored position ; plow through your stage fright without paying attention to it ; accumulate much more expertise in the subject than what you 're disseminating ; establish a frame of confidence ; connect with your audience ; manage your time ; and do n't forget you are there to give a performance , not a presentation .
Acknowledgments
Scott Meyers has shared great insights and tips with me .
He suggested Point 8 .
I 'd also like to thank Leah Pearlman and Brad Roberts for their contribution in preparing this material .
Andrei Alexandrescu
Facebook privacy policies keep going down the drain .
That 's enough reason for many to abandon it .
Here you will find nine more :
After some reflection , I 've decided to delete my account on Facebook .
I 'd like to encourage you to do the same .
This is part altruism and part selfish .
The altruism part is that I think Facebook , as a company , is unethical .
The selfish part is that I 'd like my own social network to migrate away from Facebook so that I 'm not missing anything .
In any event , here 's my " Top Ten " reasons for why you should join me and many others and delete your account .
Advertisement
Let 's start with the basics .
Facebook 's Terms Of Service state that not only do they own your data ( section 2.1 ) , but if you do n't keep it up to date and accurate ( section 4.6 ) , they can terminate your account ( section 14 ) .
You could argue that the terms are just protecting Facebook 's interests , and are not in practice enforced , but in the context of their other activities , this defense is pretty weak .
As you 'll see , there 's no reason to give them the benefit of the doubt .
Essentially , they see their customers as unpaid employees for crowd - sourcing ad - targeting data .
Advertisement
9. Facebook 's CEO has a documented history of unethical behavior
From the very beginning of Facebook 's existence , there are questions about Zuckerberg 's ethics .
According to BusinessInsider.com , he used Facebook user data to guess email passwords and read personal email in order to discredit his rivals .
These allegations , albeit unproven and somewhat dated , nonetheless raise troubling questions about the ethics of the CEO of the world 's largest social network .
They 're particularly compelling given that Facebook chose to fork over $ 65 M to settle a related lawsuit alleging that Zuckerberg had actually stolen the idea for Facebook .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
8. Facebook has flat out declared war on privacy
Founder and CEO of Facebook , in defense of Facebook 's privacy changes last January : " People have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds , but more openly and with more people .
That social norm is just something that has evolved over time . "
More recently , in introducing the Open Graph API : " ... the default is now social . "
Essentially , this means Facebook not only wants to know everything about you , and own that data , but to make it available to everybody .
Which would not , by itself , necessarily be unethical , except that ...
Advertisement
7. Facebook is pulling a classic bait - and - switch
At the same time that they 're telling developers how to access your data with new APIs , they are relatively quiet about explaining the implications of that to members .
What this amounts to is a bait - and - switch .
Facebook gets you to share information that you might not otherwise share , and then they make it publicly available .
Since they are in the business of monetizing information about you for advertising purposes , this amounts to tricking their users into giving advertisers information about themselves .
This is why Facebook is so much worse than Twitter in this regard : Twitter has made only the simplest ( and thus , more credible ) privacy claims and their customers know up front that all their tweets are public .
It 's also why the FTC is getting involved , and people are suing them ( and winning ) .
Advertisement
Check out this excellent timeline from the EFF documenting the changes to Facebook 's privacy policy .
6. Facebook is a bully
When Pete Warden demonstrated just how this bait - and - switch works ( by crawling all the data that Facebook 's privacy settings changes had inadvertently made public ) they sued him .
Keep in mind , this happened just before they announced the Open Graph API and stated that the " default is now social . "
So why sue an independent software developer and fledgling entrepreneur for making data publicly available when you 're actually already planning to do that yourself ?
Their real agenda is pretty clear : they do n't want their membership to know how much data is really available .
It 's one thing to talk to developers about how great all this sharing is going to be ; quite another to actually see what that means in the form of files anyone can download and load into MatLab .
Advertisement
5 . Even your private data is shared with applications
At this point , all your data is shared with applications that you install .
Which means now you 're not only trusting Facebook , but the application developers , too , many of whom are too small to worry much about keeping your data secure .
And some of whom might be even more ethically challenged than Facebook .
In practice , what this means is that all your data - all of it - must be effectively considered public , unless you simply never use any Facebook applications at all .
Coupled with the OpenGraph API , you are no longer trusting Facebook , but the Facebook ecosystem .
Advertisement
4. Facebook is not technically competent enough to be trusted
Even if we were n't talking about ethical issues here , I can't trust Facebook 's technical competence to make sure my data is n't hijacked .
For example , their recent introduction of their " Like " button makes it rather easy for spammers to gain access to my feed and spam my social network .
Or how about this gem for harvesting profile data ?
These are just the latest of a series of Keystone Kops mistakes , such as accidentally making users ' profiles completely public , or the cross - site scripting hole that took them over two weeks to fix .
They either do n't care too much about your privacy or do n't really have very good engineers , or perhaps both .
Advertisement
3 . Facebook makes it incredibly difficult to truly delete your account
It 's one thing to make data public or even mislead users about doing so ; but where I really draw the line is that , once you decide you 've had enough , it 's pretty tricky to really delete your account .
They make no promises about deleting your data and every application you 've used may keep it as well .
On top of that , account deletion is incredibly ( and intentionally ) confusing .
When you go to your account settings , you 're given an option to deactivate your account , which turns out not to be the same thing as deleting it .
Deactivating means you can still be tagged in photos and be spammed by Facebook ( you actually have to opt out of getting emails as part of the deactivation , an incredibly easy detail to overlook , since you think you 're deleting your account ) .
Finally , the moment you log back in , you 're back like nothing ever happened !
In fact , it 's really not much different from not logging in for awhile .
To actually delete your account , you have to find a link buried in the on - line help ( by " buried " I mean it takes five clicks to get there ) .
Or you can just click here .
Basically , Facebook is trying to trick their users into allowing them to keep their data even after they 've " deleted " their account .
Advertisement
2. Facebook does n't ( really ) support the Open Web
The so - called Open Graph API is named so as to disguise its fundamentally closed nature .
It 's bad enough that the idea here is that we all pitch in and make it easier than ever to help Facebook collect more data about you .
It 's bad enough that most consumers will have no idea that this data is basically public .
It 's bad enough that they claim to own this data and are aiming to be the one source for accessing it .
But then they are disingenuous enough to call it " open , " when , in fact , it is completely proprietary to Facebook .
You can't use this feature unless you 're on Facebook .
A truly open implementation would work with whichever social network we prefer , and it would look something like OpenLike .
Similarly , they implement just enough of OpenID to claim they support it , while aggressively promoting a proprietary alternative , Facebook Connect .
Advertisement
1 . The Facebook application itself sucks
Between the farms and the mafia wars and the " top news " ( which always guesses wrong - is that configurable somehow ? ) and the myriad privacy settings and the annoying ads ( with all that data about me , the best they can apparently do is promote dating sites , because , uh , I 'm single ) and the thousands upon thousands of crappy applications , Facebook is almost completely useless to me at this point .
Yes , I could probably customize it better , but the navigation is ridiculous , so I do n't bother .
( And , yet , somehow , I can't even change colors or apply themes or do anything to make my page look personalized . )
Let 's not even get into how slowly your feed page loads .
Basically , at this point , Facebook is more annoying than anything else .
Facebook is clearly determined to add every feature of every competing social network in an attempt to take over the Web ( this is a never - ending quest that goes back to AOL and those damn CDs that were practically falling out of the sky ) .
While Twitter is n't the most usable thing in the world , at least they 've tried to stay focused and are n't trying to be everything to everyone .
Advertisement
I often hear people talking about Facebook as though they were some sort of monopoly or public trust .
Well , they are n't .
They owe us nothing .
They can do whatever they want , within the bounds of the laws .
( And keep in mind , even those criteria are pretty murky when it comes to social networking . )
But that does n't mean we have to actually put up with them .
Furthermore , their long - term success is by no means guaranteed - have we all forgotten MySpace ?
Oh , right , we have .
Regardless of the hype , the fact remains that Sergei Brin or Bill Gates or Warren Buffett could personally acquire a majority stake in Facebook without even straining their bank account .
And Facebook 's revenue remains more or less a rounding error for more established tech companies .
Click to viewWhile social networking is a fun new application category enjoying remarkable growth , Facebook is n't the only game in town .
I do n't like their application nor how they do business and so I 've made my choice to use other providers .
And so can you .
Advertisement
Dan Yoder is a serial entrepreneur and the VP of Engineering at Border Stylo , a Hollywood - based social media startup .
He can be reached on Twitter as @dyoder .
Disclosure by Dan Yoder : I 'm the VP of Engineering for a Hollywood - based social media startup , BorderStylo .
The opinions expressed here are purely my own and are not in any way endorsed by my employer .
While I do not see our applications as directly competitive to Facebook , nor have I presented them as such , it would be disingenuous not to mention this .
Advertisement
Thanks to David Harthcock for creating the great " Ban Facebook " graphic .
At one stage in his career , professional poker player Van Marcus was described as one of the luckiest punters in the game .
But that good fortune deserted him at Crown Casino last night , when his top - of - the - range Ferrari F430 Spider was stolen in a valet parking mishap .
Marcus , a friend of poker World Series winner Joe Hachem , was believed to be inside the casino about 12.30 am today when a man wearing a flannelette shirt and tracksuit pants was handed the car keys to his bright red , high - performance V8 supercar .
Six hours later the luxury vehicle was recovered at the Caltex service station in Barry Road , Coolaroo , on Melbourne 's outer northern edge .
Yakir Segev , who holds the East Jerusalem portfolio in the Jerusalem municipality , made an uncharacteristic remark on Friday , declaring that the Palestinian neighborhood east of the separation fence were " no longer part of the city . "
Some 50,000 Palestinians , identification card holding residents of Jerusalem , live outside the separation fence .
Most of them reside in the northern Jerusalem neighborhoods which are currently under near anarchy due to the fact that Israeli authorities ?
municipality , police , service authorities ?
almost never enter this area and the Palestinian authorities also refrain from entering under Oslo guidelines forbidding them to operate within Jerusalem .
Speaking at Hebrew University , Segev , seen as a right - winger , said Thursday that the reality that has formed in the region is irreversible , and that the separation fence , which many Israelis credit with the dramatic drop in terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians in East Jerusalem and the West Bank , was built for political and demographic reasons - not just security concerns .
" The Jerusalem municipality has no hand in managing these neighborhoods , and does n't have the power to address the difficult situation facing the 55,000 people who live there , " he said .
" The State of Israel has given up , " he went on to say .
" [ The neighborhoods ] are outside the jurisdiction of the state , and certainly the municipality .
For all practical purposes , they are Ramallah . "
" Outside the half delusional right wing camp , I do n't know anyone who wants to enforce Israeli sovereignty over this area , " Segev continued .
" In order to address the problems of East Jerusalem , we must decide on the city 's political future , " he added .
" It is difficult to convince decision makers and the treasury to enlist in helping East Jerusalem when its political future is uncertain . "
Segev also remarked on the phenomenon of Jewish settlements in the heart of Arab neighborhoods , saying that it was not something that the municipality could control .
" The local committee makes a simple decision :
Is this a residential area ?
Did the owner of the property submit proper permits ?
If there are no reasons not to approve the construction in terms of planning , why should n't we approve ?
Because he 's Jewish ?
I think it is a terrible idea to build a Jewish neighborhood in the middle of Shuafat , in the middle of an Arab area .
But at the end of the day , if a Silwan resident sells his home to a Jewish organization , willingly , who are you to butt in and tell him no ?
The Jerusalem municipality will not decide who lives where . "
" We will protect the Jews ' right to live there just as we would protect Arabs ' right to live elsewhere , " he concluded .
BP officials have portrayed measurement efforts as a distraction from the real work of plugging the leak .
Rep. Ed Markey of Massachusetts challenged BP 's estimated flow rate in a letter to the company 's leadership last week , but BP is so far standing by its 5,000 barrel a day figure .
Scientists and environmentalists worry that underestimating the flow rate will skew development of oil spill response capabilities as well as the debate over offshore drilling .
Why BP is digging in its heels on this issue is unclear , given that at this point the company has little to lose -- CEO Tony Hayward has already admitted the spill may well cost him his job .
The company has all available forms of technology at its feet , and , thanks to government oil - spill bailout funds , does not have to worry too much -- for now , at least -- about the cost of the clean - up .
One potential motivator for the company 's behavior may involve its unprecedented use of chemical dispersants .
Responders have been spraying the dispersants across the oil slick and applying them underwater as well .
The discrepancy between the volume measurements based on the surface slick and those gleaned from the underwater footage may mean that the dispersants are working , breaking the oil into distinct particles before it reaches the surface in slick form .
Depending on the long - term effects the toxic chemicals could have on marine life , the dispersant approach may or may not be worth its environmental risk .
But for BP , using the chemicals make perfect sense .
They literally subvert the oil 's damage , avoiding fouled coastlines in favor of besieged underwater ecosystems .
The scientists who discovered the oil plumes found that the plumes were severely depleting oxygen levels , posing a grave risk to sea life :
Dr. Joye said the findings about declining oxygen levels were especially worrisome , since oxygen is so slow to move from the surface of the ocean to the bottom .
She suspects that oil - eating bacteria are consuming the oxygen at a feverish clip as they work to break down the plumes .
While the oxygen depletion so far is not enough to kill off sea life , the possibility looms that oxygen levels could fall so low as to create large dead zones , especially at the seafloor .
If the oil - eating bacteria are in fact devouring oxygen at a harmful rate , the dispersants are most likely contributing to this process .
One of the reasons for breaking the oil into smaller droplets is to facilitate oil - eating bacteria 's access to it .
If these bacteria are also consuming the oxygen that marine ecosystems need to survive , the dispersant effort could prove counterproductive .
But it could also change the way people remember this spill -- and how much accountability they ultimately expect for it .
Once the leak is plugged and the oil is dispersed throughout the Gulf , who 's to say for certain whether BP 's blown well gushed 5,000 or 80,000 barrels of oil a day ?
Old English ascian " ask , call for an answer ; make a request , " from earlier ahsian , from Proto - Germanic * aiskojanan ( source also of Old Saxon escon , Old Frisian askia " request , demand , ask , " Middle Dutch eiscen , Dutch eisen " to ask , demand , " Old High German eiscon " to ask ( a question ) , " German heischen " to ask , demand " ) , from PIE * ais - " to wish , desire " ( source also of Sanskrit icchati " seeks , desires , " Armenian aic " investigation , " Old Church Slavonic iskati " to seek , " Lithuanian ie škau , ie škoti " to seek " ) .
Form in English influenced by a Scandinavian cognate ( such as Danish æske ; the Old English would have evolved by normal sound changes into ash , esh , which was a Midlands and southwestern England dialect form ) .
Modern dialectal ax is as old as Old English acsian and was an accepted literary variant until c. 1600 .
Related : Asked ; asking .
Old English also had fregnan / frignan which carried more directly the sense of " question , inquire , " and is from PIE root * prek- , the common source of words for " ask " in most Indo - European languages ( see pray ) .
If you ask me " in my opinion " is attested from 1910 .
A Transportation Security Administration agent has been arrested for allegedly stealing nearly $ 500 dollars from a wheelchair bound passenger as she passed through a security checkpoint at Newark Airport .
Leroy Ray allegedly went into the disabled woman 's bag as it passed through the X - ray machine .
Ray was caught on surveillance video on February 3 , 2010 , reaching into the woman 's bag to steal an envelope of cash , according to a criminal complaint .
The fiftyish year old woman , investigators said , was from North Jersey and was flying out of Newark to visit relatives overseas .
She apparently checked her purse several minutes after going through security , found the missing money , and went back to complain .
The victim reported $ 300 dollars in cash in a white envelope was missing as was $ 195 dollars that was in a zippered pocket of the bag .
When the woman returned to the C - 1 checkpoint to complain , Ray allegedly left his post and quickly left the area .
When Ray returned to the checkpoint , he allegedly saw the woman there and then went to the Lost and Found office to turn in the envelope , the feds alleged .
TSA 's own Inspections Division helped uncover the alleged wrongdoing .
The TSA emailed NBC New York a statement " TSA will continue to move swiftly and decisively to end the federal career of any employee who engages in illegal activity on the job . "
In screening more than 2 million passengers a day nationwide , the TSA 's Ann Davis told us 23 security officers have been " removed / terminated for theft from the check point or checked baggage " since the beginning of 2007 .
Ray , an eight - year veteran of the TSA who also appeared to hold a job with a private security firm , had no comment on leaving the federal courthouse .
But his attorney , Brian Hill , said " I 've known him for a long time and everything about these allegations appear to be out of character for him . "
Ray , 45 , was released on $ 1000 bail after an appearance in federal court in Newark .
Meanwhile , fliers at Newark Liberty Airport today were aghast at the charges .
" I watch it like a hawk , " said Lynne DeSherbinin of Norwalk , Conn. of her possessions , just before catching a flight out of Newark .
But another flier , Jose Ramirez , of Piscataway , N.J. admitted " They 're federal employees so you would n't expect like that to happen to you . "
Follow Brian Thompson on Twitter @brian4NY
Follow Jonathan Dienst on Twitter @jonathan4NY
WNBC Jonathan Dienst , Brian Thompson and Ryan Smith contributed to this report
Jonathan Dienst WNBC
Read here and here ( PDF ) .
Scientists produced a temperature reconstruction from a cave 's stalagmite .
Roman and Medieval warmings found to range from 1.1 °C to 2.3 °C higher than the 3,000 year mean .
The Little Ice Age climate temperatures documented to have been 1.2 °C lower than mean .
In summary , the stalagmite records reveal a climate range of temperature changes of 3.5 °C , prior to any industrial / consumer CO2 emissions from fossil fuels .
" The climate record derived from China 's Jingdong Cave is just another example of what is being found in paleoclimate studies all around the world .
There is an externally - forced millennial - scale climatic oscillation of probable solar origin that periodically brings the world relatively warmer and colder conditions , irrespective of whatever may or may not be happening to the air 's CO2 content .
The Modern Warm Period would thus appear to be nothing more than the most recent expression of this phenomenon . "
Image caption Apple 's innovations have inspired a vast following
Apple has pushed past arch-rival Microsoft to become the world 's biggest technology company .
Changes in the share price values of the two in Wednesday 's choppy trading left the total value of Apple at $ 222bn ( £ 154bn ) .
Microsoft is now valued by investors at $ 219bn .
However , Microsoft still enjoys higher profits than Apple .
Its most recent annual net profit was $ 14.6 bn ( £ 10bn ) , compared with $ 5.7bn for Apple .
Microsoft also reported bigger full - year revenues of $ 58.4bn , with Apple on $ 36.5 bn .
Apple 's shares closed Wednesday trading down 0.4 % at $ 244.11 , while Microsoft fell by 4 % to $ 25.01 .
i Phone boost
The value of a listed company , known as market capitalisation , is calculated by multiplying the number of shares in a company by the current share price .
MICROSOFT V APPLE Annual revenues : Microsoft $ 58.4bn , Apple $ 36.5 bn
Annual net profits : Microsoft $ 14.6bn , Apple $ 5.7bn
Earnings per share : Microsoft $ 1.62 , Apple $ 6.29
Price / earnings ratio : Microsoft 12.8 , Apple 24 .
Apple , which makes computers , iPods , iPhones and now iPads , almost went out of business in the 1990s .
Its growth is partly owing to the launch of the iPod in 2001 .
Although the iPod works with computers running Microsoft 's Windows operating systems , it encouraged more people to to buy one of Apple 's computers .
The big popularity of the iPhone , which has become a big seller since it was first released in 2007 , has further boosted Apple 's profits and revenues .
It 's a long game , we have good competitors ... we too are a very good competitor Steve Ballmer , Microsoft chief executive
The handset has brought internet access on the move to the mass market , and led to an explosion in downloadable mobile " apps " - applications that enable a huge range of activities , from map reading to booking restaurants .
A new version of the iPhone is expected to be unveiled next month .
Meanwhile , this week sees the launch in the UK and eight other countries of Apple 's iPad tablet computer .
This has already proven to be a big seller in the US , so much so that the UK launch was postponed to enable Apple to keep up with demand in the US .
Heyday
Apple has to look back to late 1989 to see the last time it was a bigger company than Microsoft .
Image caption Microsoft makes most of its money from operating systems and software
Microsoft , whose operating system runs on more than 90 % of the world 's personal computers , has not been able to match growth rates from its heyday of the 1990s .
Microsoft continues to make the majority of its earnings from its software and operating systems , and has struggled to successfully diversify into other products .
However , Microsoft has achieved success with its XBox games console .
Questioned on the news that Apple was now a bigger company , Microsoft 's chief executive Steve Ballmer said his firm would continue to follow a long - term strategy .
" It 's a long game , we have good competitors ... we too are a very good competitor , " he said .
" We are executing very well and that is going to lead to great products and great success . "
supernovamaniac Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 3003 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 06:10:29 # 1
Short version and what it might means
Blizzard and Gretech - GomTV signed a partnership contract which gives GomTV the exclusive rights to operate and broadcast tournaments for ALL Blizzard games in Korea .
This means OnGameNet and MBCGame no longer have the right to broadcast nor operate their leagues ( MSL , OSL , PL ) , nor does KeSPA have the right to operate their league ( PL ) .
However , Blizzard is allowing them to continue to operate their leagues until August , which is the end of this proleague season .
Blizzard seems to have opened the door for other companies such as OGN or MBCGame to reach separate agreements with GomTV , so that they can continue to operate their leagues for some price .
GomTV 's representative also openly invited the OGN and MBCGame to cooperate with them .
Oh , and there 's always the possibility that KeSPA will take them to court .
Blizzard and Gretech - GomTV signed a partnership contract which gives GomTV the exclusive rights to operate and broadcast tournaments for ALL Blizzard games in Korea .
This means OnGameNet and MBCGame no longer have the right to broadcast nor operate their leagues ( MSL , OSL , PL ) , nor does KeSPA have the right to operate their league ( PL ) .
However , Blizzard is allowing them to continue to operate their leagues until August , which is the end of this proleague season .
Blizzard seems to have opened the door for other companies such as OGN or MBCGame to reach separate agreements with GomTV , so that they can continue to operate their leagues for some price .
GomTV 's representative also openly invited the OGN and MBCGame to cooperate with them .
Oh , and there 's always the possibility that KeSPA will take them to court .
Update - May 27th : Mike Morhaime 's letter to Korean e-Sports fans .
Mike Morhaime 's letter to Korean e-Sports fans .
Update - May 27th : Blizzard to give grace period until August , all other parties must negotiate with Gom
Blizzard to give grace period until August , all other parties must negotiate with Gom Update - May 28th : KeSPA Speaks out on the situation .
More on the bottom of the thread after Mike Morhaime 's letter
Source :
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=107126&db=issue
Entertainment Software Development company and Game Publisher Blizzard Entertainment has made a partnership agreement , as well as broadcasting rights , with Gretec 's internet broadcasting channel Gom - TV on May 26th , 2010 .
Through this partnership , Gom - TV will now have exclusive rights to broadcasting e-Sports matches and tournaments that involves games such as upcoming Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty , Brood War , Warcraft 3 , WoW and other expansion packs that will go along with these games .
Since 2009 , Gom - TV has been cooperating with Blizzard Entertainment and held tournaments such as Starcraft , Warcraft 3 , and WoW .
Through this new e-Sports partnership , Blizzard and Gom - TV will deliver the high - quality and exciting tournaments and events straight to the Korean fans , which the Korean fans love .
Paul Sams said " We , the Blizzard Entertainment , are happy to work with people who share the same passion with us , as well as understanding our visions in Korean and international level .
Since Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty is due soon , we are expecting to broadcast fast and exciting games to the Korean e-Sports fans through Gom - TV "
Bae In - Shik , Gom - TV spokesperson , commented " [ We are ] happy that the fans will be able to enjoy the Blizzard game tournaments in the near future .
In the upcoming Starcraft II tournament , hosted by Gom - TV , we will open the doors to the current Starcraft Pro-gamers in Korea so that they can participate in the tournament .
We are also looking to cooperate with other e-Sports related broadcasting companies . "
Gom - TV will host Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty tournament after it's official release on July 27th , as well as a Ladder Tournament that will be held by both Gom - TV and Blizzard Entertainment .
Also , Gom - TV will host Global Starcraft II league , Starcraft II World Championship , as well as Clan Battles and Streak ( ? )
Battles in the future .
All other future league and event palns will be released later .
Original post :
+ Show Spoiler +
엔터테인먼트 소프트웨어 개발 및 퍼블리싱 업계의 선두주자인 블리자드 엔터테인먼 트( Blizzard Entertainment ,
이번 파트너십 체결을 통해 , 곰 TV 는 앞으로 3 년 간 블리자드 엔터테인먼트의 기대작인 실시간 전략 게임 스타크래프 트
II : 자유의 날개( StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty ™ ) 와 스타크래프트 : 브루드 워 , 워크래프트 III , 월드 오브 워크래프트와 추후 확장팩 등 블리자드 게임에 기반한 국내에서의 토너먼트 개최 및 e스포츠 행사 방송에 대한 독점적인 권한을 보유하게 된다 .
곰 TV 는 지난 2009 년부 터 블리자드 엔터테인먼트와의 협력을 통해 스타크래프트 , 워크래프트 III , 월드 오브 워크래프트 관련 토너먼트를 개최해 왔다 .
이번 e스포츠 파트너십을 통해 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 와 곰 TV 는 국내 e 스포츠 팬들이 선호하는 경쟁적인 블리자드 게임에 기반한 뛰어난 퀄리티의 흥미진진한 토너먼트와 이벤트를 지속적으로 국내 게이머들에게 제공하게 될 것이다 .
폴 샘즈( Paul Sams ) 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 최고 운영 책임자는 “ 블리자드 엔터테인먼트는 자사의 e스포츠 비전을 이해하며 국내는 물론 글로벌 e스포츠의 성장 및 발전에 대해 자사와 같은 열정을 공유한 파트너와 함께 일하게 되어 기쁘다 ” 며 , “ 스타크래프 트 II : 자유의 날개의 출시가 다가옴에 따라 , 우리는 곰 TV 와 함께 빠른 경기 진행과 흥미진진한 경쟁 구조의 게임 이벤트들을 국내 e스포츠 팬들에게 제공할 수 있게 되기를 기대한다 ” 고 밝혔다 .
배인식 곰TV 대표는 “ 기존의 e스포츠 팬들이 지속적으로 블리자드 게임의 토너먼트를 즐길 수 있게 된 점에 대해 매우 기쁘다 ” 며
“ 향후 곰 TV 가 개최하는 스타크래프 트 II 대회는 세계 최고의 기량을 자랑하는 국내 스타크래프트 프로게이머들이 자유롭게 참가할 수 있도록 문호를 개방할 것이며 , e스포츠 방송 분야를 개척한 방송사들과도 협력할 수 있기를 기대한다 ” 고 밝혔다 .
7 월 27일에 있을 스타크래프트 II : 자유의 날개 공식 출시 이후 곰 TV 는 스타크래프 트 II 리그를 개최할 예정이며 , 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 는 곰 TV 와 함께 스타크래프 트 II 래더 토너먼트를 개최할 것이다 .
또한 , 곰TV 는 한국은 물론 해외 유명 게이머들까지 참가하는 글로벌 리그인 스타크래프 트 II 월드 챔피언십을 지속적으로 개최할 예정이며 , 이 외에도 클랜 대항전 , 연승전 등을 통해 국내 e스포츠 팬들에게 다양한 e스포츠 컨텐츠를 선보일 계획이다 .
아울러 향후 리그 및 이벤트에 대해서는 추후 발표될 예정이다 .
엔터테인먼트 소프트웨어 개발 및 퍼블리싱 업계의 선두주자인 블리자드 엔터테인먼 트( Blizzard Entertainment , www.blizzard.com)는 ㈜그래텍의 인터넷 방송 채널인 곰 TV 와 의 e스포츠 및 방송 파트너십을 위한 계약을 ㈜그래텍 과 5 월 26 일 체결했다고 발표했다 .이번 파트너십 체결을 통해 , 곰 TV 는 앞으로 3 년 간 블리자드 엔터테인먼트의 기대작인 실시간 전략 게임 스타크래프 트
II : 자유의 날개( StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty ™ ) 와 스타크래프트 : 브루드 워 , 워크래프트 III , 월드 오브 워크래프트와 추후 확장팩 등 블리자드 게임에 기반한 국내에서의 토너먼트 개최 및 e스포츠 행사 방송에 대한 독점적인 권한을 보유하게 된다 .
곰TV는 지난 2009 년부터 블리자드 엔터테인먼트와의 협력을 통해 스타크래프트 , 워크래프트 III , 월드 오브 워크래프트 관련 토너먼트를 개최해 왔다 .
이번 e스포츠 파트너십을 통해 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 와 곰 TV 는 국내 e 스포츠 팬들이 선호하는 경쟁적인 블리자드 게임에 기반한 뛰어난 퀄리티의 흥미진진한 토너먼트와 이벤트를 지속적으로 국내 게이머들에게 제공하게 될 것이다 .폴 샘 즈( Paul Sams ) 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 최고 운영 책임자는 “ 블리자드 엔터테인먼트는 자사의 e스포츠 비전을 이해하며 국내는 물론 글로벌 e스포츠의 성장 및 발전에 대해 자사와 같은 열정을 공유한 파트너와 함께 일하게 되어 기쁘다 ” 며 , “ 스타크래프 트 II : 자유의 날개의 출시가 다가옴에 따라 , 우리는 곰 TV 와 함께 빠른 경기 진행과 흥미진진한 경쟁 구조의 게임 이벤트들을 국내 e스포츠 팬들에게 제공할 수 있게 되기를 기대한다 ” 고 밝혔다.배인식 곰TV 대표는 “ 기존의 e스포츠 팬들이 지속적으로 블리자드 게임의 토너먼트를 즐길 수 있게 된 점에 대해 매우 기쁘다 ” 며
“ 향후 곰 TV 가 개최하는 스타크래프 트 II 대회는 세계 최고의 기량을 자랑하는 국내 스타크래프트 프로게이머들이 자유롭게 참가할 수 있도록 문호를 개방할 것이며 , e스포츠 방송 분야를 개척한 방송사들과도 협력할 수 있기를 기대한다 ” 고 밝혔 다.7 월 27일에 있을 스타크래프트 II : 자유의 날개 공식 출시 이후 곰 TV 는 스타크래프 트
II 리그를 개최할 예정이며 , 블리자드 엔터테인먼트 는 곰 TV 와 함께 스타크래프 트 II 래더 토너먼트를 개최할 것이다.또한 , 곰 TV 는 한국은 물론 해외 유명 게이머들까지 참가하는 글로벌 리그인 스타크래프 트
II 월드 챔피언십을 지속적으로 개최할 예정이며 , 이 외에도 클랜 대항전 , 연승전 등을 통해 국내 e스포츠 팬들에게 다양한 e스포츠 컨텐츠를 선보일 계획이다 .
아울러 향후 리그 및 이벤트에 대해서는 추후 발표될 예정이다 .
NEWS ON CHARGING :
GomTV is FREE .
Why are people discussing the fee then ?
Because GomTV offers high - quality stream with Maneul ( Or if translated , Garlic ) , which can be purchased .
Blizzard to give grace period until August , all other parties must negotiate with Gom
Source :
Blizzard stated " With the recent agreement , the rights to operate and broadcast all Blizzard game leagues including Starcraft II belong to GomTV , and [ all tournaments ] must be run after negotiating with GomTV . "
In the case of the present leagues , Blizzard representatives stated " in consideration of the fans and players , the presently running Starcraft 1 leagues will be allowed to suspend negotiations [ with gom ] until August of this year , or another solution will be found . "
Mike Morhaime 's letter to Korean e-Sports fans
Source : Blizzard via
To everyone in the Korean Starcraft community ,
There have been several recent events regarding Blizzard ’s involvement in Korean e-Sports .
I ’d like to take this opportunity to explain our stance on the current situation , and Blizzard ’s position and vision for the future of e-Sports .
But before I begin , I need to clearly explain the relationship between Blizzard and the Korea e-Sports association , and why we made the decision to stop trying to negotiate with the KeSPA office as a partner .
In 2007 , we were shocked and disappointed to learn that KeSPA had illegally sold the broadcasting rights for Starcraft tournaments without our consent .
With this clear violation of our intellectual property rights , we were forced to become more actively involved in the situation and make our voice be heard .
Even so , we began talks with KeSPA in good faith so we could find a way to protect our intellectual property rights as well as help e-Sports to grow further .
For the following three years , we tried very hard to have negotiations where we could correct a skewed situation and reach mutual understanding .
However , during this process , what we learned was that KeSPA did not recognize our intellectual property rights , and that our suggestions even up to this day , echoed unheard while KeSPA offered no solutions of their own .
Furthermore , the KeSPA office prevented progame teams or progamers from contacting Blizzard by threatening ‘ disadvantages . ’
Unlike the negative rumors you might have heard , Blizzard ’s intention towards e-Sports is not to ‘ dominate ’ it and create excessive profits from it .
From the beginning of the negotiations up to now , the basic framework we have thought of is one where e-Sports can continue to grow , while we can protect our intellectual property rights .
With the release of “ Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty ” approaching , we decided we could not delay any further in finding a trustworthy partner who respected our intellectual property rights , and decided it was time to find a new way altogether .
As a result of that decision , we signed a contract with GomTV which we announced today , which gives them the exclusive rights to hold and broadcast Blizzard game tournaments in Korea .
We have cooperated closely with GomTV in the past , and discovered in the process that we have similar values and goals in e-Sports .
Also , we believe that GomTV is a capable partner with whom we can not only advance e-Sports in Korea , but in the entire world as well .
We are very proud that Starcraft contributed greatly to Korea becoming a global forerunner in e-Sports .
We eagerly await the day when we can support progamers , or GomTV in their efforts to cooperate with the other broadcast companies in the world of e-Sports .
We will continue to do our best for the development of e-Sports , and to that end we will improve the quality of matches and add features that will create competitive factors for the enjoyment of the audience .
As always , we are deeply thankful for your understanding and support , and we are always open to your thoughts opinions .
Thank you ,
Mike Morhaime
KeSPA Speaks out on the situation .
More on the bottom of the thread after Mike Morhaime 's letterSource : Entertainment Software Development company and Game Publisher Blizzard Entertainment has made a partnership agreement , as well as broadcasting rights , with Gretec 's internet broadcasting channel Gom - TV on May 26th , 2010 .
Through this partnership , Gom - TV will now have exclusive rights to broadcasting e-Sports matches and tournaments that involves games such as upcoming Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty , Brood War , Warcraft 3 , WoW and other expansion packs that will go along with these games .
Since 2009 , Gom - TV has been cooperating with Blizzard Entertainment and held tournaments such as Starcraft , Warcraft 3 , and WoW .
Through this new e-Sports partnership , Blizzard and Gom - TV will deliver the high - quality and exciting tournaments and events straight to the Korean fans , which the Korean fans love .
Paul Sams said " We , the Blizzard Entertainment , are happy to work with people who share the same passion with us , as well as understanding our visions in Korean and international level .
Since Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty is due soon , we are expecting to broadcast fast and exciting games to the Korean e-Sports fans through Gom - TV" Bae In - Shik , Gom - TV spokesperson , commented " [ We are ] happy that the fans will be able to enjoy the Blizzard game tournaments in the near future .
In the upcoming Starcraft II tournament , hosted by Gom - TV , we will open the doors to the current Starcraft Pro-gamers in Korea so that they can participate in the tournament .
We are also looking to cooperate with other e-Sports related broadcasting companies .
" Gom - TV will host Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty tournament after it's official release on July 27th , as well as a Ladder Tournament that will be held by both Gom - TV and Blizzard Entertainment .
Also , Gom - TV will host Global Starcraft II league , Starcraft II World Championship , as well as Clan Battles and Streak ( ? )
Battles in the future .
All other future league and event palns will be released later .
Original post : NEWS ON CHARGING : GomTV is FREE .
Why are people discussing the fee then ?
Because GomTV offers high - quality stream with Maneul ( Or if translated , Garlic ) , which can be purchased .
Source : Game Chosun Blizzard stated " With the recent agreement , the rights to operate and broadcast all Blizzard game leagues including Starcraft II belong to GomTV , and [ all tournaments ] must be run after negotiating with GomTV .
"
In the case of the present leagues , Blizzard representatives stated " in consideration of the fans and players , the presently running Starcraft 1 leagues will be allowed to suspend negotiations [ with gom ] until August of this year , or another solution will be found .
" Source : Blizzard via Fomos
To everyone in the Korean Starcraft community , There have been several recent events regarding Blizzard ’s involvement in Korean e-Sports .
I ’d like to take this opportunity to explain our stance on the current situation , and Blizzard ’s position and vision for the future of e-Sports .
But before I begin , I need to clearly explain the relationship between Blizzard and the Korea e-Sports association , and why we made the decision to stop trying to negotiate with the KeSPA office as a partner .
In 2007 , we were shocked and disappointed to learn that KeSPA had illegally sold the broadcasting rights for Starcraft tournaments without our consent .
With this clear violation of our intellectual property rights , we were forced to become more actively involved in the situation and make our voice be heard .
Even so , we began talks with KeSPA in good faith so we could find a way to protect our intellectual property rights as well as help e-Sports to grow further .
For the following three years , we tried very hard to have negotiations where we could correct a skewed situation and reach mutual understanding .
However , during this process , what we learned was that KeSPA did not recognize our intellectual property rights , and that our suggestions even up to this day , echoed unheard while KeSPA offered no solutions of their own .
Furthermore , the KeSPA office prevented progame teams or progamers from contacting Blizzard by threatening ‘ disadvantages . ’
Unlike the negative rumors you might have heard , Blizzard ’s intention towards e-Sports is not to ‘ dominate ’ it and create excessive profits from it .
From the beginning of the negotiations up to now , the basic framework we have thought of is one where e-Sports can continue to grow , while we can protect our intellectual property rights .
With the release of “ Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty ” approaching , we decided we could not delay any further in finding a trustworthy partner who respected our intellectual property rights , and decided it was time to find a new way altogether .
As a result of that decision , we signed a contract with GomTV which we announced today , which gives them the exclusive rights to hold and broadcast Blizzard game tournaments in Korea .
We have cooperated closely with GomTV in the past , and discovered in the process that we have similar values and goals in e-Sports .
Also , we believe that GomTV is a capable partner with whom we can not only advance e-Sports in Korea , but in the entire world as well .
We are very proud that Starcraft contributed greatly to Korea becoming a global forerunner in e-Sports .
We eagerly await the day when we can support progamers , or GomTV in their efforts to cooperate with the other broadcast companies in the world of e-Sports .
We will continue to do our best for the development of e-Sports , and to that end we will improve the quality of matches and add features that will create competitive factors for the enjoyment of the audience .
As always , we are deeply thankful for your understanding and support , and we are always open to your thoughts opinions .
Thank you , Mike Morhaime KeSPA Responds
Source :
KeSPA will release their statement through press conference .
When they were asked for their opinion on the Blizzard - GomTV partnership agreement statement on May 27th , KeSPA replied " We will release an official statement through next week 's press conference . "
Through the new partnership between Blizzard and Gretech , GomTV has the exclusive rights to the Blizzard game events for next 3 years .
Thus , people are curious on KeSPA 's response to this situation .
During the phone interview between fomos and KeSPA President Kim Chul - Hak , Mr. Kim said " KeSPA did not release any official response regarding this situation .
We will most likely hold a press conference around next Monday , and we will release our official statement at the conference .
We are planning to have the press conference next Monday , and we will release more details about it on Friday , May 28th . "
Original Post :
+ Show Spoiler + 한국e스포츠협회가 기자 회견을 통해 입장을 표명할 것으로 보인다 .
한국e스포츠협회는 27일 , 블리자드와 곰 TV 의 파트너십 계약 체결 발표에 대한 입장을 묻자 " 다음 주 기자 회견을 통해 공식 입장을 표명하겠다 " 고 밝혔다 .
블리자드와 그래텍이 파트너쉽 계약을 체결함에 따라 , 곰 TV 는 향후 3년 간 블리자드 게임에 대한 지적재산권을 행사할 수 있게 됐다 .
이에 스타크래프트를 중심으로 프로리그 등을 주관하고 있는 한국e스포츠협회의 반응에 대한 궁금증이 커지고 있는 상황이다 .
이에 대해 한국e스포츠협회 사업기획국 김철학 국장은 기자와의 전화 통화에서 " 일단 협회는 어떤 매체를 통해서도 공식적인 입장을 밝히지 않았다 " 며
" 다음주 월요일 정도에 기자 회견을 열고 여기에서 협회의 공식 입장을 표명할 계획이다 .
기자 회견은 일단 다음주 월요 일( 31 일 ) 정도로 계획하고 있으며 자세한 일정은 내일 ( 28 일 ) 발표하겠다 " 고 말했다 .
Poll :
Poll :
Is this going to turn out well ?
Yes ( 1162 )
65 %
No ( 583 )
33 %
I do n't think it will have an impact at all ( 30 )
2 %
1775 total votes ( 1162) 65 %( 583) 33%( 30 ) 2%1775 total votes
Your vote :
Is this going to turn out well ?
( Vote ) : Yes
( Vote ) : No
( Vote ) : I do n't think it will have an impact at all
Some netizen quotes :
" 곰TV 가 CJ그룹거라....온게임넷에서 방송하게되어있다 ...다만 온게임넷이..케스파이사인데.....관계가 껄끄럽겠구만 . ㅋ "
So Gom - TV is CJ 's now ... ( since both companies are under CJ ) They will broadcast this on OnGameNet ... but wait OnGameNet ... it 's related to KeSPA ... the relationship is going to be awkward ( or somewhere along the lines of that ) .
" ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 너무 웃긴다 온엠이 망하는지 스 타2 가 망하는지 봐라 ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋ "
HAHAHAHAHA let 's wait and see which fails first : OnGameNet or Starcraft II
" ㅄ같은 해설 듣게 생겼 네 "
Sigh we are going to hear retarded comments from commentators now
" 해설 어쩔거야 ! "
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO WITH COMMENTS DURING GAMES !
" 아직 정황 파악이 안되는 분들이 많으신거 같네요 .
곰tv와 계약 안하면 앞으로의 리그는 물론 지금까지 찍어놨던 필름 재방송도 못합니다 .
아예 스타관련 방송을 송출할수 없게 됩니다 .
그러니 gg치는 방법밖에 없는거죠 .
케스파는 블리자드가 그 조건 걸때 샀어야 더 이득이었을겁니다 . "
Some of you guys do n't get this .
The current leagues and future leagues , as well as past games , cannot be broadcasted on other channels now without an agreement with Gom - TV .
Essentially , hey can't broadcast Starcraft related shows .
So what can they do except typing gg ?
KeSPA should 've made an agreement with Blizzard when they offered the deal , which I think , would have been better .
( Credits to Milkis for the ones below )
곰 TV 돈내고 봐야 할건데 ㅋ 이제동 짱
>>
You 'll need to pay to watch GomTV lol , Jaedong is awesome
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ블리자드 온겜엠겜양대디스넼ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ이제
양대방송사는 곰티비한테 졸라 굽실거리게 될겅 미
>> looooooooooooooooooooooool blizzard just dissed OGN and MBC looooooooooooooooooooooooooool OGN and MBC is going to get owned by GomTV
과연 온겜이나 엠겜 처럼 전문 게임채널에서 방송을 안하고 스 타1처 럼 성공할수있을까 ?난절대 성공못한다고본다 길어야 1년2 년일듯..
>>
I wonder if they can succeed like Star1 without having a professional game channel .
I think they 'll never succeed .
one or two years max
기존에 기반이 있는 방송사들은 무시할 수 없지만 여기에 개스파 이야기는 없음 ㅇㅇㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 근데 곰티비 해설진들 실력이 너무 개 똥망이 라
>>
You can't ignore the broadcasting stations with firm foundations but there 's no Kespa talk here looooooool but GomTV commentators 's skills are dogshit
블리자드 ㅂㅈ들 잘됐다 난 이참에 스타 끊어야겠 다
>>
Good job Blizzard you retards I 'm going to use this opportunity to stop starcraft
온미디어는 CJ꺼니 온겜은 계속 나온다 걱정하지 말아라 아그들아 그냥 엠겜만 불쌍하 지
>> since OGN is owned by CJ OGN will continue to broadcast stop worrying .
Poor MBCGame though
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=107165&db=issue&cate=&page=1&field=&kwrd=
Agreement between GOM TV and Blizzard is a confidential agreement .
Secret Agreement , first step towards tyranny .
gg .
http://admin09.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=107166&db=issue
CJ has nothing to do with GOM TV or the decision -- they 're just a stock holder and really have no say in their decisions .
I think I should especially thank the mods for keeping this thread up to date with new incoming news , as well as the letter from Mike Morhaime !
Source : http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=107176&db=issue&cate=&page=1&field=&kwrd=
KeSPA will release their statement through press conference .
When they were asked for their opinion on the Blizzard - GomTV partnership agreement statement on May 27th , KeSPA replied " We will release an official statement through next week 's press conference .
" Through the new partnership between Blizzard and Gretech , GomTV has the exclusive rights to the Blizzard game events for next 3 years .
Thus , people are curious on KeSPA 's response to this situation .
During the phone interview between fomos and KeSPA President Kim Chul - Hak , Mr. Kim said " KeSPA did not release any official response regarding this situation .
We will most likely hold a press conference around next Monday , and we will release our official statement at the conference .
We are planning to have the press conference next Monday , and we will release more details about it on Friday , May 28th .
" Original Post : Poll : Some netizen quotes : " 곰TV 가 CJ그룹거라....온게임넷에서 방송하게되어있다 ...다만 온게임넷이..케스파이사인데.....관계가 껄끄럽겠구만 .
ㅋ" So Gom - TV is CJ 's now ... ( since both companies are under CJ ) They will broadcast this on OnGameNet ... but wait OnGameNet ... it 's related to KeSPA ... the relationship is going to be awkward ( or somewhere along the lines of that ) . " ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 너무 웃긴다 온엠이 망하는지 스 타2 가 망하는지 봐라 ㅋㅋㅋ ㅋ" HAHAHAHAHA let 's wait and see which fails first : OnGameNet or Starcraft II " ㅄ같은 해설 듣게 생겼 네" Sigh we are going to hear retarded comments from commentators now " 해설 어쩔거야 !
" WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO WITH COMMENTS DURING GAMES !" 아직 정황 파악이 안되는 분들이 많으신거 같네요 .
곰tv와 계약 안하면 앞으로의 리그는 물론 지금까지 찍어놨던 필름 재방송도 못합니다 .
아예 스타관련 방송을 송출할수 없게 됩니다 .
그러니 gg치는 방법밖에 없는거죠 .
케스파는 블리자드가 그 조건 걸때 샀어야 더 이득이었을겁니다 .
" Some of you guys do n't get this .
The current leagues and future leagues , as well as past games , cannot be broadcasted on other channels now without an agreement with Gom - TV .
Essentially , hey can't broadcast Starcraft related shows .
So what can they do except typing gg ?
KeSPA should 've made an agreement with Blizzard when they offered the deal , which I think , would have been better .
( Credits to Milkis for the ones below ) 곰TV 돈내고 봐야 할건데 ㅋ 이제동짱 >>
You 'll need to pay to watch GomTV lol , Jaedong is awesome ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ블리자드 온겜엠겜양대디스넼ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ이제 양대방송사는 곰티비한테 졸라 굽실거리게 될겅미 >>
looooooooooooooooooooooool blizzard just dissed OGN and MBC looooooooooooooooooooooooooool OGN and MBC is going to get owned by GomTV 과 연 온겜이나 엠겜 처럼 전문 게임채널에서 방송을 안하고 스 타1처 럼 성공할수있을까 ?난절대 성공못한다고본다 길어야 1년2 년일듯 ..>>
I wonder if they can succeed like Star1 without having a professional game channel .
I think they 'll never succeed .
one or two years max기존에 기반이 있는 방송사들은 무시할 수 없지만 여기에 개스파 이야기는 없음 ㅇㅇㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 근데 곰티비 해설진들 실력이 너무 개 똥망이 라 >>
You can't ignore the broadcasting stations with firm foundations but there 's no Kespa talk here looooooool but GomTV commentators 's skills are dogshit블리자드 ㅂㅈ들 잘됐다 난 이참에 스타 끊어야겠 다 >>
Good job Blizzard you retards I 'm going to use this opportunity to stop starcraft온미디어는 CJ꺼니 온겜은 계속 나온다 걱정하지 말아라 아그들아 그냥 엠겜만 불쌍하지 >> since OGN is owned by CJ OGN will continue to broadcast stop worrying .
Poor MBCGame thoughAgreement between GOM TV and Blizzard is a confidential agreement .
Secret Agreement , first step towards tyranny .
gg.CJ has nothing to do with GOM TV or the decision -- they 're just a stock holder and really have no say in their decisions .
I think I should especially thank the mods for keeping this thread up to date with new incoming news , as well as the letter from Mike Morhaime !
ppp
[ / caption ]
Wow .
Just wow .
Each of the colored dots in this new image from the Herschel telescope is a galaxy containing billions of stars .
These are distant luminous infrared galaxies , and appear as they did 10 – 12 billion years ago , packed together like grains of sand on a beach , forming large clusters of galaxies by the force of their mutual gravity .
“ These amazing new results from Herschel are just a taste of things to come , as Herschel continues to unlock the secrets of the early stages of star birth and galaxy formation in our Universe , ” said Dr. David Parker , Director of Space Science and Exploration at the UK Space Agency .
The galaxies are color coded in blue , green , and red to represent the three wavebands used for Herschel ’s observation .
Those appearing in white have equal intensity in all three bands and are the ones forming the most stars .
The galaxies shown in red are likely to be the most distant , appearing as they did around 12 billion years ago .
For more than a decade , astronomers have puzzled over strangely bright galaxies in the distant Universe .
These luminous infrared galaxies appear to be creating stars at such phenomenal rates that they defy conventional theories of galaxy formation .
Now ESA ’s Herschel infrared space observatory , with its ability for very sensitive mapping over wide areas , has seen thousands of these galaxies and pinpointed their locations , showing for the first time just how closely they are sardined together .
The mottled effect in the image gives away this clustering .
All the indications are that these galaxies are busy crashing into one another , and forming large quantities of stars as a result of these violent encounters .
This image is part of the Herschel Multi- tiered Extragalactic Survey ( HerMES ) Key Project , which studies the evolution of galaxies in the distant , ancient Universe .
The project uses the SPIRE ( Spectral and Photometric Imaging REceiver ) instrument on Herschel and has been surveying large areas of the sky , currently totalling 15 square degrees , or around 60 times the apparent size of the Full Moon .
This particular image was taken in a region of space called the Lockman hole , which allows a clear line of sight out into the distant Universe .
This ‘ hole ’ is located in the familiar northern constellation of Ursa Major , The Great Bear .
HerMES will continue to collect more images , over larger areas of the sky in order to build up a more complete picture of how galaxies have evolved and interacted over the past 12 billion years .
Sources : UKSA , Online Showcase of Herschel Images
From : tipograf
2010 -06 -15 06:50 am ( UTC )
Класс ! = ) )
From : no_copies
2010 -06 -15 07:02 am ( UTC )
Прекрасно !
From : nords
2010 -06 -15 07:11 am ( UTC )
прикольн а From : nerazzgadannaya
2010 -06-15 07:28 am ( UTC )
Это моя школа !
Идея интересная , хотя расположение не совсем логичное ) )
From : sonyaleikina
2010 -06 -15 08:15 am ( UTC )
отвратительно .
From : gde_marat
2010 -06 -15 11:03 am ( UTC )
Гомер был слепым — ему незачем зеркало , надо было наоборот рисовать .
From : sonyaleikina
2010 -06 -15 11:31 am ( UTC )
лучше бы клумбу у гимназии отреставрировали .
цитату какую - нибудь написали красиво .
ну школа же. и такое ...
П... From : tanie_angel
2010 -06 -15 11:38 am ( UTC )
как -то стереотипно получается в таком случае .
во - первых , это паблик - арт. в данном случае это несет художественную ценность .
клумба или цитата ничего собой не несут .
цитату можно прочитать в учебнике , а озеленением уже занялись и до этого ( что из этого вышло , другой разговор ) .
во - вторых , вы себя в школе вспомните .
лично мне бы понравилось , если бы на моей школе было подобное смешение современной массовой культуры и классического древнего эпоса .
From : sonyaleikina
2010 -06 -15 11:41 am ( UTC )
знаете .
я не против данного арта в общем -то .
но на школе считаю ему не место .
гомер симпсон конечно многому научит .
а касательно клумба .
не клумба .
арт. не арт. глядя на состояние вокруг .
этот высокохудожественный арт - пыль в глаза .
есть более насущные проблемы , коротые надо решать в первую очередь .
From : tanie_angel
2010 -06-15 11:46 am ( UTC )
гомер симпсон как раз научит :) то же что и с Гарри Поттером было , помните ?
кучи детей по всему миру стали отлеплять себя от компьютеров и начали книжки читать .
ну а вдруг в других тоже что - нибудь интересное есть ? :) здесь та же система .
сколько школьников читали Илиаду ?
а тут может заинтересуются и прочитают .
насчет последнего не могу с вами согласиться .
делать надо все параллельно .
дороги разбивают каждый год , их заново делать приходится .
а этот Гомер еще сколько тут провисит ? долго )
нам нужно учиться радоваться вот таким вот деталям , я думаю .
тогда столько злости не будет при виде более насущных проблем .
все равно их пока не решить .
давайте тогда решать что - нибудь другое .
From : sonyaleikina
2010 -06 -15 11:47 am ( UTC )
давайте на кладбище тоже сделаем нечто подобное с художественной ценность ю
From : artemshitov
2010 -06 -15 11:53 am ( UTC )
Решайте , чего сидите - то .
Или так и будете ждать , пока Роман Минин или музей за вас вашу клумбу отреставрирует ?
From : sonyaleikina
2010 -06-15 11:54 am ( UTC )
и решаем .
а не на стенах рисуем .
клумба .
кстати . не моя .
From : artemshitov
2010-06-15 12:12 pm ( UTC )
Клумбы реставрируете или дорожное покрытие ремонтируете ?
Посмотрите шире : если вы реставрируете клумбы , я вам скажу , что вы занимаетесь фигней , пока на дорогах ямы .
Если вы ремонтируете дороги , я вам скажу , что клумбы не отреставрированы .
Вас таких знатоков полный интернет ( решаю межнациональные конфликты звонить Петровичу ДОРОГО ) .
Почему бы всем не заниматься своим делом ?
Музей , например , занимается искусством , а не клумбами .
Центр дизайна занимается дизайном .
Найдите блог реставраторов клумб и задайте им вопрос , почему ваши насущные проблемы не решаются .
Касаемо того , уместен ли Гомер Симпсон на школе , хочу вспомнить слов а Мэтта Грейнинга , создателя « Симпсонов » .
Когда американские родители обвиняли его в том , что их дети становятся похожими на Барта Симпсона , он ответил , что это только оттого , что отцы этих детей похожи на Гомера Симпсона .
А вовсе не оттого , что они смотрят сатирический мультсериал .
Цитаты на стенах мы уже прошли .
Раньше в каждой школе было написано изречени е
Ленина про учебу .
From : sonyaleikina
2010-06-15 12:14 pm ( UTC )
милый мой .
мы не реставрируем дороги .
и клумбы тоже .
мы оказываем помощь там где надо .
и если выбирать между артом и клумбой .
поверьте . не арт .
From : grandh
2010-06-15 07:27 pm ( UTC )
Вы бы писать научились , прежде чем пускаться в демагогию .
From : kagarov
2010 -06-15 09:06 pm ( UTC )
простите меня ... вы... From : kagarov
2010 -06-15 09:05 pm ( UTC )
+1 From : olalala_la
2010 -06-15 11:46 am ( UTC )
Очень хорошо )
По моему такие штуки здорово оживляют город )
From : sevelena
2010-06-15 02:29 pm ( UTC )
остроумно ) ) ) молодец , Роман !
From : pereshein
2010 -06-18 06:18 am ( UTC )
Смердит от этого , переходите сразу к карикатурам на Мухаммеда и Христа , если так чешется пошутить .
Вас будоражит , что -ли , высокое в грязь втаптывать ?
From : tanie_angel
2010-06-18 03:25 pm ( UTC )
можно ряд вопросов ?
просто , чтобы понять .
что вы понимаете под высоким ?
что вы понимаете под грязью ?
From : burckina_faso
2010 -06 - 22 03:15 am ( UTC )
Забавная штука на первый взгляд , но авторы безграмотны в культурном отношении .
Древни й Гомер был слеп , а потому не мог смотреться в зеркало и видеть там Гомера Симпсона .
From : tanie_angel
2010 -06 - 22 04:33 am ( UTC )
ну а если воспринимать , как метафору ?
не он смотрится в это зеркало , а показывает нам , что в отражении Симпсон .
From : burckina_faso
2010 -06 - 22 04:50 am ( UTC )
Как метафору можно воспринимать , но воспринимают ли ее так люди ?
Они ведь видят то , что нарисовано , а нарисовано , что сидит некий древний грек ( пока не познаваемый ) и держит зеркало , а в зеркале отражается Гомер Симпсон .
Отсюда делается однозначный вывод , что древний грек тоже Гомер , про которого каждый пятиклассник знает , что тот был слепым и этот факт тут же разрывает стройность замысла .
А замысел заключался , как я понял , в том , что мы несколько самонадеянно думаем про себя , что мы гении , а на самом деле мы туповатые Симпсоны .
Это был бы отличный заход , если бы не такая обидная мелочь со слепотой реального Гомера . ) ) ) )
From : street_art_perm
2010 -06-23 01:13 pm ( UTC )
Я думаю , что слепота реального ?
Гомера - это только плюс для этой идеи стрит арта .
Он показывает , что мы слепы , когда смотри м Симпсонов , потому что не понимаем , что именно из - за того , что мы их смотрим , тратя свое драгоценное время , мы и становимся тупорылыми , как они .
From : burckina_faso
2010-06-23 03:53 pm ( UTC )
Это убедительная точка зрения .
Спасибо . ) ) )
From : street_art_perm
2010-06-23 04:11 pm ( UTC )
Пожалуйста , у меня такое же мнение и на остальные мультфильмы .
Симпсоны , Южный парк , Футурама , Гриффины , и т.д.
Во всех этих сериалах идет пропаганда тупости , навязывается традиция просиживать большинство времени у телевизора .
Герои этих мультфильмов сами постоянно смотрят тупые передачи с приколам и ( Щекотка и царапка пропагандируют насилие , Теренс и Филлип жопно - сортирный юмор )
Люди , не умеющие фильтровать информацию , уже не замечают , что повторяют за героями .
Считают самыми смешными приколы про жопы , многие женщины думают , что " бьет , значит люби т "
Это манипуляция сознанием .
Я могу привести много других конкретных примеров именно про эти мультсериалы , где нам насаждают стереотипы потребителей , быдла .
И страдает от этого большинство людей .
From : slaf4ekk
2010 -06 -22 11:07 am ( UTC )
Всяко лучше , чем ничего ...
Только вот придумали бы что сделать с пакостными граффити ...
As I write , I have my papers on me – and not just because I ’m in Arizona .
I ’m an immigrant , and it is a condition of my admission to this great land that I carry documentary proof of my residency status with me at all times and be prepared to produce it to law enforcement officials , whether on a business trip to Tucson or taking a stroll in the woods back at my pad in New Hampshire .
Who would impose such an outrageous Nazi fascist discriminatory law ?
Er , well , that would be Franklin Roosevelt .
But do n’t let the fine print of the New Deal prevent you from going into full - scale meltdown .
“ Boycott Arizona - stan ! ” urges MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann , surely a trifle Islamophobically :
What has some blameless Central Asian basket case done to deserve being compared with a hellhole like Phoenix ?
Boycott Arizona Iced Tea , jests Travis Nichols of Chicago .
It is “ the drink of fascists . ”
Just as regular tea is the drink of racists , according to Newsweek ’s in - depth and apparently nonsatirical poll analysis of anti-Obama protests .
At San Francisco ’s City Hall , where bottled water is banned as the drink of climate denialists , Mayor Gavin Newsom is boycotting for real :
All official visits to Arizona have been canceled indefinitely .
You could n’t get sanctions like these imposed at the U.N. Security Council , but then , unlike Arizona , Iran is not a universally reviled pariah .
Will a full - scale economic embargo devastate the Copper State ?
Who knows ?
It ’s not clear to me what San Francisco imports from Arizona .
Chaps ?
But , like the bottled water ban , it sends a strong signal that this kind of hate will not be tolerated .
The same day that Mayor Newsom took his bold stand , I saw a phalanx of police officers doing the full Robocop – black body armor , helmets and visors – as they marched down the street .
Naturally I assumed they were Arizona State Troopers performing a routine traffic stop .
In fact , they were the police department of Quincy , Ill , facing down a group of genial Tea Party grandmas in sun hats and American - flag T - shirts .
If I were a member of the Quincy PD I ’d wear a full - face visor , too , because I would n’t be able to look myself in the mirror .
And yet the coastal frothers denouncing Arizona as the Third Reich or , at best , apartheid South Africa , seem entirely relaxed about the ludicrous and embarrassing sight of peaceful protesters being menaced by camp storm troopers from either a dinner - theatre space - opera or uniforms night at Mayor Newsom ’s re-election campaign .
Meanwhile , in Britain , the flailing Prime Minister Gordon Brown was on the stump and met an actual voter , one Gillian Duffy .
Alas , she made the mistake of expressing very mild misgivings about immigration .
And not the black , brown and yellow kind , but only the faintly swarthy Balkan blokes from Eastern Europe .
And , actually , all she said about immigrants was that “ you ca n’t say anything about the immigrants . ”
The Prime Minister got back in his limo , forgetting that he was still miked .
“ That was a disaster , ” he sighed .
“ Should never have put me with that woman .
Whose idea was that ?
She ’s just this sort of bigoted woman . ”
After the broadcast of his “ gaffe ” and the sight of Brown slumped with his head in his hands as a radio interviewer replayed the remarks to him , most of the initial commentary focused on what the incident revealed about Gordon Brown ’s character .
But the larger point is what it says about the governing elites and their own voters .
Mrs. Duffy is a lifelong supporter of Mr. Brown ’s Labor Party , but she represents the old working class the party no longer has much time for .
Gillian Duffy lives in the world Gordon Brown has created .
He , on the other hand , gets into his chauffeured limo and is whisked far away from it .
That ’s Arizona .
To the coastal commentariat , “ undocumented immigrants ” are the people who mow your lawn while you ’re at work and clean your office while you ’re at home .
( That , for the benefit of Linda Greenhouse , is the real apartheid : the acceptance of a permanent “ undocumented ” servant class by far too many “ documented ” Americans who assuage their guilt by pathetic sentimentalization of immigration . )
But in border states illegal immigration is life and death .
I spoke to a lady this week who has a camp of illegals on the edge of her land :
She lies awake at night , fearful for her children and alert to strange noises in the yard .
President Obama , shooting from his lip , attacked the new law as an offense against “ fairness . ”
Where ’s the fairness for this woman ’s family ?
Because her home is in Arizona rather than Hyde Park , Chicago , she ’s just supposed to get used to living under siege ?
Like Gillian Duffy in northern England , this lady has to live there , while the political class that created this situation climbs back into the limo and gets driven far away .
Almost every claim made for the benefits of mass immigration is false .
Europeans were told that they needed immigrants to help prop up their otherwise unaffordable social entitlements :
In reality , Turks in Germany have three times the rate of welfare dependency as ethnic Germans , and their average retirement age is 50 .
Two - thirds of French imams are on the dole .
But wait : what about the broader economic benefits ?
The World Bank calculated that if rich countries increased their workforce by a mere 3 percent through admitting an extra 14 million people from developing countries , it would benefit the populations of those rich countries by $ 139 billion .
Wow !
As Christopher Caldwell points out in his book “ Reflections On The Revolution In Europe ” : “ The aggregate gross domestic product of the advanced economies for the year 2008 is estimated by the International Monetary Fund at close to $ 40 trillion . ”
So an extra $ 139 billion works out to a spectacular 0.0035 .
“ Sacrificing 0.0035 of your economy would be a pittance to pay for starting to get your country back . ”
A dependence on mass immigration is not a goldmine nor an opportunity to flaunt your multicultural bona fides , but a structural weakness , and should be addressed as such .
The majority of Arizona ’s schoolchildren are already Hispanic .
So , even if you sealed the border today , the state ’s future is as an Hispanic society :
That ’s a given .
Maybe it ’ll all work out swell .
The citizenry never voted for it , but they got it anyway .
Because all the smart guys in the limos bemoaning the bigots knew what was best for them .
©MARK STEYN
RELATED ARTICLES :
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
Make your own Climbing Holds !
After building a climbing wall on a budget , Emily and I decided to make our own holds .
We tried the schemes described at various places on the internet such as Bondo putty , wooden holds , silicone molds with fiberglass resin , etc ...
They worked , but none to any great ease or satisfaction .
The Bondo Fiberglass resin + sand is by far the best solution , and is close to what the manufacturers use .
The limiting factor , aside from our ineptitude as hold designers , was the high cost of making the silicone molds .
It costs about $ 5 + to make a silicone mold .
It also takes a few hours to make a prototype and then cover it in silicone .
Add to that a few days for drying and you 're about ready to scrap the whole hold buissness and head down to REI .
Well , do n't despair , as there is a better way .
The following method is great for duplicating commerical holds , or making your own free form holds without a " prototype " .
An added bonus is that you can use these molds for as few as a single hold , so your wall will have variety .
Here 's what you need ( can all generally be found at the hardware store ) : Block of clay ( $ 5 - 15 )
Bondo Fiberglass Resin ( Get the gallon $ 20 - 25 )
Extra Fibergass Resin Fixer ( $ 2 , get one or two extra per gallon of resin )
Play Sand or fine Sillica sand ( better ) $ 5
3/8 " Washers ( $ 0.05 )
3/8 " Mason drill bit ( $ 4 ) Step 1 .
Get a big block of clay ( 6 " x 6 " by 12 " , 20 lb ? ) .
It does n't have to be too quality clay ( like for pottery ) , because you wo n't be baking it .
Find a commerical hold and cut a slice off of the clay deep enough to accomidate the depth of the hold .
Push the hold strait down into the clay such that the back of the hold is facing up .
Alternatively , create a free formed depression in the clay and add texture to it with a commerical hold ( the texture is important ! ) .
Then , carefully remove the hold from the clay .
Try not to smudge the texture off , and fill in any creases that will translate into sharp bumps on the final hold .
If the plug from the bolt hole breaks off and stays in the commerical hold , make a new one by rolling a peg .
Finally , place a 3/8 " washer on top of the bolt - hole peg ( this is also important ! ) .
A completed mold .
Spray the mold with WD - 40 .
This will make it easier to seperate from the clay once the hold hardens .
Spray the hold with WD - 40 .
Step 2 .
Now comes the fun part : mixing up the bondo resin .
This stuff is STINKY , so do it outside or in a ventilated space and definitely wear some sort of respirator .
Another good thing is to use a fan to blow the fumes away from you .
Estimate how much sand would fill up the entire mold , and roughly measure that volume of sand ( in ounces ) .
You will then mix up the right amount of bondo fiberglass resin to match the quantity of sand .
You want about a 60 % sand and 40 % bondo mix .
Start by mixing the resin and the fixing agent ( drop by drop ) before adding the sand .
It is important to measure the volume of resin carefully so that you can calculate the right number of drops of fixer to add .
The more fixer you add the faster the holds will setup .
I generally use the amount suggested , but try not to use less .
Work fast now , as you have about 15 minutes before the resin begins to setup !
Yogurt cups make good measured volume resin cups .
Milk crates make for good sand + resin mixing boxes .
You can reuse these a few times .
If you want to color your holds , acrylic paint works best .
Add it in also before the sand .
Get creative with colors !
Start adding the sand slowly , stirring it in as you go .
Try to avoid getting pockets of dry sand .
The 60/40 mix is a good general rule , but keep adding sand until it seems as if more sand would cause the mix to be too dry to work with .
Step 3 .
Now pour the mix into your molds .
It is good to have some small holds or jibs around just in case you have too much mix .
Pour up to the top of the mold .
Let the holds cool and setup for 1 - 3 hours , depending on how much fixer you added .
It 's ready when the top is hard , but the hold is still a bit warm .
However , if you pull it out too early , it can mess up the texture .
Crack the mold off the hold .
and all the way out .
Note : it is not nessisary to break the mold doofus !
Another hold with an pocket on top .
At this point the resin - sand mix is still a little soft .
You can cut off any irregularities with a knife , and smooth off the back of the hold by scraping it along any rough flat surface ( the curb works well ) .
Step 4 .
Now take a drill press , or hand drill with a 3/8 " mason bit and drill down past the washer and though the starter hole created by the " bolt peg " referred to above .
Let your hold harden for a few hours , bolt it up on the wall and climb on !
Holds ready to be drilled .
Comments
A gallon of resin will make a LOT of mid-sized holds .
I think it ends up costing somewhere around $ 0.25 - 0.50 per hold .
The extra fixer for the resin is key .
They do not ship the gallon with near enough .
You can make swirled holds by making up two mixtures of sand - resin , and pouring them into the mold at the same time .
Just make sure the mixes have about the same amount of fixer in them .
If something does n't make sense , feel free to email me at dave@alpinedave.com Return to Home Page ]
Written By : Ben Cosgrove
In the early 1940s , LIFE magazine reported that a Mrs. Mark Bullis of Washington , D.C. , had adopted a squirrel “ before his eyes were open , when his mother died and left him in a tree ” in the Bullis ’s back yard .
Here , in a series of photos by Nina Leen , LIFE.com chronicles the quiet , rodential adventures and sartorial splendor of Tommy Tucker , the orphaned and , in 1940s America , the celebrated squirrel .
“ Most squirrels , ” LIFE noted ( with a striking lack of evidence ) , “ are lively and inquisitive animals who like to do tricks when they have an audience . ”
They do ?
LIFE then went on to observe that the squirrel , dubbed Tommy Tucker by the Bullis family , “ is a very subdued little animal who has never had a chance to jump around in a big tree . ”
“ Mrs. Bullis ’ main interest in Tommy , ” LIFE continued , “ is in dressing him up in 30 specially made costumes .
Tommy has a coat and hat for going to market , a silk pleated dress for company , a Red Cross uniform for visiting the hospital . ”
“ Tommy never seems to complain , ” the LIFE article concluded , “ although sometimes he bites Mrs. Bullis .
Mrs. Bullis never complains about being bitten . ”
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
A Squirrel ’s Guide to Fashion Nina Leen — Time & Life Pictures / Getty Images
United Nations ( CNN ) -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton faced off with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at the United Nations on Monday , accusing Tehran of " flouting the rules " of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty and calling for " a strong international response . "
Iran " will do whatever it can to divert attention from its own record and to attempt to evade accountability , " Clinton said at the opening of a monthlong conference on nuclear nonproliferation .
Clinton called Ahmadinejad 's comments at the conference earlier in the day , " the same tired faults and sometimes wild accusations " against the United States and other countries .
The Islamic republic has continuously defied the U.N. 's International Atomic Energy Agency and its Security Council , Clinton said , adding that Iran was the " only country in this hall that has been found by the IAEA board of governors to be currently in noncompliance with its nuclear safeguards obligations . "
Iran 's actions have " placed the future of the nonproliferation regime in jeopardy , " Clinton said .
She called on Ahmadinejad and his regime " to join with all the other delegations represented at this meeting to go ahead and fulfill our international obligations and work toward the goal of a safer world . "
Her comments came as the United States was leading an effort in the U.N. Security Council to impose tough new sanctions against Iran over suspicions their uranium enrichment is designed to produce nuclear weapons .
" I hope that we can reach agreement in the Security Council on tough new sanctions , " Clinton told reporters after her speech , " because I believe that is the only way to catch Iran 's attention . "
Earlier Monday , Ahmadinejad -- the only head of state taking part in the conference -- criticized the United States and its allies for not providing " even a single credible proof " to substantiate their allegations about Iran 's nuclear program .
The majority of his 35 - minute address was devoted to criticizing the massive U.S. nuclear arsenal and suggested the U.S. nuclear posture threatened other countries and justified their pursuit of nuclear weapons to protect themselves .
He called the provision in the U.S. Nuclear Posture Review retaining an option to use nuclear weapons against countries a noncompliance of the very treaty it accuses Iran of violating .
" Regrettably , the government of the United States has not only used nuclear weapons , but also continues to threaten to use such weapons against other countries , including Iran , " Ahmadinejad said , referring to America 's use of atomic weapons in World War II .
He invited President Obama to join a " humane movement " setting a clear timetable for abolishing all atomic weapons , which he called " disgusting and shameful , " and to provide security assurances to non-weapons states .
Reaching out to developing nations , Ahmadinejad denounced an international system that he said favored the West and nuclear - weapons states while denying states like his the benefits of nuclear energy .
U.S. , British and French diplomats all walked out of the hall about 10 minutes into his remarks .
Ahmadinejad also accused Washington of a double standard in its nuclear policy of seeking to reduce nuclear weapons but tacitly accepting Israel 's undeclared weapons stockpile .
He called for enforcement of a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East .
" While the Zionist regime has stockpiled hundreds of nuclear warheads ... it enjoys the unconditional support of the United States government and its allies and receives , as well , the necessary assistance to develop its nuclear weapons program , " he said .
Clinton Monday reiterated U.S. support for a weapons - free zone in the Middle East , but said " the conditions for such a zone do not exist " without progress in peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians .
The United States is working with Arab states and members of the nonaligned movement on an Egyptian proposal for a nuclear - free Middle East zone .
In her remarks Clinton also proposed strengthening the nonproliferation treaty by introducing " automatic penalties " for noncompliance , rather than protracted diplomacy in the Security Council .
She also announced a new initiative on stockpile " transparency , " after which the Pentagon announced that the United States maintains 5,113 nuclear warheads in its stockpile and " several thousand " more retired nukes awaiting dismantling , marking the first time the United States has officially announced the previously top - secret figures .
Clinton also announced $ 50 million for a new IAEA Peaceful Uses Initiative to spread benefits of peaceful nuclear energy .
Several hours after the Palestinians announced that indirect peace negotiations with Israel have officially begun , Hamas called the talks " the most dangerous phase in the contacts between Israel and the Palestinians . "
Hamas parliamentarian Ahmed Baher said Sunday afternoon that the Palestinian negotiators do not represent anyone but themselves , adding that the talks were merely an excuse to " allow Israel to confiscate more lands , build more settlements and Judaize Jerusalem . "
Baher said the PLO Executive Committee , which approved the resumption of negotiations with Israel on Saturday , was an illegitimate body .
The senior Hamas figure called Israeli construction in east Jerusalem an attempt to provoke the Palestinians , the Americans and the entire world .
" The Palestinian negotiating team lacks legitimacy , " he said .
" Our nation has been a part of both direct and indirect negotiations over the past few years , and they only led to false promises , lies and more settlements , " he said .
Earlier Sunday , following another meeting between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and special US envoy George Mitchell , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said all of the permanent agreement issues would be put on the negotiation table .
He said the talks would be renewed from the point they left off in 2008 during the Olmert government , and stressed that the parties will move on to direct talks only in the case of a settlement construction freeze .
A show of hands for lawmakers favoring pornography was requested in the House last week .
“ C’mon , raise your hand ! ” cried Representative Bart Gordon , furious that a major $ 85 billion measure to renew national science research financing had run afoul of a mischievous Republican amendment against federal bureaucrats watching pornography on the job .
“ Nobody ?
Nobody is for pornography ?
Well , I ’m shocked , ” said Mr. Gordon .
He was crestfallen at having to pull back the bill when fellow Democrats dared not risk a “ no ” vote on an antipornography motion , however extraneous , that could be used as a cheap shot against them in the coming elections .
This is how things are now in Congress as partisans propose mousetrap amendments aimed more at campaign smears than doing good .
The pornography stunt was the window dressing on language that would cut the bill ’s spending on the National Science Foundation and other agencies .
Mr. Gordon properly rejected that , and he retreated to figure out a way to frame the all - important porn passage without sacrificing scientific research .
A week earlier , a comparable stunt tied up a bill devoted to home energy efficiency when Republicans proposed an amendment barring contractors covered by the bill from hiring convicted child molesters .
( As if contractors were waiting to rush out and hire child molesters . )
Round one : Viewing
Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid Load timeline at launch No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Remember timeline position No Yes Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes View geotagged tweets on map Yes No Yes No No No Yes Yes View nearby tweets Yes No No No No Yes No Yes View nearby tweets on map No No No No No No No No View lists Yes Yes Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes Enlarge profile pictures No No Yes No Yes Yes No Yes View conversation threads No Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Change font size No No Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes Picture thumbnails in timelines Yes No No No No No No No Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid
Round two : Composing
Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid Insert location in tweet Yes No Yes No No Yes Yes Yes Old / new retweet options New Old Both Old Both Both Both Both Reply to all mentions No Yes Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes Look up user names while composing Yes No No No Yes Yes Yes Yes Upload photos / videos Photos Photos Both Both Photos Photos Both Both Photo upload service options 2 1 4 4 2 2 1 5 Video upload service options No No 3 2 No No 1 Premium URL - shortening service options 2 1 3 1 Premium 2 1 3 Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid
Final round : Extras
Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid Multiple accounts No Yes Yes No Premium Yes No Premium Schedule tweets No Yes No No No No No No Monitor link click stats No Premium No No No No No No Create and edit lists Yes No Delete only No No Yes Yes Premium Edit profile Yes No No No Picture Yes Yes Yes Block / report Both Block Block No Block Both Both Block Color tagging No No No No Yes No Yes No Themes No No No No Premium ( 2 ) Yes ( 2 ) No Premium ( 6 ) Widgets 2 No 1 1 Premium 2 1 Premium Android share integration Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Background notification Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Twitter HootSuite Seesmic Swift Touiteur TweetCaster Twicca Twidroid
Wrap-up
Twicca
In the first round of this shootout , it 's clear that Twidroid offers the best Twitter browsing experience , closely followed by Twicca and TweetCaster .
Most of the rest fell behind with their lack of support for geotagged tweets -- to view on map or to scan for nearby tweets , leaving just the official Twitter app and Twidroid happily covering both features .
On the contrary , Twitter 's own client is one of the few apps that miss out on handy tools like font size picker , automatic timeline bookmarker , and conversation thread viewer .
Again , Twidroid comes out as the clear winner in the composing category , with Twicca trailing slightly behind due to the missing options for media - upload and URL - shortening services .
Seesmic could 've easily won the champion title here had there not been that single red cross -- like HootSuite and Swift , it does n't let you look up user names while composing .
The official Twitter app looks about average in this round , mainly due to its inability to let us reply to all mentions with one click , plus the lack of video upload tool just did n't make sense for this newcomer .
As you can see in this final round , most of the third - party apps here do n't fare as well as the official Twitter app when it comes to list management , profile editing and widgets .
On the other hand , Twitter 's app could do with support for multiple accounts to catch up with this round 's winner -- TweetCaster .
Technically , Twidroid 's equally as good as TweetCaster in this round , provided that you do n't mind paying € 3.39 ( $ 4.32 ) for the pro version ; otherwise you 'd just have to bear with TweetCaster 's ad banners , or pay $ 4.99 for the ad - free version -- it 's nice to support the developers , you know ?
While we 're here , it 's also worth pointing out that HootSuite 's the only client that offers tweet scheduling and link click metrics ( premium ) , whereas Touiteur and Twicca are the only ones that let you color - tag tweets from selected people .
Twitter 's first attempt with its own mobile app is n't a bad one -- it 's certainly one of the prettiest choices in the market right now , but at the end of the day , for usas the best Android Twitter app , withand .
That said , the official app is still the only candidate that offers deep integration within the OS ( like the aforementioned contacts linking ) .
If Twitter wants to play catch - up , all we ask for is for its app to remember timeline position , show conversation threads , allow replying to all mentions , and support video upload .
Better still , Twitter should consider letting its users view nearby tweets on a map -- we can already do this on Tweetie 2 ( soon to be the official iPhone Twitter app ) , so why not make this a first on Android as well ?
It 'll be super useful for users to find out about regional events , regardless of radial distance .
Until these ideas are implemented on the official app , third - party Android developers can safely stay in the Twitter game .
( CNN ) -- Companies involved in the sinking of the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon made " some very major mistakes , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Thursday after meeting with executives from the oil company BP .
Salazar would not elaborate , telling reporters in Houston , Texas , that the cause remains under investigation .
But he said the failure of the rig's blowout preventer -- a critical piece of equipment designed to shut off the flow of oil in an emergency -- was " a huge malfunction " that has left oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico .
" The investigation will lead to conclusions about what exactly happened , but it did n't work the way it was supposed to work , " Salazar said .
" And from my own preliminary observations , there were some very major mistakes that were made by the companies that were involved .
But today is not really the day to deal with those issues . "
The Coast Guard and the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service are leading the investigation into the loss of the drill rig , owned by BP contractor Transocean Ltd .
The slick has been spreading across the northern Gulf of Mexico since late April , when the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank about 40 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River .
Eleven missing workers who were aboard the rig are presumed dead .
BP owns the damaged well at the heart of the slick .
Efforts to shut down the well have failed , leaving it spewing about 210,000 gallons ( 5,000 barrels ) of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico .
There was no immediate response to Salazar 's comments from BP , which has blamed Transocean .
Salazar 's meeting with BP executives -- his second trip to Houston in less than a week -- comes as oil washed ashore on Louisiana 's barrier islands and drifted west past the mouth of the Mississippi River .
Workers also prepared to lower a massive containment vessel over the Gulf of Mexico 's two - week - old undersea gusher .
Have you been affected by the oil spill ?
Share your story , images
A pinkish - orange foam mixture of seawater and crude oil streaked across large stretches of water in the northern Gulf and turned up in the on the shores of the Chandeleur Islands , off southeastern Louisiana .
Trace amounts of sheen had been reported on the shores of southeastern Louisiana over the past week , but the landfall reported Thursday appeared to the " first impacts " of oil from the spill , Coast Guard Rear Adm .
Mary Landry told reporters .
Doug Suttles , chief operating officer for BP , said mild weather gave cleanup crews more time to attack the spill .
More controlled burns were conducted Thursday , after BP and the Coast Guard used fire to destroy several thousand barrels of oil on the surface Wednesday , he said .
But the spill was spreading westward and is projected to drift toward coastal parishes past the Mississippi River delta , spurring Louisiana to begin shifting preventive efforts to its southwestern coast , Gov. Bobby Jindal told reporters Thursday .
" That obviously opens up many more vulnerable areas along our coast , " Jindal said .
" We 're going to do everything we can to keep this oil out . "
The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration already has closed the area to fishing , restricting a multibillion - dollar industry in the region .
Suttles said BP held a meeting with parish governments and state officials , who offered ideas for beating back the oily tide and leveled criticisms .
" What 's clear is this is their home , " he said .
" And what 's also clear is they 're passionate about protecting their home . "
Under federal law , BP is responsible for capping the well and paying for the cleanup .
The company shipped a four - story - high containment vessel to the site overnight and expected to lower it toward the seabed nearly a mile below the surface late Thursday , Suttles said .
The hope is that the container will collect the leaking oil , which would be sucked up to a drill ship on the surface .
If the operation is successful , BP plans to deploy a second , smaller dome to deal with a second leak in the ruptured pipe .
But getting the large structure into position could take several days , and the technique has never been attempted at the depth of these leaks .
" If all goes according to plan by early next week we hope to make it operational , " Suttles said .
" As we always do , though , we stress this has never been done before .
We 'll likely encounter numerous challenges , but we 'll remain committed to make it work . "
BP has stopped the flow of oil from one of the three existing leak points from the sunken rig , but it was the smallest of the three leaks and did not affect the amount of crude pouring into the ocean .
CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .
Thursday , April 29th 2010 , 1:46 PM EDT
The infamous Madoff Ponzi scheme cost $ 50 billion .
Now put this into context with what the U.S. government has blown on policies related to climate change - over $ 79 billion since 1989 .
Madoff is in jail , Michael Mann is n’t - yet .
So let 's look at the latest legal hullabaloo .
The Climategate scandal is a Ponzi scheme with far greater global ramifications for us all .
But how are we dealing with the willfully corrupt acts of a few key individuals in the most senior posts ?
The two lead scientists in this most grotesque scam , Michael Mann of Penn .
State University and British Professor Phil Jones of the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research ( CRU ) , discussed manipulation of data to ' hide the decline ' in global temperatures .
Both men and their employers benefited to the tune of tens of millions of dollars for their complicity in this scam .
Jones , rather than be convicted of fraud , stymied Freedom of Information requests then destroyed his data .
He avoided criminal prosecution on a mere technicality - the British government conceded the statute of limitations had expired .
Jones is remorseful , broken and discredited ; Mann stubbornly refuses to quit his shenanigans .
His hubris remains intact .
An expedient American government , just like the British , has stalled in implementing the most serious of fraud charges .
Their likely embarrassment is just too great to even contemplate action .
The facts are well documented : according to Mann ’s fudged graph , the hottest period in modern history was NOT the generally balmy era between 900 and 1300 but the late 20th century .
The world ’s skeptical community diligently sought access to Mann ’s calculations to check how he came to his incongruous conclusions .
His conclusions were swallowed whole by world leaders intent on pursuing an international cap and trade strategy .
Almost overnight he had succeeded in re-writing a wealth of historical peer - reviewed studies .
Thus Mann was instrumental in getting the fear - machine cranked up so that pro-green political advocates were able to ‘ Create A Crisis , Alert the people , Offer a Solution .
’In 2008 Mann published another paper to bolster his ' hockey stick ' claims in response to all the controversy surrounding his first graph .
A Mann co-author and source of tree ring data ( Professor Keith Briffa of CRU ) used one of the tree ring data series ( Yamal in Russia ) in a paper published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in 2008 , which has a strict data archiving policy .
Thanks to that policy , acclaimed climate analyst , Steve McIntyre fought and won access to that data .
On his Climate Audit website Mcintyre broke the story that Mann ’s graph was bogus .
The graph portrayed an ominous scary red line shooting upwards .
The black one , heading downwards , represents the less worrisome scientific reality .
Because of these facts , I say in my own words , not anyone else ’s , Michael Mann is a crooked junk scientist and is rightly derided as a charlatan .
Mann , full of bitterness and frustration laments the failure of that Grand Plan to conspire in the dismantling of western economies .
Now constantly taunted by ridicule , he has threatened to sue the makers of a video mocking him .
Here are my thoughts on this :
Any supposed civil lawsuit brought by Mann against the Minnesotan makers of the YouTube ‘ Hide the Decline ’ video would prove most disadvantageous to our puffed up plaintiff .
In fact , such a foolhardy venture is perhaps the best way of publicly exposing Mann ’s alleged data fraud .
If Mann takes a punt in the courts then his meta data and source codes used in his graphs are germane .
The rules of discovery are clear ; the respondents will be entitled to full disclosure of any and all evidence pertaining to the issues so that the trier of fact may determine the credibility of the allegations .
But Mann is ever so touchy about who sees his dubious tree ring numbers .
In response to his critics he has stated : “ I have made available all of the research data that I am required to under United States policy as set by the National Science Foundation … .
I maintain the right to decline to release any computer codes , which are my intellectual property ... ” This gambit wo n’t fly for Mann in a defamation suit .
The gravamen of this controversy is that Mann has persisted in refusing any other scientists to validate his computer codes .
Insofar as Mann , a supposed scientist , refuses to permit other scientists to verify his results via independent analysis of such codes , he has thereby fueled public doubt about his integrity .
He is thus the architect of his own misfortune .
As legal scholar Susan Kuzma ( 1992 ) tells us :
“ In the long run , the more corrosive force [ of scientific misconduct ] is the undermining of public confidence in an important public institution and the engendering of a cynical perception that the reporting and the funding of scientific research is a rigged game .
Criminal prosecution plays a valuable role in demonstrating a commitment to absolute integrity in this important arena . ” ( 1. ) Unless the dodgy Penn .
State professor divulges his computer codes that underpin his junk science no civil court will entertain him .
Barking out his toothless threats scares no one .
This fraudster is now a figure of ridicule and is set to go down in history is one of science ’s worst abominations .
I ’ll call Mann a climate crook all day long : let him sue me , I ’m game .
( 1. ) Sovacool , B. K. , ‘ Criminalization and Due Process to Reduce Scientific Misconduct , ’ The American Journal of Bioethics , Volume 5 , Issue 5 September 2005 Short bio : John O'Sullivan is a legal advocate and writer who for several years has litigated against government corruption and conspiracy cases in both the US and Britain .
Website : http://www.suite101.com/profile.cfm/johnosullivan
Quinton " Rampage " Jackson a UFC fighter who has recently turned to acting has some not so gay friendly words to say about the acting industry .
" Acting is kind of gay , " Jackson said .
" It makes you soft .
You got all these people combing your hair and putting a coat over your shoulders when you 're cold .
I do n't want a coat over my shoulders !
I'm a tough - ass [ individual ] ! "
" Vancouver strikes me as a San Francisco - kind of place , " he continued .
" And I do n't want [ individuals ] getting ideas about me .
I feel in my heart I 'm the toughest [ individual ] on the planet .
And I do n't want nothing changing my train of thought .
If you do n't believe that when we step inside the octagon , it shows . "
( LA Times )
Some of the toughest wrestlers , boxers , and athletes out there have been gay .
It 's a shame that " Rampage " buys into the queer stereotypes .
Jackson can be contacted via Twitter
Give that special person in your life a gift membership to the Walkway !
Join us today as we preserve and improve this historic , scenic treasure and regional economic driver .
Together we are connecting people , places , and generations to each other and to the beauty of our Hudson Valley .
While many ( most ? ) mysteries remain unsolved , Lost 's series finale " The End " was , nonetheless , satisfying because it did n't purport to have all the answers .
Instead , viewers were comforted with just one :
If you live together , you wo n't die alone .
Advertisement
Maybe I loved the finale so much because it validated one of my theories — giving me a Tracy Flick " ME ! " moment — a theory I proposed early on in the season : Bardos , aka , death cycles .
( I 'd thought that the Island was what the Losties had dreamed up for their bardo phase , when it was actually the sideways universe that was the dream . )
But mostly , I loved the finale for its emotional aspects , which could 've come off as schmaltzy , but did n't .
I usually go for the mythology and geek shit , but I could n't help but feel incredibly emotionally tied to the show 's characters , and I think the writers did a great job in recognizing how important to fans these ties would be , while also not robbing us of the most fun aspect of the show — coming up with our own theories about what just happened .
Advertisement
Anyway , moving on …a component of Tibetan Buddhism , bardos are the different phases the deceased experience between dying and rebirth .
It 's a dream - like reality , created by the " awareness " ( or a soul ) that is freed from the body upon death .
Because of the disconnect of the awareness from the physical body , the deceased does n't immediately realize that he or she is dead .
In the different bardo phases , the " awareness " needs guidance — from different deities , or , you know , guides ( hello , Desmond ) — to attain enlightenment , i.e. , realize that they 're dead .
A karmic mirror ( remember all those mirrors ? ) is held up to the deceased so that s/he can reflect and eventually recognize .
Once this happens — and it can happen in any of the bardo phases , depending on how much emotional baggage a person has packed for the afterlife — the deceased achieves Nirvana , and can " move on . "
Depending on your belief system , this can be heaven , reincarnation , or some kind of simulated reality , like Eloise Hawking for herself and her son .
The final scenes in last night 's episode showed Jack 's first and final bardo phases , occurring simultaneously .
( Because time is no longer relative . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Let 's begin in the sideways universe / bardo realm .
This , apparently , was the place that the Losties had created to reconnect with each other after they had all died .
( It 's a lot like that episode of Little House that Sawyer watched , in which Pa tells Laura that the people that you loved in your life do n't go away , even when they die . )
It was then their duty to help each other realize that they were dead , enabling them to move on .
This happened in various ways , sort of recreating pivotal events and familiar feelings from their lives .
Like Kate helping Claire deliver her baby .
Advertisement
Is n't it funny that Claire 's vagina is what enlightened Kate ?
She was like , " I recognize this puffy chucky . "
Advertisement
And seeing mother and child brought it all back for Charlie .
Advertisement
Sayid 's motivation to protect Shannon brought them back together .
Advertisement
Which was orchestrated by Hurley and Boone .
Advertisement
Locke regaining feeling in his feet again is what helped him remember , while Juliet performing a sonogram on Sun enlightened the Kwons .
( And helped them remember that they speak English . )
Advertisement
Oh , and speaking of Juliet , she was Jack 's ex-wife ( and mother to his son ) in the sideways universe .
( More on that in a bit . )
Advertisement
When Juliet and Sawyer touched one another 's hands , they instantly remembered .
Advertisement
Advertisement
There were actually several key moments about this scene :
1. ) Did anyone else notice that the Apollo bar that Sawyer bought sat at # 23 ?
( Which was also the number of Desmond 's table at the concert . )
Advertisement
2. ) When Juliet died in the first episode this season , she was drifting in and out of consciousness , talking about going dutch on coffee , and most importantly , saying — in death , via Miles ' communication with her — that " it worked . "
The collective thought at the time was that she meant that the hydrogen bomb had worked , creating this alternate timeline .
However , she was just verbalizing the flirty conversation that she was having with Sawyer in her bardo , discussing the vending machine .
3. ) As Sawyer was trying to get his candy out of the vending machine , Juliet told him about a " trick " she knew , saying , " You have to unplug it and plug it back in . "
That 's actually a really common fix to many of life 's problems , namely , my internet router .
But also , it applies to the heart of the Island .
So now we know the importance of Desmond , and it all goes back to the Hatch .
As Jack and Mocke lowered Desmond down the glory hole , Mocke mentioned the similarities of that incident to when they first peered down the Hatch hole .
( Even though Mocke stole that memory from Locke . )
The camera angles were even very similar .
Advertisement
It would seem that Desmond had to push that button in the Swan station for three years so that he could prepare for this moment .
He was building up his resistance to electromagnetic energy , which was basically what was corked up in the glory hole .
And just like he had used the fail safe key in the Hatch , he was the fail safe key for the heart of the Island .
He needed to be the person to reboot it .
To me , the heart of the Island looked like a butthole after buffalo wings pass through .
Advertisement
Anyway , once Desmond uncorked it , the Island temporarily lost its " magic . "
This meant that Mocke was now mortal , as evidenced by the blood he spilled after Jack clocked him .
Advertisement
There was no other way to kill Mocke unless that butt plug was removed .
It would seem that Jacob hoped this would be a last resort , and that his brother would n't have to die .
I have to say that this was one of the best action scenes I 've ever witnessed on network television .
Now the neck and abdomen wounds in the sideways universe make sense .
They were his death scars .
Once Mocke was killed , the Island needed its butt plug replaced to reignite the " magic . "
Jack took on this task , knowing he would die anyway , as he believed it all to be his destiny .
And then it became clear that Hurley was the true candidate all along .
After Hurley was inducted into the secret society of Island protectors , Jack replaced the butt plug and saved the world .
But he also saved everyone else on the Island , something for which he always had a boner .
And thus , he saved himself .
Advertisement
I have to say that I loved the exchange between Hurley and Ben , as Hurley became the new Jacob and Ben became the new Richard .
It was fitting because Ben had done many things for which he wanted to repent , and , like Richard before him , he now would have time to do that .
Speaking of Richard , he 's alive !
And aging !
Now that his duties to the Island have come to an end , he discovered his first gray hair , freeing him from eternity and allowing him to move on .
Advertisement
Lapidus is also alive .
After surviving a sub explosion and drifting in the ocean for a few days , he was ready to get the fuck off that Island .
Advertisement
Miles , Richard , and Lapidus all returned to the Ajira plane , and performed some magic of their own .
I do n't know how safe I would feel flying in a plane literally held together with duct tape .
Advertisement
Kate , Sawyer , and Claire ( who was having a meltdown on the beach before finally agreeing to rejoin society , and , hopefully , wash that hair ) showed up just in time for take off .
Advertisement
I know that Richard has made off - Island trips here and there over the years , but it was always all business .
Wait until he inevitably discovers internet porn .
Advertisement
Before moving on , here are some other notables about last night .
We got to see Eloise .
Advertisement
And Dr. Chang .
Advertisement
And Daniel and Charlotte .
Advertisement
Why is she a vampire ?
Advertisement
Speaking of monsters , Miss J would refer to Claire as a no-neck monster .
Advertisement
Also , as annoying as I found Kate to be for most of the series , I was really happy that a chick saved the day .
Advertisement
Also , we learned that Rose , Bernard and Vincent time traveled to 2007 with everyone else , and because their little camp was so tucked away on the Island , it had been preserved for the 30 years that they were not there .
So they were fine .
Everything was the same .
Rose was still an asshole .
Advertisement
OK , so let 's bring it back around to where we started ( which is exactly how Lost resolved ) with the bardo cycle .
Jack went to the church where everyone was gathering .
( The same church that was the DHARMA Lamp Post station that housed Eloise 's sorcery science dungeon . )
But things were sort of different there .
For one thing , it was multi-denominational .
Advertisement
As soon as Jack touched his father 's coffin he began remembering his life ( I sort of wished that Celine Dion 's " It 's All Coming Back to Me Now " began playing .
Because it 's a good song . )
And then his father appeared .
Advertisement
And that 's when Jack became enlightened .
His dad 's speech sort of explained everything .
Is this real life ?
No .
It 's real death .
I know that some fans were still confused .
Like , why would Jack have a son in the sideways universe ?
My theory is that the baggage that Jack took with him to the sideways universe were his daddy issues ( a common and major theme of Lost ) .
He sorta took care of the needing to fix things thing back when he was still alive .
His major issue , in his death cycle , was his relationship with his father .
Many people say that when you have your own children , you begin to heal from your own childhood and your issues with how you were raised .
( Or at least , that 's what Madonna told Oprah after she had Lourdes . )
But it makes sense .
Once you become a parent , you begin to have a better understanding of what your parents went through .
You learn to forgive them of their mistakes and ( hopefully ) rectify them by putting an end to certain patterns and cycles .
And it was at this point — when he found the baggage he'd brought on that second Oceanic flight — that Jack finally let go .
In the church , the important people from Jack 's life — who were finally at peace with their lives and what had occurred — had gathered , to move on , as a unit , to spend their death as they should 've spent their lives : together .
Advertisement
Back on the Island , we saw Jack stumbling from his wounds , past his father 's bloody , white tennis shoe , to collapse in the place where it all began for him on the Island .
As he looked up at the sky , he saw the Ajira plane fly above his head , and he looked fulfilled .
And just as Jack was taking his final breaths , Vincent emerged from the trees , to sit with him , so he would n't have to die alone .
Advertisement
Anything that involves dogs always makes me cry .
During the credits , we saw the wreckage from the original Oceanic 815 on the beach .
And some footprints .
I do n't think it had any meaning other than that : a footprint .
It symbolized that they were there .
Advertisement
Because a part of the shared human experience — which is basically what the entire show boiled down to — is that we want to leave our mark , so that people know that we'd been here .
( I mean , that was the point of all the different shit , like the statue , and hieroglyphs and the empty Dharma barracks .
They were all just footprints of the people who had been on the Island before . )
And a large part of that , of leaving a footprint , or a mark , is to establish a basic need :
To know that we matter .
Advertisement
This show was fucking awesome .
" Need a real aggressive man with no concern for women , " read an ad posted on Craigslist in early December .
It included a photo of a woman from Wyoming .
She did not post the ad .
A week later , she was attacked .
According to police , a former boyfriend posted the ad on Craigslist , seeking someone to assault his ex-girlfriend .
Jebidiah James Stipe , a Marine stationed at Twentynine Palms , California , wrote the ad on December 5th , pretending to be a woman looking to fulfill a rape fantasy .
The victim saw that ad two days later , and contacted police , and Craigslist , and the ad was removed .
Unfortunately , two days was just enough time for Ty Oliver McDowell to see the ad and respond .
Stipe and McDowell began a brief correspondence , with Stipe posting as his ex .
McDowell told police that during an online chat , Stipe told him what " she " wanted : " humiliation , physical abuse , sexual abuse . "
He also provided McDowell with her address .
On December 11th , he broke into her house and attacked her , saying : " You want an aggressive man , bitch , I 'll show you aggressive . "
Immediately after , she called 911 and reported the assault .
Upon arrest , McDowell told detectives he thought he was fulfilling her fantasy , and was unaware that he had raped anyone .
Advertisement
Both McDowell and Stipe have been charged and are scheduled for trial for sexual assault and conspiracy to commit first - degree sexual assault , respectively .
However , the harder question is what should be done about Craigslist .
This is not the first case of assault arranged over the site ; in June , 2009 , a North Carolina woman was attacked in her home , after her husband allegedly posted a personal ad without her knowledge .
Last year , a sheriff from Illinois filed a federal lawsuit against the site , accusing it of facilitating prostitution and seeking an end to the " blatant Internet brothel . "
Craigslist won the suit , but chose to change the name of the " erotic services " section to " adult services . "
They also pledged to better monitor the section .
DeeDee Correll , reporting for the LA Times , spoke with M. Ryan Calo at the Stanford Law School 's Center for Internet and Society about Craigslist role in facilitating the crime .
He explained that the law currently sees sites like Craigslist as open platforms , " communities assembled of random users , with no editorial control over what users were doing . "
Legally , Craigslist is not responsible for the crimes committed by their users .
DA Mike Blonigen remarked that this type of assault is " only possible in our modern age , " but although he'd like to see Craigslist remove ads like the one posted by Stipe , it is not up to him to decide .
" This is a debate we 've had for a long time ...
Do we censor the Internet ? "
Advertisement
Steve Patterson , a spokesperson for the sheriff who sued Craigslist , says yes .
He argues that the Wyoming rape suggests that Craigslist ads are n't being monitored as closely as they should be , and that , as a " good corporate citizen , " Craigslist should n't include an adult services forum .
" If a woman is putting an ad online saying she 'd like to be raped , I 'd hope it would be stopped , " he said .
But police have n't released information on where Stipe 's message was posted .
The Illinois lawsuit was brought against the erotic services section , specifically because it encouraged prostitution , but no where is it mentioned that Stipe offered to pay McDowell .
Without the exchange of money , the Wyoming case has little in common with sheriff Thomas Dart 's lawsuit .
According to McDowell , he was tricked into raping the victim , and went into her house with the belief that what they were doing was consensual .
A jury will decide whether McDowell 's story is true - and how , says Blonigen , a " reasonable , objective person would view the situation . "
Advertisement
Former Boyfriend Used Craigslist To Arrange Woman's Rape [ LA Times ]
Craigslist Used To Set Up Rape [ Hi - Desert Star ]
Craigslist Rape Case Advances [ Star - Tribune ]
Millions of years before humans began battling it out over beachfront property , a similar phenomenon was unfolding in a diverse group of island lizards .
Often mistaken for chameleons or geckos , Anolis lizards fight fiercely for resources , responding to rivals by doing push - ups and puffing out their throat pouches .
But anoles also compete in ways that shape their bodies over evolutionary time , says a new study in the journal Evolution .
Anolis lizards colonized the Caribbean from South America some 40 million years ago and quickly evolved a wide range of shapes and sizes .
" When anoles first arrived in the islands there were no other lizards quite like them , so there was abundant opportunity to diversify , " said author Luke Mahler of Harvard University .
Free from rivals in their new island homes , Anolis lizards evolved differences in leg length , body size , and other characteristics as they adapted to different habitats .
Today , the islands of Cuba , Hispaniola , Jamaica and Puerto Rico -- collectively known as the Greater Antilles -- are home to more than 100 Anolis species , ranging from lanky lizards that perch in bushes , to stocky , long - legged lizards that live on tree trunks , to foot - long ' giants ' that roam the upper branches of trees .
" Each body type is specialized for using different parts of a tree or bush , " said Mahler .
Alongside researchers from the University of Rochester , Harvard University , and the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center , Mahler wanted to understand how and when this wide range of shapes and sizes came to be .
advertisement
To do that , the team used DNA and body measurements from species living today to reconstruct how they evolved in the past .
In addition to measuring the head , limbs , and tail of over a thousand museum specimens representing nearly every Anolis species in the Greater Antilles -- including several Cuban species that were previously inaccessible to North American scientists -- they also used the Anolis family tree to infer what species lived on which islands , and when .
By doing so , they discovered that the widest variety of anole shapes and sizes arose among the evolutionary early - birds .
Then as the number of anole species on each island increased , the range of new body types began to fizzle .
Late - comers in lizard evolution underwent finer and finer tinkering as time went on .
As species proliferated on each island , their descendants were forced to partition the remaining real estate in increasingly subtle ways , said co-author Liam Revell of the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in Durham , NC .
" Over time there were fewer distinct niches available on each island , " said Revell .
" Ancient evolutionary changes in body proportions were large , but more recent evolutionary changes have been more subtle . "
The researchers saw the same trend on each island .
" The islands are like Petri dishes where species diversification unfolded in similar ways , " said Mahler .
" The more species there were , the more they put the brakes on body evolution . "
The study sheds new light on how biodiversity comes to be .
" We 're not just looking at species number , we 're also looking at how the shape of life changes over time , " said Mahler .
The team 's findings are published in the journal Evolution .
Richard Glor of the University of Rochester and Jonathan Losos of Harvard University were also authors on this study .
Obsolete : An Encyclopedia of Once- Common Things Passing Us By Book looks back on rotary phones , typewriters , floppy disks and much , much more .
April 30 , 2010  --
Remember when dialing a telephone number actually required you to turn a dial ?
Or when typing a letter meant using a typewriter ?
Finding answers used to mean you needed a set of encyclopedias .
And it was n't so long ago that John Cusack serenaded his girlfriend in the movie " Say Anything " with his boom box .
Just over 20 years later , and now kids get their music from devices about the size of an old cassette tape .
But it 's not just that we 've moved on from outdated technology -- it 's that we 're moving on faster than ever .
Anna Jane Grossman has cataloged the mounting number of items that are going the way of the Dodo in her book , " Obsolete : An Encyclopedia of Once- Common Things Passing Us By . "
" What appealed to me about this idea from the very beginning is that I 'm still relatively young , " said Grossman .
" I 'm 30 years old , and I feel already that time is just going so quickly and everything is very different than it was .
Ten years ago , I did n't have a cell phone , I do n't think I had a laptop , and I still listened to a Walkman .
All of those things now seem like ancient history . "
Obsolete : What Will We Miss ?
Anything ?
We met up with Grossman at the place where things make one of their last stops before becoming ancient history : the Salvation Army .
" It 's like these little elves that are breathing the last bit of life into objects that would otherwise go in the dumpster , " Grossman said .
Dumpsters are filling with VHS tapes , Polaroid cameras and an array of electronics from just a few years ago .
Grossman believes even books are on their way out .
What about the whole sensation of reading and getting to the next page ?
" It 's special and I 'm certainly I 'm going to miss it , " said Grossman .
" But I wonder if kids who are growing up without that will miss it , because they never knew it to begin with . "
Obsolete : A One - Way Track
Beyond the tangible , those kids may also lose out on ever having real privacy .
Thanks to the Internet , none of us is really anonymous ... and the surprise of a blind date ?
Yup , that 's obsolete , too .
" You could figure out everything you want to know about the person , practically , and see their baby pictures , " said Grossman with a laugh .
" It 's like , at what point does it stop ?
And I think that makes us have to think of new ways to be romantic , almost . "
Romance is n't dead -- but is anyone writing love letters anymore ?
" I would say we 're losing a certain sense of personal touch , and a certain sense of real , human connection , " Grossman said .
Moving on to the next big thing may have some unintended consequences .
" It makes me wonder how people are going to develop differently , " Grossman said .
" If we do n't talk on phones for a long time like we used to , is that going to change how we have conversations in general ?
Is this going to change how people play and problem - solve , now that people are doing puzzles on the computer and not on the floor ?
Probably -- it 's too early to tell how it 's going to change us . "
Progress is n't new .
Since man found fire , he 's been trying to make things better , bigger , stronger .
But the pace of change today is faster than ever .
All that any of us can do is try to keep up .
" We can't stop it , you know , " said Grossman .
" This train only moves in one direction and we 're on it for the long haul . "
In Chicago , a bunch of former Tribune journalists have formed the Chicago News Cooperative .
Their stories print twice a week in the local edition of the New York Times .
As a result , they tend to be feature based as opposed to breaking news similar to the current version of the Capital Times in Madison , WI .
The United Press International , Inc. started as a co-operative of newspapers to help cover the world 's events more effectively .
I am not sure what the structure of the CNC is , but have sent them some questions .
What would a cooperative newspaper look like ?
Could it be a multi- stakeholder coop of news consumers and journalists or could that create too many conflicts if members were the subject of news stories ?
A reader / worker news coop would certainly be interesting and provide some needed stability I think that a worker co-operative newspaper ( web based or print ) could be very functional and revive the failing industry .
Without the drive for profits facing the reporters and editors ( just a focus on sustainability ) , they could create a very strong journalistic product .
I 've wondered with all of the people forced out of journalism over the last 5 years why a new cooperative has n't been tried .
I am looking to getting a response from CNC .
German Researchers Crack 20 % Thin Film Solar Cell Efficiency Ceiling
May 6th , 2010 by Tina Casey
A team of German researchers has nudged aside a U.S. record for thin film solar efficiency , previously held by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory at 19.9 % .
The new German solar conversion efficiency record of 20.1 % is for CIGS thin film solar technology , which is based on a compound of copper , indium , gallium , and selenium .
According to a report in Electro IQ , the team from the Centre for Solar Energy and Hydrogen Research achieved the result in laboratory tests , using a co-evaporation process that is scalable to commercial production – at least in theory .
[ social_buttons ]
Meanwhile , a U.S. - Korean research team based at Oregon State University is on to a new low cost process for manufacturing thin film photovoltaic cells based on a variant of CIGS , copper indium diselenide ( CIS ) .
Put the two together and we may be taking yet another step forward in making sustainable solar energy cost - competitive with fossil fuels .
A Cheaper Way to Make Thin Film Solar Cells
The conventional manufacture of thin film solar cells is based on application processes that involve sputtering , evaporation or electrodeposition .
These are either relatively time consuming , require high cost chemicals , involve expensive vacuum equipment , or have spotty quality control .
The Oregon State team claims that its method , which deposits solar absorbers on a substrate , is cheaper and faster , without the use of toxic chemicals .
Green Manufacturing and the New Solar Future
Oregon State ’s emphasis on a safer production process is just one example of a growing movement by the solar energy industry to focus on non-toxic chemicals and other materials .
Magnolia Solar offers another example , with a thin film technology that involves nanoscale crystals of nontoxic materials .
As for reducing the cost of solar manufacturing , that trend is evolving on a number of fronts including cheap “ solar paint ” and even a low cost solar technology inspired by Shrinky Dinks .
The future may look dim for offshore oil drilling but it sure is looking brighter for clean , sustainable solar energy .
Image : Sun shines through cracked glass by creativity 103 on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Kevin Carson on the perpetuity of the National Security State .
20 May 2010 | C4SS
It ’s been argued by more than one person that Scott Brown defeated Martha Coakley , in part , because Coakley was such a lame and unappealing candidate .
But there ’s one point that has n’t received much attention : her cynical role , as a district attorney , in preventing the release of a man who was almost certainly innocent of the crime he ’d been convicted of .
George Amirault , who along with his mother and sister operated the Fell ’s Acre Day School , was convicted in 1984 of serial child molestation .
Child testimony in that case , which was subsequently recognized as part of a bizarre trend of runaway daycare molestations in the eighties , included accusations that Amirault inserted a butcher knife into a four - year - old ’s rectum ( there was no medical evidence of injury ) .
Children also implicated two imaginary persons , “ Mr. Gatt ” and “ Al , ” as well as a therapist investigating the case .
After the case was reopened eight years later , Superior Court Judge Isaac Borenstein remarked that “ Every trick in the book had been used to get the children to say what the investigators wanted . ”
When the Board of Corrections voted 5 - 0 to release Amirault in 2000 , prosecutor Coakley persuaded the governor to keep him imprisoned .
In the words of Mark Rosenthal , “ Coakley , placing more value on defending the infallibility of her office and on appearing tough on crime than on seeing that injustice be rectified , embarked on a public - relations crusade to keep Gerald Amirault behind bars . ”
Think about that , and what it entails .
Think about your reaction when you learn of some private citizen , like that creepy old guy in Austria , who holds someone against their will for years .
There ’s not a dime ’s bit of moral difference between such people and the typical prosecutor , Republican or Democrat , who will almost certainly choose to knowingly keep an innocent person in prison rather than suffer political embarrassment .
Those people would sooner kill Anne Frank than jeopardize their precious conviction ratios .
Police statism and executive authoritarianism are hardly Republican monopolies .
Under Barack Obama , who campaigned on a rollback of the Bush administration ’s executive power grab , the new Democratic Justice Department has frequently found itself defending against challenges to powers ( for example , indefinite detention without trial ) asserted by Bush .
Obama has publicly disavowed waterboarding and other “ tough interrogation techniques ” ( aka torture ) , and intends to shut down the Guantanamo Bay prison .
But he still supports indefinite detention in principle , and intends to use Bagram Air Base for essentially the same purpose as Gitmo — the difference being that it ’s less visible and less controversial than a prison camp just off of Florida .
The growth of the executive National Security State and of domestic police statism has been a bipartisan trend since World War II , aside from a brief period of retrenchment after Watergate and the Church Committee .
The growing police statism of the Bush years was a direct continuation of trends under Clinton , who built in turn on the creeping authoritarianism of Nixon and Reagan .
The USA Patriot Act consisted , in considerable part , of provisions Clinton had sought in his 1996 counter - terrorism legislation but was unable to railroad through Congress .
And one of the most dangerous powers exercised by Bush — the power to classify domestic organizations as “ terrorist ” by executive fiat and then subject their assets to civil forfeiture — was actually granted by the Clinton - era legislation .
Those of us who hoped for a Church Committee - style rollback of Bush ’s power grabs were sadly disappointed .
At best , we ’re back to the incremental growth of bureaucratic Caesarism , instead of dramatically fascistic claims of total authority by monsters like Cheney and Giuliani .
For every authoritarian right - winger like Orrin Hatch or Richard Shelby , there ’s an equally cop- and prosecutor - friendly Democrat like Dianne Feinstein or Charles Schumer .
Most recently , Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee Elana Kagan has shown herself to be quite friendly to executive power .
That really should n’t be a surprise coming from a Solictor General .
She is not only friendly to extraordinary claims of executive national security powers , but a fairly hard - line defender of law enforcement in criminal justice issues .
“ In her current position , ” Radley Balko writes , “ Kagan and her subordinates have filed amicus briefs and argued the pro-prosecution , pro-law enforcement position in every criminal justice - related case to come before the Supreme Court since Obama took office . ”
She has weighed in against attempts to curtail state civil forfeiture practices more draconian than those at the federal level , against proposals to hold prosecutors civilly liable for knowingly manufacturing evidence , against a guaranteed right to confront forensic experts , and against attempts to require post - conviction DNA testing when it might exonerate a prisoner .
If you seriously expect state functionaries to make good faith efforts to reduce their own power ( when they ’re in office , that is ) , you really should stop and think about it for a while .
Kevin Carson is a research associate at the Center for a Stateless Society , contemporary mutualist author and individualist anarchist whose written work includes Studies in Mutualist Political Economy and Organization Theory : An Individualist Anarchist Perspective .
Mr. Carson has also written for a variety of internet - based journals and blogs , including Just Things , The Art of the Possible , the P2P Foundation and his own Mutualist Blog .
( CNN ) – It 's been a month since Arizona passed its controversial immigration law that sparked protests from coast to coast .
Now , state education officials want immigrant teachers with heavy accents removed from classes for students who are still learning English .
They say they are following federal guidelines set up by the Bush administration in 2002 , but critics are calling it an ethnic witch hunt .
Our Thelma Gutierrez looks at the new debate in this AM original report .
i Phone OS 4 , set to ship later this summer , has already been jailbroken .
The iPhoneDevTeam has released a preliminary beta of the redsn0w jailbreaking tool , but be warned : it 's definitely not for the casual jailbreaker .
redsn0w 0.9.5 is a beta release with limited functionality .
Right now , it only supports jailbreaking iPhone OS 4.0 beta 1 on iPhone 3G hardware and the tool only runs on Mac OS X .
The iPhoneDevTeam also notes that the beta firmware overwrites the baseband firmware , so it 's not compatible with carrier unlocks at this time .
This beta is designed to give jailbreak app developers an opportunity to update their apps to work with the latest APIs , as many private APIs and other functions used by jailbreak apps no longer work properly on 4.0 .
Another sign that this release is geared towards developers is the lack of automatic " hacktivation " ; only developers with a registered UDID can get past the activation screen after the jailbroken firmware is loaded .
One thing to note is that the jailbreak makes it possible to enable Apple 's iPhone OS 4.0 multitasking system on the iPhone 3G , despite the fact that Apple has said that the hardware can't support it .
A video demonstration below shows that it works quite well with iPhone OS 4.0 beta 1 .
Watch as jailbroken iPhone OS 4.0 happily multitasks on an iPhone 3G .
Although it is not yet written in stone , it appears that the consumer financial protection area that comes out of conference will have most of the attributes we wanted .
Lawmakers on a special negotiating committee narrowing differences in the broader rewrite of financial regulation in generations agreed in principle Tuesday to create a new government agency to oversee credit products offered to consumers .
Senators on the conference committee late Tuesday accepted a host of House of Representatives amendments , all but clearing the way for creation of what will be called the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to be housed at the Federal Reserve and partially funded by the central bank .
The panel would address several of the contributing factors to the U.S. financial crisis , especially mortgage lending , a root cause of the crisis .
Big non -bank lenders and mortgage brokers , who together exploited gaps in federal regulation or located in states with weak local regulation , will now come under the purview of the bureau .
Similarly , payday lenders who have had little direct federal regulation now will be under a regulatory microscope .
" Gaming the regulatory system will become totally something of the past , " said Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and a lead negotiator .
Patterned loosely after a similar panel in Canada , the Bureau Consumer of Financial Protection would be headed by an independent director who must be appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate .
The bureau will get powers of autonomy to write rules for consumer protections for almost all lenders that extend credit to consumers .
In a victory for community banks and some smaller regional lenders , the bureau ’s regulatory reach will be limited to lenders with assets of $ 10 billion or more .
For those under that threshold , their appropriate regulator would still examine their consumer credit programs although the bureau would still write rules governing all lenders .
Although no provision is set in stone until the entire negotiation is over , and a couple of controversial provisions were set aside for more back and forth offers , participants from the House and Senate agreed that the new consumer panel will set rules for and police mortgages , credit cards , student loans , many car loans and even payday lending … [ emphasis added ]
For the longest time I gamed without minis or a battlemat .
Despite beginning to play AD&D with 1st edition , I never had a war gaming background and for the longest time my combats were purely descriptive .
Eventually I started using a small dry erase board to map out the general layout of the area and give players an idea of their position during combat .
But the maps where not to scale and not modified round by round .
Then along came D&D 3rd edition with its emphasis on strategic combat , and while I resisted at first I eventually gave in .
But I did n’t want to spend my money on battlemats and minis , so I originally used my old Heroquest miniatures for the characters and their opponents .
For a battlemats I used paper printed with a one inch grid that one of my players , who worked at an office store , laminated .
I eventually gave in and purchased minis ( D&D miniatures , Heroscape , Mage Knight ) and right now own more minis that I could ever need !
I even got spoiled with a gaming table that had a HUGE dry erase board with a grid affixed to the top .
By now you are asking yourself , “ He did say CHEAP battlemats ? ” I did !
I eventually stopped playing at my friend ’s house where the table was at , and had to find a new option for mapping .
I had uses commercial battlemats before , but none truly met my needs .
Some were to easily shaken or moved , in others certain marker colors were hard to remove .
So I eventually returned to my old friend , the erasable board , and that ’s when COSTCO came in .
I do n’t usually make gaming purchases at the big discount club stores but made the exception this time .
They sell these large 24” x36 ” magnetic boards with markers , magnetic colored tabs , cleaning liquid and an eraser for about $ 26 dollars .
Best of all the boards ’ surface is marked in a one inch grid , but instead of lines it has gray dots , allowing you to measure distance on the board and draw your maps , but not have your drawings overshadowed or lost against the grid printed on the surface .
The boards are heavy enough to stay put on a table easily .
Placing the two together gives me a pretty large combat area for encounters , something I put to good use when playing D&D 4th edition where combat benefits from a large space that offers tactical diversity .
They ’ve been a GREAT purchase , so much so that I have two !
I will admit that their size makes them a little unwieldy to carry around , but I ’ve managed with one for sessions away from home .
I ’ve had them for 3 years and they are good as new .
That ’s my contribution for gaming on the cheap !
Let me take this chance to say HELLO to all the guys I used to play with at what we called Sammy ’s Playhouse .
I miss that huge gaming table !
And you guys too …
Deputy opposition leader Julie Bishop says Australia 's security agencies engage in passport forgery - the very practice that prompted the Rudd Government to expel an Israeli diplomat .
Ms Bishop became embroiled in the fake passports scandal after calling yesterday 's expulsion “ an over - reaction ” .
She told Fairfax Media : “ It would be naive to think that Israel is the only country in the world that has used forged passports , including Australian passports , for security operations . ”
When asked directly if Australian intelligence agencies forge passports , Ms Bishop – a former cabinet minister in the Howard government – replied “ yes ” .
Cue Inspiration
I had an idea the other day for a simple Facebook application .
With Pylons , I figured it would take no more than an hour or two to get the mechanics of the application working at which point a designer could come in to handle the rest .
What followed was quite a struggle .
I ’ve written Facebook applications using the old PHP SDK .
While this method is rather well documented , moving to Python should have been easy .
PyFacebook , a project hosted at GitHub , is woefully out of date .
Even after applying three of the suggested patches , and modifying one of the imports in the library , I was left with numerous issues regarding the access_token , odd redirects and a few other minor issues .
Add to this the fact that Facebook really suggests that applications use the Graph API and IFrames rather than the FBML canvas and we ’re setting ourselves up for a problem down the road .
Facebook has maintained that they will always support FBML and the REST API , but , new features wo n’t be accessible to the older API .
With that in mind , I looked at Python SDK , the officially recommended library for Python and Facebook .
While Pylons is supported fairly well , going through the documentation on Facebook ’s site resulted in looking through the PHP - SDK , the supplied oauth access in the Python - SDK and a bit of trial and error along the way .
OAuth with the Graph API is a bit more complex to understand , but , if your application is using AJAX or JSON , avoiding the FBML proxy is much quicker .
Flash was used quite a bit with FBML applications so that applications could communicate directly with a game server which made things much quicker .
HTML apps using FBML often exhibited pageload performance problems .
With the IFrame method , your application still runs within Facebook ’s canvas , but , the surfer is communicating directly with your application .
What happened ?
First , I tried to replicate what I had done in PHP using PyFacebook and Pylons .
While there are hooks for WSGI ( which includes Paster / Pylons implemented servers ) , there were a number of issues .
I briefly tried Django with PyFacebook and met different issues .
Once you stray from PHP , you ’re in uncharted territory .
A statistic I read somewhere claimed that only a few hundred apps were developed in something other than PHP with Java / JSP being the most common alternate .
Django , the Google App Engine and web.py appear to be the favorites among Python frameworks .
While I know there are a handful of applications running Pylons , and at least one running TurboGears , I do n’t believe there are many using the Graph API .
At this point , the Graph API and OAuth seemed to be the sane choice .
An IFrame canvas , using the Javascript SDK to complement Python SDK appeared to be the answer .
The first stumbling block when following the OAuth guide on Facebook is the frame in a frame shaded authentication box .
Clicking on the grey box opens the inner frame to the full page where you can authorize the application , but , that is a rather ugly situation .
The following Javascript fixes that which is n’t great solution , but does work .
< script language= " javascript " > top.location.href='https://graph.facebook.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=${config['facebook.appid']}&redirect_uri=${config['facebook.callbackurl']}&display=page&scope=publish_stream'; </ script >
Error validating verification code
After working with a few other issues , another issue with the auth_token resulted in the following error ( after loading the url that was being fetched ) :
{ " error " : { " type " : " OAuthException " , " message " : " Error validating verification code . " } }
Adding &type=client_cred to your access_token url fixes that situation .
Here ’s the guide
We ’re going to put our project in the facebook directory and use Pylons 1.0 :
git clone http://github.com/facebook/python-sdk.git wget http://www.pylonshq.com/download/1.0/go-pylons.py python go - pylons.py facebook cd facebook source bin/activate paster create -t pylons fbapp cd fbapp vi development.ini rm fbapp / public/index.html cp ../ python-sdk/src/facebook.py fbapp/fbapp/lib
We need to make a few changes to our development .ini in the [ app : main ] section :
facebook.callbackurl = http://apps.facebook.com/ourfbapp/ facebook.apikey = 6b5aca8bd71c1234590e697f79xxxxxx facebook.secret = df5d928b87c0df312c8be101e5xxxxxx facebook.appid = 124322020xxxxxx
modify config/ routing .py :
map.connect ('/ {action} ' , controller= ' root ' ) map.connect ('/' , controller= ' root ' , action= ' index ' )
templates/oauth_redirect.mako :
< script language= " javascript " > top.location.href='https://graph.facebook.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=${config['facebook.appid']}&redirect_uri=${config['facebook.callbackurl']}&display=page&scope=publish_stream'; </ script > < noscript > < a href= " https://graph.facebook.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=${config['facebook.appid']}&redirect_uri=${config['facebook.callbackurl']}&display=page&scope=publish_stream " target = " _top " >
Click here to authorize this application </ a> </ noscript >
templates/index.mako :
$ {tmpl_context.user}
controllers / root.py :
# using python 2.5 import simplejson import cgi import urllib from pylons import request , response , session , tmpl_context , config from pylons.controllers.util import abort , redirect from fbapp.lib.base import BaseController , render import fbapp.lib.facebook as facebook class RootController ( BaseController ) : def __before__( self ) : tmpl_context.user = None if request.params.has_key ( ' session ' ) : access_token = simplejson.loads(request.params [' session ' ] ) [' access_token ' ] graph = facebook .
GraphAPI ( access_token ) tmpl_context.user = graph.get_object ( " me " ) def index ( self ) : if not tmpl_context.user : return render ('/oauth_redirect.mako ' ) return render ('/index.mako ' )
In Facebook , you want to make the following changes :
Canvas Callback URL : http://yourdomain.com/
Connect URL : http://yourdomain.com/
Canvas URL : http://apps.facebook.com/yourappname/
FBML / Iframe : iframe
Application Type : website
Under the Migrations Tab , Verify that New Data Permissions and New SDKs are both set to enabled .
When you write your application , you can refer to the extended permissions which are set in the &scope= section of oauth_redirect .
mako .
What ’s next ?
Once you ’ve retrieved the access_token and the user_id , you probably want to save that into your local database so that you do n’t need to fetch the data from the Graph API on every pageload .
While the Graph method is indeed faster than FBML , Facebook has lifted some of the restrictions regarding the data you can keep which allows for faster pageloads .
With the IFrame method , pages using AJAX / JSON are indeed much quicker .
While I originally estimated this project to take ‘ a few hours ’ , working through all of the possible scenarios with the Python Facebook SDK ended up taking quite a bit more time than expected .
The Graph API is very well thought out and is much faster than the REST API and appears to be almost as fast as FQL .
Good Luck !
Tags : facebook , graph api , pylons
Last week , a Roman Catholic school south of Boston withdrew the acceptance letter for a child whose parents are lesbians .
The reason given is that the parents lifestyle is not in concert with the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church .
The Archdiocese of Boston quickly distanced itself from the school and the parish priest , and has offered the child a seat in another school .
I have a fundamental disagreement on this policy because of a few items .
First , is it the child ’s fault that his parents are lesbians ?
What if his parents were convicted murderers , another thing not in concert with the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church .
It reminds me of a story from years back .
The girl next door found herself in the family way whilst still in high school .
She decided to have the child and when he was born went to the local parish priest for baptism .
He refused to baptize the child because his parents were not married .
Not very pastoral I would say .
If the Roman Catholic Church feels that homosexuals are outside of the church that is fine , my disagreement is not on the teaching of the church as this is fundamentally the same teaching as the Orthodox Church .
My disagreement comes in how the policy is being implemented .
If you are not going to accept children of parents whose lifestyle is outside the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church then you need to implement the policy in a fair way and not target one group .
How about children of divorced parents , children of parents who live together and are not married .
How about children of parents who are not Roman Catholic , that ’s a big one .
Children of parents who do not come to church … etc .
The list goes on .
Policies are fine , and upholding church teachings is great , and I really do applaud this school for doing just that , but it seems a little one sided and that the things that gets my goat .
We need to ensure that we are employing a policy the same for everyone otherwise it smack of discrimination plain and simple .
And discrimination is not only wrong , it is anti-Christian .
Universal Cure
Here ’s a simple means of transforming the UK ’s universities , schools and society
By George Monbiot , published in the Guardian 24th May 2010
None of them work .
The elaborate schemes supposed to widen access to the UK ’s top universities – the summer schools , the mentoring programmes , the taster days , the bursaries and scholarships – have failed .
The proportion of poor students these universities accept has fallen over the past 15 years .
A new report by the Office for Fair Access ( OFFA ) shows that intelligent children from the 20 % of richest homes in England are seven times more likely to attend a high - ranking university than intelligent children from the poorest 40 % ( 1 ) .
In the mid-1990s they were six times more likely ( 2 ) .
The better the college , the worse it becomes .
The Higher Education Statistics Agency publishes the figures for individual universities .
I ’ve just been through the spreadsheets .
In 2002 - 3 , when the data begin ( 3 ) , 5.4 % of students at Cambridge and 5.8 % of students at Oxford came from “ low participation neighbourhoods ” ( 4 ) .
By 2008 - 9 , the proportion had fallen to 3.7 % and 2.7 %( 5 ) .
This has happened despite thirteen years of a Labour government which listed its priorities as “ education , education , education ” , and tens of millions spent – particularly by Oxford and Cambridge – on outreach and encouragement .
People of my social background ( upper middle class , public school ) dominate every economic sector except those – such as sport and hard science – in which only raw ability counts .
Through networking , confidence , unpaid internships , most importantly through our attendance at the top universities , we run the media , politics , the civil service , the arts , the City , law , medicine , big business , the armed forces , even , in many cases , the protest movements challenging these powers .
The Milburn report , published last year , shows that 45 % of top civil servants , 53 % of top journalists , 32 % of MPs , 70 % of finance directors and 75 % of judges come from the 7 % of the population who went to private schools ( 6 ) .
Even the beneficiaries should be able to see that this system is grotesque , invidious and socially destructive .
Children from privileged homes begin to creep ahead of their peers long before school begins : the link between background and attainment , OFFA says , is evident at 22 months ( 7 ) .
But schooling widens the gap .
By the time they sit GCSEs , the children of higher professionals are nearly three times as likely to get five good grades as the children of people in routine work ( 8 ) .
Fewer working class children take A - levels and those who do get lower scores .
Pupils at private schools account for some 15 % of entries but take around 30 % of A grades ( 9 ) .
But this is n’t just about grades .
Even when children from poorer homes do well , they are less likely to apply to the top universities .
Going by grades alone , there ’s a shortfall of some 4500 state sector pupils who should , all else being equal , enrol on the UK ’s top courses ( 10 ) .
These students are n’t applying partly because their schools do n’t encourage them to do so ; partly because they feel that the top universities are n’t for the likes of them .
Private schools , by comparison , groom their pupils for Oxford and Cambridge .
They pass from the quadrangles of Eton to the quadrangles of Oxford with a sense of entitlement .
( Many of them spend the rest of their lives nannied in quadrangles , at the Bar and the Palace of Westminster .
They then instruct everyone else to stand on their own two feet ) .
So what is to be done ?
The Offa report is coherent and persuasive – until it starts making recommendations .
It documents the utter failure of existing measures to redress the problem .
It makes the startling observation that “ there is no clear correlation ” between the efforts a university makes to widen admission and the results of those efforts ( 11 ) .
It then proposes a radical and dynamic programme of , er , more of the same .
More summer schools , more outreach , better bursaries and scholarships , more “ promoting good practice ” , even though we know this good practice does n’t work .
These complex and expensive measures are necessary , it says , because “ the solution was never going to be short or simple . ” ( 12 ) It is wrong .
There is a short and simple solution , first proposed 11 years ago by the journalist Peter Wilby ( 13 ) .
Oxford and Cambridge , he suggested , should offer places to the top one or two pupils from every school , regardless of grades .
The next - best universities would offer places to the pupils who come third and fourth , and so on downwards .
There would be some adjustment for the size of the school , but the brutal logic holds .
Sit back for a moment and let the implications sink in .
The system would n’t be perfectly fair , because of the advantages privileged children enjoy from the beginning , though it would be a heck of a lot fairer than the current arrangement .
Instead of scrambling to insert their children into the best state schools , pushy parents would seek to enrol them in the worst .
As Nick Davies ’s investigation of the schools crisis in the Guardian showed , the overwhelming reason why some schools fail is that “ the bright middle - class children are being siphoned off into private schools and a minority of state schools …
The system fails because it is segregated .
” ( 14 ) Under Wilby ’s programme , no longer .
Private schools would collapse overnight : the last place you ’d want to put your child is where other ambitious parents have sent theirs .
The top universities would no longer be enclaves of the privileged : working class children would feel that they have just as much right to be there as the scions of the posh .
The middle class flight to good catchment areas would screech into reverse as wealthy families extract themselves from their comfortable ghettos .
Social mixing begins both in and out of school .
It is not quite the end of the matter .
There would still be a need for outreach programmes , taster days and bursaries , but this time they would work , as bright students of all backgrounds would know that they stood an equal chance .
There would still be a need for Sure Start and other means of tackling disadvantage from birth .
Rich parents would still seek to help their children get to the top by buying them extra tuition .
There are two answers to this .
The expensive one is to offer extra tuition , free of charge , to everyone .
The cheap one is to dock the positions of those who receive it .
Wilby ’s revolutionary idea was greeted by government and educational reformers with a momentous thunderclap of … silence .
Governments can do what they like to help the disadvantaged , as long as they do n’t threaten the privileges of the ruling classes .
This programme has not been adopted for one obvious reason : it would work .
The far safer course is the one promoted in the OFFA report : wring your hands , spend some money , but for God ’s sake do n’t solve the problem , unless you want the most powerful classes in open revolt .
When this idea was first published , the government could at least claim that it was trying something else .
The something else did n’t work .
Let ’s make the real solution impossible to ignore .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Martin Harris , April 2010 .
Released May 2010 .
What more can be done to widen access to highly selective universities ?
Office for Fair Access .
http://www.offa.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Sir-Martin-Harris-Fair-Access-report-web-version.pdf
2. ibid .
3 . http://www.hesa.ac.uk/index.php?option=com_content&task=category§ionid=2&id=32&Itemid=141
4 . http://www.hesa.ac.uk/index.php/content/view/455/141/
5 . http://www.hesa.ac.uk/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=1684&Itemid=141
6. The Panel on Fair Access to the Professions , 2009 .
Unleashing Aspiration .
Figure 1f , p18 .
http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/media/227102/fair-access.pdf
7. Martin Harris , ibid .
Page 18 .
8. 76 % vs 28 % .
Page 19 .
9. Page 20 .
10 . Page 24 .
11 . Page 34 .
12 . Page 9 .
13 . Peter Wilby , 26th March 1999 .
Give every school an Oxbridge place .
The New Statesman .
14 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/1999/sep/15/nickdavies
Marcus Baram reads the new Limbaugh biography :
At the time of the book 's writing this spring , Limbaugh 's frontrunner for his support in the 2012 presidential race was Sarah Palin , whom he calls " the most prominent , articulate voice for standard , run - of - the - mill , good old - fashioned conservatism . "
A surprising second choice so far is Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty , whom Limbaugh praised as a choice for the vice presidential nomination in 2008 .
But it definitely wo n't be Mike Huckabee ( Limbaugh considers him " an irresponsible populist " ) or Newt Gingrich ( who has " gone soft " in Rush 's opinion ) or once - favored Bobby Jindal ( he has stopped referring to him as " the next Ronald Reagan " and scarcely mentions him at all ) .
OLPC announces XO 3.0 partnership
[ Announcements ] Posted May 27 , 2010 14:58 UTC ( Thu ) by corbet
The One Laptop Per Child Foundation has announced a partnership with Marvell to develop the next - generation " XO 3.0 " system - a tablet , naturally .
" The new family of XO tablets will incorporate elements and new capabilities based on feedback from the nearly 2 million children and families around the world who use the current XO laptop .
The XO tablet , for example , will require approximately one watt of power to operate ( compared to about 5 watts necessary for the current XO laptop ) .
The XO tablet will also feature a multi-lingual soft keyboard with touch feedback , enabling it to serve millions more children who speak virtually any language anywhere in the world . "
Comments ( 5 posted )
If you thought this week 's full moon , also known as the " Pink Moon , " looked spectacular fromEarth , then take a look at this photo of Earth 's well - lit neighbor as seen byastronauts on the International Space Station .
Japanese astronaut Soichi Noguchi posted this stunning moon photo fromthe space station on Thursday , a day after the full moon , making it his 14th " moon shot " photo since he launched to the orbiting lab in December .
[ Moremoon photos . ]
" My favorite , 14th moon , " Noguchi said viaTwitter , where he posted the photo as Astro_Soichi .
Noguchi is an astronautwith the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and is in the middle of a six - monthmission to the space station .
He lives on the station with five otherastronauts , three from Russia and two from the United States .
There is a speciallunar name for every full moon in a year .
The April 28 full moon is known as the " Full PinkMoon " because of the grass pink - or wild ground phlox ?
flower , which isone of the earliest widespread flowers to bloom in the spring .
This month ' sfull moonis also known as the Sprouting Grass moon and the Egg moon .
Some coastal American Indian tribes have also referred to itas the Full Fish moon , since it marks a time when shad swim upstream to spawn .
The moon hit its peak fullness at 8:18 a.m. EDT ( 1218 GMT ) , so it was likely washed out as seen from NASA 's space station Mission ControlCenter in Houston , where it was mid-morning .
But Noguchi and his crewmates seesunrises and sunsets 16 times a day , giving them many more chances Wednesday tomarvel at the full moon from the space station .
More Moon Info :
Stunning Views From Space :
Food is one of the most basic pleasures in life .
Everybody eats , and while caffeine and playing with yourself on Chatroulette can handle your other necessities , you ’re pretty much stuck with food .
For now .
And for any mundane activity there are those who seek adventure .
In terms of food , most can be satiated with a little Tabasco .
Others need to push the envelope further by indulging in the taboo and the strange .
For those people , only the thrill of consuming a still living animal will suffice .
Today , we ’ll be examining some of the dishes these freaks call dinner .
Or lunch .
Or whatever .
1 .
Casu marzu ( Italy )
Hey , that looks pretty … wait .
Why is it moving ?
Let ’s ease into this one .
Lots of people eat cheese made from sheep ’s milk .
On the isle of Sardinia in Italy , they prefer Pecorino .
They also like it served a very specific way .
Rather than just fermenting the cheese , they just go ahead and give it a push into the “ rotting ” territory by inviting maggots to the party .
Cheese flies are allowed to lay their eggs , which hatch and start chewing their way through .
They start to break down the fats and this makes the cheese very soft .
So soft , the Pecorino begins to “ cry ” ( as the locals put it ) as the digested fatty liquid leaks out .
When it ’s time to consume the devil - cheese , it ’s decision time .
Some go for the full experience and eat it , maggots and all , in thin strips on some crispy bread that in no way disguises the taste of live larvae .
For the faint of heart , one can also seal the cheese in a bag which causes the maggots to lose oxygen and start launching themselves out of the cheese at distances up to 15 centimeters .
That ’s over 18 times their body length , about the same as you leaping a 10 story building .
When the bag stops making the sweet pitter - patter of maggots in their death throws , the cheese is certified baby fly free .
The maggots also provide a cool , pre-industrial expiration date .
If the maggots die naturally , the cheese has gone toxic , hence the idea behind eating it while it ’s still infested .
For the people who nosh with the insects intact , they can look forward to the chance of the larvae surviving the stomach and setting up shop in the intestines .
As it turns out , living in rotting cheese means they ’re pretty used to acidic environments , and being a disgusting maggot means they ’re more than happy to try to burrow into your duodenum .
2 .
Oysters ( Widespread )
I wonder if anyone ’s ever made a
There ’s no classier food than shellfish , except maybe steak soaked in champagne .
Lobster , mussels , king crab … delicious delights from the seven seas .
And when it comes to seafood , freshness is the phrase that pays .
The faster you can get these animals from their underwater home to your plate , the tastier they are .
People still pay good money to look their dinner in the eye while they choose a lobster from a tank .
Oysters push the idea of freshness to the logical conclusion .
They must be cooked or eaten while they are still alive , otherwise you can look forward to an evening bowing to the porcelain god .
While they can be boiled , baked or prepared any number of ways , the most delightful method is on the half shell .
This means half the shell is cut open or “ shucked ” while they ’re still alive to expose the sweet , sweet innards .
Various sauces or juices can be added to the gelatinous mass , but the idea is to get that mollusc into your stomach before it ’s legally dead .
Obviously the best way to do that is just pick them up and slurp the bloody things down like a two bit whore .
Surprisingly , oysters are pretty good for you .
They have a number of minerals that you normally only get from the most annoyingly enriched breakfast cereals , as well as vitamin B12 , which helps keep you sane and full of blood .
Eating them raw ( sometimes called “ shooters ” ) retains the most nutrients .
Hippies even have a hard time saying no , as oysters are almost always sustainably harvested and lack the ability to feel pain .
3 .
Sannakji ( Korea )
Not an uncommon or unreasonable reaction when your food puts up a fight .
When it comes to getting drunk and eating animals alive , the Koreans ( both flavors , North and South ) are among the top contenders .
A popular food , as in so popular you can buy it on the street from a cart in some places , is a type of live octopus called Sannakji .
The concept is pretty low tech .
Small , live octopuses are cut into pieces and served squirming about on a plate .
Usually a mild oil or sauce and seasoning are added .
Sometimes they do n’t even cut them up and simply serve the whole friggin ’ octopus .
Strangely , it seems when you get to the point where you ’re eating things alive , there are n’t a ton of “ rules ” or “ etiquette ” .
And if you ’re right now thinking : do n’t octopi have suction cups on those tentacles ?
Well you ’d be right ( and wrong , because octopuses is the correct pluralization , not octopi ) .
The tentacles do in fact pose a choking hazard , especially as you ’d also probably be downing a fair bit of potent “ soju ” , a rice booze popular in Korea .
While they encourage you to chew well , many opt to feel the meat squirm as it goes down their throat .
If there ’s any justice in the world , these people are then made fun of for their probable fondness for administering fellatio .
4 .
Drunken Shrimp ( China )
Painstakingly harvested from Keanu Reeves ’ bellybutton .
Seeing drunken shrimp on a menu might raise your hopes of some kind of delicious bourbon BBQ prawn dish .
Seeing it on this list conversely might make you think it ’s some kind of intoxicated midget casserole .
Sadly for us writers , it ’s closer to the former than the latter .
A Chinese dish , drunken shrimp consists of a big bowl of prawns , seasoning and strong liquor called Baijiu which is about 40 - 60 % alcohol by volume .
The shrimp are not cooked , though hopefully they get some kind of cleaning before they are thrown into the dish still alive .
The alcohol stuns the little buggers , making them sluggish and easier to handle .
The kicker ?
The flavor is supposedly very similar to cooked shrimp and even more similar to raw .
There are also other versions of the dish where the shrimp are killed or cooked first , but in all likelihood , ordering the dead shrimp is the equivalent of getting the mild wings in front of your friends at the bar .
Not worth the heckling .
In Japan , a similar dish called Odori ebi exists that substitutes sake as the liquor of choice .
Also , since Japanese people are all about one - upmanship , they only eat baby shrimps .
As soon as Phil Jackson 's morally insipid statements supporting Arizona 's hateful immigration law came to light , it did n't take long for opposition to come pouring in .
I was told that a friend of mine had to go through a gauntlet of protesters to get into the Lakers game last night .
Good job guys .
But an unlikely source of discontent stood tall last night at the game and it was n't a player or a coach or our " Activist Coalition . "
It was someone I did n't see coming and I guess I should n't have been surprised , but Vanessa Bryant sent a powerful message to Kobe 's coach and to the rest of the country .
She wore a T - shirt that said : " Do I Look Illegal ? "
OC Weekly :
Los Angeles Lakers fan are abuzz with news that Vanessa Laine Bryant , wife of Kobe , wore a blinged - out T - shirt with the words , " Do I Look Illegal ? " to tonight 's game .
ProBasketballTalk :
Phil Jackson is n't going to talk about it .
Kobe Bryant wo n't go near it .
The Lakers are n't going to talk about it or wear their Los Lakers jerseys .
While there was a small protest outside , inside Staples Center the Arizona Immigration law discussion was dead .
Except for Kobe Bryant 's wife .
Vanessa Bryant is part Hispanic and she wore a shirt that said , " Do I look illegal ? " to the game .
The reference was clear .
She -- and often the couple 's daughters -- are regulars at Lakers games .
They tend to stay out of the limelight , as much as that is possible for a high - profile family .
But she gets noticed , and used that to make a statement at Game 1 against Arizona .
Keep coming out for the Los Suns series and protesting .
The MSM sports establishment is trying to stay away from this as much as possible .
We can't let them .
Thank you , Vanessa !
Time - lapse images of a blood vessel in a mouse brain .
On Day 1 , the interior membrane of the blood vessel starts to extend around the orange cholesterol blockage ( arrow ) .
By Day 3 , the membrane has surrounded the cholesterol and created a pathway to the outside of the blood vessel ( arrowhead ) .
On Day 5 , the blockage has moved outside the blood vessel , which is now unimpeded .
( asterisk ) .
Image courtesy of C.K. Lam , et al. , Nature , 2010 .
Spitting can be a good thing when it comes to blood vessels .
Scientists at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine have discovered capillaries have a unique method of expelling debris , such as blood clots , cholesterol or calcium plaque , that blocks the flow of essential nutrients to brain cells .
The capillaries spit out the blockage by growing a membrane that envelopes the obstruction and then shoves it out of the blood vessel .
Scientists also found this critical process is 30 to 50 percent slower in an aging brain and likely results in the death of more capillaries .
" The slowdown may be a factor in age - related cognitive decline and may also explain why elderly patients who get strokes do not recover as well as younger patients , " said Jaime Grutzendler , senior author and principal investigator of the study and assistant professor of neurology and of physiology at Feinberg .
" Their recovery is much slower . "
The study with mice , funded by the National Institute on Aging ( NIA ) , will be published May 27 in the journal Nature .
Scientists have long understood how large blood vessels clear blockages : blood pressure pushes against the clot and may eventually break it down and flush it away , or clot busting enzymes rush to the scene to dissolve a blockage .
But very little was previously known about how capillaries clear blockages .
The Northwestern study first demonstrated that enzymes and blood pressure are n't efficient at clearing capillary clots within the critical 24 to 48 hours .
Those mechanisms only work half the time and only when blood clots are involved , not other types of debris , particularly cholesterol , which is difficult to dissolve .
" So what happens to the blood vessels that that are n't cleared out ? " asked Grutzendler and colleagues .
" Do they die , or does some other mechanism take over ? "
To find out , they created micro-clots , tagged them with a red fluorescent substance and infused them into the carotid arteries of mice .
Using a multiphoton microscope , the team examined the brains of live mice at various time intervals as clots traveled into the capillaries .
Surprisingly , they discovered that the blood vessel cells next to the blockage grew a membrane that completely enveloped the debris .
Then the original wall of the blood vessel opened up and spit the debris into the brain tissue , rendering it harmless .
The envelope covering the clot became the new vessel wall .
This resulted in complete restoration of blood flow and salvaging of the tiny vessel and surrounding brain cells .
" These are intriguing findings , " said NIA director Richard J. Hodes , M.D. " They open new avenues of basic research that may increase our understanding of microvascular maintenance in the brain and throughout the body . "
Explore further Bottleneck in blood supply makes brain vulnerable to strokes
design voor de intelligente woning
Bedien je verlichting , klimaat , muziek en veiligheid met het grootste gemak .
MADRID — A group of Muslims tried to pray inside a Roman Catholic cathedral that was originally a mosque and then scuffled with security guards and police who tried to stop them , a Spanish official said Friday .
Two of the tourists were arrested after the incident Wednesday night in the southern city of Cordoba and a police officer and a cathedral security guard were slightly injured , National Police spokeswoman Rosa Ortiz told The Associated Press .
The Great Mosque of Cordoba was built after the Moorish invasion of Spain in the 8th century .
Cordoba is known as the City of Three Cultures because Muslims , Jews and Christians lived there in harmony during medieval times .
The mosque was transformed into a cathedral in 1236 when King Ferdinand III captured the city from the Moors .
Since then , except for rare exceptions , Muslim prayer rites have been forbidden inside .
The building still retains exquisite red and white arches and gleaming marble columns from the original mosque .
It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1984 , and is one of Spain 's most popular tourist sites .
Ortiz said a group of 120 Muslim tourists from Austria entered the mosque Wednesday evening and a handful of them -- six or seven , she said -- started to pray .
Security guards told them to stop , but the small group insisted and argued with the guards , so National Police were summoned .
Two of the people praying insisted even then , and got into a shoving match with officers , after which they were arrested for disobeying and threatening law enforcement officers , Ortiz said .
She declined to name them saying only they were men aged 23 and 19 .
The detainees were to appear before a judge in Cordoba on Friday .
Ortiz said had never heard of an incident like this before .
The bishop 's office in Cordoba said the larger group had acted in a coordinated and aggressive fashion , but Ortiz downplayed that idea .
Mansur Escudero , a Spanish Muslim leader , said he has been pressing the Catholic church for years to let Muslims pray in the mosque , but to no end .
Over the past few decades exceptions were made , at the request of King Juan Carlos , and members of the Saudi royal family were allowed to pray in the mosque , Escudero , who is president of the Islamic Commission of Spain , told the newspaper El Mundo .
Spain has a Muslim community of about 1 million , out of a total population of 45 million .
The building 's official title is the " Mezquita Catedral de Cordoba " -- the mosque cathedral .
Escudero said the name should be changed to ex-mosque cathedral .
" Or just cathedral .
If it is not a mosque , they should not call it a mosque , " he was quoted as saying .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
The Administration is n't officially considering it , maybe not " actively " considering it , not even taking a side on it per se .
According to " staff " it was just a " musing . "
At a small conclave of reporters , no cameras allowed , the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development was reportedly asked about the mortgage interest deduction , the importance of home ownership and the seeming shift of focus from owning to renting .
That last bit is huge in itself , as pretty much every President dating back to Herbert Hoover and the Home - Loan Discount Banks pushed people to own own own .
Herbert Hoover , Dec. 8 , 1931
" I recommend the establishment of a system of home - loan discount banks as the necessary companion in our financial structure of the Federal Reserve Banks and our Federal Land Banks .
Such action will relieve present distressing pressures against home and farm property owners . "
Ronald Reagan , Jan. 25 , 1984
" Tonight , we can report and be proud of one of the best recoveries in decades .
Send away the handwringers and the doubting Thomases .
Hope is reborn for couples dreaming of owning homes and for risktakers with vision to create tomorrow 's opportunities . "
Some argue that it was this push to the " ownership society " by President 's Clinton and Bush that caused at least some of the housing crisis , and at the very least pushed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to push the envelope of responsible lending .
Secretary Donovan reportedly offered that modifying the deduction could result in deficit reduction and , as the Wall Street Journal notes , " rebalancing federal housing policy . "
The mortgage interest deduction , which appears on about 41 million U.S. tax returns , is a huge political hot button , and the more questions the Secretary got , the quicker he tried to get out of the conversation .
No , there is " no official position " on the deduction .
Some people are usually cheerful .
Others are more likely to have sad , depressing thoughts .
Such traits help make up our personalities .
But could such traits actually be related to measurable differences in brain structure ?
In a new study in Psychological Science , neuroscientists report that extraverts tend to have a larger - than - average orbitofrontal cortex , a region that sits behind the eyes and is especially active when the brain registers rewards .
“ They tend to be more cheerful and assertive and have a tendency to want awards , ” said Colin G. DeYoung , the study ’s lead author and a psychologist at the University of Minnesota .
“ It makes sense that they would have more of the machinery to keep track of winning . ”
The findings said nothing about how volume is linked to behavior , or which preceded which .
Teenager stabbed to death by stranger at Tube station while protecting girlfriend
A teenager was stabbed to death after trying to protect his girlfriend from a drug- crazed stranger as she celebrated her 18th birthday .
Marcin Bilaszewski , 19 , was travelling on a bus with about 25 friends when they started being pestered by the man .
His girlfriend , Anna Betlinska , asked the attacker to leave them alone - but he became angry and started to hit her as the group got off the number 254 bus .
Marcin Bilaszewski , 19 , was stabbed to death after trying to protect his girlfriend from a drug- crazed stranger as she celebrated her 18th birthday
Mr Bilaszewski , a Polish construction worker who has been living in Britain for five years , tried to intervene as they alighted at Finsbury Park train station in North London on Saturday night .
But the attacker , black and thought to be in his 30s , pulled out a knife and stabbed him .
The teenager collapsed in a pool of blood as his friends were preparing to take a tube train into the centre of London for a night out .
He was taken to hospital , but doctors were unable to save him .
Mr Bilaszewski is the 11th teenager to be murdered in the capital this year and the eighth in less than seven weeks .
In the aftermath of the killing , Scotland Yard chiefs are expected to hold urgent talks about how best to deal with London 's resurgent knife culture .
Marcin , pictured right with a friend , was taken to hospital after being stabbed but doctors were unable to save him
Dagmara Drzymota , 18 , a student from Manor House , was also celebrating her 18th birthday and was with Mr Bilaszewski when he was attacked .
' This was supposed to be one of the most special nights of our lives for me and Anna , ' she said .
' But then this lunatic who looked like he was high on drugs started pestering us on the bus and he would n't leave us alone .
' Anna thought this was not on and tried to reason with him .
' She asked him to leave us alone , but then he followed her and she got hit by him .
Marcin tried to protect - her but then this knife came from nowhere and he could n't get out of the way .
' We were only laughing and joking with him last night and now he 's gone .
I just can't believe what has happened . '
The group had been travelling on the bus from Stamford Hill where Mr Bilaszewski lived with his father .
Fighting back tears , Miss Drzymota added : ' His girlfriend Anna is in bits .
They were so good together .
His dad is going to be distraught . '
Fingertip search : Scenes of crime officers examine the street outside Finsbury Park underground station in North London following the attack on the teenager
The teenager collapsed in a pool of blood outside Finsbury Park station .
He and his friends were preparing to take a tube train into the centre of London for a night out
Miss Betlinska , an art and design student , had been going out with Mr Bilaszewski for two years .
Forensics officers were conducting a fingertip search near a bus stop outside the station under a railway bridge on Seven Sisters Road .
A local shopkeeper , who asked not to be named , said : ' I got here early this morning and thought at first there had been an accident when I saw all the police and the cordons .
I 'm shocked to hear there has been a murder . '
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : ' It is believed the victim and a group of friends were travelling on a route 254 bus from Stamford Hill to Finsbury Park underground station .
' It is believed the stabbing took place on a footway outside the station .
The suspect , a black male , made off from the scene on foot . '
A record number of 29 teenagers were murdered in the capital in 2008 , topping the previous worst toll of 27 in 2007 .
However , following the launch of a knife crime crackdown codenamed Operation Blunt 2 , the number of teenage homicides fell to 14 last year .
Meanwhile , a mother whose teenage son killed a man who attacked her with a knife has lost her fight for life .
Sandra Crawford , 53 , was left in a critical condition with multiple wounds following the frenzied attack at her home in St Albans , Hertfordshire , by Jonathan London ten days ago .
She had emergency heart surgery but died at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge surrounded by family , including her son James Killen , 18 , on Saturday .
Hulu has just officially announced the launch of Hulu Plus , their premium subscription service that will allow customers to get access to a broader catalog of offerings for $ 9.99 a month .
That does n’t mean they ’re going to axe the free offerings on Hulu.com , but it ’s clear that some of the rollbacks in Hulu offerings in months past have been geared towards sweetening the pot on Hulu Plus .
Whereas you used to be able to watch the entire current season of , say , 30 Rock on Hulu , you can now watch only the past five episodes .
Hulu Plus promises to give you access to the entire season catalog for shows .
Hulu Plus subscriptions for all your favorite gadgets are officially coming , but here ’s the problem :
Ads are n’t going away anytime soon .
Hulu plans to roll out Hulu Plus apps for the iPhone and the iPad , the service will officially be coming to the XBox 360 and PS3 ( no Wii yet ) , though this was pretty widely known , and some Samsung Internet - connected smart TVs will be able to download a Hulu Plus app .
Much like Netflix , one monthly subscription satisfies all of your app demands ; there ’s no need to pay for multiple subscriptions .
The service is not yet available for mass consumption , though you can apply for a subscription .
Here ’s the thing :
While many companies that offer ad - supported free services knock out the ads in their premium alternatives , Hulu Plus is n’t doing that .
In fact , the adless ‘ freemium ’ model is so common , the AP report on Hulu Plus ’ launch seems to imply almost reflexively that it wo n’t have ads : “ A free , ad - supported version of Hulu remains available , but with only recent episodes of shows . ”
Update : A newer version of the AP report removes this line and confirms our initial conclusions .
“ The paid section will show the same number of ads to viewers as on the free site , but it has more content available .
Subscribers can watch shows in high definition – at up to 720 p , compared with 480 p for free . ”
In his blog post on the matter , Hulu CEO Jason Kilar defends the use of ad revenue on the grounds that it will help keep prices low : “ Hulu Plus is a new , revolutionary ad - supported subscription product that is incremental and complementary to the existing Hulu service …
For our advertisers , who allow us to keep our Hulu Plus price low with the support of ad revenue , we offer one of the world ’s most effective advertising platforms , with the ability to speak effectively to users across a variety of devices , anywhere they happen to be . ”
Advertisements seem like a major minus for Hulu Plus , especially if they take the form of unavoidable , show - interrupting commercials .
Hulu has n’t explicitly said that they will , but the following picture displayed on Hulu ’s blog seems to imply it :
Those little gray dots that you see at the bottom of the TV screen below look just like the ad markers that currently interrupt free online Hulu videos .
While a big annoyance , paid alternatives to free ad - supported services which still have ads of their own are nothing new :
Most recently , Apple said that paid apps would still be able to opt in to their iAd advertising service .
But the App store is at least a marketplace where consumers can vote with their wallets , rewarding paid apps that eschew advertising and punishing the ones that try to double dip .
Here ’s the thing :
Paid streaming video apps occupy their own little marketplace , and interrupting ads would seem to constitute a big disadvantage for Hulu Plus versus Netflix .
Sure , there ’ll be some offerings on Hulu that you ca n’t get on Netflix , but Netflix ’ instant watch has a growing TV series selection as well : I watched the entirety of LOST streaming on Netflix on my XBox 360 , and never once encountered an ad .
( Update : all six seasons of LOST will be available on Hulu Plus , fyi . )
Buffy the Vampire Slayer , one of the series Hulu Plus touts on its front page , is already available for Netflix customers to watch instantly in its entirety ; so are Arrested Development and 30 Rock and Heroes .
To be fair , neither The X - Files nor The Office are currently available streaming from Netflix ( though you can order the discs in the mail ) ; you ’ll only be able to stream them with Hulu Plus .
Update : Yikes .
Not to be a Netflix fanboy , but the comparison gets worse : According to Peter Kafka , Hulu promises “ 120 seasons and 2,000 episodes available . ”
Browsing through Netflix ’s instant catalog online , I count 27 full pages of 24 seasons each and one partial page with 13 seasons ; that makes for a total of ( 24*7 ) +13 = 661 seasons available on Netflix .
Granted , some of them are clunkers ( sorry , Crank Yankers Season 3 ) , but that ’s a much bigger selection .
I do n’t begrudge Hulu their attempt to monetize a wonderfully ambitious service that has brought great value to consumers :
There are few sites on the Internet that offer the wealth of high - quality entertainment that Hulu.com does , much less offer it for free .
But if it slaps ads on programming you can watch uninterrupted elsewhere , Hulu Plus ’ edge is less clear .
( Hulu via NYT ; h/t Switched )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
A few days ago I put up a post about how libertarians say we do n’t need government regulation , because tort law will do the trick — but in practice , politicians will find ways to shield the powerful , as illustrated by the $ 75 million cap on damage payments from oil spills .
Some readers responded by saying that no true libertarian would support such liability limits , which , um , missed the point .
But in any case , speaking of true libertarians :
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But you do n’t want to get rid of the EPA ?
PAUL : No , the thing is is that drilling right now and the problem we ’re having now is in international waters and I think there needs to be regulation of that and always has been regulation .
What I do n’t like from the president ’s administration is this sort of , you know , “ I ’ll put my boot heel on the throat of BP . ”
I think that sounds really un-American in his criticism of business .
I ’ve heard nothing from BP about not paying for the spill .
And I think it ’s part of this sort of blame game society in the sense that it ’s always got to be someone ’s fault .
Instead of the fact that maybe sometimes accidents happen .
I mean , we had a mining accident that was very tragic and I ’ve met a lot of these miners and their families .
They ’re very brave people to do a dangerous job .
But then we come in and it ’s always someone ’s fault .
Maybe sometimes accidents happen .
I ’m sure that in his own mind Rand Paul sees himself as a principled libertarian , applying the same standard of personal responsibility to everyone .
In practice , however , it ’s only the poor and powerless who get held to that standard ; when it ’s a big coal or oil company — and we already know that both Massey and BP were severely negligent — well , “ sometimes accidents happen . ”
Funny how that works .
Frence 's government played a crucial role in negotiating the deal with Taiwan
An international court has ordered France and defence electronics group Thales to pay $ 830 m in compensation to Taiwan over a sale of warships in 1991 .
The panel of arbitrators ordered the payments to make up for unauthorised commissions paid to help Thomson - CSF , which became Thales , win the deal .
The contract for the six navy frigates forbade commissions to intermediaries .
Thales said its share of the fine was about 27 % or $ 230 m , but says that it will appeal against the ruling .
The company , which is part - owned by the French state , said it disputed " the very grounds of this decision " by the International Chamber of Commerce 's International Court of Arbitration .
It had been responsible for 27 % of the value of the contract , while the French state had been responsible for the remainder .
The French ministry of defence declined to comment .
The suspicious death of a Taiwanese navy captain triggered an investigation
In the deal , in which the French government played a crucial role , Taiwan 's navy bought six Lafayette frigates from Thomson - CSF and the state - owned shipbuilder DCN for $ 460 m each , nearly double the original budget .
The suspicious death of the head of procurement for the Taiwanese navy , Captain Yin Ching - feng , who was found floating off the coast of Taiwan in 1993 , eventually triggered a corruption investigation .
Six former naval officers , including a vice - admiral , were later indicted in connection .
In 2001 , the Taiwanese authorities filed a complaint alleging that the anti-corruption clauses in the contract had been breached .
French prosecutors investigated claims that bribes were paid in the deal , but they were unable to ascertain who might have benefited .
Download Version 1.0.0
Download 1518
File Size 924.47 KB
File Count 1
EVI : 20 Years of Lessons Learned by EVI Executive Director Liz Walker .
Overview of experiences and lessons learned in creating the ecovillage over the past 20 years .
This was written as part of an EPA " Climate Showcases " grant .
Why we men just hate Sex & The City
I 'd love to be able to tell you in precise detail what it is that I so thoroughly loathe about Sex And The City .
But to do that , I 'd have to sit down and watch it - and frankly I 'd rather be dipped in honey , dangled upside - down from a tree and eaten alive by fire ants .
Sarah Jessica Parker , left , does n't have the same appeal to male viewers as Scarlett Johannson ...
What I do recall , with nightmarish clarity from those few occasions I 've caught it , is that it 's all about shoes .
And middle - aged women talking a lot .
And middle - aged women having embarrassing sex with various unsuitable partners .
And then deconstructing at tedious length the embarrassing sex they have had with these unsuitable partners .
And me covering my eyes ( like I have n't done since Jon Pertwee encountered the Sea Devils in Doctor Who ) and going : ' Nooooo ! '
Part of the problem is Carrie Bradshaw , played by Sarah Jessica Parker .
I do n't want to sound ungallant , but if a male has to sit through a show about women talking a lot , the women should at least all look like Scarlett Johansson .
And before you try to pick me up on my shallow sexism , girls , just ask yourselves whether you 're any better at watching the rough male equivalent of Sex And The City - Band Of Brothers .
You 're not .
You say stupid , unhelpful things like ' Well they all look the same to me under those helmets .
How can you tell them apart ? ' and : ' This is like watching paint dry . '
Yes - or like watching Sex And The City .
Not only am I not interested , but I 'm also a bit disgusted .
As disgusted as you girls would be if there was a drama series on every week in which goatish middle - aged men bored on about the latest must - have Lamborghini , slept with sundry females , crudely dissected their looks and performances , and then invited us to pity their terrible dilemma : is it possible to go on being a good father and husband while bonking as many floozies as you can on the side ?
Oh , and Manolo Blahniks : we do n't understand and we never will .
As programmers we ’re continually accused of doing a sloppy job .
There are countless programs in the wild , crashing , locking up and accidentally writing “ I am a fish ” a million times over someone ’s mid-term essay .
The effect ?
Something like this :
This damn computer and excel r fuckin my life up !
Hatin life right now
— MissAlauren ( and everyone else at one time or another )
It ’s experiences like this that cause people to rant about Microsoft and curse the anonymous programmers who suddenly ( yet inevitably ) betrayed them .
We all know this ; it ’s burned into our very souls by countless hours of tech support provided to family and friends .
Time after time we see that programmers who do quick , sloppy work make other people suffer .
And so we try , we try so damn hard not to be like that .
We try to be the good programmer who checks every return value and handles every exception .
If we stopped at competent error handling and sufficient testing , all would be well .
In truth , we actually go too far and , it has to be said , largely in the wrong direction .
A vast proportion of software at work today is horribly over - engineered for its task .
And I ’m not talking about the interfaces , about having too many controls or options for the users .
These are , indeed , terrible sins but they are the visible ones .
The worst of the overengineering goes on under the surface , in the code itself .
You ’re Doing It Wrong
Have you ever seen someone using the strategy pattern when they should ’ve used a 5 line switch statement ?
There are a million ways to turn something like this :
switch ( operation )
{
case OP_ADD : return a + b ;
case OP_SUBTRACT : return a - b ;
case OP_MULTIPLY : return a * b ;
default : throw new UnknownOperationException ( operation , a , b ) ;
}
… into a hideous , malformed mutant beast like this one , which I have n’t inlined because it ’s far too long .
The most insidious cause of overengineering is over - generalizing .
We will over - generalize anything given half a chance .
Writing code to work with a list of students ?
Well , we might want to work with teachers and the general public someday , better add a base People class and subclass Student from that .
Or Person and then EducationPerson and then Student .
Yes , that ’s better , right ?
Only , now we have three classes to maintain each with their own virtual methods and interfaces and probably split across three different files plus the one we were working in when a one - line dictionary would have been fine .
Perhaps we do it because it ’s relaxing to rattle off three classes worth of code without needing to pause and think .
It feels productive .
It looks solid , bulletproof , professional .
We look back on it with a comforting little glow of self - satisfaction – we ’re a good programmer , no messy hacks in our code .
Except , this does n’t make us good programmers .
Overengineering like this is n’t making anyone ’s lives better ; it ’s just making our code longer , more difficult to read and work with and more likely to contain or develop bugs .
We just made the world a slightly worse place .
It lies somewhere between tossing an empty drinks bottle on the street and grand theft auto .
The extra effort caused by our overengineering carries a hefty opportunity cost :
Less time spent refining the user experience Less time spent thinking about the meaningful implications of the feature we ’re working on Less time available to look for bugs and – with harder - to - read code – more time spent debugging them
Yes , by overengineering the Student class you indirectly ruined MissAlauren ’s day .
We have to stop championing each ridiculous feat of overengineering and call it what it is .
It ’s not ‘ future - proof ’ , because we ca n’t see the future .
It ’s not robust , it ’s hard to read .
Applying a generic solution to a single case is n’t good programming , it ’s criminal overengineering because like it or not somebody , somewhere will pay for it .
Do n’t Worry , Be Happy
I suspect all the best programmers have already realized this , but they ’re not shouting about it loudly enough for everyone else to hear .
Paul Graham is completely right when he suggests that succinctness is valuable :
Use the length of the program as an approximation for how much work it is to write .
Not the length in characters , of course , but the length in distinct syntactic elements – basically , the size of the parse tree .
It may not be quite true that the shortest program is the least work to write , but it ’s close enough … look at a program and ask , is there any way to write this that ’s shorter ?
— Paul Graham , The Hundred Year Language
He ’s actually talking about language design here ; indeed , in Succinctness is Power he ’s careful to note that it ’s clearly possible to write a program that ’s too succinct .
This is because , these days , Paul Graham is more a language designer than a working programmer .
Otherwise he might have said :
If you ’re about to take a hundred lines to write what you could in ten , stop and ask yourself this : what the fuck ?
— Mark , Criminal Overengineering
When I feel tempted to over - generalize or over - engineer a bit of code , it ’s often because of fear .
Fear that someone will find a really good reason I should n’t have done it the easy way .
Fear that I ’ll have to rewrite the code again .
Fear of finding myself on the wrong side of an argument about the merits of the visitor pattern .
But fear does not naturally lead us to the most elegant solutions .
Next time you feel the compulsion to write a nice , general solution to a simple case , stop and ask yourself what ’s stopping you just writing it the simple , specific , succinct way :
Am I worried I ’ll have to rewrite it ?
Am I worried someone will criticize it or that I ’ll look bad ?
Am I worried that it ’s not professional enough ?
Are any of these true ?
Then relax .
Do n’t worry .
You worry , you call me , I make you happy .
Just write the code the simple , specific way and then add a short comment , something like : Replace with the Strategy pattern if this gets any bigger .
This is the perfect solution .
It ’s a great reminder to you next time you come here about what you wanted to do .
It shows other programmers on your team that you considered the ‘ correct ’ way to do it and have a good reason not to do it just yet .
It ’s very hard to argue with a comment like that , because you ’re not arguing about the strategy pattern vs the switch statement , you ’re arguing about whether to use the strategy pattern after 3 cases or after 4 cases – not a discussion that can reflect badly on you , in any case .
A few months later you can go back and look at how many of your comments eventually turn into more complicated , engineering code .
I ’ll bet you it ’s not very many .
That ’s how much time and effort you ’ve saved , right there .
That ’s setting yourself free to pursue the solution and that ’s making the world a slightly better place .
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
Editor 's Note : The ABA is pleased to welcome American Bird Conservancy President Dr. George Fenwick to the blog to introduce the 5th International Partners in Flight Conference and Conservation Workshop , held this week in Snowbird , Utah .
In addition to the critical conversations and trans - hemispheric planning sessions occurring at the meeting this year , the ABA is proud to announce our presence there as well .
We 'll be taking our acclaimed conservation program Birders '
Exchange on the road , distributing optics and equipment to deserving researchers from all over the hemisphere right on site .
Without further ado , here 's Dr. Fenwick .
--=====--
I do n’t write a lot about meetings , especially in advance .
This post is the exception that proves that rule .
There is a meeting that will take place outside Salt Lake City , Utah , August 25 – 28 and if this meeting does what it ’s designed to do , it will be a banner day for birds but more specifically , it will be a banner day for declining neotropical migratory birds found in the Western Hemisphere .
The meeting in question is the fifth international meeting of Partners in Flight ( PIF ) and is being hosted by American Bird Conservancy .
PIF ( www.partnersinflight.org) was formed as a collaboration of hundreds of groups and agencies in 1990 , in response to growing concerns about the decline of many of our landbirds , especially neotropical migrants .
Its partner list is a Who ’s Who in bird conservation in the Americas ; the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service supports the only paid position in the partnership – the Partners in Flight National Coordinator .
PIF has been described as one of the most ambitious conservation efforts ever launched , but it does n’t do a lot of conferences – roughly two per decade .
That ’s a useful thing when the economy is tight and travel is expensive .
For that reason , bird conservationists took note when this fifth international PIF conference and workshop was scheduled for this summer .
At this point , hundreds of ornithologists and other scientists are expected to attend .
Participants include not only home - grown NGOs concerned with these migratory bird problems , but a range of bird experts from 14 countries and almost 100 organizations from Canada and Mexico , Central and South America , and the Caribbean .
PIF and ABC are doing everything they can to help ensure that this year ’s meeting shapes the future of bird conservation , which is a tall order indeed .
Our target - simple to voice but exceedingly complex to implement - is a better life for the declining migrants found in the Americas .
We hope to reach that goal by working together on a set of “ conservation business plans ” designed to identify and prioritize actions needed to improve the habitats used by the migratory birds .
In recent years , “ business plans ” have become attractive to donors because they are necessarily very specific in identifying what will be achieved for a given commitment of resources .
To that end , collaborative teams are being formed for eight different ecological regions used as wintering grounds , geographically linking north and south to cover wintering , breeding , and transit areas .
These teams and conference attendees will develop specific sets of programs and projects to address the most pressing threats for these regions and their migratory birds .
The result : a “ conservation blueprint ” for our most imperiled migratory species .
We have set up the meeting to be inclusive , inviting all who are concerned about birds and their conservation to attend , participate , and contribute .
It is an opportunity that does not come along often on a stage this large .
It seems like the pieces are in place for this collaboration to produce a lasting legacy for conservation .
Such things have happened before -- prominent scientists and conservationists coming together and significantly changing the course of conservation .
In 1917 , Victor Shelford gathered scientists and formed the Ecological Society of America , leading to the publication of The Naturalist ’s Guide to the Americas ( 1926 ) and launching the modern conservation movement in the United States .
Another historical moment in bird conservation occurred in 1985 , when research showed that waterfowl populations had plummeted to record lows .
Concerned groups and individuals came together to create the North American Waterfowl Management Plan , recognized by both the United States and Canada in 1986 and later joined by Mexico .
That plan has generated more than $ 5.3 billion to purchase and enhance waterfowl habitat on more than 20 million acres in these three countries­ — a remarkable legacy of coordinated public - private action .
In addition to the working sessions , the meeting also offers plenary sessions that run the gamut from provocative : Can Conservation Save Birds ?
– to international : The Challenges and Success of Migratory Bird Conservation in the Wintering Grounds , from the Latin American Perspective – to fresh approaches : The Partners in Flight Full Life - Cycle Approach : New Directions for Bird Conservation .
See the full line - up of plenary sessions here .
Special sessions – nine in total -- have something for everyone , including : A Western Hemisphere Climate Change Vulnerability Assessment for All Birds ; Understanding and Overcoming the Social Challenges of Bird Conservation ; and Migration Stopover and Bottlenecks for Long- distance Migrants within the Western Hemisphere .
Check out the full schedule .
And of course they have a full set of birding field trips after the heavy lifting of the meeting has taken place :
For more than 20 years , under the banner of Partners in Flight , thousands of our best scientists , conservationists , and educators have labored to understand , address , and enlighten us about the disappearance of migratory birds .
These are great people .
Let ’s hope they can make a difference again .
If you care about bird conservation and you have n’t signed up for this meeting , you should check it out at www.pifv.org.
The comets and asteroids that are potentially the most hazardous because they can closely approach the Earth are also the objects that could be most easily exploited for their raw materials .
It is not presently cost effective to mine these minerals and then bring them back to Earth .
However , these raw materials could be used in developing the space structures and in generating the rocket fuel that will be required to explore and colonize our solar system in the twenty - first century .
Whereas asteroids are rich in the mineral raw materials required to build structures in space , the comets are rich resources for the water and carbon - based molecules necessary to sustain life .
In addition , an abundant supply of cometary water ice could provide copious quantities of liquid hydrogen and oxygen , the two primary ingredients in rocket fuel .
It seems likely that in the next century when we begin to colonize the inner solar system , the metals and minerals found on asteroids will provide the raw materials for space structures and comets will become the watering holes and gas stations for interplanetary spacecraft .
Reference : Lewis , John S. Mining the Sky : Untold Riches from the Asteroid , Comets , and Planets .
Addison - Wesley , 1996 .
Maryland ’s Montgomery County Council passed the nation ’s first county - level carbon tax on Wednesday thanks in part to a little heckling from a group of rowdy Tea Party protesters .
It would be hard to dream up a more delightful twist to cap off a campaign that was about as dramatic as they come in the world of county politics .
Desperate to prevent what they rightly saw as a precedent that could unleash an avalanche of similar laws across the country , the Mirant Corporation — owners of the big coal plant that was facing the $ 15 million tax — spared no expense in their efforts to kill the bill .
They ran an all - out astroturf campaign that was about as dirty as the energy they produce — outrageously mischaracterizing the bill as anti-environmental , and setting up a website that is known to have generated at least one fraudulent email .
Local climate activists with the Chesapeake Climate Action Network and other groups responded with a salvo of real , unpurchased and unmanufactured grassroots emails , petitions , and phone calls to the councilmembers , but right up to the key council subcommittee vote on Tuesday , there was a serious concern that Mirant ’s underhanded tactics might win the day .
That concern nearly turned to panic when we arrived at the bill hearing on Tuesday to find the room packed with a mob of global - warming - denying Mirant employees and Tea Party activists the polluters had trotted out in hopes of delivering the knockout punch .
They outnumbered us five to one , and they wasted no time turning the hearing into scene reminiscent of August ’s infamous healthcare town - hall meetings — with members of the audience booing and heckling the councilmembers and those testifying in favor of the bill , including Chesapeake Climate Action Network director Mike Tidwell .
It was a circus of ignorance and incivility like nothing I ’d ever experienced , and presiding over it all were the Mirant executives whose testimony echoed the boldfaced disrespect of their cheering section , mocking councilmember Roger Berliner ’s bill as “ anti-environmental ” and “ more sound bite than sound policy . ”
Fortunately , the councilmembers found the spectacle that Mirant put on as disgusting as we did , and following a verbal smackdown from councilmembers Berliner and George Leventhal , councilmember Duchy Trachtenberg let Mirant and the Tea Party protesters know just how badly their uncivil tactics had backfired : “ I ’m afraid your testimony and your presence here today have had the opposite effect of what you intended , ” she told them just before asking to be added as a co-sponsor of the bill .
Her decision put the vote count over the top , and soon thereafter the committee voted unanimously in favor of the bill .
The bill passed the entire county council the next day in an 8 - 1 vote .
The only thing better than watching a big energy baddy like Mirant go down in flames is watching them get taken down thanks in part to a colossal backfire of teabagger fury .
Against the ugly backdrop of the Mirant campaign , the honest , civilized tactics of Montgomery county climate activists — those hundreds of real grassroots phonecalls , emails , and petitions — stood out in even sharper relief and rightfully won the day .
It was a real vindication .
Thanks for the boost Tea Partiers .
Keep it up .
Venice , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
More than six hours after BP 's latest attempt to cap the runaway leak in the Gulf of Mexico got under way Wednesday afternoon , officials said it was too soon to say whether it was working .
In Robert , Louisiana , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles would not comment on the impact of the " top kill . "
" It 's too hard to say , " he said .
" I think we just need to take the next 24 hours and actually see what the results are . "
But the operation was going according to plan , he said , with more than 7,000 barrels of drilling mud applied by 7 p.m. ( 8 p.m. ET ) at a rate of up to 65 barrels per minute , he said .
CNN.com Live : Underwater view of top kill procedure
Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry , the federal on - scene coordinator , was equally reluctant to draw conclusions .
" While we 're very encouraged by some aspects of this procedure , I do n't want to express optimism until I know for sure that we 've secured the well and the leak has stopped , " she told reporters .
Speaking from BP 's command center in Houston , Texas , BP Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward cautioned against drawing conclusions based on the live video feed of the stricken well a mile below the surface .
" It 's unlikely to give us any indication of what 's really going on , " he said .
" Increases or decreases are not an indicator of success or failure at this time . "
The 24 - hour timetable diverged from one offered by Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who told reporters in Venice , Louisiana , that he expected to know Wednesday night whether the attempt was working .
" What they have told us is it will take a couple of days for it to be fully implemented , but that they should know in a matter of hours , " he said late in the afternoon .
" We should , hopefully , know something later tonight , " he said .
WWL - TV : Fishermen hear from Alaskans on ' 89 oil spill
Whatever the timing , patience was in short supply .
More than a month after the April 20 blast that killed 11 workers and uncorked the oil flow into the Gulf , Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser on Wednesday blasted the federal government 's response and called for its point man to step aside .
" Thad Allen should resign , " Nungesser said , referring to the U.S. Coast Guard admiral who has been leading the government 's effort .
" He 's done absolutely nothing .
He 's an embarrassment to this country . "
Read more about what Nungesser said
Nungesser , who had just completed a tour of the stricken area , bemoaned what he had seen .
" The same oil that 's been out there two weeks ago is still out there , and nothing is being done , " he said .
" The marsh is dying .
It 's dead . "
He said the Coast Guard should demand that BP begin cleanup efforts immediately .
" They had no plan to keep the oil out , even though they said it would n't come ashore , " he said .
" They had no plan to clean it up .
They have no plan to make the fishermen whole .
It 's like it 's being run with a bunch of seventh - graders .
This is absolutely ridiculous . "
Nungesser said he was holding out hope that President Barack Obama 's return visit to the region on Friday would result in action .
" When he comes back , he needs to change the command that 's in charge of this , " Nungesser said .
The parish president specifically called on Obama to support plans touted by Jindal for the Environmental Protection Agency to issue dredging permits so that berms can be constructed to protect the state 's threatened marshlands .
The EPA has said it is studying the proposal .
Landry defended Allen 's work .
" I would hope that Adm .
Allen , who has been at this since day one , would not even consider taking that recommendation , " Landry told reporters .
" I do n't think the president would back that up either . "
She added , " I do n't think we can spare to have anyone leave at this point .
I think we 're right in the middle of the fight . "
She also disputed the assertion that little was being done .
So far , BP has spent more than $ 750 million on the spill , and federal authorities have spent more than $ 100 million , which BP will reimburse , she said .
More than 20,000 people and an armada of vessels and equipment from a number of federal and state agencies as well as from the private sector are being used , she said .
" Nobody is not involved in this spill in this region , " she said .
Wednesday 's effort to cap the flow got under way at 1 p.m. ( 2 p.m. ET ) , when BP began pumping thick , viscous fluid twice the density of water into the site of the leak .
If all goes according to plan , the well would then be sealed with cement .
Hayward , noting that the effort has never been carried out at such depths , has said there was a 60 percent to 70 percent chance of success .
" If it 's successful , and there are no guarantees , it should greatly reduce or eliminate the flow of oil now streaming into the Gulf from the sea floor , " Obama said after discussing the top kill procedure with Energy Secretary Steven Chu , who was in Houston at the command center .
" And if it 's not , there are other approaches that may be viable . "
Obama plans to announce Thursday " strengthened inspections " and an effort to tighten safety regulations for offshore drilling , an administration official said .
i Report : Share your views on the oil spill response
He is also expected to discuss other recommendations that came from a 30 - day review he ordered shortly after the April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that triggered the leak and left 11 men missing and presumed dead .
If the " top kill " does not succeed , pressure for the White House to take action is sure to increase .
" If this thing does n't work , then the president ought to turn this over to the military , " said Sen. Bill Nelson , a Democrat from Florida .
" You 've got to have BP 's cooperation because they have the best technical instruments , but we have got to have somebody in charge and I think the U.S. military is best suited to do that . "
Administration officials have said BP is best equipped to plug the leak .
In preparation for the operation , BP put equipment into place early Wednesday .
A team of experts examined conditions inside the five - story blowout preventer to determine how much pressure the injected mud will have to overcome .
A blowout preventer is a critical piece of equipment designed to shut down the well in the event of an emergency , but it failed in the BP leak .
Oil spill demystified : A glossary
On Tuesday , congressional investigators reported that the oil giant had had three indications of trouble aboard the rig .
The well unexpectedly spouted fluid three times in the 51 minutes before the explosion and pressure on the drill pipe " unexpectedly increased " before the blast .
A House Energy and Commerce Committee memo summarized preliminary findings of BP 's own investigation into the disaster and said it " raised concerns about the maintenance history , modification , inspection and testing " of the rig 's blowout preventer .
Hayward said Wednesday that the industry was dealing with an " unprecedented accident . "
" Well , as in all major accidents of this sort , what we 're seeing here is a whole series of failures , " he said .
" We 've identified in our initial assessment , at least seven .
That investigation is far from complete . "
Meanwhile , fishermen and tour boat captains sat idle Wednesday as oil blotted more than 100 miles of shore in Louisiana , where fishing is a $ 2.4 million industry , officials said .
The oil has washed ashore in nine locations in Louisiana , affecting 100 miles of coastline .
The shores of Alabama , Mississippi and Florida remain unblemished , Suttles said .
Online maps , apps help track oil spill
After EPA 's admonition that the amount of dispersant used in the ocean be reduced , none was used on Wednesday , Landry said .
Instead , efforts were focused on skimming and in situ burning , she said .
If the " top kill " fails , an attempt would be made to contain more of the flow than is currently being siphoned through a riser insertion tool , according to Suttles .
That would likely be followed by an attempt to place another blowout preventer on top of the existing one , which failed , he said .
" Everyone has experienced a great deal of frustration that we 're 30 - some odd days into this oil spill and we have n't yet contained the flow , " Suttles said .
But , he added , " We 're doing everything we can to bring it to closure . "
According to Huashang , a local website , Song arrived at the home of Gao Aiqin , a 54 - year - old woman , at seven o'clock in the morning while she was cooking .
" He was outside calling my name , " she said .
When she emerged from her house , she saw him holding an axe , which he used to hit her with on the head .
With blood streaming down her face , she " quickly went back inside , bolting the door .
Eventually he went away " .
A fight broke out between British National Party parliamentary candidate for Romford , Bob Bailey , and some Asian men as party members were out campaigning in east London .
The fight began when one of the men in the group spat at Mr Bailey as he was out with supporters in Ripple Road .
Read more :
If you use GUIs in Python much , then you know that sometimes you need to execute some long running process every now and then .
Of course , if you do that as you would with a command line program , then you ’ll be in for a surprise .
In most cases , you ’ll end up blocking your GUI ’s event loop and the user will see your program freeze .
What can you do to get around just mishaps ?
Start the task in another thread or process of course !
In this article , we ’ll look at how to do this with wxPython and Python ’s threading module .
wx Python ’s Threadsafe Methods
In the wxPython world , there are three related “ threadsafe ” methods .
If you do not use one of these three when you go to update your user interface , then you may experience weird issues .
Sometimes your GUI will work just fine .
Other times , it will crash Python for no apparent reason .
Thus the need for the threadsafe methods .
Here are the three thread - safe methods that wxPython provides :
wx .
PostEvent
wx .CallAfter
wx .CallLater
According to Robin Dunn ( creator of wxPython ) , wx .
CallAfter uses wx .
PostEvent to send an event to the application object .
The application will have an event handler bound to that event and will react according to whatever the programmer has coded upon receipt of the event .
It is my understanding that wx .
CallLater calls wx .CallAfter with a specified time limit so that you can tell it how long to wait before sending the event .
Robin Dunn also pointed out that the Python Global Interpreter Lock ( GIL ) will prevent more than one thread to be executing Python bytecodes at the same time , which may limit how many CPU cores are utilized by your program .
On the flip - side , he also said that “ wxPython releases the GIL while making calls to wx APIs so other threads can run at that time ” .
In other words , your mileage may vary when using threads on multicore machines .
I found this discussion to be interesting and confusing …
Anyway , what this means in regard to the three wx- methods is that wx .
CallLater is the most abstract threadsafe method with wx .
CallAfter next and wx .
PostEvent being the most low - level .
In the following examples , you will see how to use wx .
CallAfter and wx .
PostEvent to update your wxPython program .
wxPython , Threading , wx .
CallAfter and PubSub
On the wxPython mailing list , you ’ll see the experts telling others to use wx .
CallAfter along with PubSub to communicate with their wxPython applications from another thread .
I ’ve probably even told people to do that .
So in the following example , that ’s exactly what we ’re going to do :
import time import wx from threading import Thread from wx.lib.pubsub import Publisher ######################################################################## class TestThread( Thread ) : " " " Test Worker Thread Class . " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Init Worker Thread Class . " " " Thread.__init__(self ) self.start ( ) # start the thread #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def run( self ) : " " " Run Worker Thread . " " " #
This is the code executing in the new thread . for i in range ( 6 ) : time.sleep( 10 ) wx.CallAfter(self.postTime , i ) time.sleep (5 ) wx.CallAfter( Publisher ( ) . sendMessage , " update " , " Thread finished ! " )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def postTime ( self , amt ) : " " " Send time to GUI " " " amtOfTime = ( amt + 1 ) * 10 Publisher ( ).sendMessage ( " update " , amtOfTime ) ######################################################################## class MyForm ( wx . Frame ) : #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " Tutorial " ) #
Add a panel so it looks the correct on all platforms panel = wx .
Panel ( self , wx .
ID_ANY ) self.displayLbl = wx.StaticText ( panel , label = " Amount of time since thread started goes here " ) self.btn = btn = wx.Button ( panel , label = " Start Thread " ) btn.
Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) sizer .
Add(self.displayLbl , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) sizer .
Add( btn , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) panel.SetSizer( sizer ) # create a pubsub receiver Publisher ( ).subscribe(self.updateDisplay , " update " )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onButton ( self , event ) : " " " Runs the thread " " " TestThread ( ) self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " Thread started ! " ) btn = event.
GetEventObject ( ) btn .
Disable ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def updateDisplay ( self , msg ) : " " " Receives data from thread and updates the display " " " t = msg.data if isinstance(t , int ) : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " Time since thread started : %s seconds " % t ) else : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " %s " % t ) self.btn. Enable ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- #
Run the program if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = MyForm ( ) .
Show ( ) app.MainLoop ()
We ’ll be using Python ’s time module to fake our long running process .
However , feel free to put something better in its place .
In a real life example , I use a thread to open Adobe Reader and send a PDF to a printer .
That might not seem like anything special , but when I did n’t use a thread , the print button in my application would stay stuck down while the document was sent to the printer and my GUI just hung until that was done .
Even a a second or two is noticeable to the user !
Anyway , let ’s see how this works .
In our thread class ( reproduced below ) , we override the “ run ” method so it does what we want .
This thread is started when we instantiate it because we have “ self.start ( ) ” in its __init__ method .
In the “ run ” method , we loop over a range of 6 , sleeping for 10 seconds in between iterations and then update our user interface using wx .
CallAfter and PubSub .
When the loop finishes , we send a final message to our application to let the user know what happened .
######################################################################## class TestThread( Thread ) : " " " Test Worker Thread Class . " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Init Worker Thread Class . " " " Thread.__init__(self ) self.start ( ) # start the thread #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def run( self ) : " " " Run Worker Thread . " " " #
This is the code executing in the new thread . for i in range ( 6 ) : time.sleep( 10 ) wx.CallAfter(self.postTime , i ) time.sleep (5 ) wx.CallAfter( Publisher ( ) . sendMessage , " update " , " Thread finished ! " )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def postTime ( self , amt ) : " " " Send time to GUI " " " amtOfTime = ( amt + 1 ) * 10 Publisher ( ) .sendMessage ( " update " , amtOfTime )
You ’ll notice that in our wxPython code , we start the thread using a button event handler .
We also disable the button so we do n’t accidentally start additional threads .
That would be pretty confusing if we had a bunch of them going and the UI would randomly say that it was done when it was n’t .
That is a good exercise for the reader though .
You could display the PID of the thread so you ’d know which was which …and you might want to output this information to a scrolling text control so you can see the activity of the various threads .
The last piece of interest here is probably the PubSub receiver and its event handler :
def updateDisplay ( self , msg ) : " " " Receives data from thread and updates the display " " " t = msg.data if isinstance(t , int ) : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " Time since thread started : %s seconds " % t ) else : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " %s " % t ) self.btn. Enable ( )
See how we extract the message from the thread and use it to update our display ?
We also use the type of data we receive to tell us what to show the user .
Pretty cool , huh ?
Now let ’s go down a level and check out how to do it with wx .
PostEvent instead .
wx .
PostEvent and Threads
The following code is based on an example from the wxPython wiki .
It ’s a little bit more complicated than the wx .
CallAfter code we just looked at , but I ’m confident that we can figure it out .
import time import wx from threading import Thread # Define notification event for thread completion EVT_RESULT_ID = wx. NewId ( ) def EVT_RESULT ( win , func ) : " " " Define Result Event . " " " win.
Connect( - 1 , -1 , EVT_RESULT_ID , func ) class ResultEvent ( wx. PyEvent ) : " " " Simple event to carry arbitrary result data . " " " def __init__ ( self , data ) : " " " Init Result Event . " " " wx.PyEvent.__init__( self ) self .
SetEventType(EVT_RESULT_ID ) self.data = data ######################################################################## class TestThread( Thread ) : " " " Test Worker Thread Class . " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , wxObject ) : " " " Init Worker Thread Class . " " "
Thread.__init__(self ) self.wxObject = wxObject self.start ( ) # start the thread
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def run( self ) : " " " Run Worker Thread . " " " #
This is the code executing in the new thread . for i in range ( 6 ) : time.sleep ( 10 ) amtOfTime = ( i + 1 ) * 10 wx .
PostEvent(self.wxObject , ResultEvent( amtOfTime ) ) time .
sleep(5 ) wx.PostEvent(self.wxObject , ResultEvent ( " Thread finished ! " ) )
######################################################################## class MyForm ( wx . Frame ) : #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " Tutorial " ) #
Add a panel so it looks the correct on all platforms panel = wx .
Panel ( self , wx .
ID_ANY ) self.displayLbl = wx.StaticText ( panel , label = " Amount of time since thread started goes here " ) self.btn = btn = wx.Button ( panel , label = " Start Thread " ) btn.
Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) sizer .
Add(self.displayLbl , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) sizer .
Add( btn , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) panel.SetSizer( sizer ) #
Set up event handler for any worker thread results EVT_RESULT ( self , self.updateDisplay )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onButton ( self , event ) : " " " Runs the thread " " " TestThread ( self ) self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " Thread started ! " ) btn = event.
GetEventObject ( ) btn .
Disable ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def updateDisplay ( self , msg ) : " " " Receives data from thread and updates the display " " " t = msg.data if isinstance(t , int ) : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " Time since thread started : %s seconds " % t ) else : self.displayLbl.SetLabel( " %s " % t ) self.btn. Enable ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- #
Run the program if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = MyForm ( ) .
Show ( ) app.MainLoop ( )
Let ’s break this down a bit .
For me , the most confusing stuff is the first three pieces :
# Define notification event for thread completion EVT_RESULT_ID = wx. NewId ( ) def EVT_RESULT ( win , func ) : " " " Define Result Event . " " " win.
Connect( - 1 , -1 , EVT_RESULT_ID , func ) class ResultEvent ( wx. PyEvent ) : " " " Simple event to carry arbitrary result data . " " " def __init__ ( self , data ) : " " " Init Result Event . " " " wx.PyEvent.__init__( self ) self .SetEventType(EVT_RESULT_ID ) self.data = data
The EVT_RESULT_ID is the key here .
It links the thread to the wx .
PyEvent and that weird “ EVT_RESULT ” function .
In the wxPython code , we bind an event handler to the EVT_RESULT function .
This allows us to us wx .
PostEvent in the thread to send an event to our custom event class , ResultEvent .
What does this do ?
It sends the data on to the wxPython program by emitting that custom EVT_RESULT that we bound to .
I hope that all makes sense .
Once you ’ve got that figured out in your head , read on .
Are you ready ?
Good !
You ’ll notice that our TestThread class is pretty much the same as before except that we ’re using wx .
PostEvent to send our messages to the GUI instead of PubSub .
The API in our GUI ’s display updater is unchanged .
We still just use the message ’s data property to extract the data we want .
That ’s all there is to it !
Wrapping Up
Hopefully you now know how to use basic threading techniques in your wxPython programs .
There are several other threading methods too which we did n’t have a chance to cover here , such as using wx .
Yield or Queues .
Fortunately , the wxPython wiki covers these topics pretty well , so be sure to check out the links below if you ’re interested in those methods .
Further Reading
Downloads
Human Rights Watch said Thursday it had evidence of cases from a 2008 - 09 conflict in which the Israeli army wantonly destroyed civilian property in the Gaza Strip , even if there was no military necessity .
Open gallery view An IDF soldier during the Gaza war Credit : ( Archive )
Israel should investigate the alleged cases of destruction during the 2008 - 2009 Gaza war , and those who committed or ordered them should be prosecuted for war crimes , the international human rights organization said .
The New York - headquartered group criticized Hamas and other Palestinian groups for firing rockets from populated areas , noting that , in such cases , property damage caused by Israeli counterstrikes " may have been lawful ' collateral damage . ' "
But in a 116 - page report published Thursday , titled " ' I lost everything ' : Israel 's Unlawful Destruction of Property in the Gaza conflict , " the group described 12 cases in which troops destroyed homes , factories and orchards " without any lawful military purpose . "
In those cases , HRW said it found no indication of nearby fighting at the time of the destruction .
In all cases , the fighting in the area had stopped and , in most , Israeli bulldozers destroyed the property after Israeli soldiers had dispersed Palestinian militants in the area and consolidated control , said the group .
HRW said it documented the complete destruction of 190 buildings , including 11 factories , 8 warehouses and 170 residential buildings - which it said was roughly 5 per cent of the total property destroyed in Gaza - leaving at least 971 Palestinians homeless .
It also condemned Israel 's economic blockade of Gaza as illegal collective punishment , which prevented proper reconstruction .
In this , it also held Egypt responsible .
Although Israel had " valid " security concerns that Hamas could use cement to build or strengthen military bunkers and weapons smuggling tunnels , Israel should " urgently " create a mechanism to independently monitor the use of cement for civilian reconstruction , it said .
" The United States , the European Union and other states should urgently call upon Israel and Egypt to open Gaza 's borders to reconstruction materials and other supplies essential for the civilian population , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , the Middle East director at HRW .
An Israel Defense Forces spokesman in Jerusalem said the army was formulating a response to the report .
By Captain Pyke | May 18 , 2010 - 10:24 pm
He 's discovered new worlds and new civilizations .
He 's boldly gone where none of us have gone before .
He 's explored the final frontier .
All while having to pull down his uniform and gaining his own named maneuver in the process .
That 's right , you 've guessed it .
We 're talking about the Captain of the federation flagship .
Our dear Captain Jean - Luc Picard .
More importantly we 're talking about the man who brought him to life .
The amazingly talented and versatile actor Sir Patrick Stewart .
It 's time once again for the crowd pleasing Youtube Video Round - up : Patrick Stewart Edition ( imagine that with some sweet echo effect ) .
We 've scoured the interwebs , well youtube anyway , for the very best and freshly cut Patrick Stewart videos .
And , boy , have we found some winners .
Our dear Captain talks about everything from losing his hair to his first taste of Hollywood and performing for Sir Laurence Olivier .
Sit back , relax , and enjoy what the Captain of our favorite starship has to offer .
Patrick Stewart on his introduction to Hollywood
Patrick Stewart & an Englishman 's fourth of July
Patrick Stewart has never tweeted , but he loves his iPhone
One of our very favorites , Patrick Stewart on Top Gear ( part 1 )
( part 2 )
Patrick Stewart & how baldness is awesome in the 24th century
Patrick Stewart discusses playing Enobarbus , 1973 vs 1978
And finally , to round out this festive occasion , Patrick Stewart helps The Count .
you know that you are the best cosplayer i have ever seen ,
I just want you to know
Google announced Feb. 10 that it plans to deliver up to 1G - bps Web speeds to 50,000 people across the United States as part of an experiment to gauge the quality of next - generation apps , the viability of " new deployment techniques " and interest in " openness . "
Google might even ramp up availability to over 500,000 people in the United States .
Google 's announcement has sent shockwaves through the tech community .
Just how much does Google plan to invest in its new fiber - optic deployment ?
How will major ISPs respond to the news ?
And perhaps most importantly , how will it impact the telecommunications industry ?
At this point , Google 's exact intentions are unknown .
But it could have a profound effect on the tech industry .
Let 's take a look at why :
1. Speeds Are Abysmal
Around the United States , Web speeds are abysmal .
In many cases , the average American is lucky to get 10 M - bps download speeds and 1 M - bps upload speeds .
It 's a real issue .
Other countries around the world are enjoying much faster speeds .
And considering the Web is becoming increasingly crowded with large files , it 's taking some folks much longer than they 'd like to download those files .
If Google can deliver 1G - bps download speeds , it would dramatically improve the average U.S. Web user 's experience on the Internet .
2. ISPs Do n't Seem to Care
Unfortunately , most ISPs just do n't seem to care that download speeds are not where customers would like them to be .
Major ISPs , including Comcast and Time Warner Cable , have basically maintained status quo over the past couple years .
And in some cases , those ISPs are limiting speeds on those that upload too many files each month .
ISPs do n't seem worried by this .
Hopefully , Google can make them realize that things need to change .
3. The Market Wants It
The market desires another company to come in and change things up .
Current ISPs have been at it for too long without much competition .
If Google can break into the market and offer dramatically improved speeds , companies like Time Warner Cable and Comcast will have no choice but to react .
Having just a few companies dominating Internet access is a major issue for most Web users .
Google is the only company that can address that .
4. Google Has the Cash to Do It
Deploying a fiber - optic network to the home is an extremely costly endeavor .
The immense cost has given ISPs a sense of comfort , knowing that the barriers to entry are so high that most companies will opt against deploying a network .
But Google is different .
It has the cash on hand - over $ 10 billion at last count - to invest in a full - scale fiber network without worry of losing everything .
ISPs know that .
And they are undoubtedly concerned .
That 's probably a good thing for Web users .
A Texas man with no military experience managed to trick the US army into letting him enter a reserve unit as a noncommissioned officer earlier this year , putting an untrained soldier in a leadership position in a time of war .
The revelation comes just months after the army drew criticism for failing to raise the suspicious activities of Major Nidal Hasan , the army psychiatrist now charged with killing 13 and wounding dozens of others at a military base in Fort Hood .
The case , detailed in court records and other documents examined by the Associated Press , raises more questions about the army 's ability to vet soldiers ' backgrounds as it faces continued pressure from Congress over its screening and records system .
While the soldier never deployed overseas , the case demonstrates how easily someone could pose as a member of the US military .
Jesse Bernard Johnston III , 26 , joined the army reserve in February as a sergeant and was assigned to the Corps Support Airplane Company based at the Fort Worth naval air station .
But he was not qualified to hold that rank , according to military records obtained by the AP .
The records show that Johnston 's only military experience was attending part of a 12 - week Marine officer candidate course for college students in 2004 .
Major Shawn
Haney , spokeswoman for Marine Manpower and Reserve Affairs , said Johnston did n't complete the course 's final six weeks .
" He was never considered a Marine , " she said .
The matter , currently under investigation by the army , means a soldier received a security clearance and was in position to lead troops in combat even though he had not gone through basic training or spent any time in the service .
The Corps Support Airplane Company has been deployed in Iraq , providing pilots as well as intelligence and support personnel for an aviation battalion set up to destroy improvised explosive devices .
If it is proven that Johnston gained his army rank based on a phoney Marine record , it would be the first documented case of so - called " stolen valour " in which the military was duped during the enlistment process , according to watchdogs of such fraud .
Most cases involve attempts to get veterans ' benefits or other forms of financial gain .
Congress attempted to crack down on military impostors in 2005 by passing a law that made it a crime to claim false decorations or medals .
" This just raises some incredibly significant issues at a time when this country is involved in a global war on terror , " said US Representative Mike Coffman , a Colorado Republican who served with the Marines in Iraq .
" If this person was able to penetrate the military fraudulently , you have to ask the question : could n't somebody who was out to do harm to our country do the same thing ? "
Army officials , citing an ongoing investigation , declined to provide details of Johnston 's enlistment or say whether he was suspected of providing false documents or using some other means to make himself out to be an ex-Marine .
Questions about Johnston were raised by an officer who grew concerned when Johnston could n't satisfactorily explain how he got certain Marine medals and ribbons that he displayed .
The officer , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation , said he contacted Marine and army legal authorities and learned from the Marines that Johnston never served .
In a recent court proceeding , Johnston 's former wife , also an army reservist , accused him of using falsified documents to make it appear he had served in the Marines .
Melanie Rolfing , 24 , made the claim in a sworn statement filed last month in Fort Worth family court when she had her two - year - old marriage annulled , alleging fraud .
Johnston did not contest the annulment .
In her affidavit , Rolfing said she met Johnston in 2006 and that he joined her Army Reserve unit so they could fulfil their dream of becoming army aviators together .
She said Johnston led her to believe he had served as a Marine in Iraq and Afghanistan and earned a Bronze Star and two Purple Hearts .
He would even attend military functions wearing a Marine dress uniform , and people would come up to shake his hand and ask about his medals , she said .
Promptly produced particles may interact with hadrons produced at the same time in the pp collision .
A very important feature of the LHCb analysis is the ability to compare the promptly produced χ c1 ( 3872 ) and ψ ( 2S ) particles with those from decays of B hadrons .
This comparison is very interesting because B hadrons live long enough to fly a few mm and decay in the vacuum outside the pp collision region - and therefore the χ c1 ( 3872 ) and ψ ( 2S ) produced in B hadron decays never interact with the dense environment at the pp collision point , and so could not experience the suppression effects mentioned above .
The left image shows the fraction f prompt of promptly produced χ c1 ( 3872 ) and ψ ( 2S ) , as a function of the number of tracks reconstructed in the VErtex LOcator ( VELO ) , which is a measure of the event activity .
For both mesons , the value of f prompt decreases as the event activity increases .
The right image shows the ratio of the χ c1 ( 3872 ) and ψ ( 2S ) production cross sections for prompt and B hadron decay production ( denoted " b decays " ) , again as a function of the number of tracks reconstructed in the VELO .
Moving from low to high multiplicity , the data suggest that prompt χ c1 ( 3872 ) production is suppressed relative to prompt ψ ( 2S ) production .
This would be expected in a scenario where interactions with co-moving hadrons produced in the collision dissociate a large , weakly bound χ c1 ( 3872 ) particle more than the relatively compact conventional charmonium ψ ( 2S ) particle .
In contrast , the ratio of cross sections for production in B hadron decays does not display any significant dependence on event activity .
( The central values of the black points increase gradually , but within uncertainties are consistent with being flat . )
These results will be of interest both to theorists studying the possible exotic nature of χ c1 ( 3872 ) particle and those investigating dense hadronic matter .
Read more in the conference presentation and in the conference note .
Results from LHCb on Open and hidden beauty production as well as Z boson production in pPb and Pbp collisions were also presented at the conference .
These allow the study of cold nuclear matter effects , and to how they can be disentangled these from quark - gluon plasma effects ( see an introduction to the topic ) .
The images above show the production of different bb quark bound states ( ϒ mesons ) and Z boson production in pPb collisions as well as production of two charmonium states ( J/ ψ and ψ ( 2S ) ) in ultra-peripheral Pb - Pb collisions .
The LHCb Upgrade will provide an excellent opportunity for unique and groundbreaking insights on the intrinsic properties of the heavy ion physics to be made in the LHC Run 3 and 4 .
The LHCb Collaboration presented interesting new results at the International Conference on Kaon Physics 2019 in Perugia , Italy , and at the International Conference on B - physics at frontier machines , Beauty 2019 in Ljubljana , Slovenia .
Selected topics are listed below .
(1) Hunting for the rarest strange decays at the LHC , K S 0 →μμ .
Decays of K mesons into pairs of muons played a very important role in the history of particle physics .
There are two types of neutral K mesons : the short - lived K S 0 ( " K - short " ) , and the long - lived K L 0 ( " K- long " ) .
The results of branching - ratio measurements of the K - long decay into muon pairs in the early 1970s disagreed strongly with the predictions of the particle physics theory of the time , based on the existence of three quarks : u , d and s .
The branching ratios were calculated to be of the order of 10 - 4 while the experimental limits were about 4 orders of magnitude lower .
In an attempt to solve this problem Glashow , Iliopoulos and Maiani proposed the existence of an additional quark , called a charm quark – a 1970s version of a new physics model .
In the mechanism they proposed ( GIM mechanism ) a destructive virtual contribution of this new quark greatly reduced the K - long decay rate into muon pairs .
The discovery of the J/ψ meson in November 1974 was the first evidence for the existence of charm quark , and at the same time confirmation of the GIM mechanism .
45 years later , LHCb physicists are searching for K - short decays into muon pairs , again on the look - out for new physics .
This decay rate is very sensitive to possible contributions from new , yet - to - be discovered particles , such as leptoquarks or super - symmetric particles that are too heavy to be observed directly at the LHC .
These could significantly enhance the decay rate , up to existing experimental limits , but could also suppress it , as the charm - quark contribution to the K - long decay did .
In the same way , the long - running search for the very rare decay of a B s 0 meson into a muon - antimuon pair was motivated by the search for new physics .
According to the Standard Model , the expected decay rate of K S 0 →μμ is about thousand times smaller than that of B s 0 →μμ , making the search particularly challenging .
The analysis required a sophisticated online ( real - time ) selection , and made use of machine - learning tools and parallel processing with graphics processing units ( GPUs ) .
In the absence of a significant signal ( see image ) , an upper limit on the branching fraction of 2.1 × 10 - 10 is obtained , four times more stringent than the previous best limit , which was also set by LHCb .
(2) Observation of parity violation and search for CP - violation in Λ b 0 → pπ-π+π- decays .
Charge - parity ( CP ) violation - a difference in behaviour between matter and antimatter - is a well - established phenomenon in the decays of K and B mesons .
Recently , it has also been observed by the LHCb collaboration in the decays of D mesons .
However , CP violation has yet to be established in baryonic decays .
Similarly , parity violation is well established in weak interactions , but has never been observed in b - hadron decays .
( In weak decays of hadrons , parity violation depends on the hadron ’s constituents . )
Physicists from LHCb reported the first observation of parity violation in b- baryon decays , with a significance of over 5 standard deviations , using a sample of Λ b 0 → pπ -π+π- decays .
Searches for CP violation were also performed , giving results that are marginally compatible with the hypothesis of no -CP violation .
The left image above shows the pπ-π+π- invariant mass spectrum with an accumulation at the Λ b 0 mass .
The other images show measured asymmetries by grouping data in different ways ( different binning schemes ) , with horizontal black dashed lines at zero representing the hypothesis of P and CP conservation .
The open blue points are inconsistent with this null hypothesis and show clear evidence of parity violation , the first observation of the phenomenon in b- baryon decays , while the red full points do not show evidence of CP violation when a statistical test is applied .
A second , complementary analysis method is used in which , rather than grouping the data into bins , a single test is used to measure how well the underlying distributions of data points overlap .
The result obtained from this method constitutes an observation of parity violation with over 5 standard deviations significance .
Read more in the LHCb conference presentation , in the LHCb CERN seminar and in the paper .
This result is an update to a previous paper , which used about four times less signal .
(3) Search for the doubly charmed baryon Ξ cc +.
The LHCb collaboration discovered the exceptionally charming particle Ξ cc ++ in 2017 .
It is a baryon containing two charm quarks and one up quark ( ccu ) , resulting in an overall doubly positive charge .
It is the doubly charmed counterpart of the well - known lower - mass Ξ0 baryon , which is composed of two strange quarks and an up quark ( ssu ) .
The Ξ cc ++ was then rediscovered in different decay mode and its lifetime has been measured .
Other , similar combinations of quarks are also possible .
If the u quark of a Ξ cc ++ baryon is replaced by a d quark , one obtains a singly charged Ξ cc + baryon ( ccd ) , which is expected to have a similar mass but a much shorter lifetime according to a number of theoretical calculations .
LHCb physicists reported the results of a search for this particle in the decay chain Ξ cc + →Λ c +K-π+ , Λ c +→pK -π+ , using the full Run1 and Run2 data sample .
The left image above shows the pK - π+ invariant mass spectrum in which events accumulate around the Λ c + mass .
Milions of Λ c + baryons are selected with high purity .
The right image shows the Λ c +K -π+ invariant mass spectrum .
A search is carried out for a possible " bump " that would indicate evidence for the Ξ cc + baryon in the “ RS ” ( right - sign ) distribution ; the “ WS ” ( wrong - sign ) spectrum is a control channel where no structure is expected to show up .
No significant signal is observed and , since LHCb 's ability to reconstruct these particles depends strongly on how much the Ξ cc + baryon flies before decaying , a suite of limits are reported under different Ξ cc + lifetime hypotheses .
The dashed blue line indicates the mass of the Ξ cc ++ baryon discovered by LHCb , and the dotted red line indicates the mass of the Ξ cc + baryon reported by SELEX experiment at Fermilab .
Read more in the LHCb conference presentation and in the LHCb paper .
The lightest baryon , the proton , which is the nucleus of the hydrogen atom , is composed of three light quarks uud while its neutral partner the neutron is composed of udd quarks .
By replacing one of the d quarks by a heavier strange quark s we obtain a Λ 0 particle composed of uds quarks .
Furthermore by replacing in the Λ 0 baryon the s quark by a charm quark c or a beauty quark b we obtain a Λ c + or a Λ b 0 baryon particle .
The three quarks udb forming the Λ b 0 are in their lowest quantum mechanical state .
Like electrons in atoms quarks can form excited states with different values of angular momentum and quark spin orientation .
Earlier , in 2012 , LHCb announced the observation of the two excited states of Λ b 0 baryon , Λ b ( 5912 ) 0 and Λ b ( 5920 ) 0 , discovered in the Λ b 0 π + π - invariant mass spectrum .
Today at the EPS - HEP conference , the LHCb collaboration announced the discovery of two new beauty baryon particles .
These particles are interpreted as excited states of the Λ b 0 baryon .
The new structures are observed in the Λ b 0 π + π - spectrum using the full LHCb Run 1 and Run 2 data set , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 9 fb - 1 .
In the analysis reported today Λ b 0 baryons are formed from Λ c +π- combinations , where the Λ c + baryon is reconstructed using its pK - π+ decay .
Λ b 0 →J/ψK - decays , with J / ψ→μ+μ- , are also used as a cross-check .
The left image below shows the Λ b 0π+π- invariant mass spectrum with Λ b 0 baryons reconstructed in these two cases .
A clear peaking structure is observed at a mass of around 6150 MeV in both cases .
Since the mass of the new structure is above the thresholds ( minimum invariant mass ) of both the Σ b ±π∓ and Σ b * ±π∓ combinations , it can potentially decay via these intermediate resonances .
To investigate this the Λ b 0π+π- mass spectrum is studied in the Λ b 0π± mass regions populated by the Σ b ( * ) ± resonances .
The data with Λ b 0 →Λ c +π- are split into three samples : events with a Λ b 0π + mass around the Σ b ± mass region , around Σ b ∗± mass region and the remaining nonresonant ( NR ) ones .
The Λ b 0π+π- mass spectra in these three samples are shown in the central image above .
The spectra in the Σ b and Σ b * regions look different and suggest the presence of two narrow peaks at different masses , denoted in the LHCb result as Λ b ( 6146 ) 0 and Λ b ( 6152 ) 0 .
The right image above shows the corresponding Λ b 0π + and Λ b 0π- invariant mass spectra in the decays of new particles .
As well as nonresonant component , clear contributions from intermediate resonances are visible : Λ b ( 6152 ) 0 → Σ b ±π∓ , Λ b ( 6152 ) 0 → Σ b * ±π∓ and Λ b ( 6146 ) 0 → Σ b * ±π∓ .
No significant evidence is found for Λ b ( 6146 ) 0 → Σ b ±π∓ .
The masses of the two states measured in this analysis are consistent with theoretical predictions for the 1D doublet of Λ b 0 states .
While the newly discovered states are denoted as Λ b 0 , their interpretation as other excited beauty baryons , such as neutral Σ b 0 states , can not be excluded .
Recently LHCb physicists reported the first observation of the two new mass peaks in the Λ b 0π + and Λ b 0 π- invariant mass spectrum consistent with the excited Σ b ( 6097 ) ± charged baryon .
Read more in the LHCb EPS - HEP presentation and in the LHCb paper .
The LHCb collaboration has submitted for publication an updated measurement of the CP - violating phase φ s in B s 0 meson decays .
The precision measurement of φ s is one of the most important goals of the LHCb experiment .
In the wonderful world of quantum mechanics a B s 0 meson can decay directly or oscillate into B s 0 meson and then decay .
In analogy to the two - slit quantum mechanics experiment , these two modes of decay can interfere .
Interference like this is one of the key ingredients for CP violation to occur .
CP violation means that particles and their antiparticles have different properties and behave in different ways ; it 's required to explain why the universe we live in consists mainly of matter rather than antimatter .
In this case , the CP violation would manifest itself as a nonzero value of the phase φ s .
Within the Standard Model , the value of φ s can be calculated precisely from other measurements .
The predicted value of φ s is small , about - 0.037 rad , and New Physics effects could therefore change its value significantly .
In order to obtain this new result , LHCb physicists measured the decay - time - dependent CP asymmetry in B s 0 →J/ ψK+K- decays using proton - proton collision data collected with the LHCb detector at a centre - of - mass energy of 13TeV in 2015 and 2016 of the LHC Run 2 , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 1.9 fb - 1 .
The CP - violating phase φ s was measured using a sample of approximately 117 000 decays with a K+K- invariant mass in the vicinity of the φ ( 1020 ) meson .
The images below show ( a ) the J/ψK+K- invariant mass distribution peaking at the B s 0 meson mass , and ( b ) that of the K+K- combination accumulated around the φ meson mass .
The reported value is φ s = - 0.083±0.041±0.006 rad , consistent with expectations based on the Standard Model and with a previous LHCb analysis of this decay using data recorded at centre - of - mass energies 7 and 8 TeV in the LHC Run 1 .
The combination of the Run 1 and Run 2 results gives φ s = - 0.080±0.032 rad .
This result is then combined with the recently published measurements of φ s using B s 0 → J / ψπ+π- decays obtained with the same dataset , and with previous independent LHCb results .
The combined value φ s = - 0.041±0.025 rad is consistent with expectations based on the Standard Model , and is the most precise experimental determination .
The phase φ s is not the only interesting parameter that can be measured with B s 0 - B s 0 oscillations .
Following the rules of quantum mechanics , each of the particles can be expressed as a different combination of two quantum states that have slightly different masses and decay widths ( and thus slightly different lifetimes ) .
Their mass difference , Δm s , determinates how fast B s 0 and B s 0 oscillate into each other , see 15 march 2011 news .
The difference of their decay widths , ΔΓ s , was measured in this new analysis together with the value of φ s and other parameters such as the difference between the B s 0 and B0 lifetimes .
The left image above shows the various LHCb measurements of φ s used for the combined result , and the combined contour ( in blue ) in the φ s - ΔΓ s plane .
The B s 0 →J/ψK+K- ( magenta ) and B s 0 → J / ψπ+π- ( red ) contours are both marked 4.9 fb - 1 and represent combinations of Run 1 and Run 2 data .
The Standard Model expectations obtained by the CKMfitter group is indicated by the thin black rectangle ( and a similar result is also obtained by the UTFit collaboration ) .
The right image above shows the comparison of the LHCb combined result ( in green ) with results from other experiments , including the recent ATLAS measurement ( in blue ) , and the world combination by the HFLAV group ( in white ) .
The world combination gives φ s = - 0.055±0.021 rad .
Read more in the LHCb paper and LHCb CERN seminar .
Today at the Rencontres de Moriond QCD conference , the LHCb collaboration announced the discovery of a new narrow pentaquark particle , P c ( 4312 ) + , decaying to a J// ψ and a proton , with a statistical significance of 7.3 standard deviations .
In addition , the P c ( 4450 ) + pentaquark structure previously reported by LHCb is also confirmed , but a more complex structure consisting of two narrow overlapping peaks , P c ( 4440 ) + and P c ( 4457 ) + , is now emerging , with the two - peak structure having a statistical significance of 5.4 standard deviations compared to a single - peak hypothesis .
In the conventional quark model , strongly interacting particles known as the hadrons are formed either from quark - antiquark pairs ( mesons ) or three quarks ( baryons ) .
Particles which cannot be classified within this scheme are referred to as exotic hadrons .
In their fundamental 1964 papers [ 1 ] and [ 2 ] , in which they proposed the quark model , Murray Gell - Mann and George Zweig mentioned the possibility of adding a quark - antiquark pair to a minimal meson or baryon quark configuration .
It took 50 years , however , for physicists to obtain unambiguous experimental evidence of the existence of these exotic hadrons .
In April 2014 the LHCb collaboration published measurements that demonstrated that the Z( 4430 ) + particle , first observed by the Belle collaboration , is composed of four quarks ( ccdu ) .
Then , a major turning point in exotic baryon spectroscopy was achieved at the Large Hadron Collider in July 2015 when , from an analysis of Run 1 data , the LHCb collaboration reported significant pentaquark structures in the J / ψp mass distribution in Λ b 0 → J/ψpK - decays .
Various interpretations of these structures have been proposed , including tightly bound pentaquark states and loosely bound molecular baryon - meson state .
These two possibilities are illustrated in the figure to the left .
The color of the central part of each quark is related to the strong interaction color charge , while the external part shows its electric charge .
The leftmost image illustrates how the quarks could be tightly bound ; the image to the right shows a loosely bound meson - baryon molecule , in which a meson and a baryon are connected by a residual strong force similar to the one that binds protons and neutrons together within nuclei .
The analysis presented today used the combined data set collected by the LHCb collaboration in Run 1 ( with pp collision energies of 7 and 8TeV , and corresponding to a total integrated luminosity of 3 fb - 1 ) plus Run 2 ( 6 fb - 1 at 13TeV ) .
From this sample , 2.5x105 Λ b 0 → J/ψpK - decays were selected , nine times more than in the previous Run 1 analysis .
The combined data set was analysed in the same way as in the earlier 2015 paper and the parameters of the previously reported P c ( 4450 ) + and P c ( 4380 ) + structures were found to be consistent with the original results .
However , analysis of the much larger data sample reveals additional peaking structures in the J/ ψp invariant mass spectrum which were not visible in the data sample used before .
A narrow peak is observed near 4312MeV with a width comparable to the mass resolution .
The structure at 4450MeV is now resolved into two narrow peaks , at 4440 and 4457MeV .
The images below show the contribution of these pentaquark states to the J/ ψp invariant mass spectra .
The minimal quark content of these states is duucc : four quarks and one antiquark .
Since all three states are narrow and lie just below the Σ c +D0 and Σ c + D* 0 thresholds ( meaning that their mass is slightly smaller than the sum of the masses of a Σ c + and a D0 or a D*0 ) by amounts that correspond to plausible hadron - hadron binding energies , they provide a possible experimental evidence for the existence of bound states of a baryon and a meson , as seen in the image above .
If this interpretation is correct , the decay channels open to the states would be restricted .
Being just below threshold , such states would not decay by " falling apart " into a Σ c + baryon and a D0 or a D *0 meson , but could decay instead to a J/ψ meson and a proton .
In the baryon - meson configuration shown in the image , it is not easy for the c and c quarks to come close enough together to form a cc bound state ( i.e. a J/ψ meson ) .
Therefore , such a baryon - meson configuration is expected to be relatively stable and would be observed as a narrow peak , following the basic rules of quantum mechanics .
A description of these states as tightly bound clusters of five quarks is also plausible .
A full understanding of the internal structure of the observed states will require more experimental and theoretical study .
Read more in the Moriond presentation , in the LHCb paper , in the CERN news and in the LHCb CERN seminar .
Today at the Rencontres de Moriond EW conference , the LHCb Collaboration presented an updated measurement of the ratio R K , an important test of a principle of the Standard Model of particle physics known as " lepton universality " , which states that the Standard Model treats the three charged leptons ( electrons , muons and taus ) identically , except for differences due to their different masses .
The ratio R K describes how often a B+ meson decays to a charged kaon and either a muon and anti-muon pair ( K+μ+μ - ) or an electron and anti-electron pair ( K+e+e - ) .
These decays are extremely rare , occurring at a rate of only one in two million B+ meson decays .
The decays involve the transformation of a beauty quark into a strange quark ( b→s ) , a process that is highly suppressed in the Standard Model and can be affected by the existence of new particles , which could have masses too high to be produced directly at the Large Hadron Collider .
LHCb has studied a number of other such ratios comparing decays with different leptons in beauty particle decays ( see R K , R K*0 , R ( D * ) and R ( J / ψ ) ) .
These results revealed hints of deviations from lepton universality , none of which was significant enough to constitute evidence of new physics on their own .
However , according to theorists who study possible extensions of the Standard Model , taken together these deviations suggest an interesting and coherent pattern .
All previous LHCb results used only the Run 1 data sample .
During Run 2 ( 2015 - 2018 ) , LHCb collected a much larger data sample containing approximately four times larger number of beauty particle decays and these data are now being analysed intensively .
Measurements like R K use the technique of blind analysis , in which the physicists analysing the data do not know the result until the analysis method is finalized and frozen , following an extended review within the collaboration .
The measurement presented today is the first lepton universality test performed using part of the Run 2 data set ( 2015 - 2016 ) together with the full Run 1 data sample , representing in total an integrated luminosity of 5 fb - 1 .
To minimise the influence of detector and other experimental effects , LHCb physicists used a " double ratio " method : what they measure is R K divided by another ratio , r J/ψ , the true value of which is known to be very close to 1 but which has similar sensitivity to detector effects to R K .
This gives an extra layer of protection : the scientists study and correct for all known experimental effects , but if any unknown effects slip through they will cancel in the double ratio between R K and r J/ψ .
In more detail , R K is defined as the ratio of probabilities that a B + meson decays to K + μ + μ - or K + e + e - ( within a particular invariant mass range ; see below ) , and r J/ ψ is defined as the ratio of probabilities that a B + meson decays to J/ψK + with J/ψ →μ + μ - vs J/ψK + with J/ψ →e + e - .
The double ratio method greatly reduces systematic uncertainties related to the different experimental treatment of muons and electrons , which largely cancel in the double ratio .
In particular , the use of the double ratio method means that the detection efficiency of the decay B + → K + e + e - only needs to be known relative to that of the B + → J / ψ( →e + e - ) K + decay , rather than the B + → K + μ + μ - .
Moreover , J/ψ meson decays into μ + μ - and e + e - pairs are known to respect lepton universality at the 0.4 % level .
This means that the measurement of the single ratio , r J/ψ , also constitutes an excellent cross-check , since it does not benefit from the double ratio's cancellation of systematic effects and so is a sensitive and stringent test of the methods used to determine the efficiencies .
The value of r J/ψ is found to be 1.014±0.035 , consistent with 1 .
The figures show the measured invariant mass distributions of B + candidates for the four decay modes used in the double - ratio measurement , each with a clear peak around the B + meson mass .
The analysis is performed in the range 1.1<q 2 < 6.0 GeV 2 , where q 2 is the invariant mass of the μ + μ - and e + e - pair , and benefits from an improved reconstruction compared to the previous LHCb R K measurement .
The value of R K is measured to be 0.846 +0.060 - 0.054 +0.016 - 0.014 , where the first uncertainty is statistical and the second systematic , and is shown at the image as a black point with error bars .
This is the most precise measurement to date and is consistent with the SM expectation at the level of 2.5 σ ( 2.5 standard deviations ) , a value very similar to the 2.6 σ obtained in the previous measurement , and show as a grey point .
The new measured value of R K supersedes the previous one , is closer to the Standard Model prediction , and has a smaller uncertainty .
The result of BaBar Collaboration at low q 2 is shown by the green left point and favors also a value below one .
The blue point shows that the result of the R K measurement by the Belle Collaboration is consistent with one in the whole q 2 range up to 22 GeV 2 .
Further reduction in the uncertainty on R K can be expected when the data collected by LHCb in 2017 and 2018 , which have a statistical power approximately equal to that of the entire 2011 - 2016 data set used here , are included in a future analysis .
In the longer term , there are good prospects for even higher - precision measurements as much larger samples will be collected with the upgraded LHCb detector .
Read more in the LHCb Moriond presentation , in the LHCb paper and in the LHCb CERN seminar .
The LHCb collaboration has just presented at the Rencontres de Moriond EW and in a special CERN Seminar the first observation of CP violation in charm particle decays .
Quarks can be split into two sectors : those with the same electrical charge as the up quark ( up - type quarks , charge + 2/3 ) , and those with the same as the down quark ( down - type quarks , charge - 1/3 ) .
Differences in the properties of matter and antimatter , arising from the so - called phenomenon of CP violation , had been observed in the past using the decays of K and B mesons , i.e. of particles that contain strange or beauty quarks , which are both down - type quarks .
By contrast , despite decades of experimental searches , CP violation in the decays of charmed particles , i.e. containing the charm quark , which is an up - type quark , escaped detection so far .
The result announced today constitutes the first observation of CP violation in decays of a charmed particle .
CP violation is one of the key ingredients required to explain why today 's universe is only composed of matter particles , with essentially no residual presence of antimatter .
The phenomenon was first observed in 1964 in the decay of neutral K mesons , and the two physicists who made the discovery , James Cronin and Val Fitch , were awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 1980 .
Such a discovery came as a great surprise at the time , as it was firmly believed by the community of particle physicists that the CP symmetry could not be violated .
In the early 1970s , building on the foundations laid by Nicola Cabibbo and others some years before , Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa realised that CP violation could be included naturally in the theoretical framework that we know today as the Standard Model of particle physics provided that at least six different quarks existed in nature .
Their fundamental idea was confirmed eventually three decades later by the discovery of CP violation in beauty particle decays by the BaBar and Belle collaborations , leading to the award of the 2008 Nobel Prize in physics to Kobayashi and Maskawa .
In the Standard Model , the existence and overall size of CP violation are determined by a single parameter , though the way it manifests in a particular decay is influenced by several others .
The values of these fundamental parameters can be determined experimentally by measuring many different CP - violating processes .
The combined set of these measurements , many of which have been performed by LHCb , agree very well with the Standard Model predictions for all CP - violating effects known so far in particle physics .
The Standard Model also predicts a tiny amount of CP violation in charm particle decays , at a level that is difficult to calculate exactly but could be up to 10 - 3 - 10 - 4 in decay modes of interest .
b ) D 0 and D 0 mesons are produced from so - called semileptonic beauty decays , as for example B + → μ + νD 0 or B - → μ - νD 0 .
In this way , the presence of a μ + identifies a D 0 meson , whereas a μ - indicates a D 0 .
a ) D 0 and D 0 mesons are produced from D *+(-) meson decays , D *+ → π + D 0 and D *- → π - D 0 .
The presence of a π + at this point in the decay chain indicates the presence of a D 0 meson , whereas a π - accompanies a D 0 meson .
LHCb physicists studied the differences in decay rates of neutral D 0 mesons , composed of a charm quark ( c ) bound by strong interactions with an up antiquark ( u ) , and D 0 mesons , composed of a charm antiquark ( c ) bound with an up quark ( u ) .
The goal of the analysis is to measure the difference between the decay rates of D 0 and D 0 mesons decaying into K +
K – pairs or into π + π - pairs .
In practice , the measurement consists in counting the numbers of D 0 and D 0 mesons decaying into K + K - or π + π - pairs which are present in the data sample recorded by LHCb in 2011 - 2018 .
The LHCb experiment collected an unprecedented amount of such charm decays , allowing physicists from the LHCb collaboration to pinpoint the tiny size of CP violation in the charm - quark sector .
However , these decays are identical for D 0 and D 0 mesons : how can you tell if the decaying meson is D 0 or D 0 to understand whether there are more D 0 or D 0 mesons decaying to K + K - ( or π + π - ) pairs ?
The images show the so - called invariant - mass distributions used to count the number of decays that are present in the data sample .
The area of each blue , bell - shaped ( Gaussian ) peak is proportional to the number of decays of that type recorded by the experiment .
The final result , which uses essentially the full data sample collected by LHCb so far , is given by the quantity ΔA CP =( - 0.154±0.029 ) % , whose difference from zero quantifies the amount of CP violation observed .
In particular , this turns out to differ from zero by 5.3 σ ( 5.3 standard deviations ) , thus surpassing the threshold of 5 σ adopted by particle physicists to assert without reservation that a discovery is made .
This represents the first observation of CP violation in charm particle decays , opening up a new field in particle physics : the study of CP - violating effects in the sector of up - type quarks , and searches for new physics effects using charm CP asymmetry measurements .
Read more in the Moriond EW presentation , in the CERN seminar presentation , in the LHCb paper , in the CERN Press Release in English end French , in The Conversation article .
This week the LHCb collaboration announced the observation of an excited B c + state , confirming measurements by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations .
The results were presented at the conference “ Rencontres de Physique de la Vallée d'Aoste ” held at La Thuile , Italy .
The B c + particle is a very interesting meson composed of two different heavy quarks : an anti-beauty quark ( electric charge + 1/3 ) and a charm quark ( + 2/3 ) bound together by the strong nuclear force .
Just like ordinary atoms , c and b quarks can be arranged in various quantum states with different angular momenta and spin configurations , giving rise to a spectrum of particles with different masses like charmonium and bottomonium systems .
The charmonium , cc , and bottomonium , bb , quark bound systems were intensively studied after the discovery of the J/ψ meson on 11 November 1974 .
( Indeed , LHCb continues to contribute to these studies ; see a recent contribution in the news below ) .
The study of the B c + system , cb , is much more difficult .
B c + mesons are produced much more rarely , since both a cc and a bb quark pair need to be formed close together .
But at the LHC , the large energy and intensity of pp collisions allow sufficient number of B c + mesons to be produced , enabling scientists to study the properties of the cb quark bound system .
In the second step of analysis , the physicists looked for signs of strong decays of excited B c + mesons to the ground state .
To do this , they looked for combinations of the B c + ground - state meson plus a pair of opposite sign pions , π + π - .
The left image below shows the corresponding invariant mass spectrum , with the black points showing the mass of B c + π + π - combinations : two peaking structures are visible .
The same image also includes a red histogram ; this represents combinations of a B c + with two same - sign points , e.g. B c + π + π + .
Because these same - sign combinations have the wrong electric charge , they cannot contain real excited B c + states and are useful as a measure of the background .
The right image below is made from the same data sample but plotted in a different way : the x-axis variable , ΔM , is obtained by subtracting the B c + meson mass from the B c + π + π - invariant mass .
The two coloured peaks show the contributions of the two excited states announced at the conference today : the left one ( red hatched ) is observed with a significance above 5 σ while the right one ( red cross - hatched ) has a local significance above 3 σ .
The numerical results of the measurements can be found in the LHCb presentation .
B c + mesons are unstable , but they can be reconstructed by looking for their decay products .
In the first step of the analysis , LHCb physicists looked for pairings of a J/ψ and a π + meson , one possible B c + decay mode .
The image shows the corresponding invariant mass spectrum .
The points with error bars are the data , and the red cross - hatched area shows a clear contribution from the decays of the B c + ground state : the lowest - mass state of the cb system .
( The ground state is sometimes just called the B c + . )
There is a correspondance between the four cb states shown in the image and the charmonium states η c ( 1S ) , η c ( 2S ) , J/ψ and ψ ( 2S ) shown in the schema in the recent LHCb news below .
The cb state 1S 1 , corresponding to the J/ψ meson in this analogy , has not yet been observed directly .
What are these structures ?
The four relevant quantum states of the cb system are show in the image to the left .
Like many systems in atomic , nuclear , and particle physics , angular momentum plays a key role .
The energy of the system is determined by three quantities : the spin arrangement of the c and b quarks , the angular momentum between the quarks , and the radial excitation ( size ) of the system .
Each of the four states shown is marked " S " , meaning that there is zero orbital angular momentum between the quarks .
There are two main levels : a ground state 1S and an excited state 2S .
Within each of those two levels , the quarks can be arranged so that their spins are opposed ( ↑↓ ) or aligned ( ↑↑ ) .
Since each quark has spin ½ , these correspond to total spins of 0 or 1 ; like when putting bar magnets side by side , the arrangement with opposed spins is more stable and corresponds to a lower - mass state .
The two peaks seen by LHCb are due to the two decays of a 2S excited state to a 1S ground state ( 2S 0 →1S 0 and 2S 1 → 1S 1 ) accompanied by a pair of pions ( π + π - ) , shown as vertical black arrows in the figure .
For the 2S 1 decay chain , there is an extra photon produced ( marked γ , from the transition ( 1S 1 → 1S 0 at the bottom of the figure ) but it is not reconstructed .
The B c + meson was first observed by the CDF collaboration at the Tevatron collider in 1998 .
The ATLAS collaboration first reported a single peak in the B c +π+π- invariant mass distribution in 2014 , but due to experimental limitations on the mass resolution and signal yield the ATLAS analysis was unable to resolve the two - peak structure .
One month ago , in February 2019 , the CMS collaboration released a paper in which the two peak structure is resolved .
The LHCb and CMS results for the properties of the peaks are consistent .
Properties of the B c meson family can reveal information on heavy quark dynamics and improve the understanding of the strong interaction in the intermediate energy region between charmonium and bottomonium .
The two –onium systems have been studied for 40 years .
The precise study of B c meson family , the cb system , starts now .
The LHCb experiment at the LHC is very well designed to play a leading role in this investigation .
Read more in the LHCb presentation and in the LHCb paper .
This week the LHCb Collaboration announced the discovery of a new particle made of a charm and anti-charm quark .
The results , which were presented at the International Workshop " e+e- Collisions From Phi to Psi 2019 " held in Novosibirsk , are the first to make use of all the available data recorded by the LHCb experiment from 2011 to 2018 , and also include precise measurements of the properties of two other so - called " charmonium " states .
Charmonium states with mass smaller than twice the mass of a charm meson D cannot decay into a pair of charmed particles that each contain a charm c or an anticharm c quark .
Instead , the states with higher masses can , and decay typically into charm meson pairs .
LHCb physicists studied the decays of charmonium in D 0 D 0 and D + D - meson pairs .
The image above shows the corresponding invariant mass spectra .
Several peaking structures can be clearly seen and are listed in the figure .
The images below show fits to different regions of the mass spectra with models used to describe these structures as charmonium states emerging above the background .
The narrow structure marked X ( 3842 ) in the image above represents the contribution of a new narrow charmonium state , observed for the first time by LHCb , with overwhelming statistical significance in both decay modes .
The left image below shows a fit giving the mass of this state to be 3842.72±0.16±0.12 MeV /c 2 and the natural width 2.79±0.51±0.35 MeV , where the first error is statistical and the second systematic .
The observed mass and narrow natural width suggest the interpretation of the new state as the previously unobserved ψ 3 ( 1D ) charmonium state .
This represents the first spin - 3 charmonium state observed .
It is interesting to note that LHCb discovered in July 2014 another spin - 3 state in the D s meson system .
The charmonium states are bound systems of a charm quark , c , and an anti-charm quark , c , held together by the strong nuclear force .
Just like ordinary atoms , e.g. hydrogen , c and c quarks can be arranged in various quantum states with different angular momenta and spin configurations , giving rise to a spectrum of particles with different masses , all composed of the same fundamental quarks .
In recent years there has been a resurgence of interest in charmonium spectroscopy following the discovery of states that do not fit into the conventional charmonium spectrum .
It is sometimes difficult to conclude if a new discovered state is a previously unobserved charmonium state or an exotic particle composed e.g. of four quarks , such as a tetraquarks .
Knowledge of the spectrum of conventional states is important to help identify exotic states : if all predicted conventional states are accounted for , we can be more confident that the remaining ones are exotic .
The left image shows LHCb contribution to the knowledge of the charmonium spectrum .
The newly discovered X ( 3842 ) state is marked in red as ψ 3 ( 1D ) .
The two states , which new parameter measurements were announced at the conference , are marked in green .
Other states , in which the most precise measurements comes from LHCb , are shown with blue lines .
In particular , LHCb announced in September 2017 a very innovative measurement of the masses of the χ c1 and χ c2 charmonium mesons , performed for the first time by utilising the newly discovered decay χ c1,2 →μ + μ - J/ψ.
Two not - yet discovered states h c ( 2P ) and η c2 ( 1D ) are shown with dashed lines .
The DD threshold is indicated with dotted line .
The other peaking structures visible in the images above represent prompt hadroproduction , seen for the first time , of the previously observed ψ ( 3770 ) and χ c2 ( 3930 ) states .
The most precise measurements ever of the resonance parameters of these states were made .
The low mass structure visible in the D 0 D 0 invariant mass spectrum comes from the χ c1 ( 3872 ) →D ∗0 D 0 decays followed by the D ∗0 →D 0 π 0 or D ∗0 →D 0 γ decays , where the γ and the π 0 are not detected .
Read more in the LHCb presentation , in the CERN news in English and in French and also in the LHCb paper .
The LHC Run 2 ended on December 3 , see the corresponding news .
The current experiment will be largely dismantled and an almost completely new detector constructed during the two - year - long shutdown : a new LHCb will be born in 2021 .
The major fraction of LHCb 's sub-detectors will be replaced or upgraded during this shutdown .
Last week about 500 members of the collaboration celebrated the end of the first stage of the experiment with the detector in its original form and the beginning of construction of a new detector .
There were memorable sessions reminding members of the collaboration how the ideas of the first dedicated beauty experiment at the hadron collider were born and developed as well as on the history of different sub - detector construction .
The construction of the new upgraded detector will profit from the most recent technological developments .
LHCb physicists and engineers have been assisted in their efforts by excellent companies that have collaborated closely with LHCb and their contributions have been crucial in ensuring the successful upgrade of the experiment .
The LHCb collaboration selected three outstanding companies , Kuraray , Europractice and Advacam , for LHCb Industry awards and presented these at a special ceremony which took place during celebration .
They were followed by a fantastic party with amazing number of artists giving terrific musical performances , accompanied by video1 , video2 and a slide show presenting images of the old detector and preparations for the installation of a new one .
The image shows a musical ensemble playing “ A Requiem for LHCb ” during the celebration .
The images above show the celebration speech given by the Collaboration Board chairperson Valerie Gibson and the spokesperson Giovanni Passaleva and the presentation of the Industry Awards to the winners .
The Kuraray company delivered 12 000 km of scintillating plastic fibre for the LHCb Scintillating Fibre Tracker ( SciFi ) detector .
The fibre is in principle a product available in Kuraray 's catalog , however , LHCb ’s technical requirements in terms of attenuation length , light yield and geometrical quality significantly exceeded their standard specifications .
The company had to improve production and environmental parameters and invest in measurement and quality control equipment .
The stable quality of the product over the full delivery period was excellent , the photo and video shows the successful quality tests being performed at CERN .
Europractice helped to design and produced the CLARO ASIC , a 8 - channel amplifier / discriminator for single photon counting with multi-anode photomultiplier tubes .
The ASIC , an Application - Specific Integrated Circuit , is an integrated circuit customized for a particular use , rather than intended for general - purpose use .
The CLARO is designed to sustain high rate , up to 40 Mhits / s per pixel , with a low power consumption , and it is one of the main building blocks of the LHCb RICH upgrade .
Europractice provided access to the software tools needed for ASIC design , and to the silicon foundry for prototyping and production .
Nearly 100 k chips were produced in total according to the specifications in terms of speed , power consumption and radiation tolerance , and these fulfill the requirements of the LHCb RICH upgrade .
The images shows the CLARO ASIC .
Advacam developed a novel thinned ASIC bump bonding technique for the Upgrade of the Vertex Locator of the LHCb detector .
The company had a very collaborative approach to the R&D and prompt , large scale delivery of devices in full conformity with tender .
LHCb very much appreciated the close collaboration of the company , with weekly meetings and feedback on all aspects of project .
The excellent quality control achieved was particularly impressive .
The image shows the interconnection bumps of the VeloPix ASIC .
A very busy period starts now .
Members of the collaboration will continue to analyse Run1 and Run2 data and , at the same time , finalise construction and then install the new detector .
The road towards new discoveries continues .
At the end of every year , the CERN accelerator complex ends its operation for the usual winter shutdown , in which particle accelerators and experiments perform necessary maintence .
But today , when the LHC stopped at 4:38 am , marks the beginning of something very different : the end of the LHC 's Run 2 operation period .
After a two - year - long break known as Long Shutdown 2 ( LS2 ) , the collider will restart again in 2021 for the Run 3 operation period .
For LHCb , today is the end of data taking with detector in its original form .
The current experiment will be largely dismantled and an almost completely new detector constructed during the LS2 , and a new LHCb will be born in 2021 .
The 2018 data taking period was divided into two parts , and was extremely successful .
Proton - proton ( pp ) collisions started on April 28 th and were followed by the lead - ion - lead-ion ( PbPb ) collisions starting on November 9 th .
The image shows comparison of integrated luminosity recorded by LHCb during different pp data taking periods .
This year LHCb recorded 2.19 fb - 1 , the best performance ever achieved and slightly higher than the value obtained in 2012 , the last year of Run 1 .
The total luminosity collected in Run 2 is nearly 6 fb - 1 , twice the Run 1 sample of 3 fb - 1 .
Moreover , since the cross-section for b- and b-quark production at 13 TeV proton - proton collisions is about twice that of Run 1 ( 7 and 8 TeV ) , the number of beauty particles available for physics analysis is four times higher in the Run 2 data than in Run 1 .
Excellent perspectives for more and more precise physics results and for the exploration of so - far - inaccessible rare decays are therefore opening for LHCb .
In pp data taking , bunches of protons can cross every 25 ns at the LHC , corresponding to a frequency of 40 MHz ( with about 30 MHz of events with collisions ) .
During Run 1 and 2 the event rate was filtered down to 1 MHz with the help of fast electronics , using comparatively simple algorithms to select the most interesting events .
Those events were then processed in a dedicated computer farm , located underground close to the detector ; this allowed additional , more sophisticated selection criteria to be applied using software ( see the 14 October 2015 news for more ) .
For Run 3 and beyond , this will change radically : the fast electronics will be removed and the whole detector will be read out at the full rate of 40 MHz .
This will allow the whole selection to be done in software , meaning that it can be much more precise and flexible .
Better yet , from Run 3 the pp collision rate at LHCb will be increased by a factor of 5 ( for experts : the luminosity will rise to 2x10 33 cm - 2 s - 1 ) .
With the higher luminosity and a greatly improved ability to pick out the most interesting events , LHCb can look forward to much larger signal yields .
LHCb , the world 's first dedicated b- physics experiment at a hadron collider , is not only producing world - leading results in heavy flavour physics , but it is obtaining important results also in other fields thanks to its excellent detector performances and unique large - rapidity acceptance that make it a general purpose detector in the forward region .
LHCb collected the first pPb collision data in 2013 and the first PbPb data in 2015 .
The 2018 PbPb data taking period was exceptionally successful .
The number of collisions per unit time ( instantaneous luminosity ) was up to 50 times higher than was seen in 2015 , thanks to the number of colliding bunches ( 468 ) beeing 20 times higher and the focalization of colliding Pb beams beeing twice better , while the overall number of collected events ( integrated luminosity ) was 20 times higher .
The image shows a clearly visible J/ψ peak reconstructed during data taking from the PbPb collisions and from the Pb beam interactions with the injected Ne gas target .
LHCb physicists are now eagerly awaiting the offline data processing to start exploring this large PbPb collision data sample .
A major fraction of LHCb 's sub-detectors will be replaced or upgraded during LS2 in order to cope with these much more demanding data - taking conditions , using the most recent technological developments to design the new detectors .
The VErtex LOcator ( VELO ) will be replaced by a new silicon pixel detector that will come as close as 5.1 mm to the proton beams ( see more ) .
The tracking detectors will be replaced by a new high - granularity silicon micro-strip detector , the Upstream Tracker ( UT ) , placed upstream of the magnet , and by the three stations of the Scintillating Fibre Tracker ( SiFi ) , which is placed downstream the magnet , and consists of 2.5 m - long scintillating plastic fibre matrices read out by silicon photo - multipliers .
The mirrors of the RICH1 detector will have a larger curvature radius , and the current Hybrid Photon Detectors ( HPD ) will be replaced by multianode photomultipliers in both RICH1 and RICH2 detectors .
The scintillating pad detector ( SPD ) , the preshower ( PS ) and the first muon chamber ( M1 ) will be removed .
The electronics connected directly to the detector ( front - end ) of all sub - detectors will be modified .
And last but not least , the computing power of the LHCb software event selection system ( trigger ) will be significantly increased as mentioned above , and the entire readout system together with the computer farm will be moved from underground to the surface .
The images above show the preparation of a test of the new VELO ( left ) , a bundle of scintillating fibres ( right ) and the schematic view of the upgrated detector .
Read more in the CERN Press Release in English and French , in the CERN Couriel article and also in the CERN news in English and French .
The LHCb Collaboration presented new interesting results at the Large Hadron Collider Committee ( LHCC ) open session and at the CKM workshop in Heidelberg .
Selected topics are listed below .
The search for and study of these states will cast light on the internal mechanisms governing the dynamics of the strong force that binds quarks inside hadrons .
Read more in the LHCb presentation , in the LHCb paper , in the CERN update in English and French and in the CERN Courier article .
In the quark model , the Λ c + and Λ b 0 are each composed of three quarks : udc for Λ c + and udb for Λ b 0 .
They are heavier partners of the well - known strange baryon Λ 0 , which is composed of uds quarks and whose discovery pre-dates the Standard Model .
The Σ b family of resonances have slightly different combinations of light quarks : uub for Σ b + and ddb for Σ b - .
In each of the upper plots , there are two peaks clearly visible ( blue ) that are identified as the Σ b ± and Σ b *± baryons , which were observed previously by the CDF collaboration .
LHCb confirms the CDF results , improving the precision on those particles ' properties by a factor of 5 .
Beyond these two particles , additional excited states are expected at higher masses .
The lower images show mass spectra over a wider range and with stricter selection requirements .
The peaks in the lower plots ( pink ) represent the first observation , with significances of 12.7 σ and 12.6 σ , of two new particles named the Σ b ( 6097 ) + and Σ b ( 6097 ) - .
They are likely to be part of same family of excited states of the Σ b baryons .
Theoretically , the family of excited Σ b states whose mass is closer to that of the new observed particles is composed of five Σ b ( 1P ) states , some of which may be difficult to observe experimentally .
Since it 's possible that the masses of different excited states may be similar , it cannot be excluded that the structures seen are superpositions of more than one state .
(1) Observation of two new particles in the Λ b 0 π ± system .
LHCb physicists observed and studied two new Σ b particles — as well as four known ones — in the invariant mass spectrum of the two - body system Λ b 0 π ± , consisting of a neutral Λ b 0 baryon and a charged π meson .
These Σ b particles manifest as peaks above the smooth background , as shown in the image ; on the x - axis , Q=m ( Λ b 0 π ± ) - m ( Λ b 0 ) - m ( π ± ) .
The Λ b 0 baryons are reconstructed via their decay Λ b 0 → Λ c + π - , with the Λ c + baryons in turn decaying to pK - π + .
(2) Evidence for an exotic particle decaying into η c ( 1S ) π-.
In the quark model , strongly bound particles ( hadrons ) are formed from combinations of quarks ( q ) and antiquarks ( q ) that have no overall colour charge .
Until relatively recently , only two classes of hadron were known experimentally : qq pairs ( mesons ) and sets of three quarks qqq or qqq ( baryons and antibaryons ) .
These are referred to as conventional hadrons ; those which do not fit into either of the categories are called exotic hadrons .
The LHCb collaboration made important contributions through the study and discovery of exotic particles , like exotic mesons ( which could be tetraquarks ) composed of two quarks and two antiquarks qqqq , and pentaquarks , composed of four quarks and one antiquark qqqqq .
An interesting feature of the exotic particles is that they contain a heavy charm quark - antiquark pair , cc , and therefore charmonium mesons like J/ψ or ψ ( 2S ) ( sometimes denoted ψ' ) were observed in their decays .
( For more on those , the Particle Data Group has a review of the charmonium system in pdf format . )
At the LHCC open session , the LHCb collaboration presented the first evidence for an exotic particle decaying into another charmonium ( cc ) meson , the η c ( 1S ) , plus a π - .
The η c ( 1S ) was reconstructed through its decay to a proton ( p ) and an antiproton ( p ) .
Instead of looking for any combination of an η c ( 1S ) and a pion , the researchers studied those from the decay of a B meson : B 0 → η c ( 1S ) K + π - .
In the absence of exotic resonances , this B 0 decay would proceed predominantly through intermediate kaon resonances , such as K * 0 →K + π - , as shown in the left Feynman diagram .
The right diagram shows a possible contribution proceeding through an exotic particle denoted the Z c - , with minimal quark content ccdu , which then decays into the two - body system η c ( 1S ) π - .
The images above show the invariant mass spectra of the η c ( 1S ) π- system ( from the B0 decays discussed above ) .
The left image shows the results of a best description of the data based on a model using only conventional hadron resonances ( particles ) , like those included in the left Feynman diagram .
A discrepancy is visible around 4.1 GeV .
The right image shows what happens when contributions from an exotic resonance , the Z c - ( 4100 ) , are allowed : a much better description of the data is obtained .
The significance of this new exotic candidate is more than 3 σ when including systematic uncertainties .
This result was obtained with the LHC Run 1 data plus part of the Run 2 data ( 4.7 fb - 1 in all ) .
LHCb will have recorded approximately twice this amount of integrated luminosity by the end of Run 2 , so inclusion of the rest of the Run 2 data in a future update of the analysis will improve the precision and help clarify whether this intriguing hint is indeed a new , exotic particle .
Read more in the LHCb presentation , in the LHCb paper and in the CERN Courier article .
Measurements of the branching fractions of the rare charm meson decays D + →K - K + K + , D + →π - π + K + and D s + →π - K + K + were reported .
The distribution of D s + →π - K + K + candidates across the Dalitz plot is shown in the image , where the presence of intermediate particles ( resonances ) in the decays can be identified as highly populated regions or bands .
Numerical values can be found in the LHCb presentation and in the LHCb paper , and are the most precise results obtained for these decays up to date .
(3) Measurements of the branching fractions of rare decays of charmed mesons .
LHCb physicists presented measurements of the branching fractions of rare decays ( for experts : doubly Cabibbo - suppressed ) of charmed mesons D s + ( with quark content cs ) ) and D + ( cd ) ) .
Precise measurements of these branching fractions provide important information for the understanding of the decay dynamics of these particles .
Modeling these decay dynamics for charm mesons is a challenging theoretical problem : the charm quark mass is not heavy enough for robust application of theoretical methods that are used successfully in calculations of B meson decays , but not light enough for an exhaustive , brute - force approach either ( which has more success for lighter K meson decays ) .
Today the LHCb collaboration submitted for publication the result of a measurement of the lifetime of the Ω c 0 baryon , i.e. a composite particle composed of css quarks .
The Ω c 0 baryon was identified via Ω b - →Ω c 0μ- ν μ X decays , and then by means of the Ω c 0 → pK - K - π+ decay .
The decay - time distribution of the Ω c 0 baryons reconstructed in the analysed sample was measured relative to that of D+ meson decays , whose corresponding distribution is shown in the left image above .
The lifetime of the D+ meson is known to better than 1 % precision .
This approach allowed for significant reductions in the systematic uncertainty associated to the measurement .
A similar technique was also used , for example , in the Ξ cc ++ lifetime measurement .
The right image above shows the measured Ω c 0 decay - time distribution marked as “ Data ” .
The “ Fit ” distribution is created with the lifetime parameter adjusted to describe ( fit ) the data in the best possible way .
The measured lifetime value 268±24±10 ±2 fs is nearly four times larger than , and inconsistent with , the values measured by previous experiments , as visible in the image aside .
The Ω c 0 baryon lifetime was measured about 15 - 20 years ago by the Fermilab photoproduction experiments E687 and FOCUS and the CERN WA89 experiment located at the Σ - beamline of the SPS .
The small samples of Ω c 0 observed at the time were produced in collisions with nuclear targets .
LHCb physicists analysed about 1000 Ω c 0 baryon decays , which constitute a sample that is at least an order of magnitude larger than those used by previous experiments .
The spectrum in the right image above labelled as “ τ=69 fs ” shows what LHCb physicists should have observed if the Ω c 0 lifetime had the world average ( PDG ) value .
The inconsistency is clearly visible .
It is rare that a new measurement of the properties of a known particle results in such a large difference compared to previous measurements .
Since lifetime measurements of hadrons containing heavy quarks are sensitive to the internal structure and dynamics within those hadrons , today ’s precision measurement by LHCb will stimulate even more interest in charmed - baryon lifetime measurements as well as renewed theoretical efforts to understand the internal structure of charmed baryons .
Moreover , they will help us understand how to incorporate QCD effects into the calculations used to describe the decays of baryons containing heavy ( b or c ) quarks .
Read more in the LHCb publication , in the LHCb presentation at the 2018 Conference on Large Hadron Collider Physics , LHCP , in Bologna , and also in the CERN Update in English and French , in the CERN Courier article as well as in the Physics Today Research Update .
A year ago the LHCb collaboration announced the observation of an exceptionally charmed particle , the Ξ cc ++ baryon .
This particle contains two charm quarks and one up quark , resulting in an overall doubly positive charge .
A month ago the collaboration has presented the first measurement of the lifetime of this baryon .
Today LHCb physicists submitted for publication a new observation of this particle using a different decay channel .
This measurement provides important information towards an improved understanding of the decays of doubly charmed baryons .
Read more in the LHCb paper , and also in the CERN Update and the CERN Courier article .
The left image shows the Ξ c + π + invariant mass distribution .
The Ξ cc ++ peak is clearly visible , with a statistical significance of 5.9 σ against the background - only hypothesis .
The mass peak represents an independent observation of the Ξ cc ++ baryon , since the selected events are entirely different from those used in the previous study .
The measured Ξ cc ++ mass is 3620.6±1.5±0.4±0.3 MeV/c 2 , fully consistent with the value of the previous measurement .
The Ξ cc ++ was first observed via its decay into a Λ c + baryon and three lighter mesons K - , π + and π + , with the Λ c + baryon decaying in turn into a proton p , a K - meson and a π + meson .
The Ξ cc ++ has now been " re-discovered " using a different decay , Ξ cc ++ → Ξ c + π + ( see graph ) , in which the Ξ c + baryon decays into a proton , a K - meson and a π + meson .
21 November 2019 update : see Precision measurement of the Ξ cc ++ mass paper .
In a typical proton - proton collision at the LHC , proton constituents , quarks or gluons , interact and move to opposite directions .
They are interconnected by a strong interaction coloured field , a so - called " string " .
( Note an analogy to the electromagnetic field interconnecting electric charges . )
The strength of this interaction increases with distance until finally the string breaks ( fragments ) into many hadrons collimated into two or more directions forming in this way characteristic jets .
The remaining proton fragments , made of quarks or gluons which did not interact , continue to move in the direction close to their original trajectory , also carrying colour quantum numbers .
Therefore , a coloured string interconnecting the two proton remnants is also formed , which then fragments into a high number of particles .
The distribution of these particles is close to flat in the ( pseudo ) - rapidity η , η= - ln ( ta n ( Θ / 2 ) ) , being Θ the angle between the particle trajectory and the beam line .
Sometimes LHC protons also scatter at small angle without producing additional particles .
This kind of interactions is interpreted as being produced by the exchange of an object named pomeron , which has quantum numbers of the vacuum .
This concept was introduced in the Regge theory of strong interactions , a very popular theory which enjoyed a period of interest in the 1960s , and was then largely superseded by QCD .
Pomerons , emitted by each proton , can also interact , producing in turn a small number of hadrons .
Since pomerons are colourless , rapidity regions depleted of accompanying particles appear , named “ rapidity gaps ” .
This kind of interaction can also be observed if one of the pomerons is replaced by a photon .
In the QCD language , a pomeron is interpreted as a two - gluon exchange in which no overall colour charge is transmitted .
The left image shows a set of possible Feynman diagrams producing a J/ψ meson with or without a small number of accompanying particles .
This kind of processes is referred as a Central Exclusive Production ( CEP ) .
The left image below shows a spectacular example of CEP in which two muons from a Υ ( 1S ) - meson decay are reconstructed by the LHCb detector without any other signal recorded .
The High Rapidity Shower Counters for LHCb ( HeRSCheL ) detector was built to enhance studies of this interesting physics .
It is located in the LHC tunnel at a maximum distance of 114 m , on either side of the LHCb interaction point ( see right image above ) .
The detector was built in 2014 and installed at the beginning of 2015 .
It consists of twenty square scintillator modules , each about 30x30 cm2 wide , in which tiny flashes of light are produced when they are traversed by charged particles .
The scintillators are placed within centimetres of the LHC beam , just outside the vacuum pipe ( see images below and video ) .
They can therefore be used to detect particles produced by collisions at the LHCb interaction point , whose deviation from the beam direction is so small that they are not detected in the main LHCb apparatus but escape down the beam - pipe and only emerge further along the tunnel , near the HeRSCheL detectors .
Somewhat counter - intuitively , then , a proton - proton interaction of interest is one that leads to nothing being detected by HeRSCheL !
Indeed , these rare occurences correspond to CEP events where no particles are produced , except those from pomeron interactions .
Thus absence of signal in HeRSCheL enables to be identified and removed very efficiently the much more abundant proton - proton interactions producing a significant number of hadrons .
The HeRSCheL detector is named after Caroline and William Herschel who , together , made great advances in the field of astronomy during the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Not unlike the work of the Herschel family , the HeRSCheL detector brings together well - known and well - established technologies in a novel application .
In so doing , HeRSCheL provides a valuable extension to the LHCb physics programme .
Today the LHCb Collaboration submitted for publication first results of J/ψ and ψ ( 2S ) - meson CEP in pp collisions at 13 TeV .
The use of HeRSCheL allowed backgrounds and systematical uncertainties to be reduced significantly .
Two muon tracks were clearly identified in the LHCb detectors .
Events having additional activity , either in the form of charged or neutral particles observed in the LHCb detector as well as those with significant deposits in the HeRSCheL detector , were removed .
The image shows clearly visible enhancements at the mass values of J/ψ and ψ ( 2S ) mesons .
The results are in agreement with theoretical calculations of two - meson production mainly through pomeron - photon interactions , the continuum being produced via photon - photon interactions .
These results represent an excellent test of QCD , as well as an investigation of the nature of the pomeron , and also a means for constraining the gluon distribution in the proton ( PDF ) at low values of proton momentum fraction .
Read more in the LHCb paper , in the HeRSCheL performance paper and in the CERN Courier article .
Last year the LHCb Collaboration announced the observation of an exceptionally charmed particle , the Ξ cc ++ baryon .
This contains two charm quarks and one up quark , resulting in an overall doubly positive charge .
The Ξ cc ++ baryon was identified via its decay into a Λ c + baryon and three lighter mesons K - , π + and π + ( see graph ) , with the Λ c + baryon decaying in turn into a proton p , a K - and a π + meson .
Following this observation , LHCb is now undertaking precision studies of the properties of this special particle .
These studies are made possible by the high production rate of heavy quarks at the LHC and the unique capabilities of the LHCb experiment , which can identify the decay products with excellent efficiency and purity .
The precise measurements of the track trajectories by the LHCb Vertex Locator ( VELO ) enable the reconstruction of the proton - proton collision point , marked as “ PV ” , and of the decay points of the Ξ cc ++ and Λ c + baryons , as seen in the cartoon .
This week , at the 9 th International Workshop on Charm Physics , CHARM 2018 , in Novosibirsk , Russia , the LHCb Collaboration has presented the first measurement of the lifetime of the Ξ cc ++ baryon .
The data sample and the event selection are similar to those used in the analysis of the Ξ cc ++ discovery .
The experimental technique is based on the measurement of the decay time distribution relative to that of another decay with a similar topology , Λ b 0 → Λ c + π - π + π - .
As the lifetime of the Λ b 0 is already known with high precision from previous measurements , once the ratio of efficiencies for reconstructing the Ξ cc ++ and Λ b 0 decays is determined , it is possible to derive the lifetime of the Ξ cc ++ baryon .
This approach allows for significant reductions of the systematic uncertainties associated to the measurement .
The image shows the background - subtracted decay time distribution of the reconstructed Ξ cc ++ baryons marked as “ Data ” points .
The “ Fit ” distribution is created with the lifetime parameter adjusted to describe ( fit ) the data in the best possible way .
The lifetime value obtained from the fit is 0.256 +0.024 - 0.022 ±0.014 ps .
The measurement of the lifetime is critical to establish the nature of the Ξ cc ++.
The result clearly confirms predictions that it would have a relatively long lifetime value , which is a distinctive feature of weak interactions .
However , it is very difficult to provide precise theoretical predictions , and thus they span a wide range , between 0.200 and 1.050 ps , depending on the phenomenological model that is used .
The value measured by LHCb is within this range , but close to the lower end .
Read more in the LHCb presentation , in the CERN update in English and French , in the LHCb paper , and also in the CERN Courier article .
The activities of the LHCb collaboration have expanded far beyond the original core aims .
The excellent performance of the detector has allowed the experiment to make important contributions to a wide range of research sectors becoming in this way a general purpose detector in the forward region .
The results presented this week at the Quark Matter 2018 conference in Venice , are a perfect example demonstrating such extended LHCb capabilities .
In addition to measurements in the “ standard ” lead - lead ion ( PbPb ) and proton - lead ion ( pPb ) LHC collision conditions , LHCb has been able to perform measurements with data taken in a unique configuration : a fixed - target operational mode .
In fact , the LHCb vertex locator ( VELO ) was built with the possibility of injecting gas at very - low pressure into the interaction region , allowing for recording collisions of the LHC circulating proton beams with target nuclei at rest .
This mode has been so far succesfully operated with He , Ne and Ar gases .
The LHCb collaboration presented a wide range of results on charm production in various types of collisions .
These include the production of the Λ c baryon in pPb collisions and of D0 and J/ψ mesons in the fixed - target collisions with He and Ar .
The production of heavy quarks in nucleus - nucleus interactions is well suited to the study of the transition between ordinary hadronic matter and the hot and dense Quark - Gluon Plasma ( QGP ) .
The production of J/ψ mesons in nucleus - nucleus interactions , its possible suppression in the quark - gluon medium and / or later charm - anti - charm quark recombination are all studied in order to shed light into the mechanisms governing such a phase transition .
The LHCb pPb and fixed - target results utilising proton interactions with different nuclei at different energies provide precious reference results in conditions in which the formation of the QGP is not expected .
The images above show a signal mass peak of Λ c baryons decaying into a proton , a K and a π ( above left ) as well as of D0 mesons decaying into a K and a π ( above right ) .
In ultra-relativistic heavy nuclei PbPb collisions , two - photon and photonuclear interactions are enhanced in ultra-peripheral collisions ( UPC ) .
The collisions are either coherent , where the photon couples coherently to all nucleons , or incoherent , where the photon couples to a single nucleon .
In the case of coherent J/ψ production in UPC , the photon - lead interaction can be modelled by the exchange of a colourless propagator , identified as a single object called a Pomeron , that interacts with the photon .
The LHCb collaboration reported at the conference the cross-section measurement of coherent J/ψ production in PbPb collisions at 5 TeV and compared this to predictions from different phenomenological models .
The image shows that the coherent J/ψ production ( blue line ) can be clearly separated from the other contributions in the natural logarithm of the J/ψ transverse momentum squared distribution .
Bound states of heavy quark and antiquark , such as the charmonium J/ψ and ψ ( 2S ) as well as the bottomonium Upsilon particles , are very important tools to study properties of the QGP .
It is expected that the experimentally observed rate of different bound states should be modified depending on the temperature of the QGP .
Therefore the measurement of charmonium and bottomonium suppression can be used as a kind of QGP thermometer .
The left image above shows different Upsilon states measured in pPb collisions at √s =8.16 TeV as a clear example that the LHCb detector is very well armed to study this interesting physics sector owing to its excellent particle identification and mass resolution .
High - energy collisions involving ions have the best chance to produce gluon condensates , where the gluon wave functions start to overlap producing a collective behaviour .
This condensate would be similar to the phenomenon predicted by Bose and Einstein 93 years ago and observed in other boson systems such as ultra -cold atoms .
Saturated gluons are expected to be observed only at small angles relative to the beam axes , where the number and the size of the gluons are the largest .
LHCb has the unique capability of measuring photons coming from these high density gluon regions .
The announcement of initial measurements of these photons caused a lot of excitement at the Quark Matter conference .
The image above ( right ) shows the angular distribution between isolated photons and other particles taken during the 2016 pPb run .
This sample is from a region where theorists expect that gluons are saturated .
The peak at the angle π indicates the presence of photons from gluons .
The blue band is the background from other processes .
This is the first indication that gluons can be probed in this region , never achieved by any experiment so far .
Members of the theory community expressed interest in studying the upcoming LHCb results and are discussing the mathematical tools that can confirm the discovery of this new form of matter .
Read more in the LHCb presentations [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] and [ 5 ] .
The LHCb papers and conference contributions will be available shortly .
The 2018 data taking period started officially today .
The last 2017 proton - proton collisions took place on 28 November and the LHC machine was shut down during the winter period to allow for planned technical interventions .
LHCb used this period to perform maintenance work on many sub-detectors .
The re-commissioning of the accelerator has proceeded very smoothly and first collisions arrived earlier than initially expected .
The LHCb detector and its data acquisition system are ready for the last year of Run 2 data taking that will allow the experiment to obtain even more precise and interesting physics results .
Follow LHCb data taking by watching live event display as well as live LHC and LHCb status pages .
The image displays a typical event recorded today .
The two - year Long Shutdown 2 will then start in December 2018 , and during this period the LHCb detector will face its first major upgrade , which will allow the experiment to take data at much higher rate .
Four months later proton beams passed again through the LHCb detector .
The nominal proton beam has size of a human hair and an energy equivalent to a very fast train .
The commissioning of LHC is therefore very complicated and takes about one month .
First collisions with very low intensity beams took place on 12 April and the LHC experts were able to declare “ Stable Beams ” condition on 17 April .
Once the “ Stable Beams ” condition is declared , the LHC operators keep the well focussed colliding beams on their stable orbits , which allows the experiments to switch on their sensitive detectors and start to safely record proton - proton collisions .
Each beam consists of packets of protons called bunches .
The number of proton bunches was progressively increased and will finally reach the maximum of 2556 bunches of which 2332 will collide inside the LHCb detector .
The low intensity collisions are used for detector commissioning and therefore it is not evident at which moment experiments can call the official “ start of data taking ” used for physics analysis .
The LHC operation team and LHC experiments agreed this year that this important milestone will be reached when 1200 proton bunches in each beam will collide .
This has happened today .
Today , at the Rencontres de Cuisine , the LHCb collaboration announced the observation of a new particle consistent with the properties of the long - hunted Eggs ball , η gg , the smallest lump of nuclear force , predicted more than 40 years ago by Peter Eggs .
Today is thus an eggstra special day in the history of particle physics .
The discovery was possible thanks to the excellent performance of the LHCb detector and the whole CERN accelerator system .
The LHCb collaboration produced the η gg by colliding high energy heavy ion beams : a small region of extremely hot nuclear matter was generated , which allowed the coagulation of the η gg .
The way to the grand unification between subatomic physics and molecular gastronomy is now therefore cracked wide open .
In 2012 Atlas and CMS discovered the Higgs boson giving mass to other fundamental particles .
Another important property of elementary particles is called flavour .
The Eggs particle is responsible for the generation of flavour a few minutes after the Big Bang .
Without the eggsistence of the Eggs particle all food would now taste the same .
By studying the production and the decay properties of this new particle , LHCb physicists confirmed that it is composed of two eggs , that carry the strong sticky force , and hence it is really an egg ball , or more technically an egg - prolate - spheroid .
The eggsistance of Eggs balls was predicted more that forty years ago , but it is only today that its reality is unambiguously confirmed eggsperimentally .
In this way , the astonishing prediction of Peter Eggs about the strong interaction origin of flavour is confirmed .
This idea is not implemented in the Standard Model of particle physics and therefore today ’s discovery represents an eggstraordinary manifestation of the eggsistance of New Physics .
Read more in the CERN Update in the English and the French .
The LHCb Collaboration presented new interesting results at the Rencontres de Moriond EW and at the Rencontres de Moriond QCD .
A few selected items are listed below .
(1) Search for a dimuon resonance in the Υ mass region .
The only known fundamental scalar particle is the Higgs boson with a mass of 125 GeV .
However , additional spin-0 particles , called Φ bosons , arise in many extensions of the Standard Model ( SM ) and are often predicted to be lighter than the Higgs boson .
The LHCb detector has good sensitivity to light spin-0 particles produced by gluon - gluon fusion and decaying to a pair of opposite - sign muons , due to its capability of triggering on objects with small transverse momentum and to its high - precision spectrometer .
The results of a search for these particles produced in proton - proton collisions at center - of - mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV were presented .
No evidence is found for a signal in the mass range 5.5 to 15 GeV and upper limits are placed on the product of the production cross-section and the branching fraction to pairs of muons .
The limits are competitive with the most stringent ones over most of the mass region considered , and are the first limits set near the Υ resonances .
The image shows the mass spectrum of the muon pair in the whole search region .
Mass peaks for five hypothetical Φ - boson mass hypotheses are displayed in green .
(2) First evidence for the decay B s 0 → K * 0 μ + μ - .
First evidence for the decay B s 0 → K * 0 μ + μ - with a significance of 3.4 standard deviations was presented .
The left image shows the invariant mass spectrum with the dominant peaking component of the decay B 0 → K * 0 μ + μ - , while the zoom at the right is shown to emphasise the B s 0 → K * 0 μ + μ - contribution .
This decay is predicted to be very rare within the SM , as it occurs only through suppressed loop diagrams .
New particles foreseen in extensions of the SM can significantly enhance ( or suppress ) the rate of this decay .
The result presented at the Rencontres de Moriond paves the way to search for new physics using this decay when a larger datasets will be collected by the upgraded LHCb detector during LHC Run - 3 .
Top pair production was measured at the proton - proton collision energy of 13 TeV , where the production cross-section in the acceptance of the LHCb detector is expected to be ten times larger than it was at the lower Run - 1 energies .
The higher cross-section allows LHCb physicists to select a high - purity sample , in which the dilepton ( μ and e ) channel is partially reconstructed by requiring that a muon ( μ ) , an electron ( e ) and a b - jet are present in the event .
The image compares the measured cross-sections within the LHCb acceptance with predictions of theoretical models .
Read more in CERN Courier article .
(3) Measurement of forward top pair production .
The production of top quarks at hadron colliders represents an important test of the SM .
The top quark is the heaviest known fundamental particle and its production and decay properties are sensitive to a number of parameters involved in physics models beyond the SM .
The unique forward acceptance of the LHCb detector allows a phase space inaccessible to general purpose detectors such as ATLAS and CMS to be probed .
Top -quark production in this region receives a higher contribution from quark - antiquark annihilation than in the central region .
In addition , it probes the the proton parton distribution functions ( PDF s ) at high values of the fraction of proton momentum carried by quarks or gluons , whose knowledge suffers from large uncertainties .
At present precise measurements of top quark production at LHCb can be used to reduce substantially the uncertainty on PDFs in this kinematic region .
The large contribution from quark - initiated production also results in a larger expected charge asymmetry in the forward region than in the central region probed by ATLAS and CMS .
(4) Measurement of CP violation in B 0 →D ∓ π ± decays .
Decay - time - dependent CP asymmetries in B 0 →D ∓ π ± decays have been measured for the first time at a hadron collider by analysing the decay rate as a function of the decay time of B 0 mesons .
The image shows an example of the measured asymmetry as a function of the decay time of the B 0 .
The parameters describing the difference in behaviour between matter and antimatter , known as CP violation , are constrained in the so called Cabibbo - Kobayashi - Maskawa matrix unitarity triangle .
The angles of this triangle are denoted α , β and γ , and among these , γ is the least precisely known , see introduction in the news of 5 October 2012 .
The measurement of the asymmetries presented for the first time constrain the angle γ to an interval that is consistent with the current world average .
The blue line in the image is the result of this analysis , while the red , dashed line shows the expectation in the absence of CP violation .
An interesting possibility is to measure precisely the angle γ in processes where new physics contributions are in principle possible and in processes where this is not allowed , looking for differences .
This result belongs to the class of measurements in which the contribution of new physics is not expected .
(5) Time - dependent and time - independent CP violation in B ( s ) 0 →hh .
The study of the CP violation in decays of B 0 and of B s 0 mesons into two charged particles ( h ) that do not contain charm quarks represents a powerful tool to test the CKM picture of the SM , and also to investigate the presence of physics beyond the SM .
The results of measurements of the time - dependent CP asymmetries in B 0 →π + π - and B s 0 →K + K - decays as well as of the time - integrated CP asymmetries in B 0 →K + π - and B s 0 →π + K - decays were presented .
The results are the most precise from a single experiment and constitute the strongest evidence for time - dependent CP violation in the B s 0 meson decays to date .
They also contribute to the determination of the CKM unitarity triangle .
The image shows the time - dependent asymmetries for the decays ( left ) B 0 →π + π - and ( right ) B s 0 →K + K - .
(6) Measurement of CP violation in the B s 0 →φφ decay .
The B s 0 decay into two φ mesons proceeds predominantly via a gluonic loop ( penguin ) diagram and , therefore , provides an excellent tool to search for new heavy particles which could appear within these loops , see the 14 June 2013 news for an introduction .
A measurement of the time dependent CP - violating asymmetry in the B s 0 →φφ decay was presented .
The results obtained are consistent with the hypothesis of CP conservation .
Each φ meson is observed through its decay into a K + K - meson pair .
Therefore , the B s 0 meson decay is visible in the invariant mass spectrum of four K mesons , see the red dashed line contribution in the image .
At lower mass values , the contribution of the B 0 →φφ decay ( green dotted line ) is not large enough to be clearly observed yet , and the most stringent limit on its branching fraction was also presented .
Read more details in the LHCb Moriond EW presentations [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 5 ] , in the Moriond QCD presentations [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] and [ 4,5,6 ] as well as in the LHCb papers and conference notes [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] .
The 2017 data taking period ended this Sunday .
Towards the end of the 2017 run at the centre - of - mass energy of 13 TeV , the LHC provided collisions at a reduced energy of 5 TeV to produce reference data for proton - lead and lead - lead collisions taken earlier in Run 2 .
Besides the scientific interest of proton - proton ( p - p ) physics at 5 TeV for the LHCb heavy - ion programme ( see [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] ) , the experiment has been taking at the same time a parallel stream of data from fixed - target collisions with another world first in high energy physics .
There have been typically 1836 bunches of protons circulating in each LHC ring , out of which 1094 collided inside the LHCb detector .
LHCb physicists decided to use additional non-colliding bunches to accumulate the largest sample of proton - neon data in a fixed - target configuration .
The LHCb experiment has the unique ability of injecting gas , neon in this case , into the interaction region and therefore study processes that would otherwise be inaccessible .
This gas - injection system was originally designed to help LHCb measure the brightness of the accelerator 's beams , but is now being used for dedicated physics measurements .
This kind of operation is called by physicists a “ fixed - target ” mode in contrast to the standard “ collider ” mode used at the LHC , as in this case the LHC protons are colliding with stationary neon nuclei .
It has been the first time ever that an experiment has collected data in the collider and fixed - target modes simultaneously .
LHCb physicists showed that it is possible to reconstruct both sets of data in parallel , align the detector elements and track particle trajectories correctly .
A real challenge has been to develop an online event selection ( trigger ) system handling efficiently both data taking conditions .
The live images ( left ) obtained by the data acquisition computer programs show reconstructed μ + μ - invariant mass spectra .
The J/ψ- meson peaks are clearly visible in the two different operational modes .
The two - dimensional plot shows the z coordinate ( along the proton beam direction ) of the origin of the μ + μ - pair .
A strong accumulation around z=0 indicates the p-p collision point .
The pink - dashed rectangle highlights the regions were p-p collision events were selected .
The two other ( red - dashed ) rectangles show the region where only p- Ne collisions take place .
LHCb continues to revolutionise data acquisition and analysis techniques .
Already two years ago the concepts of “ online ” and “ offline ” analysis were unified .
The calibration and alignment process takes place now automatically online and stored data are immediately available offline for physics analysis .
This time the collider and fixed - target modes of operation have been unified into the same data acquisition framework .
In particle physics , a grand - unified theory is one in which at very high energies the electromagnetic , weak and strong interactions unify as a single force .
Today LHCb physicists have succeeded to unify very different concepts of data taking and analysis .
A traditional end - of - year shutdown period , so - called Year End Technical Stop ( YETS ) , is starting now .
It will be used for maintenance and improvements to the LHC and its detectors .
LHCb plans to exploit this period to perform maintenance work on many sub-detectors .
It is planned that protons will start to circulate again in the LHC rings at the beginning of April 2018 and that the first p-p collisions for physics will take place in early May , marking the beginning of the last year of Run 2 .
The two - year Long Shutdown 2 will then start in December 2018 , and during this period the LHCb detector will face its first major upgrade , which will allow the experiment to take data at much higher rate .
The 2017 data taking period has been very successful , because of the excellent performances of both the LHC and the LHCb experiment itself .
The image shows the growth of integrated luminosity during different years of LHC operation .
The 2017 integrated luminosity is higher than that collected in 2016 .
The overall Run 2 luminosity ( 2015 - 2017 ) , 3.7 fb - 1 , is already higher than that recorded in Run 1 ( 3 fb - 1 , 2010 - 2012 ) .
The LHCb detector is used to perform precision measurement across a range of areas of particle physics , notably including searches for new physics manifestations in flavour , studies of heavy - flavour spectroscopy and production of gauge bosons , searches for new exotic particles , and unique measurements with heavy ion and fixed - target collisions in the forward region .
Precise calculations from theory are essential for the interpretation of LHCb results , as is evident from numerous news articles on this page .
The comparison of LHCb results with precise Standard Model predictions provided by the theory community is the key to looking for discrepancies that would indicate the existence , and the nature , of physics beyond our present knowledge .
This series of joint LHCb - theory workshops is aimed at facilitating informal discussions between LHCb experimentalists and theorists , leading to a mutual exchange of information that is valuable for achieving progress .
This week LHCb physicists met with the theory community in the 7 th yearly workshop “ Implications of LHCb measurements and future prospects ” .
The purpose of the meeting is to consider the latest results from LHCb , discuss possible interpretations and identify important channels and observables to test leading theoretical frameworks in the near and long - term future of the experiment .
More than 300 physicists crowded the Main Auditorium through three days featuring various dedicated sessions ( see the photo above ) .
The left image shows the steadily increasing number of participants as a function of time since the first workshop was held , clearly demonstrating that this series of workshops is more and more becoming a reference event for both the LHCb physicists and the theorists .
Furthermore , intriguing results published by LHCb in recent years have been triggering additional interest and discussions within the physics community .
Yesterday evening the first xenon - xenon ion collisions took place at LHC and the run lasted for seven hours .
The left image below shows the corresponding LHC control screen announcing the “ Stable Beam ” conditions for the data taking .
The right image shows a collision event recorded and analysed online by the LHCb data acquisition system .
The images below show the invariant mass distribution of J/ψ mesons decaying to two muons and that of charmed D0 mesons decaying to K and π mesons promptly reconstructed by the LHCb software trigger .
Heavy ion collisions are studied at LHCb in order to understand the behaviour of the so - called quark - gluon plasma , a state of matter in which quarks and gluons are moving as free particles , similarly to what happened in the first instants of time after the Big Bang .
At the LHC , the properties of the quark - gluon plasma are usually studied in collisions of lead nuclei .
Although there are no plans to use xenon - xenon collision for this purpose in the near future , one day of the LHC time was devoted to these collisions in order to study the properties of nuclear matter at high - energy density and high temperature .
The comparison of experimental measurements in lead - lead and in xenon - xenon collisions will bring new insights into the properties of the quark - gluon plasma .
Read more about the LHCb ’s heavy ion collision studies in this page [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , as well as in the CERN update on the xenon - xenon run in English and French .
This result must be interpreted in the global picture of extensive tests of so - called “ lepton universality ” .
This nomenclature comes from the fact that in the SM all charged leptons , such as taus ( τ ) or muons ( μ ) , interact with identical strength ( or , in physicists ’ language , have the same " couplings " ) .
However , mass differences between various leptons play a role which must be accounted for when performing calculations of interaction rates .
In particular , the τ is much heavier than the μ lepton , and this leads to a SM prediction for the ratio R ( J /ψ ) substantially smaller than unity , between 0.25 and 0.28 .
Today , at the open session of the Large Hadron Collider Committee , LHCC , the LHCb collaboration presented the result of a new measurement of the ratio of branching fractions , R ( J /ψ ) , between B c + → J /ψτ + ν τ and B c + → J /ψμ + ν μ using τ + → μ + ν μ ν τ decays .
The result that was reported is approximately 2 standard deviations from the Standard Model ( SM ) expectation .
Furthermore , an evidence of about 3 standard deviations for the semileptonic decay of charmed - beauty mesons including τ leptons was announced for the first time .
LHCb has also found other intriguing anomalies when performing tests of lepton universality .
The theoretically very clean ratios R ( K ) and R ( K * ) both show deviations from the SM prediction at the level of about 2.5 standard deviations .
All these measurements were performed at LHCb using the entire Run 1 data sample , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3 fb - 1 at centre - of - mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV .
Data collected in Run 2 already provide a sample of B - meson decays more than twice as large , and it will be of great importance to see whether future updates of these analyses with increased statistics will confirm the hints of discrepancies .
The ability of LHCb to perform measurements using different b- hadron species , notably including the B c meson in this case , but also the B s meson and the Λ b baryon in the forthcoming future , will play a crucial role in order to clarify the global picture of deviations from lepton flavour universality that is emerging .
The left hand side image shows the summary of R ( D* ) measurements as presented in the 6 June 2017 news .
It is interesting to notice that different experiments operating either at pp ( LHCb ) or e + e - ( BaBar , Belle ) colliders , using very different experimental techniques , measure values systematically above the SM prediction .
The value of R ( J/ψ ) , 0.71±0.17±0.18 , reported today and presented in the lower part of the image , is also lying above the SM prediction .
( Note the different horizontal scale . )
The R ( J /ψ ) measurement is very challenging .
Due to presence of ν leptons invisible in the detector , both decays , involving either τ or μ leptons , are observed only through the three muons .
Two of them are perfectly identified as arising from the decay of a J/ψ meson .
The third μ is the key addition to enable semileptonic B c + decays involving τ or μ leptons to be distinguished from the background .
A programme of measurements of lepton flavour universality with τ leptons in the final state is being performed by the LHCb , BaBar and Belle collaborations .
The most recent results were reported by LHCb for R( D* ) , the ratio of branching fractions between B 0 →D *- τ + ν τ and B 0 →D *- μ + ν μ , see the 6 June 2017 news .
B 0 and B c + mesons differ only by a quark accompanying the b quark inside a B 0 or B c + meson , as visible in the image above .
Any new physics contribution to the decay diagram as for example those sketched in the image would affect both R( D * ) and R ( J /ψ ) ratios in a similar way .
Today , at the open session of the Large Hadron Collider Committee , LHCC , the LHCb collaboration presented the result of a precise mass measurements of χ c1 and χ c2 mesons , performed for the first time by utilising the newly discovered decay χ c1,2 → μ+μ -J/ψ.
χ c1 , χ c2 and J/ψ mesons belong to a family of particles that are commonly referred to as charmonium states .
They are bound systems of a charm quark , c , and an anti-charm quark , c , held together by the strong nuclear force .
Just like ordinary atoms , e.g. hydrogen , c and c quarks can be arranged in various quantum states with different angular momenta and spin configurations , giving rise to a spectrum of particles with different masses , all composed of the same fundamental quarks .
The image on the left represents the complexity of this spectrum along with some of the allowed decay transitions as a function of mass ( in the vertical axis ) versus spin and other quantum numbers ( in the horizontal axis ) .
The decay paths corresponding to the decays under study are highlighted in red .
The first charmonium particle , the J/ψ meson , was discovered on the 11th of November 1974 .
This discovery triggered rapid changes in high - energy physics at the time and these are commonly referred to as the " November Revolution " .
The charmonium family was then intensively studied by a large number of experiments at different facilities .
In particular , the masses of χ c states were measured by studying radiative decays into J/ψ mesons , i.e. χ c1,2 → γJ/ψ , and later by using dedicated experiments employing collisions of protons and antiprotons for their production .
As it is experimentally very challenging to measure the energy of a photon precisely in the harsh environment of a hadron collider , high - precision measurements have not previously been made at a collider like the LHC .
The new analysis from LHCb applies an old " trick " in a new situation .
This technique was first proposed in 1951 by R.H. Dalitz to study the decay of the π0 meson , which had been discovered one year earlier .
Decays of π0 mesons into two real photons were
This forum contains some of our favorite threads like " Post your picture here " as well as some of our more memorable threads we wish to preserve for posterity .
Startling and moving .
I have to give the dad props for posting this to YouTube , given how things roll .
– Ann Bartow
ETA : Video has been made “ private . ”
What it showed was three children , two girls and a boy , in the back seat of a car dancing joyfully to “ All the Single Ladies ” when the dad tells the boy he is n’t a “ single lady . ”
The boy bursts into tears and is not mollified when his sisters tell him he can be a single lady if he wants to .
The dad is confused but contrite and apologetic .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama is " very concerned " about Greece 's economic crisis , sees mounting threats against the United States from non-state actors and wants to resolve the dispute with Russia over adoptions , he said in an interview released Saturday by the White House .
" I am very concerned about what 's happening in Europe , " Obama told the Russian television station Channel Rossiya in the wide - ranging interview , responding to a question about the Greek economic crisis .
" But I think it is an issue that the Europeans recognize is very serious , " he said .
" Greece is taking some very difficult measures -- at least they 've put forward a plan that calls for difficult measures . "
This week , Greek lawmakers approved a package of budget - cutting measures to help the country 's battered economy -- measures that were required to meet the terms of a 110 billion euro ( $ 140 billion ) bailout .
European Union leaders called for a " stabilization mechanism " on Saturday in hopes of easing markets shaken by Greece 's economic crisis before they re-open Monday .
Obama said the Greek crisis and the resulting global economic fallout point to a new breed of non-state - based threats facing the United States and other powerful nations .
" The real threats against Russian well - being or U.S. well - being to a large degree are at this point much more aligned than they 've ever been , " Obama said in the interview , which was taped Thursday at the White House .
" It has to do with non -state actors .
" It has to do with the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
It has to do with environmental catastrophes .
It has to do with an integrated economy in which if you see a crisis in Greece taking place , that can affect world markets . "
Obama invoked terrorism as another of those threats .
" We just recently had an attempted terrorist act in New York , " he said , referring to the failed car bombing of Times Square last Saturday , " and it 's a signal I think that whether these activities are happening in Moscow or they 're happening in New York , that countries have to work together to make sure that these terrorists are apprehended , that their networks are destroyed , that their sources of financing dry up . "
Speaking about U.S. - Russia relations , Obama said he wants the U.S. Senate to ratify a major nuclear arms treaty between the United States and Russia before November 's midterm elections .
President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty -- known as START -- in April .
The agreement reduces the number of nuclear weapons held by the United States and Russia by about one - third , among other provisions .
" Our hope , " Obama said in the interview , is that the Senate " will be able to review it quickly . "
Speaking further about international nuclear arms reduction , Obama called North Korea and Iran " two outliers " but said he 's " very heartened " by other nations ' receptivity to his call for new sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program .
Obama also said that U.S. and Russian officials are working toward an agreement regarding American adoptions of Russian children after an uproar last month over a Tennessee woman sending a 7 - year - old Russian boy she adopted back to his home country .
Russia said it was freezing American adoptions of Russian children after the incident , but a senior State Department official said this week that Russian authorities continue to approve U.S. adoptions .
" What happened with the small number of children who have been adversely affected is terrible , " Obama said .
" And we can't minimize what 's happened . "
But Obama said that " there have been tens of thousands of Russian children adopted by U.S. families .
The overwhelming majority are leading happy , healthy lives . "
" We want to make sure that we preserve the best of the system while eliminating these abuses , " he said .
Obama spoke in personal terms about his relationship with Medvedev , the Russian president .
" I 've been very impressed with him , " Obama said .
" I think he is a strong leader , a good man , very thoughtful . "
" I find it very easy to do business with him , and I think we 've established a relationship , a real trust that can be hopefully bearing fruit in the negotiations and conversations that we have in years to come . "
Obama said that he had invited Medvedev to visit the United States in June and that he hoped the trip would showcase steps the United States and Russia are taking to strengthen economic ties between the two nations .
" It 's important to recognize that the whole concept of reset between U.S. and Russian relations is not just on issues of security , " Obama said .
" One of the things that President Medvedev and I have discussed is how can we really ramp up our commercial , our trade , our economic ties . "
The baby was on the beach on one of the hottest days of the year A five - month - old boy was taken to hospital with potentially life - threatening injuries after spending a day in the sun on Brighton beach .
The child was with his 29 - year - old mother who was visiting the south coast from London on Sunday , one of the hottest days of the year .
Police community support officers intervened after they saw the baby suffering from sunburn .
The Royal Sussex Hospital said 40 % of his body surface area was burnt .
The child was taken by ambulance to the Royal Sussex County Hospital as temperatures in the sun reached 25C ( 77 F ) .
Sussex Police said no arrests had been made , while Metropolitan Police officers said they were not aware of the case .
' Risk of sunstroke ' A burns specialist from The Queen Victoria Hospital ( QVH ) in East Grinstead , West Sussex - who is consulting with the Royal Sussex - said the boy was in a stable condition on Tuesday , but his injuries could have been potentially life - threatening .
Baljit Dheansa , a consultant burns and plastics surgeon at the QVH 's specialist burns unit , was called by the Royal Sussex for specialist advice on Sunday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said the baby 's skin had already started to show signs of blistering .
Mr Dheansa explained that the danger of blistering was that it could lead to the loss of body fluids .
In a five - month - old baby , this could ultimately lead to risks of dehydration , low blood pressure and kidney failure .
The baby boy remained in hospital on Tuesday .
NHS Brighton and Hove health promotion specialist Carolyn Syverson said : " Babies and young children are particularly at risk of sunburn and heatstroke .
" Very young children should be kept in the shade ; older children , when out in the sun , should wear protective clothing including a hat , have high factor sun cream regularly applied and drink lots of fluids to stay safe and well . "
She added : " People in this country tend to think of sunburn as something that happens on holiday , but most cases of sunburn happen in the UK rather than abroad . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mayor Daley loves to bag on the local media , and given my recent line of inquiry into his politics and policies , I ’ve never expected to be greeted with a fruit basket at City Hall .
But even I was a bit taken aback this morning when the mayor grabbed a rifle and threatened to shoot me .
The mayor was holding a press conference to discuss what the city was doing to prepare for the Supreme Court ’s expected decision to overturn the city ’s gun ban .
The short answer : all sorts of things , but we ’ll just have to wait until the court weighs in next month to find out the details .
“ We ’re hoping for the best , ” Daley said .
Guns are one of the mayor ’s favorite soapbox topics — he regularly goes out of his way to point out that he despises gun manufacturers and “ extremists ” like the NRA .
“ It ’s really amazing how powerful they are , ” he said today , standing next to a table covered with handguns , rifles , and even a machine gun that police had seized .
“ They ’re bigger than the oil industry , bigger than the gas industry , bigger than Google , bigger than President Obama and the rest of them . "
Daley also likes to highlight what he considers to be flagrant hypocrisy on the part of the defenders of gun rights .
“ Now you ca n’t walk into the Supreme Court — you have to walk in the side way .
They ’re going to barricade the doors or something now .
I mean , they ’re barricading the doors but they ’re saying everyone else should have guns .
That ’s the thing that bothers me in Washington .
As you know in Washington all things are being barricaded , all federal buildings .
But they ’re saying everybody else should be able to carry guns . ”
But even supporters of tough gun regulations — myself included — have to admit that it 's not clear how much they reduce violence .
Despite having some of the most restrictive laws in the country , Chicago is a national leader in shootings and murders , and the mayor himself noted that “ we ’ve seen far too many instances in the last few weeks ” of firearm violence , including the shooting that left a cop dead last night .
So I asked : since guns are readily available in Chicago even with a ban in place , do you really think it ’s been effective ?
I ’m hardly the only guy who asks the mayor things he does n’t want to answer , and I ’ve been responsible for at least one of his huffing , puffing , ranting tangents , which generally get the press corps laughing , thus enabling him to move on to the next question without giving a real answer to the one at hand .
But even by those standards , this was a masterful and surreal performance .
“ Oh ! ” Daley said .
“ It ’s been very effective ! ”
He grabbed a rifle , held it up , and looked right at me .
He was chuckling but there was no smile .
“ If I put this up your — ha ! — your butt — ha ha ! — you ’ll find out how effective this is ! ”
For a moment the room was very , very quiet .
I took a good look at the weapon .
It had a long bayonet .
( Was it seized during the Civil War ? )
“ If I put a round up your — ha ha ! ”
The photographers snapped away .
Suddenly everybody started cracking up .
Daley went on .
“ This gun saved many lives — it could save your life , ” he said — meaning , I think , that getting that gun off the street might have saved many lives , including mine .
And he went on some more .
“ We save all these guns that the police department seizes , you know how many lives we ’ve saved ?
You do n’t realize it .
First of all , they ’re taking these guns out of someone ’s hands .
They save their own life and they save someone else ’s .
You can not count how many times this gun can be used .
Thirty , forty times in shooting people and discharging a weapon .
I think it ’s very important .
“ Next will be hand grenades , right ?
We ’ll say that hand grenades are OK .
I mean , how far can you go in regards to mass weapons ?
To me , any gun taken off saves thousands of lives in America .
I really believe that , I do n’t care what people tell me .
You have to thank the police officers for seizing all these weapons .
We lead the country in seizing weapons .
This is unbelievable . ”
I had to agree .
During U.S. Senate testimony ( 2005 ) , evidence was presented that revealed multiple studies supporting a consensus that the Medieval Period experienced extreme warming that matches or exceeds any modern , post - 1970 's warming .
The multi -graph below represents the research from major climate researchers that was presented at the Senate testimony .
It 's of interest to note that none of these scientists are considered global warming " skeptics . "
( Source of multi - graph from 2005 testimony . )
Besides these studies , hundreds of scientists have conducted research that more often than not , confirm that Medieval Warming was unprecedented .
For a quick review of historical climate charts that show this , go here .
In addition , C3 has compiled a page that includes climate - history postings , with and without charts .
( click on image to enlarge )
Additional information .
" According to the six scientists , we understand , for the most part , the shape of long - term climate fluctuations better than their amplitudes .
For instance , nearly all 1000 - year temperature reconstructions capture the major climatic episodes of the Medieval Warm Period , Little Ice Age and Current Warm Period ; but for various reasons they exhibit differences in the degree of climatic warming or cooling experienced in the transitions between them , which for decadal means may amount to as much as 0.4 to 1.0 °C ... knowledge of the correct amplitude of the major climatic episodes of the past millennium is " critical for predicting future trends . "
Why ?
Because if it can be shown that the amplitudes of the major historical climate episodes were as large as , or even greater than , that of 20th - century global warming , there would be a " redistribution of weight towards the role of natural factors in forcing temperature changes , thereby relatively devaluing the impact of anthropogenic emissions and affecting future predicted scenarios . " "
Daniel Koller asked on Twitter an interesting question :
… are linksets today evaluated in an automated way ?
or does it depend on a person to interpret it ?
Trying to answer this question here , but let ’s step a bit : back in 2008 , when I started to dive into ‘ LOD metadata ’ one of my main use cases was indeed how to automate the handling of LOD datasets .
I wanted to have a formal description of a dataset ’s characteristics in order to write a sort of middle ware ( there it is again , this bad word ) that could use the dataset metadata and take the burden away from a human to sift through the ‘ natural language ’ descriptions found in the Wiki pages , such as the Dataset page .
Where are we today ?
Looking at the deployment of voiD , I guess we can say that there is a certain uptake ; several publisher and systems support voiD and there are dedicated voiD stores available out there , such as the Talis voiD store and the RKB voiD store .
In our LDOW2009 paper Describing Linked Datasets we outlined a couple of potential use cases for voiD and gave some examples of actual usage already .
Most notably , Linksets are used for ranking of datasets ( see the DING ! paper ) and distributed query processing .
However , to date I ’m not aware of any implementation of my above outlined idea of a middle ware that exploit Linksets .
So , I guess one answer to Daniel ’s question is : at the moment , mainly humans look at it and use it .
What can be done ?
The key to voiD really is its abstraction level .
We describe entire Datasets and their characteristics , not single resources such as a certain place , a book or a gene .
Understanding that the links are the essence in a truly global - distributed information space , one can see that the Linksets are the key to automatically process the LOD datasets , as they bear the high - level metadata about the interlinking .
When you write an application today that consumes data from the LOD cloud , you need to manually code which datasets you are going to use .
Now , imagine a piece of software that really operates on Linksets : suddenly , it would be possible to specify certain requirements and capabilities ( such as : ‘ needs to be linked with some geo data and with statistical data ’ ) and dynamically plug - in matching dataset .
Of course , towards realising this vision , there are other problems to overcome ( for example concerning the supported vocabularies vs. SPARQL queries used in the application ) , however , at least to me , this is a very appealing area , worth investing more resources .
I hope this answers your question , Daniel , and I ’m happy to keep you posted concerning the progress in this area .
Space shuttle Atlantis nears touchdown on Runway 33 at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
Landing was at 8:48 a.m. EDT , completing the 12 - day STS - 132 mission to the International Space Station .
It was the 32nd and final planned flight of Atlantis .
After 25 years and 120 million miles of spaceflight , NASA 's space shuttle Atlantis has flown its final planned mission with life as a museum exhibit ahead in its future .
But the space plane is leaving an impressive legacy in its wake .
Atlantis returned to Earth Wednesday with a smooth landing at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida that capped a 12 - day trek to the International Space Station .
NASA is retiring the space shuttles this year , with just two more flights remaining after this one .
" We 're going to call it a mission .
It was a lot of fun , " Atlantis commander Kenneth Ham told Mission Control after landing .
Just hours before landing , the lifetime odometer on Atlantis passed the 120 million - mile ( 194 million - km ) mark after 32 missions ?
a milestone that awed the shuttle 's six - man crew .
Ham said that it was " pretty darn awesome . "
Atlantis delivered a new Russian room along with some vital new batteries and spare parts to the International Space Station .
It marked NASA 's 132nd shuttle flight since 1981 .
" The legacy of Atlantis , now in the history books , " Mission Control said .
Here 's a look at the numbers , according to NASA , that are driving Atlantis ' 25 - year space legacy :
Miles traveled in space
When Atlantis launched into space on May 14 , it had already flown about 115.7 million miles ( 186 million km ) during its 31 previous space missions .
This mission , STS - 132 , is the shuttle 's 32nd spaceflight and tacked on another 4.8 million miles ( 7.7 million km ) to Atlantis ' odometer .
The total miles in space : 120,650,907 miles ( 194,168,813 km ) .
During its trips to space , Atlantis has visited two space stations ( the International Space Station and Russia 's Mir space station ) as well as the Hubble Space Telescope .
Atlantis ' landing in Florida marked the 75th shuttle landing in Florida and the 58th mission to land at the spaceport during daylight .
Trips around the planet
As of this morning , Atlantis has orbited the Earth at least 186 times on this current mission .
That seems like a lot , but in the shuttle 's 31 earlier missions , it racked up 4,462 laps around its home planet .
So with Atlantis ' Wednesday landing , it has circled the planet 4,648 times .
Atlantis zoomed through space at about 17,500 mph ( 28,163 kph ) and completed a single orbit once every 90 minutes white it was in orbit .
[ Photos : Last Launch of Atlantis . ]
When visiting the space station , the shuttle flies 220 miles ( 354 km ) above Earth .
Time in space
Atlantis flew a 12 - day mission to the International Space Station , where its astronaut crew delivered a new Russian research module Rassvet , which means " Dawn " in Russian .
They also performed three spacewalks to install a spare antenna and six fresh batteries for the station 's solar arrays .
Those 12 days add to the 282 days in space the shuttle spent during its first 31 missions , boosting the total to 294 days in space .
That 's more than 9 months in space over the last 25 years and 32 missions .
Number of astronauts flown
According to NASA , Atlantis has flown more than 190 crewmembers into space during its 32 missions .
However , some astronauts like mission specialists Michael Good and Piers Sellers on Atlantis ' current flight , made several trips on the shuttle .
NASA astronaut Jerry Ross , a veteran of seven spaceflights , flew on Atlantis five separate times , including his first and last missions .
" Obviously , it is my favorite space shuttle , " Ross said .
One last hurrah ?
Maybe ?
While Atlantis ' STS - 132 mission is expected to be the shuttle 's final mission , NASA still has some plans for the storied space plane .
Atlantis will be prepared to serve as a rescue ship for NASA 's final shuttle mission on Endeavour , which is currently scheduled for late November .
If the rescue mission is not necessary , Atlantis would then head to a museum like its sister ships .
NASA and some members of Congress and the Senate have been lobbying to turn that rescue mission into one extra shuttle flight , since the space agency has all the fuel tank and solid rocket boosters required for that potential mission .
However , NASA would have to get approval from the White House ?
which it has not yet received ? to add the extra mission for Atlantis .
Shuttle program managers hope to get final word on the issue in the next month or so .
If approved , Atlantis ' extra flight could likely launch in June 2011 with a skeleton crew of four astronauts , shuttle officials have said .
It would deliver hefty spare parts and supplies to the International Space Station , they added .
" It is possible that we 'll fly another flight on Atlantis , " explained shuttle flight director Mike Sarafin earlier this week .
" We 'll just have to see how the budget and schedule plays out , given the direction that the agency has . "
As the cabinet appointments are finalised , it is confirmed that just four women have made it to the top table , only two of them in senior roles .
Frequently blamed for this lack of women in the top command is the dearth of female MPs with enough experience to merit a seat in cabinet .
This is true -- it would be ridiculous , not to mention divisive and ineffective , to parachute in women who lack the necessary expertise .
But , by the same token , we must stop and ask why -- 13 years after the number of female MPs broke through the 100 mark in 1997 -- women in parliament are not progressing at the same rate as men .
Margaret Beckett , speaking to the Evening Standard , says :
[ It 's ] a consequence of the lack of encouragement and the lack of bringing people forward in the past .
In the Liberal party , for example , they talked for years and years and years about bringing more women in , but it simply has n't happened .
I am inclined to agree .
All - women shortlists are controversial , and indeed , there are compelling arguments against them .
But the fact remains that they have been effective .
In 1997 , after Tony Blair enthusiastically embraced the policy , 120 female MPs were elected , 101 of whom were Labour ( 13 were Conservatives and just 3 were Lib Dems ) .
David Cameron also introduced them -- not without controversy -- as part of his attempt to detoxify the Tory brand , more than doubling the number of female Tory MPs from 19 to 48 .
The Liberal Democrats , meanwhile , have consistently opposed the policy on the grounds that it is illiberal .
Their number of female MPs has remained low , going down from eight in 2005 to seven in last week 's election .
The party 's argument that it is better to increase the number of female MPs by encouraging them to stand , rather than enforcing their selection , is a good one in theory , but there have been no concerted efforts to make it work .
The pitfall is assuming that we have come far enough in the battle for equal representation for women , and that such measures give them an unfair advantage , rather than simply levelling the playing field .
This is simply not true , the evidence being that the number of female MPs has increased only incrementally since 1997 .
There were 120 then , and there are 142 now .
In percentage terms , both figures equal roughly a fifth .
Increasing the number of female MPs now is a vital first step in making sure that the next generation does not have to use all - women shortlists .
Beyond selection , more must be done at every stage to allow female MPs to progress .
This is not about special treatment , but about being taken seriously .
The " Blair 's Babes " epithet instantly given to the 101 female Labour MPs is sadly indicative of the trivialising attitude to women that prevails .
There were echoes of this in Thursday 's election , with the Mail on Sunday quick to pin the flag of " Cameron 's Cuties " on the new female Tory MPs .
Many right - wing critics cite the failure of " Blair 's Babes " to make any remarkable breakthroughs , or the personal failings of individuals , to argue against the need to bring more women into parliament .
However , it can not be denied that such issues as equal pay , domestic violence and maternity leave have been on the agenda in a way that they were not before .
It is certainly down to the individual female MP to excel , and to be worthy of her elected position .
But it is also the responsibility of those around her to take her seriously .
Let 's hope that the next cabinet has somewhat more equal representation .
Special offer : get 12 issues of the New Statesman for just £ 5.99 plus a free copy of " Liberty in the Age of Terror " by A C Grayling .
Graphs and Graph Algorithms in T - SQL
By Hans Olav Norheim , hansolav * at * hansolav.net , http://hansolav.net, Last updated 2010 - 05 - 22 .
Graph algorithms are part of most introductory classes to algorithms , but I have not seen many implementations in SQL or T - SQL .
I found it to be an interesting exercise and post the results here for everybody to use .
To test the implementations , you can just copy - paste the code from the web site or you can run graphs_schema.sql to set up the schema in a new database .
You can use graphs_test.sql to test the algorithms .
You 'll need SQL Server 2005 or later for all the code to work .
If you have any problems or comments or think I should add another algorithm , feel free to drop me an email .
Contents :
Graphs
Traversal and Search
Breadth - First
Shortest Path
Dijkstra's Algorithm
Topological Sorting
Minimum Spanning Trees
Prim's Algorithm
Kruskal 's Algorithm
I plan to add depth first search , maximum flow and more shortest path algorithms later .
A graph is a set of objects , called nodes or vertices , where some pairs of the nodes are connected by links , called edges .
Each node can have a name , for instance a city name if the nodes represent cities .
Each edge goes from a node to another node , and can have an edge weight if applicable to what the graph is representing .
In the city example , the edges could be roads between the cities and the edge weight the length of the road .
The figure below shows an example for major US cities , with an approximate driving distance between them .
For this example , we pretend that the lines are the only roads that exist .
Example graph and how it looks in our data model .
Note : I have only included one - way edges for brevity .
The way we usually represent graphs in relational databases is shown on the figure below .
We have a Node table which contains the nodes with Id and Name and an Edge table which lists the connections , the edges , between the nodes .
It references the node table twice for each row - FromNode and ToNode .
In general , an edge from node a to node b does not imply an edge from b to a ( it could be a one - way road , for example ) .
A two - way edge is therefore modelled as two one - way edges in opposite directions .
Although , if your particular application will always have two - way edges , you can have a to b imply b to a and use only one row to describe both directions of the edge to save space .
However , the algorithms given below would have to be slightly modified to handle this .
The node
Id is the primary key of the node table and the clustered index of this table .
FromNode , ToNode is the primary key of the Edge table as we assume we can only have one edge going in the same direction between two nodes , and it is also the clustered index of this table .
Weight can be null , as the graph could not be a weighted graph ( ie. the edges just represents connections without length , weight or anything ) .
Now , after understanding the model , go back and compare the map to the table contents above .
Database schema for storing graphs ..
CREATE TABLE dbo .
Node ( Id int NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , Name varchar ( 50 ) NULL ) CREATE TABLE dbo .
Edge ( FromNode int NOT NULL REFERENCES dbo .
Node ( Id ) , ToNode int NOT NULL REFERENCES dbo .
Node ( Id ) , [ Weight ] decimal ( 10 , 3 ) NULL , PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ( FromNode ASC , ToNode ASC ) )
Before we continue on to the algorithms , we need to get some terms straight :
Undirected graph :
A regular graph where the edges have no specific direction .
The graph for the major US cities above is undirected .
A regular graph where the edges have no specific direction .
The graph for the major US cities above is undirected .
Directedt graph ( digraph ) : A graph where the edges have direction ( drawn as arrows ) .
An undirected graph can be modelled as a directed graph by always having edges in two directions between nodes .
A graph where the edges have direction ( drawn as arrows ) .
An undirected graph can be modelled as a directed graph by always having edges in two directions between nodes .
Directed acyclic graph ( DAG ) : A directed graph that has no cycles ( ie. it is not possible to go in a loop by following the edges ) .
See the topological sorting section for an example .
A directed graph that has no cycles ( ie. it is not possible to go in a loop by following the edges ) .
See the topological sorting section for an example .
Tree :
An undirected graph that is connected ( no all nodes are connected together ) and that has no cycles .
We now continue on to various algorithms we can run on a graph structure like this , and start out with basic search and traversal algorithms .
One of the basic operations that can be done on a graph is to traverse it , and possibly in the process search for a specific node .
We can use this to start the search in a specific node a and determine if a different node b is reachable from a and how many hops there are between them .
There are mostly two ways of traversing a graph - depth - first were we explore as far as we get in one direction before we look to other neighboring nodes , or breadth - first where we explore all near nodes before we look further away .
We will look at breadth - first .
Breadth - first search ( BFS ) is a graph search algorithm that begins in s specified node and explores the neighboring nodes .
Then for each of thos nearest nodes , it explorer their unexplored neighbors , continuing in this fassion until the whole graph has been traversed or until the node sought after is found .
Implementations of BFS in procedural code usually uses a queue to keep track of which nodes to visit next .
Since SQL is a set - based language , we instead use a table of discovered nodes and successively joins this table to the node table to discover more nodes .
We stop when there are no more nodes to discover or we found the node we sought .
The following is an implementation of breadth - first search in T - SQL , taking which node to start in as the first parameter .
The second parameter is which node to search for , and is optional .
The search will stop when it is found .
If NULL is specified , it will traverse the whole graph .
Look below the code for a sample run on the US cities example .
-- Runs breadth - first search from a specific node .
-- @ StartNode :
If of node to start the search at .
-- @ EndNode :
Stop the search when node with this id is found .
Specify NULL -- to traverse the whole graph .
CREATE PROCEDURE dbo.usp_Breadth_First ( @StartNode int , @ EndNode int = NULL ) AS BEGIN -- Automatically rollback the transaction if something goes wrong .
SET XACT_ABORT ON BEGIN TRAN -- Increase performance and do not intefere with the results .
SET NOCOUNT ON ; -- Create a temporary table for storing the discovered nodes as the algorithm runs CREATE TABLE # Discovered ( Id int NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , -- The Node Id Predecessor int NULL , --
The node we came from to get to this node .
OrderDiscovered int --
The order in which the nodes were discovered . ) --
Initially , only the start node is discovered .
INSERT INTO # Discovered ( Id , Predecessor , OrderDiscovered ) VALUES ( @StartNode , NULL , 0 ) --
Add all nodes that we can get to from the current set of nodes , -- that are not already discovered .
Run until no more nodes are discovered .
WHILE @@ROWCOUNT > 0 BEGIN --
If we have found the node we were looking for , abort now .
IF @EndNode IS NOT NULL IF EXISTS ( SELECT TOP 1 1 FROM # Discovered WHERE Id = @ EndNode ) BREAK --
We need to group by ToNode and select one FromNode since multiple -- edges could lead us to new same node , and we only want to insert it once .
INSERT INTO # Discovered ( Id , Predecessor , OrderDiscovered ) SELECT e.ToNode , MIN( e. FromNode ) , MIN ( d. OrderDiscovered ) + 1 FROM # Discovered d JOIN dbo .
Edge e ON d.
Id = e.FromNode WHERE e.ToNode NOT IN ( SELECT Id From # Discovered ) GROUP BY e.ToNode END ; --
Select the results .
We use a recursive common table expression to -- get the full path from the start node to the current node .
WITH BacktraceCTE ( Id , Name , OrderDiscovered , Path , NamePath ) AS ( -- Anchor / base member of the recursion , this selects the start node .
SELECT n. Id , n.
Name , d. OrderDiscovered , CAST ( n. Id AS varchar ( MAX ) ) , CAST ( n. Name AS varchar ( MAX ) ) FROM # Discovered d JOIN dbo .
Node n ON d. Id = n.
Id WHERE d. Id = @ StartNode UNION ALL -- Recursive member , select all the nodes which have the previous -- one as their predecessor .
Concat the paths together .
SELECT n. Id , n.
Name , d. OrderDiscovered , CAST ( cte.
Path + ' , ' + CAST ( n. Id as varchar ( 10 ) ) as varchar ( MAX ) ) , cte.NamePath + ' , ' + n.
Name FROM # Discovered d JOIN BacktraceCTE cte ON d. Predecessor = cte .
Id JOIN dbo .
Node n ON d. Id = n.
Id ) SELECT Id , Name , OrderDiscovered , Path , NamePath FROM BacktraceCTE WHERE Id = @ EndNode OR @EndNode IS NULL --
This kind of where clause can potentially produce ORDER BY OrderDiscovered -- a bad execution plan , but I use it for simplicity here .
DROP TABLE # Discovered COMMIT TRAN RETURN 0 END
Now , let 's use the algorithm on the sample data of US cities .
Say that we currently are in Seattle , so we want to figure out which cities are reachable from Seattle ( in this case all are ) and how many " hops " away they are ( not how far away , that 's the next algorithm ) .
We call usp_Breadth_First with @ StartNode = 1 for Seattle , and get the result set seen below .
OrderDiscovered corresponds to the order of discovery of the nodes , which is the same as the number of hops away .
We can see that there are 0 hops to Seattle ( we are already there ) .
If we want to go to Dallas , we should go via Denver , with 2 hops .
Note that breadth - first does not care about distance , so the route from Seattle to New York is not the optimal one in terms of distance .
The figure on the left shows the paths to the various cities in red .
Results from running breadth - first traversal on our example data with Seattle as start node .
The shortest path problem consists of finding the shortest path or paths in a weighted graph ( the edges have weights , lengths , costs , whatever you want to call it ) .
The shortest path from one node to another is the path where the sum of the egde weights is the smallest possible .
An instance of this problem could be to find the shortest path from one city to another if the nodes were to represent cities and the edges roads .
There are many known algoritms for solving the shortest path problem .
Some of them solves the shortest paths between all pairs , while others solves the shortest paths from one node to all the others .
One such algorithm is the well - known Dijkstra 's algorithm .
In SQL Server , it can also be solved using recursive common table expressions , but I found the implementation below to perform significantly better in complex and dense ( significantly more edges than nodes ) graphs .
Dijkstra 's algorithm ( not Djikstra 's ) solves the shortest path from one node to all the other nodes in a weighted graph with no negative weight edges .
It is probably the most popular implementation for solving this problem .
If your graph has negative edge weights , you 'll have to use some other algorithms , for instance Bellman - Ford .
I 'll try to give an implementation of it here later .
Dijkstra 's algorithm works much like a breadth - first search that takes the edge weights into account , starting at one node and traversing through the graph .
I use a temporary table to keep track of which nodes we 're done with and the current estimated distance to the different nodes .
The algorithm iterates until no more nodes can be reached .
In each iteration , the " closest " nodes as of now is selected and marked as done .
When the algorithm is done , the result is a node table with distances and predecessors .
The predecessor of a node is the node we went through right before coming to the current node .
This means that we have a backwards linked chain of nodes we can follow to get the complete path .
This is what the recursice common table expression ( CTE ) in the end does .
It recurses through this path and builds a comma separated list of the nodes we went through to get to some node with the specified distance .
Below is a full implementation of Dijkstra 's algorithm in Below is a full implementation of Dijkstra 's algorithm in T - SQL .
I 've had it compute shortest paths to all nodes in a fairly dense graph with 1,000 nodes and 200,000 edges and it completed quite quickly ( around 1 second with data cached ) .
-- Runs Dijkstras algorithm from the specified node .
-- @ StartNode : Id of node to start from .
-- @ EndNode :
Stop the search when the shortest path to this node is found .
-- Specify NULL find shortest path to all nodes .
CREATE PROCEDURE dbo.usp_Dijkstra ( @StartNode int , @ EndNode int = NULL ) AS BEGIN -- Automatically rollback the transaction if something goes wrong .
SET XACT_ABORT ON BEGIN TRAN -- Increase performance and do not intefere with the results .
SET NOCOUNT ON ; -- Create a temporary table for storing the estimates as the algorithm runs CREATE TABLE # Nodes ( Id int NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , -- The Node Id Estimate decimal ( 10,3 ) NOT NULL , -- What is the distance to this node , so far ?
Predecessor int NULL , --
The node we came from to get to this node with this distance .
Done bit NOT NULL --
Are we done with this node yet ( is the estimate the final distance ) ? ) --
Fill the temporary table with initial data INSERT INTO # Nodes ( Id , Estimate , Predecessor , Done ) SELECT Id , 9999999.999 , NULL , 0 FROM dbo .
Node --
Set the estimate for the node we start in to be 0 .
UPDATE # Nodes SET Estimate = 0 WHERE Id = @ StartNode IF @@rowcount <> 1 BEGIN DROP TABLE # Nodes RAISERROR
( ' Could not set start node ' , 11 , 1 ) ROLLBACK TRAN RETURN 1 END DECLARE @FromNode int , @ CurrentEstimate int --
Run the algorithm until we decide that we are finished WHILE 1 = 1 BEGIN -- Reset the variable , so we can detect getting no records in the next step .
SELECT @FromNode = NULL --
Select the Id and current estimate for a node not done , with the lowest estimate .
SELECT TOP 1 @FromNode = Id , @CurrentEstimate = Estimate FROM # Nodes WHERE Done = 0 AND Estimate < 9999999.999 ORDER BY Estimate --
Stop if we have no more unvisited , reachable nodes .
IF @FromNode IS NULL OR @FromNode = @ EndNode BREAK --
We are now done with this node .
UPDATE # Nodes SET Done = 1 WHERE Id = @ FromNode --
Update the estimates to all neighbour node of this one ( all the nodes -- there are edges to from this node ) .
Only update the estimate if the new -- proposal ( to go via the current node ) is better ( lower ) .
UPDATE # Nodes SET Estimate = @ CurrentEstimate + e. Weight , Predecessor = @ FromNode FROM # Nodes n INNER JOIN dbo .
Edge e ON n. Id = e.ToNode WHERE Done = 0 AND e.FromNode = @ FromNode AND ( @CurrentEstimate + e. Weight ) < n. Estimate END ; --
Select the results .
We use a recursive common table expression to -- get the full path from the start node to the current node .
WITH BacktraceCTE ( Id , Name , Distance , Path , NamePath ) AS ( -- Anchor / base member of the recursion , this selects the start node .
SELECT n. Id , node .
Name , n. Estimate , CAST ( n. Id AS varchar ( 8000 ) ) , CAST ( node .
Name AS varchar ( 8000 ) ) FROM # Nodes n JOIN dbo .
Node node ON n. Id = node .
Id WHERE n. Id = @ StartNode UNION ALL -- Recursive member , select all the nodes which have the previous -- one as their predecessor .
Concat the paths together .
SELECT n. Id , node .
Name , n. Estimate , CAST ( cte.
Path + ' , ' + CAST ( n. Id as varchar ( 10 ) ) as varchar ( 8000 ) ) , CAST ( cte.NamePath + ' , ' + node .
Name AS varchar ( 8000 ) ) FROM # Nodes n JOIN BacktraceCTE cte ON n. Predecessor = cte .
Id JOIN dbo .
Node node ON n. Id = node .
Id ) SELECT Id , Name , Distance , Path , NamePath FROM BacktraceCTE WHERE Id = @ EndNode OR @EndNode IS NULL --
This kind of where clause can potentially produce ORDER BY Id -- a bad execution plan , but I use it for simplicity here .
DROP TABLE # Nodes COMMIT TRAN RETURN 0 END
Now , let 's use the algorithm on the sample data of US cities .
Say that we currently are in Seattle , so we want to figure out the distances to the other citites and what route we should take to get there .
We therefore call usp_Dijkstra with @ StartNode = 1 for Seattle , and get the result set seen below .
We can see that to go to Seattle the distance is 0 ( we are already there ) .
If we want to go to Dallas , we should go via Denver , and the distance will be 3419 .
This is shorter than , say , to go via Minneapolis .
The figure on the left shows the shortest paths to the various cities in red .
Results from running Dijkstra 's algorithm on our example data with Seattle as start node .
If we have a directed acyclic graph ( DAG ) as described in the first section of this page , we can perform a topological sorting to get a topological ordering of the nodes in the graph .
A topological ordering is an ordering of the DAG 's nodes , such that each node comes before all nodes to which it has outbound edges .
Such an ordering can be used to schedule tasks under precedence constraints .
Suppose we have a set of tasks to perform , each represented by nodes in a graph , but some tasks need to be performed before other tasks .
We model such constraints using directed edges .
If a needs to be performed before b , we add an edge a → b .
Below is an example of getting dressed in the morning .
Each node represents a task to get a certain piece of clothing on and the edges between them dictate in which order it must happen .
For example , undershorts needs to come on before pants and shoes , pants before shoes and belt and so on , but socks can come on either before or after undershorts and pants , but before shoes .
The watch does not have any constraints and can come on at any time .
Producing a topological ordering in essence boils down to ordering the nodes in such a way that all the edges point in one direction .
Such an ordering for our example is show below , and this is one of the multiple valid topological orderings for this DAG .
It describes one way of getting dressed without running into a problem .
To be able to produce a topological ordering , the graph cannot have any cycles .
For example , if there is a cycle with a and b in it , it would mean that a should come before b and b before a , which is not possible .
In this case the algorithm terminates with an error .
Edge weights does not mean anything in this context , so they are NULL .
The following code implements topological sorting in T - SQL .
-- Determines a topological ordering or reports that the graph is not a DAG .
CREATE PROCEDURE dbo.usp_TopologicalSort AS BEGIN -- Automatically rollback the transaction if something goes wrong .
SET XACT_ABORT ON BEGIN TRAN -- Increase performance and do not intefere with the results .
SET NOCOUNT ON ; -- Create a temporary table for building the topological ordering CREATE TABLE # Order ( Node Id int PRIMARY KEY , -- The Node Id Ordinal int NULL -- Defines the topological ordering .
NULL for nodes that are ) -- not yet processed .
Will be set as nodes are processed in topological order .
--
Create a temporary copy of the edges in the graph that we can work on .
CREATE TABLE # TempEdges ( FromNode int , -- From Node Id ToNode int , -- To Node Id PRIMARY KEY ( FromNode , ToNode ) ) --
Grab a copy of all the edges in the graph , as we will -- be deleting edges as the algorithm runs .
INSERT INTO # TempEdges ( FromNode , ToNode ) SELECT e.FromNode , e.ToNode FROM dbo .
Edge e --
Start by inserting all the nodes that have no incoming edges , is it -- is guaranteed that no other nodes should come before them in the ordering .
--
Insert with NULL for Ordinal , as we will set this when we process the node .
INSERT INTO # Order ( NodeId , Ordinal ) SELECT n. Id , NULL FROM dbo .
Node n WHERE NOT EXISTS ( SELECT TOP 1 1 FROM dbo .
Edge e WHERE e.ToNode = n. Id ) DECLARE @CurrentNode int , --
The current node being processed .
@ Counter int = 0 -- Counter to assign values to the Ordinal column .
--
Loop until we are done .
WHILE 1 = 1 BEGIN --
Reset the variable , so we can detect getting no records in the next step .
SET @CurrentNode = NULL --
Select the id of any node with Ordinal IS NULL that is currently in our -- Order table , as all nodes with Ordinal IS NULL in this table has either -- no incoming edges or any nodes with edges to it have already been processed .
SELECT TOP 1 @CurrentNode = NodeId FROM # Order WHERE Ordinal IS NULL --
If there are no more such nodes , we are done IF @CurrentNode IS NULL BREAK --
We are processing this node , so set the Ordinal column of this node to the -- counter value and increase the counter .
UPDATE # Order SET Ordinal = @ Counter , @ Counter = @ Counter + 1 WHERE NodeId = @ CurrentNode --
This is the complex part .
Select all nodes that has exactly ONE incoming -- edge - the edge from @ CurrentNode .
Those nodes can follow @ CurrentNode -- in the topological ordering because the must not come after any other nodes , -- or those nodes have already been processed and inserted earlier in the -- ordering and had their outgoing edges removed in the next step .
INSERT # Order ( NodeId , Ordinal ) SELECT Id , NULL FROM dbo .
Node n JOIN # TempEdges e1 ON n. Id = e1.ToNode -- Join on edge destination WHERE e1 .
FromNode = @ CurrentNode AND -- Edge starts in @ CurrentNode NOT EXISTS ( --
Make sure there are no edges to this node SELECT TOP 1 1 FROM # TempEdges e2 -- other then the one from @ CurrentNode .
WHERE e2 .
ToNode = n. Id AND e2. FromNode <> @ CurrentNode ) --
Last step .
We are done with @CurrentNode , so remove all outgoing edges from it . --
This will " free up " any nodes it has edges into to be inserted into the topological ordering .
DELETE FROM #TempEdges WHERE FromNode = @ CurrentNode END --
If there are edges left in our graph after the algorithm is done , it -- means that it could not reach all nodes to eliminate all edges , which -- means that the graph must have cycles and no topological ordering can be produced .
IF EXISTS ( SELECT TOP 1 1 FROM # TempEdges ) BEGIN SELECT
' The graph contains cycles and no topological ordering can be produced .
This is the set of edges I could not remove : '
SELECT FromNode , ToNode FROM # TempEdges END ELSE --
Select the nodes ordered by the topological ordering we produced .
SELECT n. Id , n .
Name FROM dbo .
Node n JOIN # Order o ON n. Id = o. NodeId ORDER BY o. Ordinal -- Clean up , commit and return .
DROP TABLE # TempEdges DROP TABLE # Order COMMIT TRAN RETURN 0 END
When running it on the example data above , we get the following output , which is also illustrated in the figure above .
The next topic we move on to is minimum spanning trees .
Suppose you have a graph that is connected ( ie. all nodes can be reached from any node ) and undirected ( edges have no direction - or every edge is a two - way edge with equal weights ) .
A spanning tree of such a graph is a sub - graph which is a tree ( ie. has no cycles ) and connects all the nodes , using a subset of the original edges .
The figure below shows an example where the edges making up the spanning tree is shown in bold .
A graph can have many spanning trees .
A minimum spanning tree is a spanning tree with total weight ( sum of the edge weights in it ) equal to or less than every other spanning tree .
In the context of our example data of major cities and roads in the US , a spanning tree would be a set of edges that connect all the cities together , without loops .
A minimum spanning tree would be the set of edges that does this with the fewest road - kilometers .
As an example of a problem that can be solved with minimum spanning trees , suppose all the roads in our graph example from the top of this page were dirt roads .
The US government now wants to pave them , but laying asphalt is expensive and has a high cost per meter laid down so they will not pave them all .
They decide that they will spend as little money as possible , but you should still be able to drive between any two cities on all - paved roads .
Which roads should they pave ?
The answer is the roads that make up the minimum spanning tree and is shown in red on the figure below .
Its total weight ( length ) is 9314 , so in this particular graph it is not possible to pave less road than 9314 kilometers and still have all cities connected by paved roads .
Minimum spanning tree of our example data .
Next , we look at two algorithms for finding the mimum spanning tree of a graph , namely Prim 's algorithm and Kruskal 's algorithm .
They both find the minimum spanning tree , but if there are multiple they might not find the same one .
If you just want an algorithm that works , you only need one of them , but I included both of them for the interested reader .
Of the two T - SQL implementations , Prim mostly runs faster , so choose this if you are to select one .
Prims 's algorithm is not too hard to understand and resembles Dijkstra a little bit .
First it creates a temporary table containing all the nodes that we can use to mark nodes as done and then it selects a random node as the start node .
It does not matter which is chosen , as all nodes must be in the spanning tree anyways .
Then it proceeds by selecting the " closest " node ( which is the start node at first ) , marks it as visited and updates the distance to all its neighbors .
In the next iteration , the " closest " nodes is again chosen .
Here , the " closest " means the node and edge which is cheapest to add to the spanning tree at this point .
It continues to choose the cheapest node until all the nodes have been visited , at which point the minimum spanning tree is known .
Below is the full implementation of Prim 's algorithm in T - SQL .
It has appromixmately the same run time as Dijkstra - around 1 second on a graph with 1,000 nodes and 200,000 edges .
-- Computes a minimum spanning tree using Prim 's algorithm .
CREATE PROCEDURE dbo.usp_Prim AS BEGIN -- Automatically rollback the transaction if something goes wrong .
SET XACT_ABORT ON BEGIN TRAN -- Increase performance and do n't intefere with the results .
SET NOCOUNT ON ; -- Create a temporary table for storing the estimates as the algorithm runs CREATE TABLE # Nodes ( Id int NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , -- The Node Id Estimate decimal ( 10,3 ) NOT NULL , -- What is the distance to this node , so far ?
Predecessor int NULL , --
The node we came from to get to this node with this distance .
Done bit NOT NULL --
Are we done with this node yet ( is the estimate the final distance ) ? ) --
Fill the temporary table with initial data INSERT INTO # Nodes ( Id , Estimate , Predecessor , Done ) SELECT Id , 9999999.999 , NULL , 0 FROM dbo .
Node --
Set the estimate for start node to be 0 .
UPDATE TOP (1 ) # Nodes SET Estimate = 0 DECLARE @FromNode int --
Run the algorithm until we decide that we are finished WHILE 1 = 1 BEGIN -- Reset the variable , so we can detect getting no records in the next step .
SELECT @FromNode = NULL --
Select the Id for a node not done , with the lowest estimate .
SELECT TOP 1 @FromNode = Id FROM # Nodes WHERE Done = 0 AND Estimate < 9999999.999 ORDER BY Estimate --
Stop if we have no more unvisited , reachable nodes .
IF @FromNode IS NULL BREAK --
We are now done with this node .
UPDATE # Nodes SET Done = 1 WHERE Id = @ FromNode --
Update the estimates to all neighbour nodes of this one ( all the nodes -- there are edges to from this node ) .
Only update the estimate if the new -- proposal ( to go via the current node ) is better ( lower ) .
UPDATE # Nodes SET Estimate = e. Weight , Predecessor = @ FromNode FROM # Nodes n INNER JOIN dbo .
Edge e ON n. Id = e.ToNode WHERE Done = 0 AND e.FromNode = @ FromNode AND e. Weight < n. Estimate END --
Verify that we have enough edges to connect the whole graph .
IF EXISTS ( SELECT TOP 1 1 FROM # Nodes WHERE Done = 0 ) BEGIN DROP TABLE # Nodes RAISERROR ( ' Error :
The graph is not connected . ' , 1 , 1 ) ROLLBACK TRAN RETURN 1 END --
Select the results .
WHERE Predecessor IS NOT NULL filters away -- the one row with represents the starting node .
SELECT n. Predecessor AS FromNode , n. Id AS ToNode , node1 .
Name AS FromName , node2 .
Name AS ToName FROM # Nodes n JOIN dbo .
Node node1 ON n. Predecessor = node1 .
Id JOIN dbo .
Node node2 ON n. Id = node2.id WHERE n. Predecessor IS NOT NULL ORDER BY n.
Predecessor , n.id DROP TABLE # Nodes COMMIT TRAN RETURN 0 END
The output from Prim 's algorithm in the set of edges making up the minimum spanning tree , shown on the right below .
If we highligt these edges in red on the map , we get the same map as was shown above .
Results from running Prim 's algorithm on our example data .
Next up for minimum spanning trees is Kruskal 's algorithm .
It solves the problem by using a different approach .
To start with , it initially creates one cluster or sub - tree for each node in the graph .
Then , it picks the shortest edge in the graph and sees if it connects to seperate trees .
If it does , it merges the trees .
If it introduces a loop within one tree , it discards the edge .
This is repeated until all the nodes form one big tree , which will be the minimal spanning tree .
Below is the full implementation in T - SQL .
It runs slower than Prim 's algorithm , but I included it for completeness .
-- Computes a minimum spanning tree using Kruskal 's algorithm .
CREATE PROCEDURE dbo.usp_Kruskal AS BEGIN -- Automatically rollback the transaction if something goes wrong .
SET XACT_ABORT ON BEGIN TRAN -- Increase performance and do not intefere with the results .
SET NOCOUNT ON CREATE TABLE #MSTNodes ( Id int PRIMARY KEY , ClusterNum int ) --
Temp table for clusters CREATE TABLE #MST ( FromNode int , ToNode int PRIMARY KEY ( FromNode , ToNode ) ) -- Result accumulator DECLARE @FromNode int , @ ToNode int , -- Start and end point for the current edge @ EdgeCount int = 0 , @NodeCount int , -- Edge count along the way , total node count @ FromCluster int , @ToCluster int -- Start and end cluster for the current edge -- First , create one cluster for each of the nodes INSERT #MSTNodes ( Id , ClusterNum ) SELECT Id , Id FROM dbo .
Node --
Get the total node count SELECT @NodeCount = COUNT (*) FROM #MSTNodes --
Get a cursor iterating through all the edges sorted increasing on weight .
DECLARE EdgeCursor CURSOR READ_ONLY
FOR SELECT FromNode , ToNode FROM dbo .
Edge WHERE FromNode < ToNode --
Do n't get self loops , they are not part of the tree .
ORDER BY Weight OPEN EdgeCursor --
Get the first edge FETCH NEXT FROM EdgeCursor INTO @ FromNode , @ToNode -- Loop until we have no more edges or we have Nodes - 1 edges ( this is enough ) .
WHILE @@FETCH_STATUS = 0 AND @EdgeCount < @ NodeCount - 1 BEGIN --
Get the clusters for this edge SELECT @ FromCluster = ClusterNum FROM #MSTNodes WHERE Id = @ FromNode SELECT @ToCluster = ClusterNum FROM #MSTNodes WHERE
Id = @ ToNode --
If the edge ends in different clusters , the edge is safe , so add it to the MST .
IF ( @FromCluster <> @ ToCluster ) BEGIN --
Merge the two clusters by updating the cluster number of the " to cluster " to the -- cluster number of the " from cluster " .
UPDATE #MSTNodes SET ClusterNum = @ FromCluster WHERE ClusterNum = @ ToCluster --
Insert the edge into the result and increment the edge count INSERT #MST VALUES ( @FromNode , @ ToNode ) SET @EdgeCount = @ EdgeCount + 1 END --
Get the next edge FETCH NEXT FROM EdgeCursor INTO @ FromNode , @ToNode END -- Close and deallocate the cursor CLOSE EdgeCursor DEALLOCATE EdgeCursor --
Verify that we have enough edges to connect the whole graph .
IF ( SELECT COUNT (*) FROM # MST ) < @ NodeCount - 1 BEGIN DROP TABLE #MSTNodes DROP TABLE #MST RAISERROR ( ' Error :
The graph is not connected . ' , 1 , 1 ) ROLLBACK TRAN RETURN 1 END --
Select the results .
SELECT mst. FromNode , mst .
ToNode , node1 .
Name AS FromName , node2 .
Name AS ToName FROM #MST mst JOIN dbo .
Node node1 ON mst .
FromNode = node1 .
Id JOIN dbo .
Node node2 ON mst.
ToNode = node2.id ORDER BY mst .
FromNode , mst .
ToNode DROP TABLE #MSTNodes DROP TABLE #MST COMMIT TRAN RETURN 0 END
As for Prim , the output from Kruskal 's algorithm is also the set of edges making up the minimum spanning tree .
Since our map has only one minimum spanning tree , the same edges as we got from Prim is output , the only difference being the order of the edges .
If there had been multiple minimum spanning trees with the same weight , we could have gotten a different one .
Results from running Kruskal 's algorithm on our example data .
2010 -05 - 22 - Initial version published
Will Medical Marijuana Be Legalized In Nebraska ?
Diana Wulf , spokeswoman , Nebraska HEMP : “ It is one of the safest plants on Earth to use ”
The discussion has begun about legalizing marijuana for medical purposes in Nebraska .
Three members of the State Board of Pharmacy will quiz their colleagues on the topic at the annual meeting May 22 - 25 of the National Boards of Pharmacy in Anaheim , Calif. , reports Paul Hammel of World - Herald News Service .
The Nebraskans hope to learn more about the pros and cons of legalization and any problems that have arisen in the 14 states that now allow cannabis to be used medicinally .
“ It ’s probably an issue we ’re going to have to address in the future , ” said Board Chairman Rick Zarek , a Gothernburg , Neb. , pharmacist , who said he had no personal opinion on the subject .
Nebraska legislators declared the issue dead in March , even after the state pharmacy board in neighboring Iowa voted unanimously to recommend that medical marijuana be permitted there .
? Members of a group called Nebraska HEMP ( Helping End Marijuana Prohibition ) attended a meeting of the Nebraska Board of Pharmacy in April .
They plan to return for the board ’s July meeting .
A spokeswoman said the group plans to educate the board , and also hopes to launch an initiative petition drive in 2012 to get the medical marijuana issue on Nebraska ’s ballot .
“ It is one of the safest plants on Earth to use , ” said spokeswoman Diana Wulf of Staplehurst .
Carmen Catizone , executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy , based in Chicago , said medical marijuana is among the top issues facing his members .
According to Catizone , this is not only because proposals have been made in many states to legalize the herb for medical purposes , but also because there is so much disagreement on its medical usefulness .
The national pharmacy group held a two - day symposium on medical marijuana in December .
No Nebraska board members attended , according to World - Herald News Service .
Catizone said the issue will almost certainly be raised again at the annual meeting next week , especially in view of developments like the Iowa Board of Pharmacy recommendation .
“ You kind of expect the Californias and Oregons … but when it hits the heartland like Iowa , that ’s when it caught people ’s attention , ” Catizone said .
“ To get legs in Iowa was a big deal . ”
The Iowa Legislature would still have to vote to legalize medical marijuana there .
Only a “ narrowly crafted ” law — which , in the real word , means one that would exclude many patients who actually need cannabis — would be considered in Iowa , according to conventional wisdom .
Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman has repeatedly expressed his opposition to medical marijuana .
A bill to legalize medical marijuana has never been introduced in the Nebraska Legislature , although several years ago the lawmakers considered legalizing industrial hemp farming .
Wulf , however , plans to continue with her efforts .
“ Our intention is by the first of next year to educate Nebraska , ” she said .
“ Marijuana is more than just getting high . ”
Editor ’s Note : Please follow Steve Elliott on Twitter , and The News Junkie Post to stay updated on all of our articles .
Javascript Required !
See this page for instructions on how to enable Javascript in common browsers .
Without Javascript , the search aspect and other features of the site will not function .
However , feel free to browse the links at the bottom of the page to learn more about autotempest.com .
If you choose to enable Javascript , simply return here and refresh the page to search !
Thanks for visiting !
In discussions , Nelson Mandela would gather people together , let everyone else have their say , then speak last .
According to 10 examples of tremendous business leadership Mandela took the idea from his adoptive father Chief Jongintaba .
Chief Jongintaba was a tribal king , and would frequently hold meetings of the court .
Men from all walks of life would gather in a circle and express their opinion .
The Chief waited until every everyone had spoken before he would enter the conversation .
In the early 1990s , New Zealand government training agency Training Works in Wellington took a similar Maori - inspired approach to staff meetings .
Each morning the boss , Richard Norman , would gather staff in a circle .
Then going a clockwise direction everyone had to say a few words about what they were doing .
People could n’t respond or discuss comments until everyone had spoken .
Update : I ’ve been asked why you might want to hold Mandela - like meetings .
The answer is simple : leadership .
Mandela ’s inclusive meeting style demonstrates leadership – drawing on other people ’s skills and ability while treating them with respect .
Like this : Like Loading ...
General Motors CEO
Ed Whitacre has bragged in TV commercials and newspaper columns that GM has paid back its bailout " in full and ahead of schedule . "
As with the Pontiac Aztek , an ugly exterior masks an ever darker problem : Whitacre is being fanciful to the point of deceit .
GM received $ 50 billion in TARP funds ( never mind that TARP was only supposed to cover financial institutions ) .
About $ 7 billion of that came in the form of a straight - up , low - interest loan .
And about $ 13 billion came in the form of an escrow account .
So how has GM , which lost $ 38 billion in 2007 even as it sold 9.4 million cars , paid back its debt ?
It took money from the escrow account to pay back the $ 6.7 billion loan .
Do you remember when you were a kid and your parents gave you $ 20 to buy them a Christmas present ?
You bought them something worth $ 3 and pocketed the rest ?
That 's what GM has just done .
Oh , and do you remember when you hit your parents up for college ?
GM has applied for a $ 10 billion , low - interest loan from the government to modernize its plants so its cars will meet new federal mileage standards .
If you think all this constitutes paying back their debt in full and ahead of schedule , you might want to check out the new line of GM cars .
And hope that the company 's safety engineers are better at math than their CEO .
Approximately 1.35 minutes .
Written and produced by Dan Hayes , Meredith Bragg , and Nick Gillespie .
Members of the National Ocean Industries Association ( NOIA ) , a domestic offshore energy industry group , want to help out with the Gulf oil spill for obvious reasons–it makes them look good and it helps ensure industry survival .
But some members are doing more to help than others .
Below , we take a look at who ’s doing what in the scramble to clean up the Gulf .
ExxonMobil
Overview : $ 19 billion in profits last year , largest publicly traded integrated petroleum and natural gas company
Oil Spill Response : Exxon has offered up a drilling rig as a staging base along with two supply
vessels , an underwater vehicle and support vessel , and technical advice on blowout
preventers , dispersant injection , well construction and containment
options .
The company is also working on response and cleanup by providing radios , fire boom , and the continued production of chemical dispersants .
Score : 8/10 .
Exxon is doing its part , but we wish that it would admit that Corexit , the company ’s chemical dispersant of choice , may not be the best product for the job .
Shell Oil
By Aamina on May 21 , 2010
Hits : 553
Android 2.2 is coming with more new features such as speed , support for Flash , tethering and mobile hotspot support and so on .
Android 2.2 is coming with more speed and support for Flash
Google launched Android operating system with the code name " Froyo " at the Google I /O conference .
Google expressed that Android operating system newly increased many functions such as portable hotspot , support for Adobe Flash ( Adobe Flash player 10 recommended ) , more improvements in Android Market , besides these new added enterprise functions , Android operating system also enhances in both performance as well as speed .
Further more , the new Android operating system brings about V8 JavaScript engine and new API and service for Android browser .
On Thursday , Google previewed the coming web version of Android Market and the new update content of local Music App.
Users are entitled to visit Music App via Android mobile phone .
While , what are the biggest new features in Android 2.2 ?
Speed Up :
Flash :
The most significant changes to the Android operating system revolve around these four points : Besides , there are many other functions in Android 2.2 Google added new Dalvik Just - In - Time ( JIT ) compiler into Android 2.2 to make the running speed of program two to five times as fast as previous versions .
After installed Android 2.2 operating system with new JIT compiler ( JIT Scheduler provides the easy way to create and launch tasks ) , Nexus One 's Benchmark changes from 6 to 7 MFLOPS up to 38 to 40 MFLOPS , with the whole mark promoting at least five times .
Plus , app switching should be noticeably smoother due to improved memory reclaim in the Froyo build .
Android 2.2 will be embedded to Adobe Flash 10.1 , providing download in June , and the relative video has been exposed online .
Additionally , Froyo will be the first Android edition with full support for Adobe Flash and Adobe Air .
Android 2.2 , Linux OS , Google Android
Invention Awards : A Gaming Device That Lets You Feel the Sound
An accessory that makes you feel -- literally -- like you 're in the videogame you 're playing
Aza Raskin , the creative lead for Firefox , has just posted about a new type of potential phishing attack , dubbed " tabnabbing . "
Raskin has a proof - of - concept and an explanation for how this type of attack could work .
Tabnabbing operates in reverse of most phishing attacks in that it does n't ask users to click on a obfuscated link but instead loads a fake page in one of the open tabs in your browser .
Check out this tabnabbing scenario :
You have a bunch of open tabs in your web browser , an e-mail page , Facebook , your bank account and maybe a bunch of news sites .
While you 're reading your favorite Mashable.com content , the attack is able to hone in on tabs that have n't been used or are n't in focus and replace the favicon ( the icon in your tab bar ) and the title of the tab .
When you click on that tab , a fake page is loaded in its place , maybe it is loaded to look like a standard login page .
Because you already had this tab open legitimately before , you do n't bother paying any attention to the URL in the address bar and you enter in your login information .
You 've just sent your info to a nefarious third party .
Raskin shows off how this works in this video :
Pretty scary , right ?
Raskin details some methods that could make this sort of attack even more insidious , including checking to see if a user is currently logged in or out of a certain site in order to better offer up a believable fake page .
How would this attack get on your system to begin with , you might ask ?
Plugins and add - ons are the most common way that intruders can gain access to your system .
Client - side script injections by way of JavaScript , Flash , ActiveX and so on are responsible for many browser attacks .
This is just one more reason to always make sure you 're using an up - to - date web browser .
The Fix
Raskin's proof of concept is scary , but it is n't fool proof .
This is what you can do to keep yourself safe from these and other types of attacks :
Keep your web browser up - to - date .
Also make sure that plugins and extensions are up - to - date and from trusted sources .
If you 're a Windows user , make sure you have anti-virus or anti-malware software on your computer
Pay attention to the address in your browser 's toolbar , especially when it comes to login pages .
It 's easy to get into muscle - memory mode and just assume that a tab is unchanged , but for important user accounts , keep an eye on that location bar .
Consider using some sort of password management tool .
Raskin points to the Firefox Account Manager as one method of using the browser for your identity manager , but plugins and tools like 1 Password are good choices too .
Rather than typing in user names and passwords individually , using an identity manager that compares the site you are on against the stored data in its database ( making sure the addresses and DNS addresses matchup ) will prevent you from entering in information into a false site .
As of right now , this is not an attack that is out in the wild — it 's a proof of concept .
However , tabnabbing does illustrate some of the ways that users can have information compromised by way of indirect attacks .
Update : Jerry Bryant , Group Manager , Response Communications at Microsoft provided us with the following statement :
Safety online is about defense - in - depth .
Internet Explorer 8 includes world - class technologies such as the SmartScreen Filter and Domain Highlighting .
These technologies , along with the Lock icon , help block the malicious pages required for this kind of attack , and highlight that such pages are not ones the user should trust .
Before entering personal information on any website , users should always check that the Lock icon is present in the address bar and that the web address of the page is one they ’d expect given the service they think they are using .
Domain Name helps users do this by highlighting in black the actual domain of the page they ’re visiting .
Behind the scenes , the SmartScreen Filter also plays a role in combating this sort of hijacking attempt .
SmartScreen successfully blocks millions of views of malicious pages each month and would help protect the user in this situation .
Some stories indicated that Internet Explorer on XP was susceptible to the available Proof of Concept code released on a web page by Mozilla .
Those stories are not complete .
Since the site / code is not malicious , it did not trigger the SmartScreen filter which would protect these users against this PoC .
When understanding the real world risk of situations like this , it is really important to consider the defense - in - depth protections offered by Internet Explorer .
image courtesy of iStockphoto , Spannerdude
The reference community for Free and Open Source gateware IP cores
Since 1999 , OpenCores is the most prominent online community for the development of gateware IP ( Intellectual Properties ) Cores .
It is the place where such cores are shared and promoted in the spirit of Free and Open Source collaboration .
The OpenCores portal hosts the source code for different digital gateware projects and supports the users ’ community providing a platform for listing , presenting , and managing such projects ; together with version control systems for sources management .
OpenCores is also the place where digital designers meet to showcase , promote , and talk about their passion and work .
They do this through forums , news collectors , and much more !
Please join us !
The Next3 filesystem
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
The ext3 filesystem is tried and true , but it lacks a number of features deemed interesting by contemporary users .
Snapshots - the ability to quickly capture the state of the filesystem at an arbitrary time - is at the top of many lists .
It is currently possible to use the LVM snapshotting feature with ext3 , but snapshots taken through LVM have some significant limitations .
The Next3 filesystem offers an approach which might prove easier and more flexible : snapshots implemented directly in ext3 .
Next3 was developed by CTERA Networks , which has started shipping it on its C200 network - attached storage device .
This code has also been posted on SourceForge and proposed for merging into the mainline kernel .
The Next3 filesystem adds a simple snapshot feature to ext3 in ways which are ( mostly ) compatible with the existing on - disk format .
It looks like a useful feature , but its path into the mainline looks to be longer than its implementers might have hoped .
The Next3 filesystem is a new filesystem type - it 's not just an addition to ext3 .
At its core , it works by creating a special , magic file to represent a snapshot of the filesystem .
The files have the same apparent size as the storage volume as a whole , but they are sparse files , so they take almost no space at the outset .
When a change is made to a block on disk , the filesystem must first check to see whether that block has been saved in the most recent snapshot already .
If not , the affected block is moved over to the snapshot file , and a new block is allocated to replace it .
Thus , over time , disk blocks migrate to the snapshot file as they are rewritten with new contents .
Gaining read - only access to a snapshot is a simple matter of doing a loopback mount of the snapshot file as an ext2 filesystem .
The snapshot file is sufficiently magic that any attempts to read blocks in the holes ( which represent blocks that have not been changed since the snapshot was taken ) will be satisfied from a later snapshot - which will have captured the contents of that block when it was eventually changed - or from the underlying storage device .
Deleting a snapshot requires moving changed blocks into the previous snapshot , if it exists , because the deleted snapshot holds blocks which are logically part of the earlier snapshots .
The changes to the ext3 on - disk format are minimal , to the point that a Next3 filesystem can be mounted by the ordinary ext3 code .
If snapshots exist , though , ext3 cannot be allowed to modify the filesystem , lest the changed blocks fail to be saved in the snapshot .
So , when snapshots exist on the filesystem , it will be marked with a feature flag which forces ext3 to mount the filesystem readonly .
On the performance side , the news is said to be mostly good .
Writes will take a little longer due to the need to move the old block to a snapshot file .
The worst performance impact is seemingly on truncate operations ; these may have to save a large number of blocks and can get a lot slower .
It is also worth noting that the moving of modified blocks to the snapshot file will , over time , wreck the nice , contiguous on - disk format that ext3 tries so hard to create , with an unfortunate effect on streaming read performance .
Files which must not be fragmented can be marked with a special flag which will cause blocks to be copied into the snapshot file rather than moved ; that will slow writes further , but will keep the file contiguous on disk .
Next3 developer Amir Goldstein requested relatively quick review of the patches because he is trying to finalize some of the on - disk formatting .
The answer he got from Ted Ts'o was probably not quite what he was looking for :
Ext4 is where new development takes place in the ext2/3/4 series .
So enhancements such as Next3 will probably not be received with great welcome into ext3 .
Amir 's response was that , while porting the patches to ext4 is on the " we 'll get around to it someday " list , that port is not an easy thing to do .
The biggest problem , apparently , is making the movement of blocks into the snapshot file work properly with ext4's extent - oriented format .
Beyond that , Amir says , he 's not actually trying to get the changes into ext3 - he wants to merge a separate filesystem called Next3 which happens to be mostly compatible with ext3 .
The " separate Next3 " approach is unlikely to fly very far , though .
As Ted put it , ext2 , ext3 , and ext4 are really just different implementations of the same basic filesystem format ; this format has never really been forked .
Next3 , as a separate filesystem , would be a fork of the format .
The fact that Next3 has taken over some data structure fields which are used to different purpose in ext4 has not helped matters :
The " ext " in ext2 stands for " extended " , as in the " the second extended file system " for Linux .
It perhaps would be better if we had used the term " extensible " , since that 's the main thing about ext2/3/ 4 that has given it so much staying power .
We 've been able to add , in very carefully backwards and forwards compatible way , new features to the file system format .
This is why I object to why Next3 uses some fields that overlaps with ext4 .
It means that e2fsprogs , which supports _one_ and _only_ _one_ file system format , will now need to support two file system formats .
And that 's not something I want to do .
The answer appears fairly clear : patches adding the snapshot feature might be welcome , but not as a fork of the ext3 filesystem .
At a bare minimum , the filesystem format will have to be changed to avoid conflicts with ext4 , but the real solution appears to be simply implementing the patches on top of ext4 instead of ext3 .
That is a fair amount of extra work which might have been avoided had the Next3 developers talked with the community prior to starting to code .
Fans were stoked when Boom !
announced a reasonably - sized four - issue " Darkwing Duck " miniseries back in March , but today 's news that Boom ! is taking The Terror That Flaps In The Night monthly should have soon - to - be DW readers ready to party like it 's 1991 .
Written by Boom !
editor Ian Brill with art by James Silvani ( who 's art we got an exclusive first look at back in April ) , the series is still on track to hit stores June 16 , only instead of stopping at the end of its initial four - issue arc , " The Duck Knight Returns , " the adventures of St. Canard 's most daring vigilante will just keep up on getting dangerous .
Here 's how Brill broke it down in Boom !'s official press release :
" The fan response for Darkwing Duck has been amazing ! " says Brill .
" The fans wanted more , so we 'll give them more !
Not just more issues but more adventure and more humor .
After the first story , which will have big changes for Darkwing and family , we 're going to take the readers on an even crazier ride ! "
Check out samples from the upcoming series after the jump .
Anarcha - Feminists
Take to the Streets ... Because We Don't Need Anyone 's Permission . by Anarcha Feminists
Sunday May 2nd , 2010 12:49 AM
This was the communique distributed before today 's Reclaim the Streets .
A call for an Anarcha - Feminist Bloc had been made and many anarchist women and queer people of all sorts took to the streets .
This is only a beginning .
We come together today as anarcha - feminists excited because of this new beginning .
Anarcha - feminism has barely been flushed out , put into action , or recognized as a politic by even ourselves .
And many of us have never known of each other 's existence , therefore never knowing what we are capable of .
We find it fitting to meet in the streets , where strong social bonds are created and great turns in history unfold .
Make friends and comrades this May Day and expect great things to come .
There ’s a new anarchism on the tips of all of our tongues .
But there is also a legacy of radical and powerful movements that we may find enlightening if we are aware enough to not get caught in the trappings that brought them to an end .
In order to determine what we wish to be we must see where we began ...
The New Left movements pushed us forward light years in their declarations that struggle is to be found on many , many more fronts than class alone .
Movements that we are the most proud of in our left histories – Black Power , Queer Liberation , Women 's Liberation , etc. – were quite literally crafting a future reality that looked very promising .
As these movements crumbled or weakened we can see how aspects of these struggles that lacked a critique of authoritarian ( and especially State ) power fell into the arms of liberalism .
Liberalism assumes and maintains the delusion that a government or any kind of higher power is necessary and responsible for looking after us , to ensure that all is peaceful and equal .
We are kept in a state of perpetual childhood , where all of our daily actions and disputes are subject to judgment by the guiding hand of authoritarian father figures from God to government , governor , mayor , banker , husband , to daddy dearest .
And so identity politics entered the scene , stage Left .
Post - colonial , feminist , and especially queer politics that once fought for autonomous power distinct from normative society became a sad shadow of its formal self as they became a politic about recognition within society , which made these movements dependent on the structures responsible for their unique tribulations .
Some of our comrades have suggested we throw out identity politics all together .
And this feels like a tempting idea .
We are tired of the trend of tokenization .
Every political event we attend someone is tokenizing their self , their mom , or some abstract group of people .
Sometimes this happens even in the name of “ not tokenizing ! ”
We see this as a depressing attempt to establish legitimacy as a victim ( as if that is a cool thing to be ! )
Within this context the activist 's job has become that of making diagnosis after diagnosis of who is and is not oppressed .
Each individual carries with them all sorts of unique atrocities that have been imposed on their bodies and psyches as well as horrors they 've done to others .
It 's dishonest to sum up our lived experiences as that of a “ woman , ” an “ immigrant , ” a “ gender queer , ” or even a combination of any number of recognizable marginal identities .
But this is n't even the bigger problem .
Identity politic - obsessed activism looks to make us feel safe within systems that are not designed to be safe or freeing and does not take action to dismantle the system completely .
The Left has built an army of Gandhis .
Gandhi , mind you , so loved and romanticized the oppressed of his country that he could not bring himself to endorse a social order which might end the existence of their oppression .
Even though he was seen as very radical at the time , he proved to be a liberal at heart .
Ending caste discrimination is quite different from abolishing a caste system completely .
We must make the decision whether it is more in our interests to demand equal rights or to fight for a future ( or maybe a present ) where demanding anything from anyone other than ourselves is senseless .
There is nothing powerful in being valorized , recognized , and romanticized as victims .
Who cares if men know that some huge statistic of us is raped by them ?
Does that stop rape ?
Who cares if everyone remembers to get your preferred pronoun right ?
Does that help you when you 're in custody and the cops are discussing what 's between your legs so they can determine which cell block you “ belong ” in ?
And who cares if your neighbor is so outraged by your boyfriend ’s violent outbursts that she calls the police ?
You do , because you are the one with a police gun in your face and you are the one later bailing out your boyfriend despite the fact that the 1st of the month is quickly approaching .
That which establishes our horrible positions in society will never abolish those positions .
And we want out .
We no longer want to be victims , but we know that we can not count on the State , men , white people , straight people , the cops – whoever it is for you – to do this for us .
Ironically , despite our critiques – and sometimes hatred – of identity politics , we find ourselves coming together around a ( somewhat loose ) identity :
We are some people who no longer want to be victims of gender tyranny and misogyny .
Within this grouping we are hoping to circumvent , to a certain extent , our gender and what that means for us when we are living our lives in this Man's World so we might gain some insight as to what it might look like to not have gender dynamics influence every interaction .
We come together to fight for a reality where identities such as “ man , ” “ woman , ” and “ trans ” are logical impossibilities .
We know that together we can tend to our misgivings that these desires are irrational and get down to business .
We will not , in fact , be throwing out identity politics all together .
If nothing else because we refuse to let liberals and non-profits have our radical politics .
But also because we do find it useful to identify and analyze our miserable conditions in order to have a point of a departure , in order to know very clearly what we do not want to be .
We do not want a feminism that looks like a social worker behind a desk with concerned eyebrows .
We want a feminism that stays up late at the kitchen table convincing us that we deserve better .
We do not want a feminism that will put us up in a run down state shelter for a short while until we 're “ back on our feet . ”
We want a feminism that will break back into our house we were just kicked out of and tell the land lord he 'll have hell to pay from a mob of angry bitches if he attempts eviction again .
And when one of us is raped and murdered for our gender we definitely do not want more empty calls for “ justice ” and quiet candle - lit vigils .
We want a feminism that acts from a much wider range of emotion and expectation .
We want a visible expression of exasperation , anger , and frustration that makes obvious that we are finished with these routines : the routines of violence against women and queer people , the routines of quietly shaking our heads at these tragedies , the routines of asking for change .
We want a feminism that is not afraid to try new things , that is dynamic enough to know that at times healing comes in the form of vengeance and change comes in the form of destroying what destroys you .
This MayDay anarcha - feminism may just look like a riotous street party with a contingent that is strikingly dudeless , but that rumbling you hear is what lies right beneath the surface .
Great ruptures and new worlds are in store , but we can not be passive spectators in creating our new selves .
Kill the liberal in your head .
There are no excuses now for not exchanging numbers , saying hello on the street and building relationships where we plan , scheme , and push each other out of victim - hood by being the toughest comrades possible in our common struggles and , perhaps more importantly , in our uncommon struggles .
We 're in this together .
Some words , ideas , and inspirations were taken from the following :
Sex , Race , and Class by Selma James ; the editorial in Upping the Anti # 9 ; Gramsci is Dead , Anarchist Currents in the Newest Social Movements , by Richard Day ; We 'll Show You Crazy Bitches , communiqué from Take Back the Night Brooklyn Style ; and countless difficult conversations .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg may be against a City Council bill that would revoke permits of food - truck vendors for multiple parking tickets , but that does n't mean he 's gone soft on all food trucks .
Speaking on the John Gambling show Friday , the mayor took aim at a particular food - truck company with whom he has clashed in recent years : Mister Softee .
After a caller named Fran complained that a Mister Softee truck in her neighborhood was playing its familiar tune as late as 10 p.m. , the mayor said he was going follow up with the ...
Annals of outrage BP 's emergency " plan " for the Gulf discusses impact on " seals , sea otters and walruses "
Published 18 May 2010
BP ’s 582 - page emergency - response never anticipated an oil spill as large as the one now gushing on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico ; a closer reading shows the document was not much than a boilerplate , cut - and - paste job used by BP from region to region ; in a section titled “ Sensitive Biological & Human - Use Resources , ” the emergency plan lists “ seals , sea otters and walruses ” as animals that could be impacted by a Gulf of Mexico spill — even though no such animals live in the Gulf ; the plan was approved in July by the federal Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) , a toothless agency accused by lawmakers of being in the pocket of the oil industry
An emergency response plan prepared by BP shows the British energy giant never anticipated an oil spill as large as the one seeping through the Gulf of Mexico .
USA Today ’s Rick Jervis writes that the 582 - page document , titled “ Regional Oil Spill Response Plan — Gulf of Mexico , ” was approved in July by the federal Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) .
It offers technical details on how to use chemical dispersants and provides instructions on what to say to the news media , but it does not mention how to react if a deep - water well spews oil uncontrollably .
BP was criticized by several lawmakers last week for inventing solutions on the go to stop the flow of oil ever since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank last month , killing eleven crewmembers and sparking an ecological emergency .
Most of the techniques recently attempted by BP to contain the spewing well — from a 100 - ton containment device that did n’t work to a mile - long tube aimed at piping out the spewing oil — are not mentioned in the plan .
“ These oil spill response plans suffer from what I would consider a ‘ failure of imagination , ’ ” said Representative Nick Rahall ( D - West Virginia ) , chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , which is investigating federal oversight of oil spills .
“ It seems to me that there should be a Plan B , C and D in place before the accident occurs , not created in haste while millions of gallons of oil are spewing into the Gulf . ”
David Dismukes , associate executive director of the Center for Energy Studies at Louisiana State University , said that an oil spill response plan must be filed with the MMS , the agency that regulates oil companies , and details how a company will deal with potential spills .
Jervis quotes BP spokesman Steve Rinehart to say that the plan provided the company a blueprint for response during the current disaster , but BP officials had to improvise due to the “ unforeseen circumstances ” of the event — a renegade well 5,000 feet under water .
“ Nobody foresaw an incident in which something like this occurred , ” Rinehart said .
Parts of the document read like boilerplate used by BP from region to region and underscore the energy company ’s inability to adequately prepare for a major spill in deep water , said Rick Steiner , a former University of Alaska marine scientist and oil spill response consultant who has reviewed the plan .
In a section titled “ Sensitive Biological & Human - Use Resources , ” the plan lists “ seals , sea otters and walruses ” as animals that could be impacted by a Gulf of Mexico spill — even though no such animals live in the Gulf .
The plan also promises that BP can respond to a “ worst case discharge ” of around one million gallons a day , even though engineers have struggled for nearly a month to control a well spewing one - fifth of that , Steiner said .
The decade started with the most attacking , open tournament in modern football , at Euro 2000 .
The four semi-finalists all played ‘ classic ’ Number 10s in the hole between the opposition defence and midfield .
France , Italy , Portugal and Holland had Zinedine Zidane , Francesco Totti , Manuel Rui Costa and Dennis Bergkamp respectively – it almost seemed essential to have a player in this mould to be successful – helped by trequartista- less England and Germany ’s early exits .
Today , the past two World Players of the Year – Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo – have been primarily wide players who cut inside .
Messi and Wayne Rooney would surely have been deployed as trequartistas ( or enganches , if you prefer ) had they started their career a decade earlier .
Indeed , almost every player that would have expected to spend their career behind the front two has had to redefine their game , generally being stationed out wide .
As always , playing in a wide role generally requires a fair degree of pace , and in that respect the likes of Messi , Rooney , Andriy Arshavin or Franck Ribery have no problems , and have their place in the modern game .
Ronaldo , Rooney , Arshavin , Messi and Totti also been the most prominent five to have filled a false nine role when required .
But what of the players who have neither the necessary qualities to play upfront , nor the pace and trickery to play out wide ?
Investigating Argentina ’s production of “ New Maradonas ” also takes you down a path that could equally be “ Players that failed to live up to their potential “ : Juan Riquelme , Pablo Aimar , Andres D’Alessandro and Javier Saviola .
That is not to say that they have not been successful for periods – Aimar and Saviola in particular were great for Valencia and Barcelona respectively – but it is undeniable that none of that quartet have achieved what we expected of them .
This is possibly a problem with South America and Europe differing in tactical terms .
The ‘ enganche ’ is still a major role – THE major role – across most of South America , but Europe has largely moved away from the use of a No 10 behind the forwards .
It is surely no coincidence that so many “ New Maradonas ” have come from Argentina and struggled to make a long - term impact in Europe , but the one Argentinian who has ( already ) achieved the most – Messi – arrived in Europe at the age of 13 and therefore had a distinctly ‘ European ’ footballing education .
Jonathan Wilson describes Riquelme as “ the last of the old - style playmakers ” , contrasting him with Luka Modric , a busier , more adaptable and reliable player as “ the first of the new ” .
He makes the point that by having a ‘ designated ’ playmaker , the side becomes too dependent upon him .
The players in this role are genuinely thought of ( especially in Argentina ) as enigmatic artists who produce individual moments of genius , and yet they are expected to be the most consistent players in the side .
That was perhaps possible when 4 - 4 - 2s played each other , and there was a simple ‘ destroyer v creator ’ midfield battle , but with the popularity of 4 - 3 - 3s making the centre of midfield increasingly congested , it ’s simply not possible for players to play the role Zidane , Rui Costa or Totti did around the turn of the century .
How many old - style No 10s currently play for a major club in one of the top leagues in Europe ?
Kaka is one , certainly , although he ’s spent most of his career playing in a Milan side that simply played a different style of football to every other club in Europe .
Their tendency to pack the midfield with central playmakers – up to 4 of them – meant that Kaka was not the only creative outlet in the centre of the side , and Milan still played well even when Kaka had a poor game .
Indeed , even at his peak Kaka was relatively inconsistent – certainly more so than Ronaldo or Messi were when winning their World Player of the Year trophies .
He does n’t have quite such a luxury at Real Madrid , and has struggled so far .
His fellow Brazilian Diego of Juventus is another – a wonderfully - talented player , but has hardly been at his best since signing for Juve , whilst Totti today plays more as a forward than as a trequartista .
Wesley Sneijder has thrived playing as a No 10 this season , but equally can play on the flank if needed , much like Pavel Nedved was able to .
Other sides play central playmakers – Cesc Fabregas , Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard – but they are all more complete , busier players than the likes of Riquelme .
Yoann Gourcuff is probably the closest to a top - class European old - style playmaker - but with due respect to Ligue 1 , he ’ll have to perform either in a better league , or in a major international tournament , before he is truly considered a world class player .
And so we are left with the conclusion that there are no New Rui Costas or New Dennis Bergkamps for the time being – unless there is a shift back towards Classic Number 10s , we ’re more likely to hear about the New Cristiano Ronaldo or the New Wesley Sneijder .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
BRUSSELS — European leaders agreed on Monday to provide a huge rescue package of nearly $ 1 trillion in a sweeping effort to combat the debt crisis that has engulfed Europe and threatened markets around the world .
In an extraordinary session that lasted into the early morning hours , finance ministers from the European Union agreed on a deal that would provide $ 560 billion in new loans and $ 76 billion under an existing lending program .
Elena Salgado , the Spanish finance minister , who announced the deal , also said the International Monetary Fund was prepared to give up to $ 321 billion separately .
Officials are hoping the size of the program — a total of $ 957 billion — will signal a “ shock and awe ” commitment that will be viewed in the same vein as the $ 700 billion package the United States government provided to help its own ailing financial institutions in 2008 .
The package was much higher than expected , and represented an audacious step for a bloc that had been criticized for acting tentatively , and without unity , in the face of a mounting crisis .
One of the primary purposes of bankruptcy law is to give people a fresh start .
Is your marriage suffering because of financial pressure ?
A fresh start can help your marriage .
Do you lose sleep or get stressed out due to your financial situation ?
Bankruptcy can help you start over with a clean slate .
Christopher Kerney is a Sumner County bankruptcy attorney with more than 14 years of bankruptcy experience .
At our law firm , bankruptcy is all we do .
We have helped home builders and small businesses in Gallatin , Portland , Hendersonville , Lebanon and the surrounding area .
We have helped school teachers file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
We have helped building contractors file for Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
We can help you too .
Money ’s Hunger
Industrial civilisation is trashing the environment .
Should we try to reform it or just watch it go down ?
By George Monbiot , published in the Guardian 11th May 2010
Those who defend economic growth often argue that only rich countries can afford to protect the environment .
The bigger the economy , the more money will be available for stopping pollution , investing in new forms of energy , preserving wilderness .
Only the wealthy can live sustainably .
Anyone who has watched the emerging horror in the Gulf of Mexico in the past few days has cause to doubt this .
The world ’s richest country decided not to impose the rules that might have prevented the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , arguing that these would impede the pursuit of greater wealth ( 1 ) .
Economic growth , and the demand for oil it propelled , drove companies to drill in difficult and risky places .
But we need n’t rely on this event to dismiss the cornucopians ’ thesis as self - serving nonsense .
A new paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences calculates deforestation rates between 2000 and 2005 in the countries with the largest areas of forest cover ( 2 ) .
The nation with the lowest rate was the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
The nation with the highest , caused by a combination of logging and fire , was the United States .
Loss of forest cover there ( 6 % in five years ) was almost twice as fast as in Indonesia and ten times as fast as in the DRC .
Why ?
Because those poorer countries have less money to invest in opening up remote places and felling trees .
The wealthy nations are plundering not only their own resources .
The environmental disasters caused by the oil industry in Ecuador and Nigeria are not driven by Ecuadorian or Nigerian demand , but by the thirst for oil in richer nations .
Deforestation in Indonesia is driven by the rich world ’s demand for palm oil and timber , in Brazil by our hunger for timber and animal feed .
The Guardian ’s carbon calculator reveals that the UK has greatly underestimated the climate impacts of our consumption of stuff ( 3 ) .
The reason is that official figures do n’t count outsourced emissions : the greenhouse gases produced by other countries manufacturing goods for our markets .
Another recent paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that the UK imports a net 253 million tonnes of carbon dioxide , embodied in the goods it buys ( 4 ) .
When this is taken into account , we find that far from cutting emissions since 1990 , as the last government claimed , we have increased them ( 5 ) .
Money wrecks the environment .
So the Dark Mountain project , whose ideas are spreading rapidly through the environment movement , is worth examining .
It contends that “ capitalism has absorbed the greens ” ( 6 ) .
Instead of seeking to protect the natural world from the impact of humans , the project claims that environmentalists now work on “ sustaining human civilisation at the comfort level which the world ’s rich people – us – feel is their right . ” ( 7 )
Today ’s greens , it charges , seek to sustain the culture that knackers the planet , demanding only that we replace old , polluting technologies with new ones – wind farms , solar arrays , wave machines – that wreck even more of the world ’s wild places .
They have lost their feelings for nature , reducing the problem to an engineering challenge .
They ’ve forgotten that they are supposed to be defending the biosphere : instead they are trying to save industrial civilisation .
That task , Paul Kingsnorth , co-founder of Dark Mountain , believes , is futile : “ the civilisation we are a part of is hitting the buffers at full speed , and it is too late to stop it . ” ( 8 ) Nor can we bargain with it , as “ the economic system we rely upon cannot be tamed without collapsing , for it relies upon … growth in order to function . ”
Instead of trying to reduce the impacts of our civilisation , we should “ start thinking about how we are going to live through its fall , and what we can learn from its collapse … our task is to negotiate the coming descent as best we can , whilst creating new myths which put humanity in its proper place . ” ( 9 )
Though a fair bit of this takes aim at my writing and the ideas I champion , I recognise the truth in it .
Something has been lost along the way .
Among the charts and tables and technofixes , in the desperate search for green solutions that can work politically and economically , we have tended to forget the love of nature that drew us into all this .
But I cannot make the leap that Dark Mountain demands .
The first problem with its vision is that industrial civilisation is much more resilient than it proposes .
In the opening essay of the movement ’s first book , to be published this week , John Michael Greer proposes that conventional oil supplies peaked in 2005 , that gas will peak by 2030 and coal by 2040 ( 10 ) .
While I ’m prepared to believe that oil supplies might decline in the next few years , his coal prediction is hogwash .
Energy companies in the UK , as the latest ENDS report shows , are now beginning to deploy a technology which will greatly increase available reserves ( 11 ) .
Government figures suggest that underground coal gasification – injecting oxygen into coal seams and extracting the hydrogen and methane they release – can boost the UK ’s land - based coal reserves 70 - fold ( 12,13 ) ; and it opens up even more under the seabed .
There are vast untapped reserves of other fossil fuels – bitumen , oil shale , methane clathrates – that energy companies will turn to if the price is right .
Like all cultures , industrial civilisation will collapse at some point .
Resource depletion and climate change are likely causes .
But I do n’t believe it will happen soon : not in this century , perhaps not even in the next .
If it continues to rely on economic growth , if it does n’t reduce its reliance on primary resources , our civilisation will tank the biosphere before it goes down .
To sit back and wait for what the Dark Mountain people believe will be civilisation ’s imminent collapse , without trying to change the way it operates , is to conspire in the destruction of everything greens are supposed to value .
Nor do I accept their undiscriminating attack on industrial technologies .
There is a world of difference between the impact of windfarms and the impact of mining tar sands or drilling for oil : the turbines might spoil the view but , as the latest disaster shows , the effects of oil seep into the planet ’s every pore .
And unless environmentalists also seek to sustain the achievements of industrial civilisation – health , education , sanitation , nutrition – the field will be left to those who rightly wish to preserve them , but do n’t give a stuff about the impacts .
We can accept these benefits while rejecting perpetual growth .
We can embrace engineering , while rejecting many of the uses to which it is put .
We can defend healthcare , while attacking useless consumption .
This approach is boring , unromantic , uncertain of success , but a lot less ugly than the alternatives .
For all that , the debate this project has begun is worth having , which is why I ’ll be going to the Dark Mountain festival this month ( 14 ) .
There are no easy answers to the fix we ’re in .
But there are no easy non-answers either .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . Even now the US has failed to tighten up the regulations – http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/may/09/oil-spill-ecological-review-environment
2. Matthew C. Hansen , Stephen V. Stehman and Peter V. Potapov , 26th April 2010 .
Quantification of global gross forest cover loss .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . doi : 10.1073/pnas.0912668107 .
http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2010/04/07/0912668107.full.pdf+html?sid=5b769cf3-6222-4b4c-bcf0-365a786bca9b
3 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/interactive/2010/apr/21/national-carbon-calculator
4. Steven J. Davis and Ken Caldeira , 23rd March 2010 .
Consumption - based accounting of CO2 emissions .
doi : 10.1073/pnas.0906974107 .
You can read the abstract here : http://www.pnas.org/content/107/12/5687.abstract
But I had to pay $ 10 for the full paper .
5 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/blog/2010/may/05/labour-tories-carbon-calculator
6 . The Dark Mountain Project , 2009 .
Uncivilisation : the Dark Mountain manifesto .
Hard copy .
7. Paul Kingsnorth , 2010 .
Confessions of a recovering
Environmentalist .
Dark Mountain , Volume 1 .
Proof copy .
The Dark Mountain Project .
8. Paul Kingsnorth , 18th August 2009 .
Should We Seek to Save Industrial Civilisation ? : debate with George Monbiot .
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2009/08/18/should-we-seek-to-save-industrial-civilisation/
9. ibid .
10 . John Michael Greer , 2010 .
The falling years : an Inhumanist vision .
Dark Mountain , Volume 1 .
Proof copy .
The Dark Mountain Project .
11 . Environmental Data Services , April 2010 .
Interest grows in ‘ clean ’ sub -sea coal gasification .
http://www.endsreport.com/index.cfm?action=report.article&articleID=22309
Unfortunately you need a subscription to read it .
12 . Recoverable coal reserves , 2003 : 243 million short tons .
US Energy Information Administration , May 2006 .
Country analysis brief –
United Kingdom .
http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/cabs/United_Kingdom/Background.html
13 . Coal recoverable by UCG , 2004 :
“ UK coal resources suitable for deep seam UCG on land are estimated at 17 billion tonnes ( 300 years ’ supply at current consumption ) and this excludes at least a similar tonnage where the coal is unverifiable for UCG . ”
Department of Trade and Industry , October 2004 .
Review of the Feasibility of Underground Coal Gasification in the UK .
http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/tna/+/http://www.berr.gov.uk/files/file19143.pdf
14 .
http://www.eventelephant.com/uncivilisation
Related to : The Importance of Goodhart 's Law , Lucas Critique , Campbell 's Law
tl ; dr version :
The article introduces the pattern of Optimization by Proxy ( OBP ) , which can be found in many large scale distributed systems , including human societies .
The pattern occurs when a computationally limited algorithm uses a proxy property as a shortcut indicator for the presence of a hard to measure target quality .
When intelligent actors with different motivations control part of the data , the existence of the algorithm reifies the proxy into a separate attribute to be manipulated with the goal of altering the algorithm 's results .
This concept is then applied to Google and the many ways it interacts with the various groups of actors on the web .
The second part of this article contains examination of how OBP contributes towards the degrading of the content of the web , and how this relates to the Friendly Artificial Intelligence concept of ' paperclipping ' .
Introducing OBP
The first thing a newly - hatched herring gull does after breaking out of its shell is to peck on its mother ’s beak , which causes her to give it its first feeding .
Puzzled by this apparent automatic recognition of its mother , Dutch ethologist and ornithologist Nikolaas Tinbergen conducted a sequence of experiments designed to determine what precisely it was that the newborn herring gull was attracted to .
After experimenting with facsimiles of adult female herring gulls , he realized that the beak alone , without the bird , would elicit the response .
Through multiple further iterations he found that the characteristics that the newborns were attracted to were thinness , elongation , redness and an area with high contrast .
Thus , the birds would react much more intensely to a long red stick - like beak with painted stripes on the tip than they would to a real female herring gull .
It turns out that the chicks do n't have an ingrained definition of ' motherness ' but rather determine their initial actions by obeying very simple rules , and are liable to radically miss the mark in the presence of objects that are explicitly designed to the specification of these rules .
Objects of this class , able to dominate the attention of an animal away from the intended target were later called ‘ supernormal stimuli ’ ( or superstimuli ) and have been commonly observed in nature and our own human environment ever since .
Generalising the above example , we can say that Optimization by Proxy occurs when an algorithm substitutes the problem of measuring a hard to quantify attribute , with a usually co-occurring a proxy that is computationally efficient to measure .
A similar pattern appears when algorithms intended to make optimized selections over vast sets of candidates are applied on implicitly or explicitly social systems .
As long as the fundamental assumption that the proxy co-occurs with the desired property holds , the algorithm performs as intended , yielding results that to the untrained eye look like ‘ magic ’ .
Google ’s PageRank , in its original incarnation , aiming to optimize for page quality , does so indirectly , by data mining the link structure of the web .
As the web has grown , such algorithms , and their scalability characteristics , have helped search engines dominate navigation on the web over previously dominant human - curated directories .
When there is only a single party involved in the production , filtering , and consumption of results , or when the incentives of the relevant group of actors are aligned , such as in the herring gull case , the assumption of the algorithm remains stable and its results remain reliable .
Effect of Other Intelligent Actors
When however instances of the proxy are in the control of intelligent actors that can manipulate it , and stand to benefit from distorting the results of the algorithm , then the existence of the algorithm itself and the motive distortions it creates alter the results it produces .
In the case of PageRank , what we have is essentially Google acting as a singleton intermediary between two groups : content producers and consumers .
Its early results owe to the fact that the link structure it crawled was effectively an unintentional byproduct of the buildup of the web .
By bringing it to the attention of website owners as a distinct concept however , they have been incentivised to manipulate it separately , through techniques such as link farming , effectively making the altered websites act as supernormal stimuli for the algorithm .
In this sense , the act of observation and the computation and publication of results alters that which is being observed .
What follows is an arms race between the algorithm designers and the external agents , each trying to affect the algorithm ’s results in their own preferred direction , with the algorithm designers controlling the algorithm itself and malicious agents controlling part of the data it is applied on .
The above figure ( original Google drawing here ) may help visualise the issue .
Items that satisfy the proxy but not the target quality are called false positives .
Items possessing the target quality but not the proxy become false negatives .
What effectively happens when Optimization by Proxy is applied to a social system , is that malicious website owners locate the semantic gap between target quality and proxy , and aim to fit in the false positives of that mismatch .
The fundamental assumption here is that since the proxy is easier to compute , it is also easier to fake .
That this is not the case in NP - complete problems ( while no proof of P=NP exists ) may offer a glimmer of hope for the future , but current proxies are not of this class .
The result is that where proxy and target quality would naturally co-occur , the arrival of the algorithm , and the distortion it introduces to the incentive structure , make the proxy and the target quality more and more distinct by way of expanding the false positives set .
Faking it - A Bayesian View
We can obtain a little more insight by considering a simple Bayesian network representation of the situation .
A key guide to algorithm design is the identification of some measure that intuitively will be highly correlated with quality .
In terms of PageRank in its original incarnation , the reasoning is as follows .
High quality web sites will attract attention from peers who are also contributing related content .
This will “ cause ” them to link into the web site under consideration .
Hence if we measure the number of highly ranked web sites that link into it , this will provide us with an indication of the quality of that site .
The key feature is that the causal relationship is from the underlying quality ( relevance ) to the indicator that is actually being measured .
This simple model raises a number of issues with the use of proxies .
Firstly , one needs to be aware that it is not just a matter of designing a smart algorithm for quantifying the proxy .
One also needs to quantify the strength of association between the proxy and the underlying concept .
Secondly , unless the association is an extremely strong one , this makes use of the proxy a relatively “ lossy ” test for the underlying concept .
In addition , if one is going to use the proxy for decision - making , one needs some measure of confidence in the value assigned to the strength of the relationship – a second - order probability that reflects the level of experience and consistency of the evidence that has been used to determine the strength of the relationship .
Finally , and most critically , one needs to be aware of the consequences of performing inference in the reverse causal direction .
In modeling this as a Bayesian Network , we would use the conditional probability distribution p( PR | Q ) as a measure of the “ strength ” of the relationship between cause and proxy ( where “ PR ” is a random variable representing the value of PageRank , and “ Q ” is a random variable representing the value of the ( hidden ) cause , Quality ) .
Given a particular observation of PR , what we need to determine is p ( Q | PR ) – the distribution over Quality given our observation on the proxy .
This ( in our simple model ) can be determined through the application of Bayes ’ rule :
What this is reminding us of us that the prior probability distribution on Quality is a major factor in determining its posterior following an observation on the proxy .
In the case of social systems however , this prior is the very thing that is shifting .
Attempts to Counteract Optimization by Proxy
One approach by algorithm owners is to keep secret the operation of the algorithm , creating uncertainty over the effects of manipulation of the proxy .
This is effectively security by obscurity and can be counteracted by dedicated interrogation of the algorithm ’s results .
In the case of PageRank , a cottage industry has formed around Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) and Search Engine Marketing ( SEM ) , essentially aimed at improving a website ’s placing in search engine results , despite the secrecy of the algorithm ’s exact current operation .
While a distinction can be made between black - hat and white - hat practitioners , the fact remains that the existence of these techniques is a direct result of the existence of an algorithm that optimizes by proxy .
Another approach may be to use multiple proxies .
This however is equivalent to using a single complex proxy .
While manipulation becomes more difficult , it also becomes more profitable as less people will bother doing it .
As a response to the various distortions and manipulations , algorithms are enriched with heuristics to identify them .
This , as the arms race progresses , is hoped to converge to the point where the proxy approaches the original target more and more , and hence the external actors are forced to simulate the algorithm ’s target quality to the point where , to misquote Arthur C. Clarke , “ sufficiently advanced spam is indistinguishable from content ” .
This of course would hold only if processing power were not an issue .
However , if processing cost was not an issue , far more laborious algorithms could be used to evaluate the target attribute directly and if an algorithm could be made to describe the concept to the level that a human would be able to distinguish .
Optimization by Proxy , being a computational shortcut , is only useful when processing power or ability to define is limited .
In the case of the Web search , there is a natural asymmetry , with the manipulators able to spend many more machine - and man-hours to optimization of the result than the algorithm can spend judging the quality of any given item .
Thus , algorithm designers can only afford to tackle the most broadly - occurring and easily distinguishable forms of manipulation , while knowingly ignoring the more sophisticated or obscure ones .
On the other hand , the defenders of the algorithm always have the final judgment and the element of surprise on their side .
Up to this point , I have tried to more or less describe Optimization by Proxy and the results of applying it to social systems , and used Google an PageRank as a well known example for illustration purposes .
The rest of this article focuses more on the effect that Google has on the Web and applies this newly introduced concept to further the understanding of that situation .
The Downward Spiral : Industrializing OBP Exploitation
While Google can and does make adjustments and corrections to its algorithms , it can only catch manipulations that are themselves highly automated such as content scraping and link farms .
There have long been complaints about the ever increasing prevalence of made - for - adsense websites , affiliate marketers , and other classes of spam in search results .
These are a much harder nut to crack and comes back to the original limitations of the algorithm .
The idea behind made - for - adsense websites is that there is low quality human authored original content that is full of the appropriate keywords , and which serves adsense advertisements .
The goal is twofold :
First to draw traffic into the website by ranking highly for the relevant searches , and secondly to funnel as many of these visitors to the advertisers as possible , therefore maximising revenue .
Optimization by Proxy here can be seen occurring at least thrice :
First of all it is exploited as a way of gaining prevalence in search results using the above mentioned mechanisms .
Secondly , the fact that the users ' only relevance metric , other than search ranking , is the title and a short snippet , can mislead users into clicking through .
If the title is closely related to their search query , and the snippet seems relevant and mentions the right keywords , the users will trust this proxy when the actual quality of the content that awaits them on the other side is substandard .
Finally , advertisers will have their ads being placed on low quality websites that are selected by keyword , when perhaps they would not have preferred that their brand is related with borderline spam websites .
This triple occurrence of Optimization by Proxy creates a self - reinforcing cycle where the made - for - adsense website owners are rewarded with cold hard cash for their efforts .
What 's worse , this cash flow has been effectively subtracted from the potential gains of legitimate content producers .
One can say that the existence of Google search / adsense / adwords makes all this commerce possible in the first place , but this does not make the downward spiral of inefficiency disappear .
Adding to this the related scourge of affiliate marketers only accelerates the disintegration of quality results .
An interesting characteristic of this problem is that it targets less savvy users , as they are the most likely to make the most generic queries , be unable to distinguish a trusted from an untrusted source , and click on ads .
This means that those with the understanding of the underlying mechanics are actually largely shielded from realising the true extent of the problem .
Its effectiveness has inevitably led to an industrialisation of the technique , with content farms such as Demand Media which pays about $ 5 per article and expects its authors to research and produce 5 articles an hour ( ! ) .
It also pays film directors for short videos and has become by far the largest contributor to YouTube .
Its method relies on purchasing search logs from ISPs and data mining those and other data sets for profitable niche keywords to produce content on .
Demand Media is so wildly profitable that there is talk of an IPO , and it is obviously not the only player in this space .
No matter what improvements Google makes on their algorithm short of aggressively delisting such websites ( which it has n't been willing to do thus far ) , the algorithm is unable to distinguish between low quality and high quality material as previously discussed .
The result is crowding out of high quality websites in favour of producers of industrialised content that is designed to just barely evade the spam filters .
Conclusion
What we have seen is that a reliance on a less than accurate proxy has led to vast changes in the very structure and content of the web , even when the algorithms applied are less intelligent than a human and are constantly supervised and corrected by experts .
All this in my mind drives home the fundamental message of FAI .
While descriptions of FAI have thus far referred to thought experiments such as paperclipping , real examples , albeit in scale , are all around us .
In our example , the algorithm is getting supervised by at least four distinct groups of people ( Google , advertisers , content producers , consumers ) and still its effects are hard to contain due to the entangled incentives of the actors .
Its skewed value system is derailing the web contrary to the desires of most of the participants ( except for the manipulators , I guess ) .
For PageRank a positive is a positive whereas the difference between true and false positive is only apparent to us humans .
Beyond PageRank , I feel this pattern has applicability in many areas of everyday life , especially those related to large organizations , such as employers judging potential employees by the name of the university they attended , companies rewarding staff , especially in sales , with a productivity bonus , academic funding bodies allocating funds according to bibliometrics , or even LessWrong karma when seens as an authority metric .
Since my initial observation of this pattern I have been seeing it in more and more and now consider it one of my basic ' models ' , in the sense that Charlie Munger uses the term .
While I have more written material on this subject , especially on possible methods of counteracting this effect , I think this article has gone on way too long , and I 'd like to see the LessWrong community 's feedback before possibly proceeding .
This is a still developing concept in my mind and my principle motivation for posting it here is to solicit feedback .
Disclaimer : Large parts of the above material have been published at the recent Web Science ' 10 conference .
Also parts have been co-written with my PhD supervisor Prof. Paul Krause .
Especially the Bayesian section is essentially written by him .
I should also probably say that , contrary to what you might expect , Google is one of the technology companies I most respect .
Their success and principled application of technology has just happened to make them a fantastic example for the concept I am trying to communicate .
Update(s ) :
The number of updates has gotten a bit unwieldy , so I just collapsed them all here .
To summarize , there have been numerous changes throughout the article over the last few days as a response to the fantastic feedback throughout the comments here and elsewhere .
Beyond the added links at the top on prior statements of the same principle in other fields , here is also a very interesting article on the construction of spam , with a similar conclusion .
Also , I hear from the comments that the book Measuring and Managing Performance in Organizations touches on the same issue in the context of people 's behaviour in corporate environments .
Followup on the Web : Since I am keeping my ears on the ground , here I will try to maintain a list of articles and discussions that refer to this article .
I do n't necessarily agree with the contents , but I will keep them here for future reference .
During the crisis these indicators showed the stress in the credit markets and it is probably worth revisiting them now .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph from Bloomberg , based on data from the British Bankers ' Association , shows the three - month U.S. dollar London interbank offered rate , or Libor rose to 0.50 % on Friday .
This is an important rates since trillions of financial products worldwide are tied to the Libor - including many adjustable mortgages in the U.S .
The rate has increased recently , but it is still very low .
The TED spread has also risen recently and is now at 34.47 .
This is a 5 year graph to show the recent increase is very small compared to the huge increases during the worst of the crisis .
Note :
This is the difference between the interbank rate for three month loans and the three month Treasury .
The peak was 463 on Oct 10th and a normal spread is below 50 bps .
Here is the A2P2 spread from the Federal Reserve .
This is the spread between high and low quality 30 day nonfinancial commercial paper .
This has increased recently to 0.19 , but the spread is still very low .
The last graph shows the Merrill Lynch Corporate Master Index OAS ( Option adjusted spread ) for the last few years .
This is a broad index of investment grade corporate debt :
The Merrill Lynch US Corporate Index tracks the performance of US dollar denominated investment grade corporate debt publicly issued in the US domestic market .
This index has increased lately - but it still very low compared to the worst of the crisis .
So far we 've only seen slightly wider credit spreads and just a hint of stress .
Well , maybe not every day , but certainly every month .
That ’s right ladies and gents , we ’re talking about the environmental impact of feminine hygiene products : tampons , pads , the whole deal .
Now before I get into this topic I want to address the readers who might be cringing here .
While acknowledging that public discussion of menstruation is a bit on the taboo side socially , environmentally it does have an impact .
As such it needs to be discussed openly .
For something that happens to half of the human population , the whole process and associated products are treated with a bizarre amount of shame and secrecy .
Fact is , it ’s a big issue .
It ’s expensive economically , can have serious health effects and produces a lot of waste .
When it comes to environmental issues , pretending like it does n’t happen or does n’t have an environmental effect is a problem in and of itself .
So girls , and guys who know girls , this is important .
No snickering .
Pay attention .
Thank you .
Commercial tampons were introduced to the public in the US around the 1930’s .
Tampax was the first brand to be sold with an applicator in 1936 .
The basic design and concept has more or less stayed the same ever since .
The main selling points of the products revolved mainly around comfort , ease of movement and athleticism , discretion , coverage and absorbency .
For a brief period in the early nineties , the brand Tampax advertised their product as “ environmentally friendly ” urging women to “ think green ” by buying the brand with a biodegradable applicator .
But how “ green ” are these products , really ?
Environmentally , there are two main issues at stake : the impact of production , and the impact disposal .
A typical woman can use anywhere between 8,000 to 17,000 tampons in her lifetime .
This depends on individual usage of course .
I hate to sound cliche here , but every woman is different , and the numbers available are all over the map .
Think about it though , a handful of products a month , 12 months a year , for 30 to 40 years , multiplied by the female half of the population …
It really does add up .
According to the book Flow : The Cultural History of Menstruation , the average woman throws away up to 300 pounds of feminine hygiene related products in a lifetime .
In the grand scheme of things this makes up only about 0.5 percent of personal landfill waste .
But even so , when you see that there are alternative options available , it becomes difficult to rationalize .
In the United States alone , an estimated 12 billion pads and 7 billion tampons are disposed of annually .
Each of those tampons and pads has an environmental impact of the waste of not only the product itself , but the packaging , plastic or cardboard applicators , as well as the less visible costs of transportation and production .
The Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm carried out a life cycle assessment ( LCA ) comparison of the environmental impact of tampons and sanitary pads .
Their “ cradle to grave ” assessment of the raw material extraction , transportation , production , use and waste management stages took three main impact categories into consideration : human health , ecosystem quality and resource use .
They found that the main environmental impact of the products was in fact caused by the processing of raw materials , particularly LDPE ( low density polyethelene ) – or the plastics used in the backing of pads and tampon applicators , and cellulose production .
As production of these plastics requires a lot of energy and creates long lasting waste , the main impact from the life cycle of these products is fossil fuel use , though the waste produced is significant in its own right .
In a choice between pads and tampons , pads have more of an environmental impact due to their plastic components .
It ’s essentially the feminine hygiene version of “ paper or plastic ? ”
That is n’t to say that tampons do n’t also have a significant environmental impact .
The cotton fiber used in the production of tampons contributes 80 % of their total impact .
The processing is resource intensive as the farming of cotton requires large amounts of water , pesticides and fertilizer .
And while they do not last indefinitely , like the plastic liners used in pads , tampons still take about six months to biodegrade according to Liz Sutton of the Women ’s Environmental Network .
Really , it ’s the plastic applicators that are a problem .
In 2009 , The Ocean Conservancy ’s International Coastal Cleanup project collected 20,000 tampon applicators out of 4 million total pieces of reclaimed plastic waste .
It can take applicators 25 years to break down in the ocean .
Once they are broken down , they are often ingested by marine life causing digestion blockage and death .
I ’m going to say this once : do n’t flush the plastic applicators .
It even says right there in the directions not to flush the plastic applicators .
In fact , if it ’s an option – go ahead and throw the whole thing away rather than flushing .
The cotton is often the cause of plumbing problems at home ( around 70 % ) and at the treatment plant where they are removed as solid waste and sent to landfills anyway .
Some women are wary of tampons in general as all brands come tagged with warnings about TSS , or toxic shock syndrome , a rare but serious health condition which can occur in women who use super - absorbent or synthetic tampons .
There are other health precautions as well .
As I discussed in the food as an environmental issue post , health is an environmental issue , so these issues should n’t be overlooked .
The chlorine bleaching process that is used to make these products look “ cleaner ” or more sanitary produces dioxin , the toxin of Agent Orange and Love Canal fame , which builds up in the fat cells of our bodies over time .
Products that contain rayon also carry trace amounts of dioxin .
While the FDA and Health Canada both state that the health risk is negligible , Dr. Philip Tierno of New York University Medical Center says that while trace quantities of dioxin found in tampons are n’t in and of themselves the issue , it ’s the overall exposure and build up that the use of chlorine - bleached and rayon based tampons adds to that ’s the problem .
To avoid dioxin related health risks associated with tampons , switch to a brand that is non chlorine - bleached , rayon - free , and 100 % organic cotton , thus avoiding the insecticides , pesticides and herbicides that are used in the growing of non-organic cotton crops .
While organic cotton tampons may solve the issue of pesticides and bleach , they still inevitably cause waste .
Alternative Options
If you ’re really that convinced that you ca n’t go through life without tampons but still want to green your routine , cut back on a significant amount of trash by not using plastic applicators .
For that matter , why not skip applicators all together ?
You can also go organic as there are a number of options available to you .
In particular , check out 7th Generation , and Natracare
While it is true that tampons have less of an environmental impact than pads , there are other options .
The green favorite being , of course , the menstrual cup .
They provide the convenience of tampons without the waste , and a lot of women think they ’re pretty much the best option available today .
You insert them like a tampon , empty out as needed , and clean with soapy water .
They are reusable , contain no dioxin , no rayon , and are easy to maintain .
You can buy versions made out of natural latex or silicone .
They are not only the most eco-friendly but also the most affordable of all options on the market .
Check out the Keeper , the Moon Cup , or the Diva Cup .
For those who prefer external - use products , there are greener options for you too .
Reusable cloth pads , such as Luna Pads , and Glad Rags , are machine - washable fabric maxi pads .
They require some energy and water to clean , obviously , but they do save on overall resource use , avoid plastic production , and create minimal waste .
I know that changing habits like these is particularly difficult .
Marketing studies show that often women will buy the brand of tampons or pads their mothers used and rarely diversify .
But to those of us who know that there are more important elements to our consumer choices than brand loyalty , it ’s worth it to give the alternatives a try .
Vintage ads from Duke University Library Ad Access .
MYRTLE BEACH , S.C. , June 22 ( UPI ) --
Police in South Carolina said a man allegedly stabbed his roommate during an argument about how loud he was being during sex with a homeless woman .
Investigators said the 58 - year - old victim told them he had returned to his Myrtle Beach home to find his roommate , Russell Willis Shepherd Jr. , 40 , having loud sex with a homeless woman , the Myrtle Beach ( S.C. ) Sun News reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
The victim told police he waited outside of the apartment for a time before entering and confronting Shepherd .
He said an argument broke out and Shepherd stabbed him in the hand .
Shepherd was arrested and charged with second - degree assault and battery .
Several of Stephen Conroy ’s harshest critics have backed the idea that Julia Gillard should hand his Communications portfolio to fellow Labor Senator Kate Lundy in the event Gillard took the Prime Ministership this morning and conducted a cabinet re-shuffle .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd tonight acknowledged on national television that Gillard had challenged him for the Labor crown , with a leadership spill to be held this morning at 9AM .
Multiple reports — including Lundy herself , who will vote for Gillard — expect the deputy PM to win the vote .
It is not yet known which way Conroy will vote , although he is believed to be part of the ALP right faction which has been reported to have been instrumental in building support for Gillard within the party ranks .
Electronic Frontiers Australia chair Colin Jacobs — who has been engaged in a running battle with Conroy over the Government ’s controversial internet filter — said there was “ no question ” that Lundy understood the technology industry better than Conroy and had great relationships in the sector .
“ I personally would love to see a change in direction in the ministry , given what we have seen in the past few years , ” Jacobs said , noting particularly industry disapproval of the filter policy .
Lundy is currently pushing for modifications to be made to the policy that would allow Australians to either opt - in or opt - out of having their internet connections filtered at the ISP level .
“ The filter has dominated and totally tarnished Conroy ’s reputation when it comes to these issues , ” said Jacobs .
He noted also that Conroy ’s personal demeanour – including his “ tough parliamentary style ” had not made him the most popular person .
Internode engineer Mark Newton — also a notable Conroy critic — said “ without question ” , Lundy had more respect in the technology sector .
“ Conroy is a laughing stock in the IT world , ” he said .
“ You could put a pot plant in the ministry and get a better response . ”
In comparison , he said , Lundy had demonstrated a personal style that was “ a lot more nuanced ” and more consultative than Conroy .
Newton noted that Lundy had spent a lot of time in parliament working within committee structures .
“ You can see that in the way she has approached the filter censorship issue , ” he said .
Lundy has been vocal on the internet filter issue , but one question about the ACT senator would be how she would handle the National Broadband Network issue — one of the biggest tasks in the Communications Portfolio .
Jacobs noted that Conroy had achieved some breakthroughs in the NBN area recently — especially the $ 11 billion deal that brought Telstra into the NBN fold over the weekend .
Conroy ’s tough style might help in negotiating with powerful telcos like Telstra , he said — but ultimately the EFA chief said he would still back Lundy over Conroy in that area .
Newton said he believed the NBN was misplaced in the Communications portfolio in the first place .
“ The Rudd front bench has an infrastructure minister , and yet the largest infrastructure project in Australia ’s history is being looked after by a Communications Minister , ” he said , noting it might be worth creating a separate minister just to look after the NBN .
“ Give it to someone who can provide it with dedicated attention , ” Newton said .
“ If you leave it to a Communications Minister , they ’re going to be distracted with issues like internet censorship . ”
Rudd and Conroy have appeared to have a strong working relationship over the past few years , with Rudd backing his Communications Minister on issues ranging from the NBN to the internet filter and even about Google ’s inadvertent collection of payload data through Wi -Fi scanning by its Street View cars .
Less is known about Gillard ’s relationship with either Rudd or Conroy , or even Gillard ’s own attitude towards technology policy .
Jacobs noted that the ALP ’s right faction had , however , been instrumental in putting Gillard forward to challenge Rudd yesterday .
With Conroy being a member of the right faction , it would have to take some “ pretty crazy ” moves to see him losing his portfolio , the EFA chair noted .
Newton said it was a bit hard to say what Gillard ’s views on key issues such as the NBN and the filter might be — because he believed Gillard would have been fairly restricted in what she could say , as she had been under Kevin Rudd ’s shadow as his deputy for several years .
However , he noted that Rudd had kept his ministers very strongly under control , and flagged the potential for Gillard to allow her cabinet more leniency .
Although Newton and Jacobs were interviewed separately , both ultimately expressed frustration about the choices that party leaders have made in the communications portfolio .
“ I do n’t think Australia has ever in its history had a successful communications minister , ” said Newton .
“ As far back as I can remember , Australia has been poorly served by communications ministers , ” agreed Jacobs .
Image credit : Adam Carr , Creative Commons
DC’s
The Source blog has lately been showcasing some variant covers for upcoming comics , all in celebration of the company ’s 75th anniversary .
So , when a redone and recolored cover of the famous first issue cover for Green Lantern / Green Arrow , with the titular characters now Red Lantern and Red Arrow was offered completely without comment , most people assumed it was just another variant .
Last night ,
The Source revealed that the cover was actually one of a series , created for the season finale of the sci - fi show Fringe .
The covers each represent a direction that the DC editorial staff might have taken in an alternate universe ; a sort of opposite day revamp of a famous story .
Above , case in point : Superman : The Man of Steel Returns .
Does n’t quite have the same ring to it as Dark Knight Returns , does it ?
We ’ve got all the covers below , side - by - side with their alternate counterparts .
Original covers are on the left ; Fringe alternate covers are on the right .
Batman : The Dark Knight Returns : Frank Miller ’s seminal graphic novel .
The Crisis on Infinite Earths : the issue where Supergirl died .
The Death of Superman : one of the biggest events in DC history .
Justice League # 1 : Guy Gardner replaced with Jonah Hex .
Most readers probably would have been in favor of this at the time , even if Hex is from the wrong time period .
Green Lantern / Green Arrow # 76 : Kinda takes a new meaning after the whole Blackest Night Stuff .
All the alternate covers can be found in high resolutions at DC’s The Source .
( h/t Bleeding Cool . )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
God particle signal is simulated as sound
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Scientists have simulated the sounds set to be made by sub-atomic particles such as the Higgs boson when they are produced at the Large Hadron Collider .
Their aim is to develop a means for physicists at Cern to " listen to the data " and pick out the Higgs particle if and when they finally detect it .
Dr Lily Asquith modelled data from the giant Atlas experiment at the LHC .
She worked with sound engineers to convert data expected from collisions at the LHC into sounds .
" If the energy is close to you , you will hear a low pitch and if it 's further away you hear a higher pitch , " the particle physicist told BBC News .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" If it 's lots of energy it will be louder and if it 's just a bit of energy it will be quieter . "
The £ 6bn LHC machine on the Swiss - French border is designed to shed light on fundamental questions in physics .
It is housed in a 27 km - long circular tunnel , where thousands of magnets steer beams of proton particles around the vast " ring " .
At allotted points around the tunnel , the beams cross paths , smashing together near four massive " experiments " that monitor these collisions for interesting events .
Scientists are hoping that new sub-atomic particles will emerge , revealing insights into the nature of the cosmos .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Atlas is one of the experiments at the LHC .
An instrument inside Atlas called the calorimeter is used for measuring energy and is made up of seven concentric layers .
Each layer is represented by a note and their pitch is different depending on the amount of energy that is deposited in that layer .
The process of converting scientific data into sounds is called sonification .
Dr Asquith and her team have so far generated a number of simulations based on predictions of what might happen during collisions inside the LHC .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The team is only now feeding in real results from real experiments .
" When you are hearing what the sonifications do you really are hearing the data .
It 's true to the data , and it 's telling you something about the data that you could n't know in any other way , " said Archer Endrich , a software engineer working on the project .
The aim is to give physicists at the LHC another way to analyse their data .
The sonification team believes that ears are better suited than eyes to pick out the subtle changes that might indicate the detection of a new particle .
But Richard Dobson - a composer involved with the project - says he is struck at how musical the products of the collisions sound .
" We can hear clear structures in the sound , almost as if they had been composed .
They seem to tell a little story all to themselves .
They 're so dynamic and shifting all the time , it does sound like a lot of the music that you hear in contemporary composition , " he explained .
Although the project 's aim is to provide particle physicists with a new analysis tool , Archer Endrich believes that it may also enable us to eavesdrop on the harmonious background sound of the Universe .
He said he hoped the particle collisions at Cern would " reveal something new and something important about the nature of the Universe " .
And Mr Endrich says that those who have been involved in the project have felt something akin to a religious experience while listening to the sounds .
" You feel closer to the mystery of Nature which I think a lot of scientists do when they get deep into these matters , " he said .
" Its so intriguing and there 's so much mystery and so much to learn .
The deeper you go , the more of a pattern you find and it 's fascinating and it's uplifting . "
The Vancouver - based Fraser Institute is one of almost 40 climate - denial groups that have received funding linked to a U.S. conglomerate with oil interests , according to a report by Greenpeace USA .
The report , released today ( March 30 ) , shows that foundations controlled by Kansas - based Koch Industries contributed US $ 48.5 million to climate opposition groups from 1997 to 2008 .
Koch , which Greenpeace calls the second - largest privately - held corporation in the U.S. , is involved in petroleum refining , crude oil supply , petrochemicals marketing , and commodities trading , among other areas .
The report — Koch Industries : Secretly Funding the Climate Denial Machine — argues that the little - known company has become “ a financial kingpin of climate science denial and clean energy opposition ” .
“ ExxonMobil has responded to public scrutiny by slightly reducing their support of climate denial , and Koch Industries is outpacing ExxonMobil ’s funding activities while drawing very little public attention , ” the report states .
According to the report , the Fraser Institute received US $ 175,000 from Koch foundations between 2005 and 2008 .
“ The Fraser Institute publishes in - depth critiques of climate science , including a 110 - page report attacking the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s Fourth Assessment report , ” the Greenpeace report states .
“ They also offer lesson plans and educational materials designed to encourage children to be skeptical of mainstream climate science . ”
Since 2005 , more than US $ 5 million has gone to Americans for Prosperity , a conservative political advocacy group , and over US $ 1 million went to the Cato Institute , a libertarian think - tank that has been criticized for its stance on global warming .
“ On repeated occasions documented below , organizations funded by Koch foundations have led the assault on climate science and scientists , ” ˜green jobs , ’ renewable energy and climate policy progress , ” the report says .
The report also notes that , since the 2006 election cycle , Koch ’s political action committee has made more contributions to federal candidates than any other oil - and - gas - sector PAC .
Greenpeace says
Koch ’s environmental record is n’t exactly clean either .
As noted in the report , the company was fined US $ 30 million by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 2000 for its role in 300 oil spills in Texas and five other states .
In 2009 , the U.S. Justice Department and EPA announced a Koch subsidiary would pay a US $ 1.7 - million penalty and spend US$ 500 million to fix environmental violations at facilities in seven states .
The Greenpeace report goes on to document five case studies outlining how organizations funded by Koch were involved in spreading misinformation about climate change and the environment .
“ At least twenty Koch - funded organizations have repeatedly rebroadcast , referenced and appeared as media spokespeople in the story , dubbed ” ˜ClimateGate , ’ of supposed malfeasance by climate scientists gleaned from a cache of stolen emails from the University of East Anglia in November 2009 , ” the report says of one case study .
“ These organizations claim the emails prove a ” ˜conspiracy ’ of scientists and casts doubt on the scientific consensus regarding climate change . ”
Koch has responded to the report , sending a statement to AFP .
“ Koch companies have consistently found innovative and cost - effective ways to ensure sound environmental stewardship and further reduce waste and emissions of greenhouse gases associated with their operations and products , ” read the statement sent to the news agency by spokesperson Melissa Cohlmia .
“ Based on this experience , we support open , science - based dialogue about climate change and the likely effects of proposed energy policies on the global economy , ” the statement added .
PHOENIX -- Suns guard Steve Nash will undergo surgery to repair a broken nose and displaced cartilage he suffered in Sunday night 's conference finals win over the Lakers in Phoenix .
Nash practiced with the team Monday before leaving to have the nose put back in place .
The Suns ' ear , nose and throat physician , Dr. Ryan Rehl , was to perform the procedure .
Nash said he did n't expect it to be a problem in Game 4 of the Western Conference finals .
Nash suffered the injury in a collision with Derek Fisher in the fourth quarter of the 118-109 victory , as the Suns cut the Lakers ' series lead to 2 - 1 .
Nash finished with 17 points and 15 assists in 38 minutes , scoring six points in the final three minutes .
The 36 - year - old could be seen on television trying to slide his nose back into place during the game .
" I was trying to move it while it was still fresh , " he said .
" I know that once it sets it 's harder . "
It 's the second straight playoff series Nash has taken a significant blow to the face , after an elbow from Tim Duncan in the second - round finale of the Suns ' sweep of the Spurs left him with a black and swollen - shut right eye .
" It seems to happen to him , " Suns coach Alvin Gentry said .
" He just shrugs his shoulders and moves on . "
Nash said he had broken his nose " a handful " of times and was n't planning to wear any protective gear or Manu Ginobili - style tape job on Tuesday , when the Suns host the Lakers again at 9 p.m. ET .
" I 'm lucky .
I 've had a couple bumps or bruises that have n't affected my play , " Nash said .
" Those do n't bother you .
It 's the ones that limit you that you hope you do n't have to face . "
Lakers coach Phil Jackson was asked if he thought the injury would affect Nash 's performance .
" This guy 's gone through a lot of stuff the last two or three years in the playoffs .
I do n't think it 's going to bother him , " Jackson said .
" On second thought , Ginobili , it really curtailed his game .
I thought his game really tailed off after the broken nose , so it 's probably an individual thing . "
Nash is Canadian , and he joked after his eye injury that his hockey - loving friends make fun of what a soft sport basketball is .
" I think we would have been surprised if he would have gone out of the game , " Nash 's teammate Grant Hill said .
" He 's fine .
No Friday the 13th mask , no Rip Hamilton mask , no Ginobili tape .
He 'll be ready to go , so it was n't that bad . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
This post is for the children in our lives .
It ’s from Present Moment , Wonderful Moment : Mindfulness Verses for Daily Living by Thich Nhat Hanh .
The verses in this book , called gathas , can be a wonderful , skillful means for bringing mindfulness to our daily lives , our activities , and our relationships with others .
The gatha below is a simple “ hugging meditation . ”
May this simple practice bring you closer to your children , and them closer to you .
In loving , mindful embrace , may you feel that which was not born , will not die , and will never be lost .
Hugging Meditation
Thich Nhat Hanh
Breathing in , I am so happy to hug my child .
Breathing out , I know she is alive and real in my arms .
Suppose a lovely child comes and presents herself to us .
If we are not really there — if we are thinking of the past , worrying about the future , or possessed by anger or fear — the child , though present , will not exist for us .
She is like a ghost , and we are like a ghost also .
If we want to meet the child , we have to go back to the present moment in order to meet her .
If we want to hug her , it is in the present moment that we can hug her .
So we breathe consciously , uniting body and mind , making ourselves into a real person again .
When we become a real person , the child becomes real also .
She is a wondrous presence , and the encounter with life is possible at that moment .
If we hold her in our arms and continue to breathe , life is .
This gatha can help us to remember the preciousness of our loved one as we hold him or her in our arms .
Related :
Seeding the Heart : Loving - kindness Practice with Children
( click to download PDF )
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
The fourth Pirates of the Caribbean film is to be made in 3D , according to reports from the US .
Disney are planning to shoot the movie in the format rather than converting it at a later stage , Variety says .
The film , subtitled On Stranger Tides , will see Johnny Depp reprise his role as Captain Jack Sparrow and is due for release in May 2011 .
Disney recently scored a box office success with Alice in Wonderland , which was available in 3D .
The availability of the format helped to boost the film 's cinema takings .
Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , another Disney film which is due for UK release on Friday , has remained in the conventional format .
It was filmed in 2008 and did not undergo a post - production conversion into 3D .
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - The Canadian dollar briefly pushed above parity with the greenback on Tuesday for the first time since July 2008 , but slipped back to end the day just below the one - for - one level .
Powered by rising commodity prices and an economic rebound that investors expect will soon trigger interest rate hikes , the Canadian dollar climbed as high as C$ 0.9988 to the U.S. dollar , or US $ 1.0012 , after firmer economic data helped fuel investor demand for commodity - linked currencies .
The currency finished at C$ 1.0012 to the U.S. dollar , or 99.88 U.S. cents , up from Monday ’s finish at C$ 1.0028 to the U.S. dollar , or 99.72 U.S. cents .
The currency has risen more than 5 percent against the U.S. dollar so far this year after gaining almost 16 percent in 2009 .
The currency ’s rise has been supported by Canada ’s healthy fundamentals relative to the United States and other struggling Western economies , as well as by the improving global economic outlook .
All these factors suggest the currency ’s strength may be more sustainable than when it last traded at par with the greenback about 20 months ago , said George Davis , chief technical strategist at RBC Capital Markets .
“ The backdrop is basically pointing to a market that is looking for growth and expansion in terms of the economic cycle .
That backdrop is lending itself very well to the Canadian dollar , ” Davis said .
“ We ’ve had , on balance , stronger than expected economic data here in Canada , especially when we look at GDP , retail sales and employment , and that has a lot of people in the market more convinced that the Bank of Canada is going to act ahead of the ( U.S. Federal Reserve ) in terms of raising interest rates . ”
CONDITIONAL RATE PLEDGE TO EXPIRE
The Bank of Canada has made a conditional pledge to hold its key interest rate at a record low of 0.25 percent until the end of June , provided inflation stays tame .
But market players have begun to price in an earlier rate hike as the economy heats up after the recession .
Yields on overnight index swaps , which trade based on expectations for the Bank of Canada ’s key policy rate , suggest rates will have risen by at least 25 basis points by July .
The currency ’s march higher intensified around the release of Canada ’s February employment data on March 12 and bond yields rose on expectations of rate hikes , Davis said .
Canadian money market yields were slightly lower on Tuesday .
“ The bond market is flat today .
It really has n’t reacted to the currency , ” said Sheldon Dong , a fixed income analyst at TD Waterhouse Private Investment .
“ The rate hike expectations have been baked into the market .
Technical trends have been indicating the Canadian dollar would be hitting parity .
That ’s already been built in .
There ’s just no fresh news . ”
Canadian bonds mostly underperformed their U.S. counterparts , with the 10 - year yield narrowing to 27 basis points from around 32 basis points on Monday .
Market watchers said last week ’s U.S. payrolls data was an added boost to an already positive economic backdrop .
The report on Friday showed employers in the United States , Canada ’s largest trading partner , created jobs in March at the fastest rate in three years as private firms stepped up hiring .
That also followed stronger Canadian gross domestic product data for January .
Strategists will now turn their gaze to Canadian employment data for March , which is due on Friday .
“ ( The currency has ) been heading toward parity for weeks and it was inevitable .
There ’s no surprise , ” said Jon Gencher , director of foreign exchange sales at BMO Capital Markets .
“ This time seems to be a more of a sustainable move .
I think for the next little while , we are certainly going to hover around parity , ” he added .
HOW HIGH CAN IT GO ?
The Canadian dollar reached parity with the greenback in 2007 , for the first time since the 1970s , climbing to a modern - day high of US $ 1.1039 that November .
It last traded at par with the greenback on July 22 , 2008 , weakening as investors flocked to the safe haven of the U.S. dollar during the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
But it likely wo n’t rise as high as the November 2007 level , said Davis , who sees it peaking at US $ 1.03 .
There were several unique factors related the currency ’s ascent in 2007 , he added .
“ There were a lot of M&A flows that were working their way through the market and that was propping up the Canadian dollar .
That I think caused an overshoot .
I do n’t think we have similar factors in place at this point in time , ” Davis said .
The Canadian currency could also face several headwinds as the Fed begins raising U.S. interest rates , possibly in the last quarter of 2010 or the first quarter of next year , he added , drawing investors to the greenback .
Steve Butler , director of foreign exchange trading at Scotia Capital , said the currency ’s rise might not keep pace with tighter monetary policy .
“ Quite often you see that , once the rate hikes start , the currency does n’t keep up with the interest rate hikes .
That may be the bubble that bursts , ” he said , adding that he sees the currency peaking anywhere between US $ 1.05 and US$ 1.06 .
“ It ’s going to be a slow and steady grind rather than an accelerated move from these levels . ”
In Santa Cruz , Calif. , volunteers will re-enact every word and movement in the famous courtroom scene .
In Monroeville , Ala. , residents dressed in 1930s garb will read aloud from memorable passages .
In Rhinebeck , N.Y. , Oblong Books will host a party with Mocktails and recorded music by the indie band the Boo Radleys .
All summer “ To Kill a Mockingbird ” will be relived through at least 50 events around the country , in honor of the 50th anniversary of the publication of a book that became a cultural touchstone and an enduring staple of high school reading programs .
Its publisher , HarperCollins , is trying to tap into what appears to be a near - endless reserve of affection for the book by helping to organize parties , movie screenings , readings and scholarly discussions .
The publisher has recruited Tom Brokaw and other authors to take part by reading from the novel — which tells the story of a small - town lawyer , Atticus Finch , who defends a black man accused of rape , and his family — in their hometowns .
Of course , there is also the hope that the events , which are scheduled to run through Sept. 22 , will drum up more sales of the book .
HarperCollins plans to issue four new editions of the novel next month , each with a different cover and all to be placed on special “ Mockingbird ” - themed floor displays in bookstores .
Students streamed out of east Denver ’s Florida Pitt Waller K - 8 school Thursday and flanked the playground , shouting to friends and warming up for a school first : a four - square tournament .
It ’s a playground staple these kids elevate to a whole new level .
“ This is n’t your grandma ’s four square , ” said Peggy Obert , the school ’s librarian .
“ This is killer four square . ”
Music pumped in the background as parents and teachers looked on .
Students executed four - square moves dubbed “ cherry bombs , ” “ cheapos ” and “ the butterfly . ”
Players scored points with individual moves like “ The Eagle ’s Shadow ” or “ The Dashing Pronghorn . ”
The event was the brainchild of Florida Pitt Waller staff member John Graves , who came to the school a few years ago and started a twice - weekly four - square club .
Graves paused between giving instructions to students and suggestions to videographers .
He ticked off a list of the sport ’s benefits .
“ Anybody can play .
It does n’t cost anything .
It ’s aggressive but not physical , and it ’s self - governing , ” Graves said .
Self - governing , because students awaiting their turn on the field of four act as referees .
That fosters fairness , Graves said .
The club and tournament drew students of all ages and from diverse backgrounds , creating a sense of community among the players , Graves said .
But that ’s not what drew seventh - grader Mohammed York .
“ It ’s what ’s in , and we are all about what ’s in , ” Mohammed said .
Before the games kicked off , Graves handed out medals with the club ’s official four - square symbol — a playground ball with trailing flames — to participants .
Their eyes sparked as they proudly donned the dog - tag - style necklaces .
Students had sent handwritten letters to Colorado politicians , local sports stars and even Oprah Winfrey inviting them to the event .
A return letter from Sen. Michael Bennet , blown up to poster size , hung from one window .
Local merchants and organizations came too .
A Boy Scout leader fielded questions from parents , someone sold Chinese food , and Kilgore Used Books and Comics handed out free comics to the kids .
“ That ’s some good four square right there , ” said Dan Stafford , Kilgore owner , as he nodded in appreciation .
At the end of the game , one student earned bragging rights as four - square champion , but that ’s not the point , Graves said .
He turned to sixth - grader Jordan Stauduhar for the true meaning of the day .
“ It ’s about having fun , ” Stauduhar said with a smile .
Heather McWilliams : 303-954-1698 or hmcwilliams@denverpost.com
Because I am a feminist economist , I am hypersensitive to differences in women ’s and men ’s economic circumstances .
Women earn less , work in jobs with less prestige and few ( if any ) benefits , and do far more of society ’s unpaid work .
These are not new realities .
One is , however , hard - pressed to find discussions of economic policy that place women ’s disadvantage at the center .
Feminist economists understand how important it is to challenge the assumptions , and hence , the conclusions , of mainstream economics .
The economics that makes its way into the public realm consistently misrepresents the best interests of ordinary folks in their multiple roles as workers , consumers and citizens .
Economics as we know it , and as it is taught in countless undergraduate courses , is little more than an apology for the status quo .
Textbook economics , replete with supply and demand models demonstrating the market ’s natural tendency to correct shortages or surpluses , does n’t take the topic of " disadvantage " seriously .
In textbook economics , markets are markets .
Competition is competition .
And any economic system that encourages competition in markets will , by the very rules baked into the exercise , produce economic outcomes that duly reflect the wishes of the people .
Your income is too low ?
Well , retrain for a job in a higher paying field .
Your neighborhood is decaying ?
Just save more so you can move .
The roads and bridges on which you drive are crumbling ?
Sell them to the highest bidder and let the private owner charge tolls to cover the upkeep .
No problem is too large or too complicated that a good dose of market competition wo n’t fix it .
In short , there is no such thing as " disadvantage . "
There are only individual bad choices .
The spectacular failure of the financial sector with the attendant loss of some 20 odd million full time jobs should reveal -- even to free market economists -- major flaws in this way of thinking .
But an intellectual bankruptcy rules the system , as demonstrated by critiques of every aspect of the theory -- its assumptions , claimed links of causation and the failure to match up with historical experience .
My experience as a feminist economist means that I vigilantly watch for intellectual sleights of hand that present the interests of the rich and powerful as the interests of us all .
When bankers , corporate executives and their minions unite behind purported economic truths , I challenge their arguments , their logic and their appeals to the so - called " laws of the market . "
By looking behind and around standard economic narratives I can construct alternative stores connected to the real world , the actual historical record , and perhaps most importantly , the questions that are not being asked – many of which , it so happens , have to do with women .
There is little in economics that is " gender neutral . "
Taxes Are More Taxing for Working Women
Feminist economists have contributed their share to the volumes critical of mainstream economics .
One of our key findings is that even a topic as seemingly " gender neutral " as taxes is loaded with implications for women ’s economic well being .
When we go shopping , cashiers include sales taxes regardless of our sex .
Tax assessors do not value houses differently for female and male homeowners .
Income tax forms do not come in pink and blue .
All employees pay 6.2 percent of eligible earnings into the Social Security trust fund and all employers match that 6.2 percent .
While tax rates may look gender neutral , I know that they are not .
Taxes are a feminist issue .
While the hot button political catch phrase , " no new taxes , " may sound like a good idea , the reality is otherwise .
That ’s because the taxes that politicians pledge not to raise are precisely the taxes that are least relevant to women ’s burden of taxation .
You will be much more likely to see the gender dimensions of an economic issue if you focus on ratios rather than the pure numbers .
If , for example , the evening news reported on gender differences in tax payments , they ’d likely tell us that men , on average , pay more in taxes than do women ( on average ) .
Facts and figures describing the economy are almost always more meaningful when we have information on both the numerator and the denominator .
In the preceding example , the raw number " dollars paid in taxes " is the numerator .
But if taxes paid are put in relation to income earned ( the denominator ) we will realize that because women still earn 80 cents for every dollar earned by men , women pay a greater share of their income in taxes .
For me , thinking about taxes in terms of tax burdens -- who pays how much of their income in each type of tax -- is necessary to cut through the political brou - ha - ha about the virtues of tax cutting .
Politicians , pundits , and professors generally ignore the way tax cuts impact the well being of different income groups .
Doing this allows them to create the false impression that reducing taxes benefits women as well as men .
Not so .
Understanding women ’s relationship to the U.S. tax system is critical to any advocacy work on behalf of economic equality .
Not only are there many types of taxes , the various levels of government — federal , state and local — impose different taxes on different goods and services .
The broad categories of taxes include sales ( and excise ) taxes , income taxes , payroll taxes and property taxes .
Sales taxes , payroll taxes and property taxes are regressive .
This means that as incomes rise , less is paid in each of these types of taxes .
The tax burden shifts downward , the well - to - do pay less , and the folks lower down the income ladder pay more .
As a result , women — who earn less than men — pay a greater share of their income in sales , property and payroll taxes .
Because income taxes are progressive , the incidence of taxation rises as income rises .
Because women earn less than men , federal and state income taxes help correct gender differences in wage income .
Sales and property taxes , which are levied by state or local governments , are regressive .
But , these are not the most regressive taxes : this honor goes to payroll taxes .
Earning Less , Paying More
Every time a worker gets paid , the number at the top of the check -- gross earnings -- is larger , often much larger , than the actual amount that can be deposited in the bank -- the net earnings .
Some payroll deductions have little to do with taxes , such as pension or health care contributions .
But for most women in the U.S. , the lioness ’ share of monies deducted from each paycheck goes to contributions to Social Security and Medicare .
In fact , the amounts a woman pays annually into Social Security and Medicare are likely to exceed any income tax owed to the federal government .
For every $ 1,000 the typical woman earns in wages , her employer withholds $ 62 as the woman ’s contribution to Social Security ( 6.2 percent ) .
Her employer ’s share of Social Security contributions is also 6.2 percent , so another $ 62 is credited to her Social Security account .
All wage and salary income , up to $ 97,500 , is subject to Social Security taxes .
Every dollar earned above $ 97,500 ( keep dreaming , honey ) is exempt from Social Security withholding .
That ’s why this tax is so regressive .
If a woman ’s annual earnings are $ 195,000 , and Social Security is withheld from only the first $ 97,500 then the second $ 97,500 earned is tax free — at least relative to the Social Security tax .
Since men , on average , earn more per year than women , and are more likely to earn more than $ 97,500 per year , men pay less — as a share of their income — into Social Security .
They , therefore , have more to spend and save as a share of their earnings .
Adding insult to injury , studies by such noted think tanks as The Urban Institute estimate that employers do n’t actually pay 6.2 percent of employees ’ earnings .
Instead , they shift this cost by holding down wages and salaries .
This means that everyone who earns less than $ 97,500 is likely paying the full 12.4 percent of Social Security withholding .
Almost two - thirds of all taxpayers in the U.S. pay more in payroll ( Social Security ) taxes than they do in income taxes .
Virtually all the tax cuts approved by Congress in the last 30 years have been income tax cuts , and the largest such cuts have gone to the top 5 percent of earners -- those folks lucky enough to live in households with average incomes exceeding $ 172,000 per year .
Very few women earn this much in a year .
Social Security is definitely important to women .
For 80 percent or more of women over 65 , Social Security constitutes all of their income .
To be gender - equitable , the way the government finances Social Security needs to be changed .
A critically important progressive reform would make all income -- including those hedge fund bonuses out in the stratosphere -- subject to Social Security withholding .
Thinking like a feminist economist , reveals this stark conclusion : Women in the United States do not need more " tax cuts . "
What all of us need is a shift away from taxes on work ( payroll taxes ) and a significant increase in the taxes on the highest income earners — virtually all of whom are men .
A similar gender analysis can be applied to every tax issue and almost every policy issue that the country faces .
But , unveiling the gender dimensions of our economic problems and the variously proposed solutions requires a rejection of a standard , gender blind analyses , and to do this , we dig below a seemingly gender neutral surface .
Thinking like a feminist economist , it turns out , can be an exceedingly valuable tool for the most critical public decisions in the U.S. and across the globe today .
--
Susan F. Feiner is Professor of Women 's and Gender Studies and Professor of Economics at the University of Southern Maine .
She is one of the founding scholars in the field of feminist economics and the author of the award - winning Liberating Economics : Feminist Perspectives on Families , Work and Globalization ( with Professor D. Barker , University of Michigan Press , 2004 ) .
She has written for Women 's Enews , Dollars & Sense and The Women 's Review of Books .
Over the years she has written about gender and race bias in economics education , U.S. economic history , psychoanalysis and economics , and religion and economics , and teaches courses on gender and economics , feminism and Marxism , political economy , among others .
Suburban growth lagged from July 2008 to July 2009 , another indication of how the recession and housing bust have kept people trapped in place , according to an analysis of Census data by Brookings Institution demographer William Frey .
“ There has been a widespread slowdown in suburban growth especially since mid decade , ” says Mr. Frey .
According to Frey ’s analysis , between July 2008 and July 2009 , 27 of the the 52 biggest metro areas saw their suburbs grow slower than in the year - earlier period , and 33 slowed down from the torrid growth in 2004 - 2005 , when the housing boom was in full swing .
The slowdown was especially stark in cities hit hardest by the housing bust , including Phoenix , Las Vegas and Orlando .
( See a sortable chart of city growth )
In 2008 - 2009 , 13 metro areas — including Chicago , Seattle , Washington DC , Denver and Charlotte — saw their core city area grow faster than the suburbs , up from 6 in 2004 - 2005 .
Of course , none of this means that cities are poised to gain on the suburbs long - term .
Most of America lives and works in the suburbs ( Chicago ’s suburbs are home to 6.4 million people , twice as many as the core city ) so once the job market and home prices stabilize , suburban growth is likely to follow .
Continue reading for a chart sortable by city and suburban populations , as well as growth rates .
A negative value for suburb minus city means that the city is growing faster than the suburb , a positive value means the suburb is growing faster .
Both emerged from nowhere , became darlings of the right and proceeded to go on devastating media tours which revealed exactly how extreme their views were , and how unprepared they both seemed for national office .
But the similarities do n't stop there .
Kentucky Senate candidate Rand Paul canceled an appearance on Meet the Press tomorrow , after a week filled with gaffes that revealed unorthodox positions on civil rights ( anti ) and BP ( pro ) .
It 's a move straight out of Sarah Palin 's playbook .
Or Rand Paul 's playbook .
Because they 're the same playbook really , and the same figure .
They both have bizarre and culty associations :
Palin was associated with an extremist Christian church , the Wasilla Assembly of God , where a Kenyan pastor , Thomas Muthee , cast evil spirits from her .
She appears at around 7.20 :
Paul , meanwhile , is being held to account for his strange belief in absolutely discredited conspiracy theories — among them his view that Canada and Mexico are plotting a single North American currency , the Amero , and a superhighway that will make the continent into a superstate and remove American sovereignty .
They both use the dog whistle :
Sarah Palin cannot directly call her supporters to arms , and encourage them to commit violence .
But she has hit upon various dog - whistle tactics that hint at her approval for such measures .
Her new catchphrase is " do n't retreat — RELOAD ! "
She has said that it is " a call for political activism , not violence , " and that the ' Lamestream media ' is twisting her words .
Paul , meanwhile , has said that he would not want the government to enforce civil rights legislation that prevents business owners discriminating on the grounds of race .
It is debatable whether this is rooted in anti-government or racist sentiment .
But there 's a convincing argument for the latter here .
They both see enquiry as attack :
You cannot question Sarah Palin .
It is sexist and / or partisan to do so .
You cannot question Rand Paul , because that counts as an " attempt to vilify us for partisan reasons . "
Which is why both , after their disastrous introductions to honest enquiry , now shy away from it .
Palin has not been near a genuine journalist since the 2008 campaign .
Paul is canceling a planned media tour , citing " fatigue " , for fear he 'll be asked actual questions about his positions , which he will then have to answer honestly .
They are the great white hopes of the extreme right :
The sad truth is that a Palin / Paul ticket would garner considerable , very vocal and probably illiterate support from a significant group of Americans .
They 're young .
They 're ( relatively ) attractive .
They provide an anger sink for the disaffected millions seeking someone , anyone , to blame for their woes .
Whether such a ticket is remotely feasible depends entirely on whether they can hide their extreme views , dog whistle to their supporters without getting caught and avoid any actual questions on their qualifications .
British
No 1 believes he can now deal with grand slams as he faces Tomas Berdych for a place in French Open quarter - finals
When Andy Murray walks out on the red dirt of Roland Garros today to confront the Czech Tomas Berdych en route to the quarter - finals , he will move one step closer to where he really wants to be : on the sunlit grass of Wimbledon five weeks from now .
It is a weekend that could be the highlight of the British sporting summer .
If England are in the quarter - finals of the World Cup that Saturday and Andrew Strauss 's cricketers have continued their renaissance convincingly enough to beat Australia at Lord 's in a one - day international on the same afternoon , Murray would hope to find himself on a tidal wave of optimism going into the men 's final on Sunday 4 July .
As for the mountainous attention given to football generally and the World Cup in particular , Murray said this month that such obsession will " probably make it a little bit easier " for him to concentrate on his grand mission .
He can be sure that if he achieves what no Briton has achieved since 1938 , he will for a moment at least put his sport a notch above the God Football .
This , anyway , is the dream scenario for him .
" What 's changed with my results in the slams , " Murray said last night , " is learning how to deal with difficult situations without panic .
I have found ways to come through . "
That he has .
Getting the nation to grip the edge of their seats seems to be part of the formula as he wrestles with the internal fragility of his own game , not to mention a chronically suspect right knee and the angst he seems incapable of performing without .
Murray is a one - man episode of Frasier .
While the fourth seed and British No1 still has legitimate ambitions here , realistically he will do well to reach the semi-finals of an absorbing French Open , where Roger Federer , almost certainly , will stand between him ( or anyone else ) and the most unlikely of triumphs in a tournament still containing the peerless Rafa Nadal .
Murray will start as favourite today against Berdych to move into the second week of the tournament for a second year running , which would bring him a quarter - final against either Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , the temperamental and physically struggling eighth seed , or the Russian Mikhail Youzhny .
The Scot – who has endured an agonising five - setter against Richard Gasquet , a second - round encounter with the awkward Juan Ignacio Chela stretched over two evenings then a mid-match collapse before beating the tough Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis – would fancy his chances against either Tsonga or Youzhny .
Berdych , for one , is an admirer of the Scot .
" He 's really strong , especially mentally , " he said after getting through to the final 16 .
" He moves well on court , he can read the game of his opponent very well .
He 's a really smart player , who can find your weak spots .
" He can also change the rhythm of the game , do something different .
Then , when he 's a little bit down , he can bring really big serves .
And he likes really long , hard matches . "
What encourages Murray in his conviction that he is nearing a stage of his career that offers the highest rewards ( as opposed to fleeting , teasing hints at them ) is his consistent ability to be a contender .
Like a hungry prizefighter angling for a title shot , Murray reckons his day cannot be far away .
He is also the most astute critic of his own game .
He said : " When you go two sets down against a guy like Gasquet , it 's very difficult , mentally and physically , to get back in the match .
But , if you feel like you have put the work in , you have a chance .
" Also , having variety in your game helps as well .
If you can change the way you are playing , play different shots , bring your opponent to the net , or come to the net yourself , or hit the ball flat , or with heavier top spin , those things definitely help .
I always had the variety I just did n't know how to use it that well – but , in the last couple of years , I 've learned to use it better . "
Against Baghdatis , for instance , Murray employed subtle use of defensive strokes from way behind the baseline , looping long , softer forehands to an opponent he could sense was desperate to get to the net the deeper into the match they went .
Murray does not lack for patience .
What excites his critics is his apparent reluctance to move out of that seemingly inert mode of passivity , where he gives the impression of doubting his own gifts .
He recognises the dilemma , which is why he used his exit game in Doha to experiment with a few daring passages of play , a tactic which brought no little opprobrium down on him .
He took the flak well enough .
Now the second week beckons .
This is the business end of the tournament .
Some of his peers , such as the American Andy Roddick , who went out in a blaze of indifference yesterday , used Paris as a mere training run .
Not Murray .
His intensity does not allow him such luxury .
" You have to take it one round at a time as so many things can happen in slams , draws can open up , guys can get hurt , or guys can play long matches and get tired and lose matches they should n't .
" But the closer you get to winning the event , it becomes more exciting and a little easier to focus .
You go on the match court with less doubts than you might do right at the beginning . "
Find your Pet 's Food Dog Cat Bird
Absorbine Acana Acana Singles Alaska Naturals Almo Nature American Antler American Farms Angels Eyes Answers Pet Food Applaws Pet Food Ark Naturals Aussie Naturals Bags on Board Barking Buddha Barkworthies Best Buy Bones BioComplete Bionic Pet Products Bixbi Blue Buffalo Bravo Bullysticks Organic Butchers Block Pet Treats By Nature Pet Foods Canidae Cat Man Doo Chicken Soup for the Pet Lovers Soul Cloud Star Coastal Cocotherapy Company of Animals Complete Natural Nutrition Conair Cosmic Catnip Cranimals Crumps Naturals Daves Define Planet Cotton Pals Diamond Diggin Your Dog Discontinued Products Dog Gone Smart Doggie Design DoggyRide Dogswell Dr Harveys Ducky World Durapet Earth Animal Earth Rated EarthBath Earthborn Elive Elmos Closet Emerald Pet Products Ethical Products Etta Says Evangers Evangers Against the Grain Evangers Classic Evangers Game Meats Evangers Signature Series Evangers Super Premium FabDog Farm Fresh Pet Foods Farmina Felidae FirstMate Flea Away Flexi Four Paws Free Range Eco Naturals Fromm Fruitables Fur and Body Furminator Fussie Cat Gaines Family Farmstead Gamma Gorilla Chews Grandma Lucys Grandpas Diatomaceous Earth Greenies Grizzly Grove Naturals Happy Howies Hare of the Dog Harris Diatomaceous Earth Health Extension Higgins Premium Pet Foods Himalayan Dog Chew Homeopet Honey Im Home Hound and Gatos Howard Pet Products Hugglehounds Hyper Pet Iceland Pure Icelandic Id Rather be With My Dog Inaba JLA Pets Jolly Pets JW Pet Company K - 10 + K9 Granola Factory KH Pet Products Kin and Kind Koha Kurgo Kyjen Leather Brothers Liquid Health Litter Lifter Lotus Lumino Mammoth Marvel Mauri Mauro Natural Dog Care Merrick Merrick Backcountry Merrick Grain Free Merrick Limited Ingredient Merrick Purrfect Bistro Messy Mutts Miracle Care Monkey Daze Mount Tibet Corporation Multipet My Happy Dog 123 N bone Natural Balance Natural Biotics Natural Chemistry Natural Cravings Natural K9 Natures Logic Natures Miracle Natures Variety Natures Variety Instinct 85 15 Natures Variety Instinct Freeze Dried Natures Variety Instinct Limited Ingredient Natures Variety Instinct Raw Boost Natures Variety Instinct Raw Frozen Nerf Dog Nootie Nordic Naturals Nupro NutriSource NV Frozen Sale Old Mother Hubbard Open Farms Organic Oscar Orijen OurPets Outward Hound Pack Approved Paragon Party Animal Paws Pizzeria Pet Care Systems Pet Gear Pet House Candle Pet Kelp Pet Loo Pet n Shape Pet Naturals of Vermont Pet Professionals Choice Pet Purity PetAg Petcurean Petkind Petmate Pets Friend PetSafe Petstages PetzLife Plato Pet Treats Plus Care Polka Dog Bakery Popware for Pets Precise Canine Precision Pet Products Presidio Primal Primal Frozen ProDen Puppia Pure Vita PureBites PureLife 4 Pets Pureluxe Qt Dog Quaker Pet Rawz Real Meat RedBarn ROAM Pet Treats ROK Straps Ruff Dawg Sashi Sentry HC Petrodex Seresto Sergeants Pet Care SheaPet Simple Solution Simply Fido Smallbatch Smokehouse Snack 21 Snackthane Snif Snax Snugarooz Softouch Concepts Soggy Doggy Productions Sojourner Farms Solid Gold SPA Colors SportMix Starmark Stella and Chewys Stella and Chewys Dry Food Steves Real Food Superior Farms Synergy Labs Tall Tails Tapa Taste of the Wild The Good Dog Company The Honest Kitchen The Missing Link The Original PoopBags The Shabby Dog This and That Canine Co Thundershirt Company Tiki Tomlyn Tripett Triple Pet Tropiclean True Chews Tuckers Tuffy Toys United K9 Van Ness Vera Vetericyn Vetricure Vets Best Victor Vip Products Virbac Vital Essentials Waggers Pet Products Wellness Weruva Weruva BFF Weruva Cat Weruva CITK Weruva DITK Weruva Litter Weruva Truluxe Whole Life Pet Products Wholesome Pride Pet Treats Wholistic Pet Organics Wild Calling Wild Chewz WildSide Salmon Wondercide Worlds Best Cat Litter Wysong Zignature Ziwi Peak Zoic Zukes
Need Help ?
Call one of our Animal Nutrition experts !
877-284-0350
Henry Ford , a young mechanic , started the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899 .
With an over - emphasis on perfection and without complete
mastery on the production techniques its plant could however produce only twenty cars over the next two years .
The Detroit Automobile Company finally went bankrupt in 1901 and was reorganized into the Henry Ford Company .
Things did not work out too well and Henry Ford eventually left the group in 1903 and started the Ford Motor Company .
He almost ran out of funds in Ford Motor Company as well before things finally picked up and the venture became successful .
Just a short version of the bankruptcy story of a great personality .
The Formula Drift main event on Saturday , April 10th in Long Beach was as thrilling as ever .
And , of course , there were tons of lovely promo models , grid girls and booth babes in attendance .
We would write more information here but we all know very well that nobody reads these kinds of posts .
So , without further adieu , check out part 1 of our coverage after the jump …
Washington ( CNN ) --
A bipartisan group of legislators on Thursday introduced legislation in Congress to strip citizenship from any American found to be involved in terrorism .
If the Terrorist Expatriation Act passes , an American would lose citizenship if found to have provided material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization -- as designated by the secretary of state -- or participated in actions against the United States .
Sens .
Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut , and Scott Brown , R- Massachusetts , co-sponsored the bill .
An identical bill is being introduced in the House by Reps. Jason Altmire , D - Pennsylvania , and Charlie Dent , R- Pennsylvania .
" As the attempted terrorist attack on Times Square showed us again , our enemies today are even more willing than the Nazis or fascists were to kill innocent civilian Americans [ in WWII ] , " Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , told reporters .
" Our enemies today are stateless actors who do n't wear uniforms and plot against Americans abroad and here in the United States . "
Faisal Shahzad , an American citizen , recently admitted driving a Nissan Pathfinder into New York 's Times Square on Saturday and attempting to detonate the vehicle , which was packed with gasoline , propane tanks , fireworks and fertilizer , according to a complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York .
Lieberman said the legislation updates the 1940 Immigration and Nationality Act , which identifies seven categories in which citizens can lose citizenship if they voluntarily perform one of the acts .
The list , according to Lieberman , includes acts such as serving in the armed forces of a " foreign state " if such armed forces are engaged in hostilities against the United States ; formally renouncing nationality whenever the United States is in a state of war ; or committing treason against the United States .
" The bill we 're introducing today would simply update the 1940 law to account for the enemy that we are fighting today , " he said .
" Many have said this law goes too far .
Remember , this bill only updates an existing statute that has been on the books for 70 years that accounts for the terrorist enemy that we are fighting today . "
Brown , a member of Lieberman 's committee , said the bill is n't a knee - jerk reaction .
" This reflects the changing nature of war and recent events , " he said .
" War has moved into a new direction . "
Brian Fallon , a spokesman for New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , said he believes " it would be found unconstitutional in this context and would also be ineffective . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner has similar worries , saying the chances of the bill passing " would be pretty difficult under the U.S. Constitution . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she likes the " spirit " of the bill , but wants to know more on what constitutes taking away an American 's citizenship .
" I do think it 's important to know on what basis [ they 'd lose their citizenship ] , " she said .
" We are committed to due process in our country .
...
What 's the standard ? "
Pelosi said she'd have to see the language of the bill before deciding whether to support it .
Similar legislation , however , has not been successful .
In 2005 , Congress sought to make it a felony for a naturalized citizen to vote in an election in their home country , among other things .
The bill , introduced in the House , did not muster enough support to bring it to a vote .
Legal experts , meanwhile , argue that the new bill has serious constitutional problems .
" It 's unconstitutional , " said Christopher Anders , Senior Legislative Counsel to the American Civil Liberties Union . "
Taking away someone 's citizenship is a truly extraordinary step and to do that based on mere suspicion and to be giving that power to government bureaucrats without ever having a court trial will be an amazing step . "
Under the new proposed bill , the Department of State would have the ability to revoke an American 's citizenship based on a person renouncing their citizenship .
The individual , Lieberman stressed , would still have the right to appeal the determination at the State Department -- or take it to federal court .
When asked how the State Department would make their decision , Lieberman said a person would have declare the intent to renounce their citizenship -- but added that information from other sources could also " lead the state department to make that conclusion . "
Anders said the government often makes mistakes in determining a person 's involvement in terrorism .
In that case , an American citizen could be rendered stateless if they do not have dual citizenship .
Stephen Vladeck , a professor of law at American University Washington College of Law , said the government defines " providing material support to terrorism " so broadly , " that really the most benign , innocent activity could subject the most harmless Americans to this extreme sanction . "
Vladeck predicted that if a case makes its way to the courts , the statute would be in serious trouble .
" Although there have been some crimes that have been historically treated as subject to denaturalization , I think material support is so far away from the kinds of conduct that previously has been punished that way , " he said .
" I think the fact that this is up to the secretary of state , and not a court , really is going to make it very hard for this statute to survive a constitutional challenge . "
The Supreme Court examined citizenship rights in the 1980 case of Vance v. Terrazas .
The court 's decision held that in determining the loss of citizenship , the government " must prove an intent to surrender United States citizenship , not just the voluntary commission of an expatriating act such as swearing allegiance to a foreign nation . "
Altmire said the new bill has n't changed the government 's burden of proof .
" When someone wants to appeal this [ ruling ] , the burden of proof is on the Department of State .
And there 's a very high legal threshold to remain consistent with the bill .
None of that has changed . "
Yediot Aharonot
Yediot Aharonot
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Yediot
Yediot
Yediot
Yediot
Yediot Aharonot
The Unspoken Alliance : Israel ’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa
Foreign Affairs
Yediot
Inside the Israeli echo chamber , it ’s now “ case closed ” on the war in Gaza .
The country ’s biggest newspaper , , has “ exposed ” Judge Richard Goldstone as an apartheid - era hanging judge .
This proves he ’s a huge hypocrite whose word means nothing , which proves his report on the war in Gaza means nothing , which proves Operation Cast Lead was every bit the shining example of restraint and purity of arms Israel says it was .
That ’s the verdict in here .
Outside the echo chamber , though , in the saner parts of the world , this episode can only make us look even guiltier .
To any but a brainwashed Israeli or “ Israel advocate , ” this Goldstone ploy is so transparent , so pathetic .
All it proves is how desperate this country has become , how blind we are to ourselves and to how others see us .
Israel is accusing Richard Goldstone of having been an enforcer of apartheid .
The word “ chutzpa ” does n’t get it .
The word “ gall ” does n’t get it .
The closest word I can think of to describe this is “ grotesque . ” I ’m sure Goldstone made at least some bad , even immoral decisions from the bench during the years of apartheid .
He set for himself the task of stretching a viciously unjust legal system in the direction of justice , and I ’m sure there were times he could have stretched it more .
But in all , he was one of the good guys of that terrible time .
NELSON MANDELA knows it .
After Mandela was elected president in 1994 , he appointed Goldstone to South Africa ’s highest court .
Earlier , during the transition to democracy , Mandela concurred in Goldstone ’s appointment to head an extremely explosive inquiry into regime - sponsored murder ( in which it was found that Goldstone himself had been on the hit list ) .
In the saner parts of the world , they can trust Mandela ’s conclusions about the judge , or they can trust ’s .
The most “ damning ” finding against Goldstone in ’s “ exposé ” is that he sentenced two black murderers to hang and , as an appeals judge , upheld the hanging sentences of 26 others , and that he fully justified the death penalty in his written decisions , and that he did all this even though he ’s since claimed that he opposed the death penalty all along .
Goldstone says the law gave him no choice .
To me , it ’s no huge deal either way .
Thestory reads : “ One must be honest :
In nearly every one of these cases , standing before Goldstone were debased murderers , most of whom killed with great cruelty . ”
Goldstone told the paper that every one of these murders was committed “ in the gravest of circumstances .
” I do n’t consider capital punishment for sadistic killers to be immoral – even if they ’re black , even if they ’re living under apartheid .
What ’s more , I do n’t think Goldstone ’s decision to hang them is an argument against his Gaza war report .
But then I guess I ’m not a bleeding heart liberal like ’s readers .
The story cites decisions in which Goldstone jailed a black man for being in a “ whites - only ” area and a 13 - year - old black boy for demonstrating .
He acquitted four policemen of enforcing the law against miscegenation .
He jailed two blacks for possession of a taped speech by an anti-apartheid leader .
Again , Goldstone told the paper he was constrained by the law .
He added : “ It ’s all very nice in the year 2010 to measure the decisions I made 20 and 30 years ago ... ” Like I said , I ’m sure he made some bad , even immoral decisions back then .
I ’m sure he has what to apologize for about some of his rulings , and I wish he would .
But still , like I said , he was one of the good guys in that awful time .
Arthur Chaskalson , retired president of the post - apartheid high court , and George Bizos , Mandela ’s long - time attorney , wrote : “ He was the founding chairperson of Nicro , an organization to look after prisoners that have been released ; he exercised his power as a judge ( not often used by other judges ) to visit prisoners in jail ; he insisted on seeing political prisoners indefinitely detained to hear their complaints ; to intervene for a doctor to be allowed to see them and where possible to make representations that their release be considered .
” His landmark decision against the forced uprooting of black neighborhoods was “ a great blow to the apartheid regime , ” wrote Chaskalson and Bizos .
It ’s true there were many South African whites who fought without compromise against apartheid , and who paid a heavy personal price , which Goldstone did not .
But it ’s also true that the overwhelming majority of South African whites – Jews included – either went along with apartheid or outright promoted it .
Goldstone was not one of the tiny number of radical freedom fighters , but neither was he by any means one of the huge , pro-apartheid majority , asportrays it .
Instead , he was one of a small minority of liberal activists trying to change a monstrous system from within , making all sorts of unholy compromises that arise in such a situation .
Goldstone , I ’m sure , did things he should regret , but on balance , in context , and in the view of Nelson Mandela if not , he is right to be proud of his record .
NOW : CAN the State of Israel say the same ?
This is one of the things that makes the smearing of Goldstone so grotesque – not only does it take a good man and try to make him look evil , but it ’s coming from the very last country on earth with the right to accuse anyone of collaborating with apartheid .
In the last two decades of white rule , when South Africa was losing friends fast , the apartheid regime could always count on us .
In the mid-’70s , “ ... Israel ’s war - battered industries desperately needed export markets and the possibility of lucrative trade with South Africa was hard for Defense Minister Shimon Peres to resist .
As [ Prime Minister Yitzhak ] Rabin , Peres , and a new generation of leaders inherited the [ Labor ] party from David Ben-Gurion and Golda Meir , the conviction that compromising certain values was necessary for survival gained sway and socialist idealism gave way to realpolitik .
During the Rabin years , South African arms purchases breathed life into the Israeli economy and Israeli weapons helped to reinforce the beleaguered and isolated apartheid regime in Pretoria . ”
( From a new book , , by Sasha Polakow - Suransky , senior editor atmagazine . )
Israel sent South Africa riot control equipment , we helped run its bantustans , we helped it and it helped us build nuclear bombs .
We did business with white - ruled South Africa until the very last day before the US would have cut off our foreign aid .
We made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars off apartheid .
And despite the title of the book I quoted , this is not a secret .
Thewhole world knows it , if not in detail then in principle .
knowsit , though of course there ’s no mention of it in the paper ’s bravejournalistic crusade .
All of our shocked , shocked spokesmen andadvocates know Israel and apartheid were the best of friends – and intheir latest denunciations of Goldstone , you wo n’t hear a peep about it .
Inside the echo chamber , everyone ’s nodding their heads .
Outside , inthe more lucid - minded countries of the world , people can only beshaking their heads in disbelief .
I imagine them thinking : What hasgotten into these Israelis ?
We all saw the war in Gaza , we all readabout it and we all know who Richard Goldstone is – and they thinkthey ’re going to turn us in favor of that war , or in favor of the waythey treat the Palestinians in general , by turning us againstGoldstone ?
Have the Israelis become so egocentric , so cut off from theworld that they do n’t see how transparent this is , how pathetic ?
Howgrotesque ?
Yes , people of the world , that ’s how egocentric , how cut off from youwe ’ve become – we do n’t see it .
Pardon the pun , but we ’ve come to seeblack as white and white as black .
With this hatchet job on Goldstone , we figure we ’ve just written “ caseclosed ” on Operation Cast Lead .
We do n’t see that all we ’ve done isshow , once again , how empty our case for that war , that onslaught ofchoice , really is .
During an interview on stage at TechCrunch 's Disrupt conference , Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz just told TechCrunch editor Mike Arrington to " fuck off . "
First Carol complained that the media is expecting too much from Yahoo so soon after she joined .
She said that it took Apple 7 years to grow its market cap after Steve Jobs returned .
She told Mike " you are involved in a very tiny company . "
" It probably takes a long time to even convince yourself what the hell to do . "
" So fuck off ! "
Do n't miss : 11 Ways Google Just Slapped Apple
An AOL - Yahoo Merger : The Miracle Carol Bartz Needs
New York and New Jersey workers face unprecedented cutbacks
Socialist Equality Party
22 May 2010
The attacks on teachers and other public employees in the states of New York and New Jersey are part of an unprecedented assault on jobs , pensions , wages , benefits and seniority rights being mounted by both Democrats and Republicans in the name of balancing state budgets .
In New Jersey , Republican Governor Chris Christie has called teachers “ greedy , ” cynically telling homeowners facing incessant increases in local property taxes that the teachers are to blame .
While refusing to even consider any increase in taxes for his wealthy backers , Christie has campaigned against local school budgets and slashed the state ’s education budget by nearly a billion dollars .
Layoff notices have already been sent to thousands of teachers across the state .
The governor has sought a general wage freeze and introduced legislation that will call into question civil service protections , including seniority , and raise the retirement age for public employees to 65 .
Christie ’s plans will affect every section of the working class .
He will cut budgets for public higher education and for adult education programs .
Libraries will lose 74 percent of their funding .
The New Jersey Transit Authority has had to substantially raise fares because of budget shortfalls .
In the neighboring state of New York , the governor is a Democrat , but the policies are nearly identical .
David Paterson says that 15,000 teachers must lose their jobs in order to close a $ 9 billion budget deficit .
Paterson has sought to impose a unilateral furlough for all state employees that will amount to a 20 percent pay cut .
In New York City , which has the nation ’s largest school district , billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg has announced a budget plan that would mean the layoffs of 4,419 teachers and a meager 2 percent pay raise for those who remain .
The budget proposal would also eliminate 400 firefighters ’ jobs , close dozens of senior centers and daycare centers , and drastically slash spending for libraries and arts programs .
The city ’s Metropolitan Transit Authority ( MTA ) has threatened to eliminate the longstanding subsidized subway and bus transportation for nearly 500,000 students , the vast majority from poor and working class families .
The MTA has begun to lay off 1,150 unionized transit workers and 600 MTA administrative workers .
The attacks on public service workers are taking place in every part of the US and are bipartisan in nature .
Both the New York and New Jersey governors openly boast of their collaboration with the Obama Administration , which , through its “ Race to the Top ” program , is continuing and deepening the Bush administration ’s attacks on public education .
There is no money for schools , for mass transit or any other social need , but of course there were trillions of dollars to bail out the bankers and ensure that they earned record bonuses even as millions of working people were losing their jobs and homes .
This reveals more than anything the class nature of the budget cuts .
Both Democrats and Republicans do the bidding of Wall Street and the giant corporations , and workers have no political weapons of their own .
The ruling elite could not impose its austerity program without the close collaboration of the trade unions , whose role has been to squelch the anger of their members and to impose the cuts .
Even when they mouth occasional phrases of opposition , behind the scenes they meet with the big business politicians to gut seniority rights , accept job cuts and privatize education .
Earlier this month , the New York State United Teachers and New York City ’s United Federation of teachers agreed to allow teacher evaluation to be tied to student test performance .
New Jersey Education Association ( NJEA ) leaders recently met with Education Commissioner Bret Schundler to discuss the state ’s application for $ 400 million in funds of Federal Race to the Top money .
Leaders of the Newark Teachers Union have openly supported the Department of Education ’s calls for merit pay .
Tens of thousands of students walked out of their classrooms in New Jersey on April 27 to protest teacher layoffs and the cutting of sports and arts programs .
They attempted to do what the unions will not — to begin a mass movement in defense of the right to an education .
The NJEA , fearful of just such a struggle , announced that the students should accept punishment for taking a stand .
The cause of all of the attacks is the crisis of the capitalist system .
Working people will find that they cannot defend themselves with half - measures .
They need to go on the offensive against the whole profit system and replace it with the democratic planning of the economy for human need — that is , with socialism .
The Socialist Equality Party calls for the following program to defend teachers , public workers , social programs , and education in New Jersey and New York :
Stop all budget cuts and layoffs !
Stops the attacks on seniority !
Billions must be allocated to ensure quality public education and social services for everyone .
Schools must be rebuilt and equipped with new supplies , textbooks , and technology .
Higher education must be made free of cost and open to everyone .
The SEP opposes the attempt to destroy public education and divide working people through the use of charter schools .
The answer to the attacks on education is not the development of private schools for a small minority , but uniting teachers , parents and students in a fully - funded public system that recognizes education as a basic right and not the privilege of a few .
Teacher pay should be raised to reflect the importance of their work , and hiring must be increased to reduce class sizes and make individualized attention available to all .
The resources exist to provide this kind of education to all , but under the profit system they are available only to the wealthy .
Create a public works program to rebuild schools and provide quality jobs for all !
It is impossible for students to get a decent education when they are homeless and hungry .
Official unemployment is nearly 9 percent in New York State , 10 percent in New York City and over 10 percent in New Jersey .
Real unemployment is much higher .
Nationwide , mass unemployment persists , and millions face the loss of their homes and the shutoff of basic utilities .
A massive public works program is required to guarantee good - paying jobs for all .
There is no shortage of work to be done — including the rebuilding of our schools and communities .
Nationalize the banks and large corporations !
The question of who controls society ’s wealth lies at the heart of the crisis in education and all public services .
The wealthy dictate public policy , and they have no interest in educating workers destined for unemployment , menial jobs or war .
The drumbeat of demagogic attacks on the public schools is designed to divert attention from this fact .
Taxes on the wealthy must be sharply increased to provide resources to rebuild social infrastructure in the US and internationally .
The banks and major corporations must be placed under public ownership and the democratic control of working people in order to break the economic and political grip of the financial elite over society .
Form action committees against budget cuts and layoffs !
To fight for this program , workers must build new organizations of struggle .
The role of the unions is to prevent a political struggle , to isolate teachers and other public workers and above all to prevent a united struggle by teachers , parents , retirees and students .
The Socialist Equality Party calls for the formation of action committees of teachers and other public employees , independent of the unions , to organize opposition .
An immediate appeal must be made to students , public workers , and the entire working class — every section of which is confronting an unrelenting attack on jobs and wages — for a unified fight .
This should include preparations for a general strike throughout the country to defend public education .
Fight for the political independence of the working class !
The experience of the Obama administration demonstrates that the Democrats , no less than the Republicans , are the bitter enemies of workers and students .
The precondition for a fight to defend education and other social programs is a complete and irrevocable break with the two parties of big business and the construction of a mass socialist party of the working class .
The attack on public education and other services throughout the country is part of an international campaign to make the working class pay for the economic crisis — from Greece and Portugal , to Germany , Britain , and the United States .
After guaranteeing the wealth of the rich , the governments and the media now demand austerity and cost cutting from those who are already suffering the most .
Any attempt to satisfy the basic needs of the population , including high - quality public education , immediately confronts an enormous obstacle : the fact that economic and political life is entirely subordinated to the frantic drive for the personal wealth of a small minority at the expense of the vast majority .
Unite the working class internationally !
The struggle against layoffs and budget cuts requires an international perspective .
The attacks on the rights and jobs of public workers and on education are global in character : Britain , Greece , Portugal , and Spain will all see massive cuts in public spending in the coming months .
A successful struggle against capitalism requires the mobilization and the resources of the working class across national borders .
The Socialist Equality Party encourages all teachers , students and workers in New Jersey and New York to study our program and perspectives , read the World Socialist Web Site , and make the decision to join the Socialist Equality Party .
To contact or join the SEP .
click here .
To join the International Students for Social Equality click here .
The geek - in - chief has a problem with technology .
Who knew ?
President Obama -- whose campaign was an online juggernaut and whose love of all things comic book , Star Trek and most recently Avatar is well - documented -- went on a tear against gadgets and gizmos over the weekend , telling a graduating class in Virginia to beware the vice of video games and portable music players .
He used the speech to warn that new media and new technology are " putting new pressure on our country and on our democracy . "
And that 's not all ...
The president told the assembled throng he does n't know how to use any of those products .
" You 're coming of age in a 24/ 7 media environment that bombards us with all kinds of content and exposes us to all kinds of arguments , some of which do n't always rank that high on the truth meter , " Obama said during the commencement address at Hampton University on Sunday .
" And with iPods and iPads and Xboxes and PlayStations -- none of which I know how to work -- information becomes a distraction , a diversion , a form of entertainment , rather than a tool of empowerment , rather than the means of emancipation . "
Maybe the president threw that line in to make John McCain , his former e-mail illiterate opponent , feel better .
But Obama disavowing technology is kind of like Donald Trump saying he can't make change .
The president has a known addiction to his BlackBerry ( a.k.a. BOTUS -- Blackberry of the United States ) , which he could not and would not part with when he entered the White House , despite security concerns .
He admitted " clinging " to it last year -- kind of like voters who " cling " to guns and religion .
He also owns an iPod , meaning that he knows how to use one -- unless he depends on the Secret Service to hit the shuffle button while he 's out jogging .
He told The Associated Press after Michael Jackson died that " I still have all his stuff on my iPod . "
During the campaign , he revealed his playlist to Rolling Stone , which at the time included a lot of Jay - Z and Bob Dylan .
And he once found the iPod a device befitting royalty .
He gave one to Queen Elizabeth II as a gift when he visited London last spring .
Rewind some more .
Obama 's campaign had a huge presence on social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter , using 24/7 media to reach his army of supporters at a moment 's notice .
The Black Eyes Peas ' Will .
I. Am cut a music video in his honor that tore through YouTube .
And as for Obama 's supposed distaste for video game consoles , Obama 's campaign bought ad space shortly before the 2008 election in 18 video games .
Anyone burning rubber through the Xbox Live version of " Need for Speed : Carbon " at the time would have come across a digital billboard telling them about early voting .
The day after Obama told Hampton University grads to watch out for technology , the White House used Flickr , Twitter , Facebook and WhiteHouse.gov to promote his nomination of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court .
Elena Kagan 's sparse writings and cautious statements during a 24 - year legal career provide little ammunition for opponents of her Supreme Court nomination .
But potential foes are zeroing in on her short - lived ban on military recruiting at one of the nation 's elite law schools .
As dean of Harvard Law School in 2004 , Kagan , like leaders of other major law schools - including UC Berkeley , Hastings and others in the Bay Area - kicked out Pentagon recruiters because of the " do n't ask , do n't tell " law that bars openly gay and lesbian members of the armed forces .
Kagan reversed course when the federal government threatened to withdraw funding from Harvard , but apologized to students and called the military policy " unwise and unjust . "
Kagan 's stance as dean , and her support for a subsequent legal challenge to the funding cutoff , quickly became a focus of conservative criticism Monday when President Obama nominated his onetime University of Chicago faculty colleague - now the government 's top litigator - to the Supreme Court .
The Senate must closely scrutinize Kagan 's decision to " personally and aggressively restrict the U.S. military 's ability to recruit some of the brightest law students in the country , " said Sen.
Jeff Sessions of Alabama , ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , which will consider the nomination .
On the far left ?
Conservative commentator Curt Levey said Kagan 's view that the government funding cutoff would be illegal positioned her " to the left of even the ( Supreme ) Court 's most liberal justices on the issue of gay rights and the First Amendment . "
Carly Fiorina , a Republican candidate for the Senate from California , said the military recruitment ban " may indicate a potential activist mentality I do not believe is appropriate for the court . "
Republicans briefly raised the issue last year after Obama nominated Kagan as the Justice Department 's solicitor general , but did not try to block her confirmation .
The stakes are higher , however , for a Supreme Court confirmation .
Two laws at issue
The dispute involved two laws : the 1993 " do n't ask , do n't tell " statute , which excludes openly gay or lesbian service members , and the 1996 Solomon Amendment , which barred federal funding to any institution that denied equal access to military recruiters .
The amendment was seldom enforced until 2001 , when the Bush administration threatened to cut off funds to any college whose law school restricted military recruitment .
Harvard , which stood to lose $ 328 million in federal aid , opened its doors to armed forces recruiters the following year .
It had previously barred them under a 1979 university policy denying access to employers who discriminated based on sexual orientation .
The Association of American Law Schools adopted a similar policy in 1990 .
Free -speech question
Kagan became dean in 2003 , and at first maintained military recruiters ' access to the law school .
But she barred them after a federal appeals court declared in 2004 that the Solomon Amendment appeared to violate law schools ' freedom of speech by forcing them to spread an anti-gay message they opposed .
The Bush administration appealed to the Supreme Court while renewing its warning of a funding cutoff .
Kagan , whose school was not involved in the court case , readmitted military recruiters before the high court issued a ruling , an action she told Harvard students she regretted .
" I believe the military 's discriminatory employment policy is deeply wrong - both unwise and unjust , " she said in a message to the student body .
" And this wrong tears at the fabric of our own community by denying an opportunity to some of our students that others of our students have . "
Kagan and other law school professors signed a brief urging the Supreme Court to overturn the Solomon Amendment 's funding ban , but the court unanimously upheld the law in March 2006 .
Military recruiters do n't impose their message on law schools , which remain free to criticize government policy , Chief Justice John Roberts said in the court ruling .
Kagan has taken pains since then to stress her support for the armed forces while opposing its policy on gays and lesbians .
In a recent speech at West Point , she expressed awe at the cadets ' courage and dedication while lamenting the continuing conflict between the military and law schools .
Meanwhile , the Justice Department is defending " do n't ask , do n't tell " in a federal court in Riverside , despite Obama 's opposition to the policy .
Kagan - who promised senators last year to defend the law if it was challenged - does not handle lower - court proceedings such as the Riverside case .
But it is likely to come up at her confirmation hearing .
Mindful of the sensitivity of the military issue , the Obama administration dispatched Ron Klain , Vice President Joe Biden 's chief of staff , to defend Kagan on Monday .
Any suggestion that Kagan is anti-military , Klain told McClatchy News Service , is " ridiculous and absurd . "
Students who were photographed at home by the Lower Merion School District IT department will have the opportunity to see the photos thanks to a court order issued Friday .
The students will be able to view the images with or without their parents , and request that the court block their parents from seeing " sensitive " photos if they so choose .
The purpose of the order is apparently to make students aware of exactly what photos were taken , when , and where .
According to the order , students and their parents or guardians will receive a notice in the mail if the students were identified in any of the " thousands " of photos taken by administrators .
Students and / or parents will not receive a copy of the images , but will be able to view them in a private screening area provided by investigators .
If students request that their parents not be allowed to see certain photos , the judge in the case will discuss the matter with the student before deciding .
This will likely be a massive undertaking , considering that nearly 58,000 photos were taken by the school district 's IT staff .
An " independent " investigation ( conducted by a firm hired by the school district ) recently concluded that most of those photos were never seen by a human being — despite other evidence in the case showing that the IT department viewed the images as entertainment and the fact that a student was disciplined at school because of what he was seen doing at home via his MacBook 's webcam .
Friday 's order came just days after another ruling from a different judge directing that the photos be given to the FBI for review .
The FBI began investigating the case back in February to determine whether the school broke any federal wiretap laws ; that investigation is ongoing .
May 03 , 2010
Update : LA Photographer Cleared of Criminal Charges
Los Angeles - based photographer Jonas Lara faces up to a year in prison if convicted of aiding and abetting two graffiti artists whose work he was documenting when the three men were arrested on February 2 , 2010 in South Central Los Angeles .
Lara has declined two plea deals and has pleaded not guilty to the charge , believing that he was within his rights as a photographer to be at the scene documenting the work of the artists .
However Lara says his public defender , David Gottesmann , has so far refused to consider his rights as a photographer as part of the defense .
“ Every time I bring [ photographer ’s rights or First Amendment rights ] up , he just laughs at me , ” Lara says .
Jeff Sedlik , Lara ’s former teacher , has offered to testify on his behalf to establish his credibility as a photographer , but Lara says Gottesman insists that the case has nothing to do with Lara being a photographer .
Lara has appealed for help with the case to rights organization like the ACLU , but Lara says the organizations have told him they do not get involved in criminal cases .
If convicted , the Art Center College of Design graduate and former US Marine would be unable to enter the MFA program at the School of Visual Arts , into which he was recently accepted , in September .
Recognizing the need to hire a private attorney , Lara has established a legal fund to solicit help from friends , family and colleagues .
Lara ’s jury trial is scheduled for next Tuesday , May 11 .
Lara ’s camera , lenses and memory cards , which he uses to make a living , were also seized , and have not been returned to him .
When he was arrested , Lara was working on a long - term project for which he has documented the work and creative processes of 30 visual artists .
Lara met the two graffiti artists at an abandoned building in South Central Los Angeles to photograph the pair as they worked on the illegal mural .
An LAPD helicopter spotted the group of three men and a patrol car was quickly on the scene .
The artists attempted to walk away from the scene and were apprehended , Lara says .
He remained at the scene and was arrested , although the arresting officers never let Lara know what he was being charged with .
The photographer says the officers were understanding when he explained his reason for being at the scene .
They told him they needed to process him , and that he would be free to go in the morning .
After advising Lara that it would be dangerous to leave his car in the neighborhood , one of the officers even drove Lara ’s car to the police station so he could avoid a towing fee .
Once he got to the police station , however , Lara ’s situation became much more precarious .
The police held Lara for eight hours before telling him he was being charged with felony vandalism .
He was held for 26 hours in total .
Two weeks after being bailed out by his wife , Lara was arraigned and the charge of felony vandalism was downgraded to a misdemeanor .
At a pretrial hearing Gottesman told Lara that rather than vandalism , he was now being charged with damaging a fence at the scene .
Then the charge was later switched again , this time to the misdemeanor of aiding and abetting .
Prosecutors now claim Lara was acting as a lookout for the two graffiti artists .
Lara started his legal defense fund when it became clear to him that the charges against him would not be dropped .
Those interested in donating to Lara ’s legal defense fund can do so here :
Jonas Lara Legal Defense Fund Paypal Page .
Paypal payments can also be directed to donate@jonaslaradefensefund.org .
Posted by Conor Risch on May 3 , 2010 at 2:29 PM
UPDATE : U.S. House of Representatives votes to repeal ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell
The U.S. House of Representatives voted 234-194 Thursday night in favor of repealing the military ’s anti-gay “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy , advancing the repeal that was earlier approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the repeal would “ honor [ the troops ’ ] service by recommitting to the values they fight for on the battlefield . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While the vote fell mostly along party lines , 26 Democrats voted with all but five Republicans against the measure .
Prior story continues below …
The Senate Armed Services Committee has voted to repeal the 1993 law known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” and allow gays to serve openly in the military .
The 16 - 12 vote endorses an end to the Clinton - era policy under which gays could serve in the military only if they do n’t disclose their sexual orientation .
The full House planned to take an identical measure later Thursday or Friday .
House Republicans were strongly against it , citing letters from armed services chiefs urging Congress to wait until the Pentagon completes a study of the impact of the repeal on military life and readiness .
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE .
Check back soon for further information .
AP ’s earlier story is below .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€  Congress neared precedent - setting votes Thursday on whether to allow gays to serve openly in the military .
A House vote , which could come Thursday evening , would repeal the 1993 law known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” that has effectively required gays wishing to join the military to hide their sexual orientation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate Armed Services Committee was also prepared to vote on the issue .
In both cases the initiative to end the ban was attached to a $ 760 billion defense spending bill .
The gay rights amendment , supported by President Barack Obama , is the product of a compromise with Pentagon leaders :
It will not go into effect until the Pentagon completes a study , expected in December , on the ramifications of the policy change and until the president , the defense secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff certify that it wo n’t hurt the military ’s ability to fight .
ADVERTISEMENT
As debate on the defense bill opened in the House , Republicans objected to legislating the ban before the study is completed .
“ We ’re saying ‘ we ’re shoving this down your throat , ' ” said Rep. Louis Gohmert , R - Texas .
“ The military is not a social experiment .
We are sending them out there with a mission to protect this country . ”
But Rep. Jared Polis , an openly gay Democrat from Colorado , said most Americans “ recognize that on the battlefield , it does n’t matter if a soldier is lesbian , gay or straight .
What matters is they get the job done for our country . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need to get this done , and we need to get it done now , ” said Rep. Patrick Murphy , a Pennsylvania Democrat who served in the Iraq war and who is the chief sponsor of the amendment .
Supporters said this week the Senate panel had enough votes to pass the bill after key holdouts , including Sen .
Ben Nelson , a Nebraska Democrat , announced they would swing behind it .
“ In a military which values honesty and integrity , this policy encourages deceit , ” Nelson said .
Nelson said a provision in the bill giving the military the power to decide on the details of implementing the policy was key to his support because it “ removes politics from the process ” and ensures repeal is “ consistent with military readiness and effectiveness . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Robert Byrd , D - W.Va. , another uncertain vote , also said Wednesday he would support the measure after succeeding in adding a provision that Congress will have 60 days to study the Pentagon study before the repeal goes into effect .
Advocates hoped the momentum in the Senate would carry over to the House , where several conservative Democrats Ã¢â‚¬â€ including Rep.
Gene Taylor of Mississippi Ã¢â‚¬â€ threatened to oppose the massive defense spending bill if it included the repeal provision .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said he supports repeal but would prefer that Congress wait to vote until he can talk to the troops and chart a path forward .
A study he ordered is due Dec. 1 .
“ With Congress having indicated that is not possible , the secretary can accept the language in the proposed amendment , ” said Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell .
ADVERTISEMENT
The service chiefs this week urged the Senate panel not to vote until the Pentagon could complete its survey of military personnel .
“ The value of surveying the thoughts of Marines and their families is that it signals to my Marines that their opinions matter , ” Marine Commandant James Conway wrote in a letter to Sen.
John McCain of Arizona , the panel ’s top Republican .
Adm . Mike Mullen , the nation ’s top uniformed officer and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told graduating Air Force Academy cadets on Wednesday that they need to support a changing military .
Mullen did n’t speak directly about the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
But the chairman , who has said that the policy unfairly forces troops to lie , said service members should question convention .
“ Few things are more important to an organization than people who have the moral courage to question the direction in which the organization is headed and then the strength of character to support whatever final decisions are made , ” Mullen said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , itself a compromise worked out during the Clinton administration , states that military leaders will not investigate a service member ’s sexual orientation as long as the member does not openly acknowledge that he or she is gay or engage in same - sex relations .
Some 14,000 people have been forced out of the military since then because of their sexual orientation .
___
The bill is H.R. 5136
Mochila insert follows …
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio announced this morning that there will be a new addition to his faction of flunkies , and it's a guy you may not want to " make angry . "
Lou Ferrigno , the body - building star of the 1970's TV show The Incredible Hulk and Arnold Schwarzenegger 's bitch in the cult classic Pumping Iron , will join the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office as an honorary deputy .
Ferrigno's decision to join Arpaio 's army of a -holes is primarily based on -- as you may have guessed -- immigration .
Ferrigno , who lives in California , apparently is a big fan of Arizona's
controversial new immigration law and of Arpaio's in general , which is
why he 's agreed to sign on .
Arpaio says despite Ferrigno's being a California resident , he is a perfect fit for MCSO because he " sees first hand the problems associated with illegal immigration
there . "
Ferrigno is in town this weekend for the Comicon Conference , and will be deputized sometime today .
Refugee advocates say at least nine asylum seekers returned to Sri Lanka by the Howard government were killed and those sent back in past year have been held in police custody and some assaulted .
Australia has suspended its processing of Sri Lankan asylum seekers pending a review of conditions in Sri Lanka .
Immigration Minister Chris Evans says the Federal Government has a " major problem " returning asylum seekers who have been involved with the Tamil Tigers .
Phil Glendenning , the director of the Catholic Church 's Edmund Rice Centre , has recently returned from Sri Lanka and says the country is in danger of becoming a police state .
" We found that of the 11 people removed to Sri Lanka over the course of the last year or so , that all of them had been arrested at the airport , " he said .
" Some of them had been bashed , assaulted .
One man has permanent hearing damage , another has had sight damaged . "
Mr Glendenning says those arrested are asylum seekers sent home from Australia .
" [ The Australian Government sent them back ] and gave them a guarantee of their safety .
The thing is they arrive at the airport ; they 're immediately handed over to the CID , which is the Sri Lankan police , " he said .
" The difficulty here is that there is a view in Sri Lanka that anybody who left the country through an unauthorised manner , of unauthorised means , is an LTTE sympathiser and if they are Sinhalese people who left , then they must therefore be traitors .
" That 's the assumption .
People have been put into prison and held there and the key thing is here that detention can be indefinite .
There are people who were removed from Australia at the beginning of this year who are still in prison . "
Breach of obligations
The refugee advocate says by returning these people , Australia has breached its refugee obligations .
" Under Australian refugee law , it is a breach of the law to return people to danger , to re-foul people and we believe that has happened , " he said .
" The people are put into prison ; the court process is that they 're heard in the prison .
The magistrate continues to postpone the cases to a later date , no legal arguments are taken and so you get the situation of it just rolling forward .
" On the ground , those who are in the community , there 's a danger of being regularly abducted and it's quite an established fact that groups like Reporters Without Borders have attested that Sri Lanka is not safe . "
Mr Glendenning is also unconvinced by the Sri Lankan government 's claims it is a democracy .
" Sri Lanka would say that because it's in their interest to say that , " he said .
" There is fear in Sri Lanka that anybody from the LTTE outside the country might be one of the LTTE to somehow reform it internationally .
I think Sri Lanka is in danger of being seen as a police state . "
He says while the Federal Government is wise to urge caution in returning asylum seekers connected to the Tamil Tigers , in the eyes of the Sri Lankan government all those who fled are branded the same way .
" I think the position taken by the Minister yesterday in urging caution about returning people who would be seen as being involved with the LTTE is a very wise one , " he said .
" But of course we would see the importance of that to be extended to realise that on the ground in Sri Lanka , those in authority in the government and in the police , perceive those who left as either sympathisers or traitors and consequently sending them back is sending them back into danger . "
By charles the moderator
Here ’s the link .
I have no other comment .
From congress.org
Global Warming could make Humans EXTINCT within 50 years
Kill mechanisms list
Global Warming could make the human race EXTINCT .
The # 1 kill mechanism is famine .
See “ The Long Summer ” by Brian Fagan and “ Collapse ” by Jared Diamond .
Shifting winds and warmer oceans have already created a weird moving checkerboard of drought and flood that has interfered with agriculture here and elsewhere .
The extra heat has caused heat related deaths already .
The book “ Six Degrees ” by Mark Lynas says : “ If the global warming is 6 degrees centigrade , we humans go extinct . ”
The book lists several kill mechanisms , the most important being famine and methane fuel - air explosions .
Other mechanisms include fire storms .
“ Under a Green Sky ” by Peter D. Ward , Ph.D. , 2007 says H2S bubbling out of hot oceans is the final blow at 6 degrees C warming .
===========================
read the rest at congress.org
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
A bus-ad campaign that seeks to offer resources to those considering leaving Islam already has stirred up controversy in Miami and New York , but its next city may create the most fireworks - Detroit , the U.S. metropolitan area with the heaviest concentration of Middle Easterners .
The Detroit - area bus authority has refused to run the ads from Stop Islamization of America , an organization headed up by conservative activist and anti-jihad blogger Pamela Geller , prompting SIOA to file a federal lawsuit Thursday in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan .
Mrs. Geller said the transport authority ’s refusal to run her ads violates her First Amendment right of free speech , and she will take the lawsuit to the Supreme Court if necessary .
“ It is against the law , and I tell you , those ads will go up whether they like it or not , ” Mrs. Geller said .
SIOA initially encountered a similar refusal in Miami , but Mrs. Geller said a lawsuit prompted the transport - authority there to relent in less than 24 hours .
Several calls to the Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation , which operates the bus system serving Detroit and two surrounding counties , were not returned Thursday .
Dawud Walid , executive director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations of Michigan , said he expects that even if the ads do run in Detroit , they will not elicit any response besides puzzlement .
The Detroit area , centering on Dearborn , is home to a quarter - million Muslims , whom Mr. Walid does not expect to react favorably to the presence of SIOA ’s ads in their city .
“ If she ’s planning to put those Islamophobic ads in Detroit , she ’s wasting her time , ” Mr. Walid said .
The Detroit area also has a large Arab and Middle Eastern Christian population , centering on suburbs north of the city proper .
Mrs. Geller said SIOA began its national city - by - city ad campaign in response to bus ads in Florida inviting people to convert to Islam .
The SIOA ads read , “ Fatwah on your head ?
Is your family or community threatening you ?
Leaving Islam ?
Got Questions ?
Get answers ! ” and provides a Web address that links to organizations that serve Muslim apostates .
The bus ads are running in Miami through June 15 and began running in New York last week and will run through late June , Mrs. Geller said .
Part of the conflict centers on whether Muslims are free to leave Islam without retribution , and whether their families will punish or kill them for conversion .
One such case that has made national headlines in the U.S. involves 17 - year - old Rifqa Bary , who fled her parents ’
Ohio home to stay with a Florida Christian minister after she converted .
In the ensuing custody and foster care disputes , her Muslim parents deny that the girl will be harmed if she returns home .
Abdul Rahman , an Afghan citizen , was arrested in 2006 for converting to Christianity there , and members of his family asked prosecutors to seek the death penalty .
But the international outcry over Mr. Rahman ’s case , and the fact that the Afghan government was installed by the U.S. invasion - plus doubts about the case and Mr. Rahman ’s sanity - combined to prompt the court to release him .
The consensus view among Muslim jurists worldwide is that apostasy , unless mitigated by such factors as mental illness or duress , is punishable by death .
Mrs. Geller cited a fatwa , or ruling point on Islamic law , issued by the authoritative Al - Azhar University in 1978 , that said : “ This man has committed apostasy ; he must be given a chance to repent , and if he does not , then he must be killed , according to Shariah [ law ] . ”
Mr. Walid denied Mrs. Geller ’s claims , though he provided no authoritative citations , and attacked Mrs. Geller ’s character .
“ She ’s a well - known anti-Muslim bigot , ” he said .
“ She makes no distinction between extremist Muslims and mainstream Muslims . ”
Mr. Walid said that although there have been a few cases of violence against Muslims who convert away from the religion , there is no retribution for those who choose to leave Islam .
“ People are free to leave Islam or any religion at any time .
This is the United States of America , ” he said .
But a public educator in Dearborn , speaking on the condition of anonymity owing to fear of retribution , said there is a climate of fear in the Detroit area ’s Muslim community .
“ The fear is palpable .
I know there are things I am ‘ not allowed ’ to say .
A discussion of religion with a Muslim person is often prefaced by the statement , ‘ Dont say anything about the Prophet [ Muhammad ] . ’
In free society , open and honest conversation is not usually begun by a prohibition .
Threats and intimidation are just part of life here . ”
CAIR ’s denial of the dangers of apostasy are part of the reason behind Mrs. Geller ’s campaign , which she defined as a religious - freedom issue .
“ We ’re not encouraging people to leave Islam , ” she said .
Whether or not the ads actually encourage apostasy , the furor elsewhere already have received a considerable amount of negative attention from American Muslims .
“ The ads are to serve a purpose - to incite Islamophobia , ” Mr. Walid said .
“ The average person here will see them for what they are . ”
The Dearborn educator , however , said the ads serve a positive purpose .
“ This kind of campaign and Americans support of it could assure these frightened Muslims that they have the rights that every other American has , that they will be protected , not abandoned or exposed to their leaders should they act upon their desire to be free , ” the teacher said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Political Philosophy
I 've previously mentioned several of his examples on NLT , but Mark Steyn sums up the absurd charade of " rights " - based oppression prevailing in Great Britain .
It 's shamefully ironic that George Bush was consistently denounced for rights - depleting policies by which ( as in the " domestic spying program " ) not a single American can be located who was in any manner harmed in the slightest - yet Democrats merrily seek to silence conservative talk - radio and liberals would arrest pro-life prayer groups as organized crime syndicates without the slightest sense of contradiction or hypocrisy .
[ While most MMOs concentrate on developing linear content , EVE Online follows a systems - based design which allows for sandbox gameplay and player agency -- and this article , from EVE expert player / spymaster ' The Mittani ' , outlines why he believes its subscriber base continues to rise . ]
The MMO industry has changed dramatically from its infancy in the Ultima Online era .
With the accelerating proliferation of MMO gaming into the mainstream of the global entertainment industry , the revenue expectations from these exceedingly complex titles has spiraled out of control .
It is no longer enough to pitch a MMO with the end goal of merely turning a profit ; comparisons with titles that have the GDPs of small nation - states are inevitable .
After I gave my talk at GDC discussing EVE Online 's metagame , I encountered a number of developers who were disheartened by the dominance of the blockbuster business model -- its incredible cost , its astonishing risk and rate of failure , and the linear content - based gameplay it has engendered .
Yet there is another model of MMO development , and one that 's already proven successful in the industry .
Both less risky and less glamorous , the " Icelandic Model " of MMO development offers salvation to aspiring developers who do n't have $ 75 million in startup capital at hand .
Blockbusters and " Big Content "
Launching a MMO is n't an easy business .
The vast majority of subscription - model MMOs fail , with the signature " death spike " of a surge of players at launch and reciprocal mass exodus once the first free month of playtime ends , followed by a humiliating and slowly declining subscriber plateau .
Corporate resources are re-allocated away from the ailing title , and eventually the plug is pulled on the servers .
As the market has become increasingly competitive , the life cycle of MMOs has grown ever shorter .
The ultimate question of survival for a MMO is exceedingly simple : what makes the gameplay a continuous experience for the player , rather than a linear path with an endpoint ?
A vast oversimplification , some might say , yet it is precisely this question which is too often put off or ignored in the preparation of a title for launch .
A game with a certain amount of content and a linear path leaves a player with nothing else to do once the end of the path is reached except re-treading it with a new character .
By contrast , a game which has planned for and emphasized the endgame from the outset ensures that its players have a motive to stick around after the first free month .
As more companies attempt to emulate the success of World of Warcraft , " big content " as a design model has come to reign supreme .
The idea here is essentially that other MMO launches have failed because they did n't provide enough content for the players .
BioWare 's upcoming The Old Republic project is an excellent example of this ; they have boasted of having created thousands of hours of fully voice - acted plot .
This is certainly one way around the problem of players " running out of game " inside of the first month ; however , it requires a tremendous amount of capital and pre-launch investment .
I intend to play TOR and expect to enjoy the hell out of it , but most aspiring developers simply do not have the money to follow BioWare 's lead .
MMO launches have often skimped on content at launch to their detriment .
It is n't a shock that this happens because content ( be it in the form of quests , raids , dungeons , or whatever ) is extraordinarily expensive in both man-hours and creative spark .
Boring content is often just as expensive as engaging content , which requires the kind of narrative genius that can't be easily recreated .
Stopgap methods for plugging content holes , such as randomly generated quests , have been attempted but these have proven a failure ; the most common complaint of players in such games is that the random content ends up being repetitive and stale .
If you are attempting to create a blockbuster MMO , your greatest difficulty is creating enough engaging content , and your worst nightmare is the endgame when that content runs out .
11 years ago I blogged about …
Please do n't port philosophy with code !
One of my pet peeves is Linux installers for proprietary software requiring root permissions .
Last time , Adobe got me into rant mode by requiring root not only to install the Adobe Air runtime , but to install any Adobe Air based application as well .
This time it 's Abbyy – makers of the famous Finereader OCR software .
Before I start explaining what 's so bad about requiring root for installing , I want to give a short disclaimer : I 'm happy about every company providing a Linux port of their software .
Even when it is closed source .
This is also not against Abbyy .
They just happen to be the most recent example I encountered .
On the contrary – I 'm a fan of Finereader , Abbyy is using DokuWiki at I 'm not against non-Open Source software running on Linux .
It is n't my first choice for sure , but sometimes there are no alternatives available and .
Even when it is closed source .
This is also not against Abbyy .
They just happen to be the most recent example I encountered .
On the contrary – I 'm a fan of Finereader , Abbyy is using DokuWiki at ocr4linux and they made a generous donation to the project .
I like Abbyy .
What 's the problem ?
Why not requiring root for installing the software ?
After all my distribution 's package manager needs root , too ?
There are two major problems with root - only installers .
The first is security .
Having a strict separation between the superuser and the normal users is an important security measurement .
Especially on multiuser machines .
If run an rm - rf I mess up my own stuff only .
The system keeps running and all other users are unaffected as well .
If the tool I install in my home has virus , only my files are at risk .
However security is n't the main problem here .
It is not that I think the software I 'm about to install has any malicious intends .
Most companies do not intentionally screw their customer 's systems .
The bigger problem is loss of control .
I 'm running Linux because it is a system I am in control of .
I know how things interact .
I know where programs are installed and I know my package manager is taking care of putting everything to the right place .
There is no yearly reinstalling to take care of all the cruft that accumulated over time of installing and uninstalling software as many people are used from Windows .
Giving a proprietary , closed source installer access to my whole system , takes away that control .
I do not know what it will do .
Where things will be placed , what files will be touched .
When something stops working because of it I have no idea where to look .
Additionally all distributions do things a little bit different , a third party installer is most likely to make false assumptions anyway .
Again , I 'm happy to be able to run this closed source software on my system .
It gives me more choice of using the right tools .
All I ask is vendors should not port Windows philosophy with porting the source code .
How bad is it ?
Maybe I 'm exxagerating the problem ?
Let 's have a look at what Abbyy 's installer for FineReader Engine 8.0 CLI for Linux does .
The download comes as a single file called abbyyocr - 8.7002.42.tar.gz .
It contains a PDF guide and a single shellscript with some archive data appended .
Basically a self extracting archive .
Completely superfluous – providing a . tgz would be just fine .
If you want to make it comfortable provide some .deb and .rpm files additionally .
Running this file will extract the data to /tmp and run an installer shell script .
This script immediately aborts if you 're not root .
Bad !
Luckily the archive can be extracted to have a look inside : ./abbyyocr.run -- noexec -- target unpacked /
Looking at the install.sh , you 'll see that it starts with displaying an EULA and copying all data to / opt / ABBYOCR / .
Optionally it puts the binaries to /usr / local / bin .
So far so good .
Then it starts to get ugly : # Registering of shared libraries if [ - z ` cat / etc / ld.so.conf | grep $ ABBYYOCR_DIR / ABBYYOCR ` ] ; then echo -e " $ ABBYYOCR_DIR / ABBYYOCR
" >> / etc / ld.so.conf ldconfig fi export LD_LIBRARY_PATH
= / usr / local / lib : / usr / lib : $ LD_LIBRARY_PATH
It modifies my library configuration path and reconfigures an environment variable .
The former is one of those things I 'd definitively like to be informed about .
The latter is a bit strange as it affects only the current shell anyway – and why /usr / local / lib when we installed to / opt ?
The script then continues by calling another script that starts the license activation process .
You need to activate the tool not only with a license key but through some Internet activation .
Another case of porting Windows philosophy , but I 'm willing to let that one slip .
Let 's have a look at this script then .
The script checks if the curl utility is installed – if not it will ask if you 'd like to install it .
If you agree , curl will build and installed to /usr / local / .
This is a really bad idea .
Most distributions look for programs in /usr / local / bin first .
So if you forget about this binary , you will not be able to run a version installed from your package manager later .
At least the installer asks about it .
Next , the license activation tool is run .
This is a closed source binary .
Running it through strace reveals that it creates a file in / var / lib / frengine / .elf / erf.vsf before running curl or preparing the email activation .
I have no idea what is in that file , but I guess it contains some information about the local hardware that is used to do the actual activation .
Yes that 's a “ hidden ” directory inside your system 's / var / lib directory 1 ) .
Why ?
I understand that this information needs to be gathered and stored to implement an activation mechanism .
However this “ secrecy ” makes me uncomfortable to trust the rest of the software .
Quick summary : the installer modifies a system library path without notice might install an outdated curl to /usr / local installs a “ secret ” file without notice
Conclusion
All this would n't be necessary .
Just let me install the whole bunch of files into a single directory of my choosing and I 'm happy .
I 'm not asking about open sourcing your software or throwing away activation and copy protection stuff 2 ) .
All I ask is , do n't mess with my system and do n't ask me to trust you more than you trust me !
Similar posts : Lollipop Lockscreen Woes
Ubuntu Unity Sucks
I wanna love the Poken ( but I can 't )
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Arizona , which recently passed the strongest anti-immigrant law in the nation , has now found itself the breeding ground of yet even more strident immigration foes .
The National Socialist Movement is now passing out flyers celebrating Cinco de Mayo as “ Report An Illegal Day . ”
Cinco de Mayo typically celebrates the anniversary of Mexican independence .
ADVERTISEMENT
The flyer , acquired by a local news station , calls for recipients to fax or email Congress demanding that the “ border be secured . ”
It also seeks the aid of local businesses in an effort to verify and turn people in to the Department of Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
The Yahoo Group page for National Socialist Movement Arizona describes the organization as a “ civil rights organization for White people of America . ”
“ Other race ’s [ sic ] have their own advocate groups for their own people ; we are the representatives for White people , ” the group ’s description says .
“ The NSM is also strongly nationalistic .
We believe in America FIRST , and are against sending our servicemen and women to fight endless wars with nations that we do n’t belong . ”
According to Phoenix ’s ABC affiliate , Phoenix police are looking into the flyer .
Over the weekend , a leaked email revealed that supporters of Arizona ’s new immigration law deliberately sought to target the poor .
Correspondence between think tank lawyer Kris Kobach and Arizona state Sen. Russell Pearce ( R - Mesa ) suggests that Arizona ’s new immigration law , conceived in the nation ’s capital , was intended to hit poor Latinos the hardest .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kobach , an attorney with the Immigration Reform Law Institute , has been a key player behind the scenes on one of the country ’s most controversial immigration “ fixes . ”
“ When we drop out ‘ lawful contact ’ and replace it with ‘ a stop , detention , or rest , in the enforcement a violation of any title or section of the Arizona code ’ we need to add ‘ or any county or municipal ordinance , ' ” Kolbach wrote in an email exposed by Think Progress on Friday .
“ This will allow police to use violations of property codes ( ie. cars on blocks in the yard ) or rental codes ( too many occupants of a rental accommodation ) to initiate queries as well . ”
is out on DVD and still we do n't know what director James Cameron plans to do next .
Cameron remains indecisive , though he has a laundry list of movie projects he 's considering being involved in .
Among them , another underwater movie no one wants to see called , and .
As recently as a couple of months ago Cameron confirmed that he was actively involved in developing but had n't “ made any decisions about it yet . ”
We 're still waiting for him to make one .
While we wait , let 's take a closer look at what he 's considering .
As the name suggests , is based on the classic 1956 science fiction movie of the same name .
Till now most have assumed this would be a remake , but since I have the J. Michael Straczynski written script Cameron 's planning to use sitting in front of me on my desk , I can tell you that it is absolutely not .
Instead what JMS has done is craft a well - thought out , straight - up prequel .
More than that , he 's laid the groundwork for a whole franchise ofmovies which could eventually lead to a remake of the 1956 film down the road , but not until they 've told at least two completely new stories on screen .
There are similarities here between what Cameron 's already done onand what he could do with .
Both movies center on exploring one complex , fully realized world and both movies begin with a group of humans landing on an alien planet to uncover the mysteries of its environment .
Init 's a world covered in and controlled by sentient biology , init 's a world covered in and controlled sentient technology .
Replace the lush jungles of Pandora with an unbelievably massive , globe - spanning , alien city and you 'll get what I 'm hinting at here .
From there the stories diverge drastically but if Cameron wanted to make his next step a movie with a similar theme but not so similar that it 's basically ando - over ( or for that matter an actualsequel ) thenis the perfect project .
At this point fans of the original movie are probably freaking out .
In the firstthe planet in question , Altair , is a barren wasteland .
Do n't worry , JMS knows what he 's doing .
As he says in the script “ I 'm going somewhere with this ” and by the time the script is finished he does a pretty great job of fitting these seeming contradictions together with the original film while setting up other unrelated sequels .
The 1956told the story of an Earth vessel sent to an alien planet called Altair , where twenty years earlier another human crewed vessel called the “ Bellerophon ” vanished .
Thistells the story of the Bellerophon , and even if you 've seen the original movie which discusses that ship 's fate intimately , it 's nothing at all like you 'd expect while at the same time remaining faithful to the subsequent story already told in the first movie full of clever nods to its cinematic predecessor .
In fact Straczynski's take hints at things going on behind the scenes of the original movie , and if it 's made it 'll change the tone of that film the next time you watch it , while at the same time sticking with established facts .
Like those classic science fiction serials of which the 1956 movie was a part , JMS 's script seems less concerned with explaining how and why this story happens and more concerned with just getting down to the business of spaceships , strange worlds , and hard science fiction .
In doing so it changes some of the minor nuances of the original movie .
Instead of being set in a far off future , the prequel 's actually set in a near future .
The technology used to send the Bellerophon to Altair is pretty new , and the way in which mankind gets the knowledge needed to do it is a critical component to the plot .
Almost the entire movie is spent on Altair , with the crew wandering around trying to uncover the secrets of an absent alien race .
Only two characters from the 1956 film make it into the prequel : Dr. Edward Morbius and Robby the Robot .
Morbius is a linguist aboard the Bellerophon .
Robby on the other hand , is not exactly the same robot seen in the original film , think of him more as that robot 's template .
Except of course , he 's been drastically redesigned .
Robby is there on the planet when the crew arrives and he 's described in the script as twelve feet tall and angular , though vaguely humanoid .
This Robby , actually named RBI , is sleek and menacing in appearance , his limbs connected to his torso by energy more than metal .
By contrast the 1956 Robby was seven feet high and looked kind of like what would happen if you stuck and egg - shaped fishbowl on the Michelin Man 's head .
It 's an improvement .
It also allows him to be an active participant instead of wandering around ineffectually and staring , as he did in the original film .
At one point in the script , Robby actually goes into battle , and it 's awesome .
Morbius is the movie 's villain , if there is one , in much the same way he was in the first film .
This time he 's more knowingly involved and much of what he does wo n't really fit with the character you know from the original movie , at least until the end when JMS snaps all the pieces together .
The real heroes of the story are the Bellerophon captain , Stearns , and Morbius 's soon to be ex-wife Diana .
I know , in the 1956 movie Morbius gives his wife a different name , and I 'm somewhat at a loss to explain why they'd want to change it , but just roll with it .
Though the movie 's mostly faithful , little details like that get tweaked and you can't really nitpick over them when JMS seems so determined to connect the dots everywhere else .
A bold decision really when you consider how few people have actually seen the originaland most who see the new one wo n't really care .
The script 's strength is the fast pace at which it moves and its willingness to tackle hardcore science fiction .
It 's incredibly original too , not just the story but in the little details JMS works into the screenplay .
One of the big problems a lot of science fiction fans had withwas how generic all the technology felt .
JMS really tries to push the envelope in that respect coming up with new ideas about the way the inside of a spaceship should look and work , as well as incorporating some of the old ( and never again used ) ideas from the original movie , like the green stasis pods used before jumps into hyperspace .
JMS , as the creator of one of the greatest sci- fi shows in the history of television in , knows a thing or two about creating an original , unique science fiction universe .
But at times the characters seem a little thin and it's hard not to read it and think of it as a lot like the failedmovie , only with bigger set pieces and more brains behind it .
It also commits the sin of using amnesia as a key plot device , always a dicey decision in any storytelling endeavor .
The ending , the one that fits all the pieces together to connect to the 1956 version , also feels a little rushed .
In fact a lot of this early draft feels like it needs some of the cracks filled in still , and maybe that 's something they 'll do as the go along , or maybe not .
Yet the script forsuffered from some of those same problems too and that seemed to work for Cameron .
Maybe that makeshis kind of movie .
It 's likewith more originality .
Or maybe Straczynski will do another pass , flesh out those bare spots , and work enough of his proven sci- fi genius into the script that it'll fill in the places where Cameron usually misses something .
If he does , this could be the perfect filmmaker / writer partnership .
12:00 am
at
on
by Ryan
Hey everybody , Vee wrote this one cuz mah brayne hoits .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
In my usual peripatetic wandering around the web , I came across an interesting paper called “ Millennial - and orbital - scale changes in the East Asian monsoon over the past 224,000 years ” , in Nature Magazine ( subscription required ) , 28 Feb. 2008 , with Supplementary Online Information .
The paper uses “ speleothems ” to estimate past climate conditions .
Speleothems are secondary mineral deposits formed in caves .
Stalactites and stalgmites are speleothems , and they come in a wide variety of sizes and shapes .
Here ’s a photo of some speleothems :
Figure 1 . Speleothems in a New Zealand Cave .
What can we learn from the speleothems ?
The authors used the speleothem data from two caves in China to investigate the climate changes over the last two glacial periods , a quarter million years or so .
Being more interested in the recent past , and noticing that one of the datasets extended up to the year 1490 , I decided to see what speleothems could tell us about the temperature changes in more recent times .
So I got a large group of speleothem records from the NOAA Paleoclimatology web site .
I was n’t interested in what happened thousands and thousands of years ago , so I got all of the long records that covered all or part of the period from the end of the last ice age to the present .
This gave me 20 records .
The speleothems give us a record of what is called the “ delta oxygen 18 ” ( ∂ 18O ) value .
This value is related to the temperature .
The paper does not give the associated temperature values , so I converted them using the relationship described here as :
This is based on the average d[ delta ] 18O / dT relation in modern precipitation ( ~0.6 ‰ °C - 1 ) , and the water - calcite fractionation that accompanies speleothem deposition ( ~ - 0.24 ‰ °C - 1 ) .
Decoded , this means that the change in temperature is equal to the change in ∂ 18O divided by ( 0.6 – 0.24 ) , or ∂ 18O/0.36 .
Using that relationship , I calculated the temperatures from the various speleothems , and graphed them all with no further adjustment .
Figure 2 . Raw data from 20 speleothem records .
All of them have been converted from ∂ 18O using the relationship Temperature = ∂ 18O/-0.36 .
Black line is a 200 - point Gaussian average .
Different records are different colors .
While this was interesting , it appeared to me that the various records were likely not vertically aligned quite properly .
After all , there is no a priori reason to think that they would all fit together , since they were simple anomalies ( data minus average of that data ) over different time periods .
So how to adjust them ?
There are several methods that are used to make this kind of adjustment to temperature anomalies for the global temperature records .
GISS takes an average of two records in the area where they overlap , and adjusts on that basis .
That was possible here , but seemed inaccurate .
GHCN , on the other hand , uses one type of “ first difference ” method .
However , their method requires that all of the datasets be on the same basis ( annual , monthly , etc. ) , where in this case the measurements are at various random times that differ between datasets .
After some thought , I realized that I could use “ first differences ” in another way .
The “ first difference ” is a new dataset that is made by calculating the difference between successive datasets .
For example , if the dataset is { 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 10} , then the first difference of that dataset is { ( 2 - 1 ) , ( 4 - 2 ) , ( 8 - 4 ) , ( 10 - 8 ) } , or { 1 , 2 , 4 , 2} .
This represents the differences between the points in the original dataset .
I realized that the standard deviation of the first difference is a measure of how well the various datasets fit together .
( Standard deviation , “ SD ” , is a measure of how scattered the data is . )
So to adjust them , I first combined all of the 20 speleothem datasets into one single large dataset .
Then I took the first difference of that single dataset .
I measured the SD of the first difference data .
Then I adjusted each of the individual speleothem records by moving it slightly upwards and downwards , and used the increase or decrease of the SD to indicate which way it should be moved .
I repeated this until the match was not improved by further testing and moving of the individual datasets .
The result is shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 . Adjusted data from the same 20 speleothem records .
All of them have been adjusted vertically to give the best fit .
Black line is a 200 - point Gaussian average .
This has improved the accuracy of the reconstruction .
This is shown by the greater vertical range of the Gaussian average line .
So , what does all this mean ?
Heck , I do n’t know , I ’m investigating , not drawing conclusions .
A few comments , in no particular order :
• As is shown in the Greenland ice core records , we are currently at the cold end of the Holocene ( the current interglacial ) .
• Recent phenomena ( Roman Warm Period , Medieval Warm Period , Current Warm Period ) are scarcely visible at this scale .
So much for the “ uprecedented ” nature of the recent rise .
• The polar bears are not in any danger from the recent rise .
• What ’s up with the big jump and drop about 12000 years ago ?
I have not seen that in the ice core records , but it is present in these speleothem records from around the planet .
[ Update ]
A number of people have pointed out that this is almost certainly the “ Younger Dryas ” event .
I had n’t noticed it in the Vostok record , but a closeup of that record shows it .
• The amount of the temperature change depends on the coefficient used to translate from d18O to temperature .
So the numbers are likely in the right range , but may be somewhat too large or too small .
Anyhow , that ’s my thoughts about what I ’ve found out , I welcome yours .
I continue with the investigation .
It strikes me that I may be able to adjust the conversion factor ( d18O/T ) to see if that improves the fit of the data … should be interesting .
Onwards …
DATA :
The caves used in this study were :
Cave , Location
Borneo_sch01 , Borneo
Borneo_sch02 , Borneo
Buckeye , Central US
Chilibrillo , Panama
Cold_Air , South Africa
Crystal , Midwest USA
Dayu , Central China
Dongge , Eastern China
Dongge04 , Eastern China
Dongge05a , Eastern China
Heshang , Central China
Liang_Luar , Indonesia
Lianhua , Southern China
Lynds , Tasmania
Mystery , Midwest USA
Sanbao08 , Central China
Sanbao10 , Central China
Soreq_Bar , Israel
Spannagel , Austria
Venado , Costa Rica
In two cases , where there were several speleothem records from the same cave analysed by the same investigators , I have combined them into a single longer record .
Data from different studies of the same cave have a year ( e.g. “ 08 ” , ” 10 ″ ) appended to the name .
I have posted the data I used , along with the R file that I wrote to analyze the data , as a zip file here .
Enjoy !
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
This post is an overview of the smart pointers available in Boost , TR1 , and C++x0 .
It also touches on the availability and portability of the last two options when it comes to various C++ compilers .
General - purpose smart pointers can be divided into two categories : shared pointers and unique pointers .
With shared pointers there could be multiple instances of the smart pointer pointing to the same object .
Shared pointers normally use some form of reference counting to manage the lifetime of the object they point to .
Unique pointers have the restriction of only one instance of the smart pointer managing the object .
Shared pointer implementations are normally differentiated by the location of the reference counter .
The two most commonly used approaches are having the counter embedded into the object itself ( intrusive reference counter ) and allocating the counter separately , normally on the heap .
Another , less frequently used approach , is to allocate the counter in the same block of memory as the object itself .
Unique pointer implementations are normally differentiated by the way they handle pointer copying and copy assignment .
C++-98 std:: auto_ptr is a unique pointer that transfers the ownership of the object from the source pointer to the newly created pointer in case of the copy construction or to the left hand side in case of the copy assignment .
Boost
Boost includes an assortment of smart pointers which are grouped into the header - only smart_ptr sub-library .
The current release contains the following variants :
scoped_ptr < boost/ scoped_ptr.hpp > intrusive_ptr < boost/ intrusive_ptr.hpp > shared_ptr < boost/ shared_ptr.hpp > weak_ptr < boost/weak_ptr.hpp >
Boost scoped_ptr is a unique pointer implementation that does not support copying or copy assignment .
Nor does it support returning a scoped_ptr instance from a function .
intrusive_ptr provides support for objects with an embedded reference counter .
This pointer calls the intrusive_ptr_add_ref ( T* ) and intrusive_ptr_release ( T*) functions to manage the object ’s lifetime .
You are expected to provide suitable implementations of these functions for your object types .
Boost shared_ptr is a shared pointer implementation that uses a separate reference counter allocated on the heap .
weak_ptr is a companion pointer which points to the object owned by shared_ptr without having an increment in the reference counter .
It is primarily useful to resolve cycles in an object ownership graph that would otherwise prevent the objects in the graph from ever being deleted .
One common criticism of implementations with separate reference counters such as Boost shared_ptr is the performance and memory usage penalty incurred by the separate allocation of the reference counter .
To mitigate this issue Boost shared_ptr provides two helper functions , make_shared ( ) and allocate_shared ( ) , that allow you to allocate the reference counter and the object itself as a single memory block .
There are , however , other penalties and limitations associated with this approach .
Firstly , if you have a weak_ptr instance pointing to an object that has already been deleted ( that is , there are no more shared_ptr instances pointing to this object ) , then that weak_ptr will prevent the memory that was used for the object from being freed .
This is because the reference counter used by shared_ptr and weak_ptr is only freed when there are no more instances of either pointer type .
And since the counter and the object are allocated as a single block of memory , they can only be freed together .
The other drawback of the make_shared ( ) implementation is the increase in the object code size .
Due to the way this optimization is implemented , an additional virtual table as well as a set of virtual functions will be instantiated for each object type that you use with make_shared ( ) .
Finally , make_shared ( ) will need access to the object ’s constructor .
This , for example , breaks the canonical object factory implementation where the object ’s constructor is made private to prevent direct construction and the factory is made a friend of the object ’s class .
Making make_shared ( ) a friend is not easy either since it is actually a set of overloaded function templates .
To make use of Boost smart pointers in your application , you will need to add an external dependency on Boost .
Since the smart_ptr library is header - only , you or users of your application wo n’t need to build anything in Boost .
Boost is also fairly portable and can be used with most modern C++ compilers .
The smart_ptr library in particular has been around for a while so even if all of Boost cannot be built with your compiler of choice , chances are you will be able to use the smart pointers .
TR1
Technical Report on C++ Library Extensions , commonly referred to as TR1 , adds the shared_ptr smart pointer implementation to the std::tr1 namespace .
The TR1 shared_ptr has the same interface as Boost shared_ptr .
The only part that is not available in TR1 are the make_shared ( ) and allocate_shared ( ) functions discussed above .
If TR1 shared_ptr is the same as ( or , more precisely , slightly “ less ” than )
Boost shared_ptr , you may be wondering why would anyone use the TR1 version .
You may prefer to use TR1 shared_ptr because its implementation comes with the C++ compiler and your application does not need to have any extra dependencies .
However , if you are already using Boost , then it does n’t make much sense to use shared_ptr from TR1 .
Another potential advantage of the TR1 version are the compiler and platform - specific optimizations that can be implemented by the compiler vendors .
The thread safety of the reference counter operations is one area where such optimizations can make a big difference .
However , in practice and at this time , most implementations of the TR1 shared_ptr are copies of the code from Boost .
The following table summarizes the support for TR1 shared_ptr in widely - used C++ compilers :
GNU g++ since 4.0.0 MS Visual Studio ( VC ++ ) since 2008 ( 9.0 ) with Feature Pack or SP1 Sun Studio ( Sun CC ) not available in the latest release ( 12 Update 1 ) IBM XL C++ since 9.0 HP aCC not available in the latest release ( A.06.25 ) Intel C++ uses TR1 headers from GNU g++ or VC ++
The TR1 specification requires that if new declarations are added to existing headers ( and shared_ptr is added to < memory > ) , such declarations should not be visible to the application code by default .
Instead , the application developer must take some special action to enable TR1 declarations .
With current implementations you are either required to define a special macro or include the TR1 versions of the headers from a different directory .
This can be a major hurdle in writing portable applications that use TR1 .
From the above list , GNU g++ uses the separate header approach and requires that you include headers with the tr1 / prefix in order to get the TR1 declarations .
Visual Studio disregards the TR1 specifications and enables TR1 by default for all applications .
IBM XL C++ requires you to define the __IBMCPP_TR1 __ macro .
And Intel C++ , since it uses the C++ standard library from GNU g++ on Linux / Mac OS X and from Visual Studio on Windows , will behave like one of the two compilers , depending on the platform .
The following code fragment shows how we can include the TR1 - enabled < memory > header in a portable manner :
#include < cstddef > // for __GLIBCXX__ #ifdef __GLIBCXX__ # include < tr1/memory > #else # ifdef __IBMCPP__ # define __IBMCPP_TR1__ # endif # include < memory > #endif
Boost also provides an implementation of TR1 ( since version 1.34.0 ) which is just a thin wrapper around other boost libraries .
So if the compiler version that you are using does not yet support TR1 , you can fall back on the TR1 implementation from Boost .
Note , however , that there are some compiler - specific issues that you may have to resolve if you want to include the TR1 headers using their standard names , for example < memory > .
On the other hand , using Boost - specific headers , for example < boost / tr1/memory.hpp > , should work consistently across different compilers .
See the Boost TR1 library documentation for details .
The following code shows how to include the TR1 - enabled < memory > header if the compiler provides one and how to fall back on the boost implementation otherwise :
#include < cstddef > // __GLIBCXX__ , _HAS_TR1 // GNU C++ or Intel C++ using libstd ++. // # if defined ( __GNUC__ ) && __GNUC__ >= 4 && defined ( __GLIBCXX__ ) # include < tr1/ memory > // // IBM XL C++. // #elif defined ( __xlC__ ) && __xlC__ >= 0×0900 # define __IBMCPP_TR1__ # include < memory > // // VC ++ or Intel C++ using VC ++ standard library .
// #elif defined ( _MSC_VER ) && ( _MSC_VER == 1500 && defined ( _HAS_TR1 ) || _MSC_VER > 1500 ) # include < memory > // //
Boost fall - back .
// #else # include < boost/tr1/memory.hpp > #endif
C++-0x
C++-0 x moves the std::tr1 :: shared_ptr smart pointer to the std namespace and adds support for make_shared ( ) and allocate_shared ( ) .
C++-0 x also deprecates auto_ptr and adds a new unique pointer implementation called unique_ptr .
The new implementation disables the copy constructor and copy assignment operator and instead provides the “ move ” constructor and assignment operator that use rvalue - references as their arguments .
This still allows you to return a unique_ptr instance from a function with the ownership of the pointed - to object being automatically transferred from the function body to the caller .
However , if you want to transfer the ownership from one instance of unique_ptr to another , you will have to do it explicitly with the std : : move ( ) call , for example :
struct s {} ; std::unique_ptr<s > a ( new s ) ; std::unique_ptr<s > b ( std : : move ( a ) ) ; a = std::move ( b ) ;
At this point only a few C++ compilers support C++-0 x and this support is incomplete and experimental .
Currently only GCC g++ ( 4.3 or later ) , VC ++ ( 10.0 ) and Intel C++ ( 11.0 ) provide enough C++- 0 x language support to be able to implement shared_ptr and unique_ptr as specified in the draft of the standard .
So which smart pointer implementation should you use in your application ?
If you have the luxury of using C++- 0x , then the choice is pretty straightforward : use std:: shared_ptr for shared pointers and std:: unique_ptr for unique pointers .
The rvalue - aware implementations of these pointers are too good to ignore .
For the rest of us who can not yet use C++ - 0x , the unique pointer is the old faithful std:: auto_ptr and the choice for a shared pointer is between using the compiler - provided one from TR1 or the Boost implementation .
If your application is already using Boost , then the choice seems pretty straightforward as well : use Boost and forget about different compiler versions , etc .
On the other hand , if your goal is to minimize the external library dependencies , it may be worthwhile to try to use the native TR1 implementation on modern ( and thus more popular ) C++ compilers and fall back on Boost when TR1 is not available .
You may also find the following articles relevant to this topic :
One reason the South African Jewish religious authority , the board of deputies , has tried to back away from the Goldstone bar mitzvah disinvitation is surely the condemnation below from NY congressman Gary Ackerman ( after the jump ) .
Note that Ackerman identifies himself as the Chairman of the House subcommittee on the Middle East but twice invokes the " Jewish people " in his letter and a Jew ’s obligation to his / her community .
Is n’t that something of a contradiction ?
Gosh .
But I guess that ’s why he ’s relating on such familiar terms to Jewish authorities half the world away .
Note too his righteous denunciation of the excommunication .
Apologies to Ackerman , I removed most of his endless criticisms of Goldstone in the letter .
You can find them somewhere else …
April 15 , 2010
Mr. Avrom Krengel
Chairman South Africa Zionist Federation
Johannesburg , South Africa
Dear Mr. Krengel :
As an unapologetic critic of the Goldstone report , and of Judge Richard Goldstone ’s … , I am appalled and utterly disgusted by reports that Judge Goldstone will not be able to attend the bar mitzvah of his grandson due to protest threats by Jewish groups in South Africa .
There is absolutely no justification or excuse for carrying legitimate opposition and criticism of Judge Goldstone ’s ( wretched ) professional work into the halls of his family ’s synagogue , much less the celebration of a 13 year - old Jewish boy ’s ritual acceptance of responsible membership in the Jewish community .
In response to this outrage , according to the Jewish Telegraph Agency , you said “ We understand that there ’s a bar mitzvah boy involved – we ’re very sensitive to the issues and at this stage there ’s nothing further to say . ”
Actually , there ’s rather a great deal more to say .
I take a back seat to no one in strenuous opposition to Judge Goldstone ’s critique …
But there is no excuse for what has been reported if it is true .
Compelling Judge Goldstone to absent himself from his grandson ’s bar mitzvah offends me as a believer in civil discourse and the power of debate and argument ; it offends me as a believer in the fundamental human right to freedom of worship and belief ; it offends me as a defender of the Jewish state and the Jewish people ; it offends me as the president of the International Council of Jewish Parliamentarians ; and it offends me personally as a Jew and a Jewish grandfather .
People are entitled to their views about Judge Goldstone , and mine is that he …
But there is no entitlement to vent justifiable anger about his work at either his community or his family , much less an innocent child .
Doing so is an abysmal moral failure , a disgrace deserving the fullest condemnation by every friend of human freedom and all those who love the Jewish people and the State of Israel .
Sincerely ,
GARY L. ACKERMAN
Chairman , House Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia
Israel stations nuclear missile subs off Iran 30 May 2010 Three German - built Israeli submarines equipped with nuclear cruise missiles are to be deployed in the Gulf near the Iranian coastline .
The first has been sent in response to Israeli fears that ballistic missiles developed by Iran , Syria and Hezbollah , a political and military organisation in Lebanon , could hit sites in Israel , including air bases and missile launchers .
The submarines of Flotilla 7 -- Dolphin , Tekuma and Leviathan -- have visited the Gulf before .
But the decision has now been taken to ensure a permanent presence of at least one of the vessels .
The family had received threats Three Britons - all members of the same family - have been shot dead in a marriage dispute in eastern Pakistan , local police have said .
Mohammad Yousaf , 51 , his wife Pervez , 49 , and daughter Tanya , 23 , were killed at a cemetery in a village near Gujrat .
The three , of Nelson , Lancashire , were shot by four gunmen - understood to be related to them - after an argument broke out .
Another woman was killed .
One man has been arrested and two other suspects are on the run .
Eyewitness Muhammed Anwar described how two groups of attackers had been waiting for the family - inside and outside the cemetery .
Mr Anwar , a relative of those killed , said the family had just arrived and started praying at a grave when they were attacked and shot at .
They went for a wedding and a holiday and they are now having to bury members of their family
Mohammed Iqbal
Family friend
He said the family had been warned to stay away from the village , because of the tension surrounding marital difficulties between Mr Yousaf 's son and a girl , believed to be his cousin , from the village , but nobody had expected such a reaction .
BBC Islamabad correspondent Aleem Maqbool said two of the suspects were believed to be nephews of the murdered couple - who were in Pakistan to attend a wedding .
Police in Pakistan have said the murders were a result of a long - running dispute and , according to our correspondent , are not looking for anybody outside of the family .
Mr Yousaf 's son and his wife are reported to have had a " messy divorce " .
Tariq Abbas Qureshi , Gujrat police chief , said the killings were premeditated and carried out by heavily armed attackers .
The police chief said one of the suspected attackers was in custody and another was killed at the scene due to what appeared to be friendly fire .
Two others are currently on the run .
Family friend Mohammed Iqbal , who sits on Pendle Borough Council and Lancashire County Council , said : " They went for a wedding and a holiday and they are now having to bury members of their family . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said he had known Mr Yousaf for 20 years , adding that the entire family was " devastated " .
And family member Eileen Ansar said what had happened was " an absolute tragedy " .
" You could not meet nicer people , they never did harm to anyone .
It has destroyed the family , " she said .
Ms Ansar said about 70 members of the extended family flew out to Pakistan following news of the deaths .
The BBC's Orla Guerin said the bodies of Mr Yousaf and his wife had been buried side by side after a funeral on Friday .
The funeral of their daughter has also taken place .
She said armed gunmen and local police had provided protection inside the cemetery .
A cousin at the grave site told the BBC the family had been threatened by telephone , she added .
About 100 local men also gathered for afternoon worship at the Jamia Masjid Minhaj - Ul - Quran Mosque in Nelson - where Mr Yousaf attended - to say prayers for the family .
Mohammed Iqbal , secretary of the mosque , said " everybody was shocked " .
The family 's local MP , Andrew Stephenson , read out a statement on the family 's behalf , saying they were " devastated " .
It said : " This is a tragedy for the family and they hope the media do not speculate over the possible motives behind this senseless killing . "
He said Tanya Yousaf , who was a former employee of Pendle Borough Council , was a " well - known and liked member of the community " .
" I have been in contact with Alistair Burt MP , the Under Secretary of State at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , to ensure everything is being done to assist the family at this difficult time .
" We are also working closely with the Pakistani High Commission in London , " he added .
Lancashire Police said it was offering help to their relatives in Nelson .
A spokesman said : " The circumstances surrounding the deaths are unclear at this time but police in Lancashire are liaising with the authorities in Pakistan to ascertain exactly what has happened .
" Officers are speaking with family members in Nelson and they are being offered support at this difficult time . "
Tributes to Tanya have been left on a Facebook page set up in her memory .
' Ray of sunshine '
One friend , Steph Roden , writes : " It 's awful that could happen to anyone .
She was so innocent and quiet at school .
God bless to all the family xxx . "
Another , Lisa Dickens , says : " My thoughts are with the family at this awful time . "
Tanya 's manager Wendy Smith , at business solutions firm Liberata - where she worked a clerical assistant - said she would be " sadly missed " .
" Tanya was a hard - working and conscientious member of the team who was always happy and one of the nicest people we have ever met , " she said .
Colin Patten , the council 's parks and recreations service manager , said Tanya was " a ray of sunshine " and " everyone 's best friend " .
The BBC's Orla Guerin said there were 215 killings in Gujrat last year , most of which are thought to have been related to so - called honour .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
The U.K.'s Duchess of York was caught on camera in a News of the World sting revealed Sunday , apparently offering to sell access to her former husband , Prince Andrew .
Sarah Ferguson , 50 , allegedly asked an undercover reporter posing as a wealthy businessman for a $ 40,000 cash down payment in return for an introduction to the Prince , as well as a $ 724,000 fee wired directly into her bank account .
Ferguson also insisted on a one percent commission from any deals the businessman worked out as a result of her royal connections .
The duchess claimed to have discussed the terms with her former husband , saying , " Andrew said to me , ' tell him £ 500,000 . ' "
SLIDESHOW : 10 Reality Show Comeback Ideas for Fergie .
More On This ... 10 Reality Show Ideas for Fergie
She also suggested Prince Andrew , who works as an unpaid special representative for the government agency U.K. Trade & Investment , would be a willing business partner .
“ Look after me and he ’ll look after you ... you ’ll get it back tenfold .
I can open any door you want , ” she was recorded as saying .
There is no suggestion that the prince was ever aware of the meetings or the claims reportedly made by the duchess .
According to the News of the World , its reporter met the duchess twice -- in New York on May 13 and in London last week .
The newspaper also said the duchess sent representatives to the undercover reporter with a confidentiality agreement ahead of the London meeting .
But when the alleged businessman refused to sign the gagging order , Ferguson went ahead with talks .
Accompanied by two assistants , she told the fake businessman that her former husband , who she divorced in 1996 and has two children with , called her “ five times a day ” and said : “ We ’re the happiest divorced couple in the world . ”
Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the duchess ' alleged actions .
Watch the video at News of the World
Just Like Sugar® the All Natural Sugar Substitute
Just Like Sugar® is a 100 % natural sweetener made from only the purest of ingredients .
Just Like Sugar® comprises a perfect blend of chicory root , calcium , natural flavors from the peel of the orange and Vitamin C .
Just Like Sugar® mimics the attributes of regular cane in every way without any of the negatives from sugars on the market today .
Just Like Sugar® has a proprietary formulation which tastes clean , smooth and sweet .
It does not leave an aftertaste .
“ You need to try it to believe it ! ”
Just Like Sugar® does not contain any soy , yeast , animal derivatives , No “ MSG ” , No L - Glutamic Acid , No D - Glutamic Acid , No Aspartic Acid or preservatives ; it is not fermentable and will not promote tooth decay .
Just Like Sugar® is a great choice for all people who want to reduce their sugar consumption and the use of unhealthy sugar substitutes .
Just Like Sugar is an excellent option for diabetics and the followers of the Paleo diet .
By Eli Clifton
WASHINGTON – The U.S. Senate is moving forward with a 59 - billion - dollar spending bill , of which 33.5 billion dollars would be allocated for the war in Afghanistan .
However , some experts here in Washington are raising concerns that the war may be unwinnable and that the money being spent on military operations in Afghanistan could be better spent .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re making all of the same mistakes the Soviets made during their time in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989 , and they left in defeat having accomplished none of their purposes , ” Michael Intriligator , a senior fellow at the Milken Institute , said Monday at a half - day conference hosted by the New America Foundation and Economists for Peace and Security .
“ I think we ’re repeating that and it ’s a history we ’re condemned to repeat , ” he said .
Intriligator also argued that the real , long - term cost of the war in Afghanistan may completely overshadow the current spending bill .
Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Harvard professor Linda Bilmes estimated that the long - term costs – taking into account the costs of taking care of wounded soldiers and rebuilding the military – of the war in Iraq will ultimately cost three trillion dollars .
Intriligator suggested that a similar calculation for the costs of the war in Afghanistan would indicate a long - term cost of 1.5 to 2.0 trillion dollars .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Why are we putting money into Afghanistan to fight a losing war and following the Soviet example rather than putting money into [ our ] local communities ? ” he asked .
The Senate has been under pressure to approve the spending bill before the Memorial Day recess at the end of the month .
On Thursday , the Senate Appropriations Committee approved the 59 - billion - dollar bill drafted by the committee ’s Chairman Daniel Inouye and Sen. Thad Cochran .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gaining the approval of the Senate Appropriations committee may be the easy part in the push to get the bill to Obama ’s desk by the end of the month .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has already indicated that the spending bill will face more intense opposition in the House as congressional Democrats are predicted to offer put up some resistance to the funding for Obama ’s 30,000 troop surge in Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Experts at the event today expressed their concern with both the physical cost of the war as well as the tradeoffs in spending required by the ongoing costs of fighting the Taliban insurgency .
“ The climate bill , for all its defects , if it has a prayer of passing , might provide some of the money we need to keep the momentum on building a green economy going .
But so could the savings from an Afghan drawdown , ” said Miriam Pemberton , a research fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies .
Intriligator emphasised the human cost of fighting a counterinsurgency campaign not just for U.S. soldiers but for Afghan civilians .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ca n’t distinguish the insurgents or Taliban from the rest of population so we kill a lot of innocent civilians , ” he said .
A number of think tank events this week and the Obama administration ’s push to gain support in Congress for the supplemental appropriations bill coincided with a high - profile visit last week by Afghan President Hamid Karzai who spent four days in meetings with Obama and members of his cabinet as well as with lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
Karzai ’s trip to Washington and the warm reception afforded to him by the White House and lawmakers appeared to be part of a public relations offensive to build support in Washington for Karzai ’s government and Obama ’s troop surge .
Karzai ’s visit came as polls have shown a major downturn in U.S. support for the war in Afghanistan and support amongst NATO allies has been dwindling .
ADVERTISEMENT
In early April , news emerged that Karzai , in a closed door meeting , threatened to drop out of politics and join the Taliban .
A senior Obama administration official retorted that Karzai might be sampling “ Afghanistan ’s biggest export ” – a reference to the widespread opium cultivation in Afghanistan .
The publicity campaign is facing an uphill battle this month but the administration has much to gain by putting a good face on the U.S. relationship with Karzai .
Indeed , the White House will need Karzai ’s cooperation if it is to get Congressional support for passing the spending bill and will require Karzai ’s assistance if Obama is to meet his goal of beginning U.S. troop withdrawals by mid-2011 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Karzai ’s trip appears to have made some progress in showing off a “ reset ” relationship between the Obama White House and the Karzai government but a number of voices here in Washington are raising concerns over whether a U.S. victory in Afghanistan is possible by mid-2011 or at any time in the near future .
“ The fear was that if we withdraw from Afghanistan there will be civil war and external great powers will take sides .
Is that worse than losing American soldiers day after day ?
So there ’s a civil war .
So the regional great partners take sides .
Why would n’t they ?
It ’s their neighbours .
It ’s their borders . ” said Michael Lind , policy director of the Economic Growth Programme at the New America Foundation , at Monday ’s conference .
This article originally ran at Inter Press Service .
Adobe ’s new release of Creative Suite 5 is now available for preorder , and it ’s got a lot of power under its hood .
While CS4 was a decent step forward from CS3 , I would recommend that CS5 is the step to make from CS3 if you decided to stay behind .
Adobe has concentrated , with this release , on improving existing workflows , honing points of user difficulty , and rewriting underlying technologies to enhance them .
The big story for me is that Photoshop is now fully 64 - bit compatible across all platforms , and , as such , is about ten times faster for some operations .
I immediately saw a difference in my workflows ; the app overall boots faster and operates more smoothly now that it ’s addressing all of my processor power .
Connectivity between applications is , in fact , much simpler than it has been before , and Adobe is building in connections via its new line of CS Live online services , most of which we began using in simple ways ( such as Kuler , in CS4 ) .
Now there are new ways to facilitate document reviews via online sharing in Adobe CS Review and speed up proofing methods via Adobe BrowserLab .
This is an overview , so I ’ll be concentrating on the major six apps used in print and online work : Photoshop , Illustrator , InDesign , Dreamweaver , and the Flash twins .
The workflow and changes in the mix for video professionals are pretty magnificent , so I ’m going to save that for an entirely different review .
So , let ’s start with the app that impressed me most with its real , functional changes for the better : Dreamweaver .
Yes , I said Dreamweaver .
Dreamweaver
Dreamweaver is now much more flexible in its project setup and the way it handles dynamic sites .
In previous versions of Dreamweaver , you had to know all of your project ’s server settings to even begin a project .
Now , not so much .
This is a huge help in development — the web ’s development process is very rarely linear in nature .
You can now set up basic parts of your project and fill in the blanks later .
So , for instance , if you do n’t know what your staging server ’s address actually is , you can work around that until you do know .
Huge improvement .
Initial CSS page layouts are now much simpler .
In previous versions , the code comments were presented primarily in the code as commented sections , which did n’t work so well for non-coding designers .
Now , those pieces are also in the text .
The selections themselves are also much easier to navigate and understand .
Another huge improvement is that Dreamweaver now works with PHP - based CMSes .
Preprogrammed into the program are definitions for variables from Joomla , Drupal , and WordPress .
If those CMSes are n’t yours , you can , with the help of your developer , build definitions for your CMS of choice .
If you ’re working in this way , you can access the dynamically - related files associated with whatever element you ’re designing .
So , for instance , if you ’re designing something that would be included in one of WP ’s core files , you can see and filter by file type , via breadcrumb trail , where the file containing your selected element is located .
If you need to edit that , you can , and easily , by way of a system of checkboxes to turn each element off and on , independent of each other element .
This particular feature works really nicely in conjunction with live view , introduced in CS4 — you can now see files as they are being used by the CMS .
Live view also shows you dynamic files as they would be processed in a browser .
This version of Dreamweaver also allows you to inspect and debug your CSS iteratively .
You can , for example , select an element in your design and see a flowed list of attributes applied to that element with the ability to turn each attribute off and on in the context of that particular element .
This is a huge help in finding errant bits of CSS , and helps to stop round - tripping from Dreamweaver to browser as you check work .
Adobe has developed and included access to BrowserLab , a new part of CS Live that allows you to test your work across many browsers .
You can see pages , see and “ freeze ” states of Javascript - triggered items , and compare them .
You can overlay views to compare , look side by side , or see many browsers in a single window .
Think of it as a more streamlined version of BrowserCam .
Flash
The big improvements in Flash CS5 are in typography , animation , workflow , and access to files “ post - authoring ” — an opaque concept to non-programmers , but easily the most important part of this upgrade .
Flash now has a brand new type engine that allows access and control over Open Type features and bidirectional language support .
So you can finally access your typography the way you need to — ligatures , discretionary forms , Arabic and Hebrew scripts .
Flash ’s coding language , Actionscript , is easier to access for non-coders .
It ’s not necessarily easier to use , but there are a ton of included code snippets for common things such as fades , page turns , and animation .
If you ’re a non-coder stuck in Flash for the first time , this will keep you from ripping your hair out .
Animation is enhanced with spring for its IK bones system , ostensibly for people writing animations or games .
To the non-animator , it ’s unimportant , but for the animator , it ’s an introduction of real physics to create more fluid movement , resistance , and collisions — all integral parts of the animator ’s toolbox .
But the big story for me is that Flash files are now XML - based packages rather than binaries .
In the past , if you saved a Flash file , you were left with a single file and no way to access its contents unless you had Flash and a developer to match .
Now with the rewritten file format , you are actually gathering resources into a folder and packaging them with an XML file describing the folder ’s contents .
This means that somewhere down the line , if you need to edit a single portion of the file , but do n’t have access to the original author , you can control - click on the .fla file , select “ show package contents ” — just like you can with any Mac application — and see the included components .
You can access the package ’s components from within Flash as well , of course .
This is an enormous change .
Now Flash projects can live much longer than they used to by opening themselves to further editing ability , and they can be edited by more than one person at a time working on different components .
Flash Catalyst
Adobe ’s new baby this year is Flash Catalyst , which is essentially Flash for non-coders — those of us who simply need to work with rich imagery to create minimally - animated and interactive mini-sites on the fly .
This is a direct response to folks needing to create movie sites and brochureware relying upon more imagery than interactivity , pre-visualization and storyboarding needs , and site - page flows .
Think of it as “ Flash shorthand . ”
The program was specifically created with the visual designer in mind , and there are familiar analogies , like pages and states , that we ’ve all seen in our existing workflows from InDesign and Illustrator .
Catalyst is further integrated into Illustrator , InDesign , and Photoshop via roundtrip editing , which we are already used to using .
( Roundtrip editing means we can select objects created in those programs , return to the original program , make changes , then return in to Flash catalyst with the object automatically updated . )
Animation and video are also easy to incorporate .
Selecting a beginning , select an end , and then create a transition between them .
Easy as that .
Video is as easily dealt with as a placed photo .
To extend Flash Catalyst into Flash and Flash Builder ( Flash ’s sister program created specifically for coders and Actionscript professionals ) , Adobe has incorporated easy ways to connect Flash Catalyst projects with databases via easy mocking up .
They call this “ design time data ” — data that ’s accessed during time of design .
Using design time data simulates what happens when your project is connected to a database to show results from interface elements .
So , for example , if you ’re doing something to show a list of search results designed into your interface , but you do n’t know offhand what those might be , you can add dummy data to simply say “ something will be here ” and then continue designing without worrying about specifics .
Bridge / MiniBridge Adobe has included what is called a MiniBridge in this edition of Creative Suite , and frankly , it finally makes Bridge make sense in apps such as InDesign and Photoshop .
Bridge has always felt clunky and slow to me , because it makes me stop to let it open .
MiniBridge corrects that by showing and allowing the more common Bridge tasks immediately inside the programs rather than stopping you .
***
For Creative Suite ’s core apps — Indesign , Photoshop and Illustrator — I would classify the CS5 upgrades as performance increases rather than major feature additions .
Photoshop has some new things that I personally do n’t think are necessary , but I can see how they could be to people with different workflows .
InDesign
InDesign sports a number of new features we ’ve been requesting for a long time , such as the ability to use multiple page sizes in a single document .
So now , your cover with the half - page overfold does n’t need to be two separate InDesign files .
As we all know , we have too many files to work with already , so the less to lose , the better .
InDesign ’s layers are now just like Illustrator and Photoshop !
There ’s a great new tool called the “ gap ” tool , which lets you resize grids of objects by grabbing the spaces between them and changing those .
Previously , the only way to edit a grid was to edit the position of each box independently , which is tedious to say the least .
Now , you simply grab the space between the items and yank those around to size them properly .
It sounds like a small performance upgrade , but frankly , it ’s a huge timesaver .
And to continue blurring InDesign ’s lines with the interactive world , you can now manage .flv and .mp3 files within InDesign for interactive presentations , and you can export . swf files to be used within Flash .
I do n’t know who exactly is making websites and animated pieces in InDesign , but I ’m sure this will please them .
PDF files can now be exported in the background from InDesign — meaning you click “ export to PDF , ” then go about your business while it grinds away as you do other things in InDesign .
InDesign now has a change tracking feature similar to Word or Pages , and it ’s great for editorial workflows which must be collapsed as our timeframes and publication dates grow smaller .
Photoshop
As stated earlier , Photoshop CS5 is now 64 - bit , which means it starts and operates a lot faster on 64 - bit machines .
This means exactly nothing to the way you work , but it also means that the program now addresses all of your processor power , whereas before it only addressed half of it .
The program sports a lot of refined controls and commands , many of which have been revealed in Adobe ’s own gee - whiz feature reveals .
Most notably , the program now handles complex selections , like hair and fur , and you can pull a Soviet history move on pretty much anything in a photo , making it look like it was never there to begin with .
The content - aware fill tool has been used in showcase examples to delete entire people from scenes , but to my mind , it feels kinda like a circus trick .
The real usefulness comes in when you ’re trying to take care of annoying mundane tasks like deleting wires and cords from photos to clean up the composition .
Complex selections are now a lot more intelligent , making it easier to delete backgrounds and isolate subjects onto a solid color .
The selection tools have a lot more refinement built in than previous versions and can handle changing conditions of edges much more cleanly .
So , for instance , your model standing against a wall with both light and dark areas , as well as not - so - crisp areas of clothing edges , can now be selected much more easily than before .
There ’s an entire feature set now available for High Dynamic Range photo nuts .
You can create actual HDR photos , or you can create photos that simply look like they ’re HDR .
Photoshop now has a lot of new natural - media painting tools , which I ’m not so sure about since I ’m a dyed - in - the - wool Painter fan .
You can use natural - media brushes over photography or on a blank canvas and let paints collide and mix , and therefore turn photographs into paintings in an expressive , realistic way .
There ’s a new HUD color picker that you can invoke without resorting to the color menus , which makes painting a lot faster when you can simply click a key , pick your color , then go back to painting .
You can also change your brushes via a new HUD that allows you specify wet or dry bristles , a fan brush , and so on .
Another new tool is called Puppet Warp , which allows for smooth warping of existing pieces of photos by creating a bones system for the object , then bending it around .
I suppose this could be considered a productivity tool if your photo editor is insane and wants you to move a model ’s arm down by her side when it was originally sticking straight out .
But it ’s actually a neat little feature showing a lot of potential for expressiveness .
One example we saw in Adobe ’s reviewer workshop , a series of long - stemmed roses bent into letters , was quite pretty .
Photoshop ’s raw image processing power has been enhanced quite a bit as well with new controls for non-destructively adding noise and vignettes .
You can correct lens errors and aberrations much more easily than before , and can create custom lens profiles to save , thereby removing the need to re-do lens corrections all the time .
Adobe has extended its 3D capabilities with a new tool called Repoussé , named after a metalworking technique for embossing surfaces with dimensional imagery .
Repoussé lets you add quickly - definable dimensional effects to flat objects .
The 3D toolset is now enhanced for greater control of surfaces , textures , and lighting , and includes an improved raytracing engine .
( These 3D capabilities are part of Photoshop Extended only . )
And lastly , there are lots of new workflow enhancements .
The good ones are often the most simple , such as the ability to save presets for layer effects .
Here ’s an example :
The default Photoshop layer drop shadow is much too dark and dense for me .
Every time I make one , I immediately change the density to 40 % , change the color to a darker version of the object ’s color , and add a tiny bit of noise .
Now I can save that as a preset once and never have to do it again .
In other improvements , it ’s now possible to use overlay guides to crop images and automatically apply the Rule of Thirds or show a grid to more properly compose crops .
Also , there ’s one - click image straightening .
It ’s easier to dismiss dialogs .
You can close all files without saving in a single click , if you have a zillion images open and need to re-do your processing on all of them .
It ’s easier to create custom workspaces .
On , and on .
Illustrator
Illustrator has significant performance enhancements as well .
It now sports perspective guide creation to make drawing in perspective much easier , and in fact will allow you to select drawing along a particular plane in dimension — meaning you can concentrate on drawing , not on getting your perspective right .
There ’s a new set of natural - media brushes , which adds to the existing painting capability by allowing you to create much more expressive , natural strokes on art that needs to be infinitely scalable .
A lot of user - requested performance enhancements are now in effect :
You can control dashed lines so that they line up with corners , control arrowheads more precisely , create variable - width strokes , control how brush stroke stretch by defining “ stretch zones , ” control how brushes interact with corners , and so on .
Illustrator ’s control for web - based designers has also gotten much easier by simplifying aligning items to a pixel grid , thereby giving us our hours back .
Rather than showing a pixel preview and clicking things into place manually , you simply turn on your pixel preview , tell it to align to pixels , and done .
Text anti-aliasing modes can now be set directly in Illustrator , which removes another annoying , unnecessary roundtrip to Photoshop I ’ve needed to make for years .
There ’s also new support for nine - panel scaling , which means you can define objects that stretch the same way they are formed in the CSS box model on the web .
Now , rather than creating a widget and pulling it into place manually with its headers , you create a widget , define its stretch zones , drop it into place , and stretch it as you need .
So much easier , so much faster .
Drawing is also much more intuitive .
You can now draw behind existing objects , thereby removing the stop - and - think moment of figuring out how far back you need to send something .
You can draw directly into masks .
You can control shape - making options much more intuitively than clicking every single shape option in the pathfinder dialog until you get it right .
You can control your artboards much more fluidly .
***
So , after all that , my only negative point about this upgrade is my overall feeling about Adobe ’s performance as a company responding to its customer ’s needs .
On one level , I like a lot of the new features , and they will actually save me time in the day - to - day workflow .
On the other hand , I am still frustrated by its lack of consistency between interfaces , despite that being the primary point of CS4 .
My favorite example of this incosistency is the InDesign text engine and text interface that is slowly making its way from app to app .
This should be uniform across all the applications , but Illustrator has different ways of selecting text from InDesign , while Photoshop ’s methods are also completely different , and now we have a fourth way of accessing features within Flash — and Flash Catalyst does n’t even have the new text engine yet .
It gives me the overall impression that I ’m being made to work in ways that are a direct response to Adobe ’s internal culture rather than what ’s actually easiest for design professionals .
( Edit : Flash Catalyst does have the new text engine as does Flash Pro. Apologies for that mistake ; I had some incorrect notes saying that Flash Catalyst ’s codebase was approved before the new text engine was completed . )
So .
Is it worth it ?
Yes , but not because of the new features .
Yes , for the added performance and speed .
I ’ve been using this in a production environment for a couple of months now , and my workflows have become shorter and more efficient ; it is much easier to work between applications and without pauses .
In that respect , think of this as Adobe ’s response to Apple ’s Snow Leopard release — tons of performance enhancements and simplifications packed into a release that seems less feature - rich , but is turns out to be a huge timesaver .
—
Patric King is owner and principal at House of Pretty , Ltd. in Chicago .
He designs for both print and the web , most recently for Movieline , 2wice , and POV .
You can follow his personal Twitter feed here ( not work - safe , no intention of being so ) or House of Pretty ’s strictly design - related ( work - safe ) Twitter feed here .
See all of his Obsessions posts here .
Featured DesignCast from My Design Shop :
Design + Business +
Strategy : Print to Web from Start to Finish
A three - part series that gives you step - by - step instructions to master the strategic and business aspects of web design from sketch to launch .
First session is April 27 .
Register now !
Pidgin 2.7 was released today , bringing lots of fixes but also some new features / improvements :
- Pidgin now uses GtkStatusIcon for the docklet , providing better integration in notification area
- Added UI for sending attentions ( buzz , nudge ) on supporting protocols - something a lot of users were missing ( but I for one am very annoyed by it ) :
- Make the search dialog unobtrusive in the conversation window ( by making it look and behave like the search dialog in Firefox ) :
- Show file transfer thumbnails for images on supporting protocols ( currently only supported on MSN ) .
The rest of the changes are protocol specific .
One important change has been made to the Yahoo !
protocol : Pidgin now retrieves the pager server address from Yahoo !'s servers directly which should fix forever ( hpefully ) the logging in issues related to Yahoo changing the address .
These are just the most important new features , but many other minor features were added .
A complete changelog for Pidgin 2.7 can be found
Pidgin 2.7.0 can be downloaded via
Pidgin 2.7.0 is not available in it 's Ubuntu PPA for now but it should be available soon ( hopefully ) .
You can add the Pidgin PPA using the following command ( for any of the following : Hardy , Intrepid , Jaunty , Karmic or Lucid ) :
- Default binding of Ctrl + Shift+v to ' Paste as Plain Text ' in conversation windows so you can finally paste content via websites in Pidgin - Show file transfer thumbnails for images on supporting protocols ( currently only supported on MSN ) .
The rest of the changes are protocol specific .
One important change has been made to the Yahoo !
protocol : Pidgin now retrieves the pager server address from Yahoo !'s servers directly which should fix forever ( hpefully ) the logging in issues related to Yahoo changing the address .
These are just the most important new features , but many other minor features were added .
A complete changelog for Pidgin 2.7 can be found HERE Pidgin 2.7.0 can be downloaded via Pidgin.im - for now only Windows binaries and source files are available for download .
for now but it should be available soon ( hopefully ) .
You can add the Pidgin PPA using the following command ( for any of the following : Hardy , Intrepid , Jaunty , Karmic or Lucid ) :
echo deb
http://ppa.launchpad.net/pidgin-developers/ppa/ubuntu `lsb_release -- short -- codename` main | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/pidgin-ppa.list
sudo apt - key adv -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com -- recv-keys A1F196A8
If you can't wait , there is an Ubuntu PPA which provides Pidgin 2.7 already
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:frasten / ppa
Then upgrade to Pidgin 2.7 :
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get upgrade
Special thanks to Antelmo for the Frasten PPA !
( for Ubuntu Karmic and Lucid only ) .
Add it using the following command :
After their anti-tax zealotry left their city in the budgetary lurch , Colorado Springs Republicans have slashed their community 's social services to the bone .
We 're talking big cuts to police , firefighters , park maintenance , public transportation - even turning off the city 's streetlights ( except , of course , in the wealthy areas ! ) .
If this was n't bad enough , the city council this week doubled down on its conservative extremism , officially opposing a congressional jobs bill that would provide roughly $ 43 million to the city in much - needed aid .
Their rationale ?
They do n't want to add to the federal deficit -- a seemingly principled position , until you realize the same city council has had nothing to say about a far bigger deficit culprit : the profligate defense spending that underwrites about a third of Colorado Springs .
You see , for both Springs ' Republicans and the Republican Party nationally , federal deficit spending on huge defense contractors as AOK .
But deficit spending on jobs for the unemployed or basic safety - net services for the very poor in a city that has experienced a big jump in homelessness ?
Well , Republicans are against that because , according to the Springs ' Republican mayor , Lionel Rivera , poor people want to be poor .
That last part sounds like I 'm extrapolating the mayor 's comments , but unfortunately it 's exactly what he said .
Check this out from the Denver Post 's Susan Greene today , quoting The Springs ' mayor :
Thumbing his nose at federal assistance seems to abdicate his responsibilities to the Judd Hesses of his community and others who are down and out , living in tent colonies , arguably not because they want to .
" Some people want a homeless life , " counters ( Mayor ) Rivera , a financial adviser .
" Some people , they really do . "
So there you have it : According to the conservative leader of one of the most conservative cities in America , those thrown out of their homes in this Great Recession actually want to be homeless , so we should n't spend money or -- gasp ! -- dare to raise taxes on the super - rich to generate revenue for programs to help the homeless get back on their feet .
I 'd say that 's about as frank an admission about the Republican Party 's callous attitude these days as any .
Give the Springs ' conservative leadership credit -- at least their honest in their heartlessness and their extremism .
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines .
He has appeared on CNN , MSNBC , CNBC and The Colbert Report .
He has appeared in TV debates with right - wing icons like Ann Coulter , John Stossel and John Fund .
Email : david [ at ] davidsirota.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of bikers have riden through Wootton Bassett to honour the people of the Wiltshire town and the soldiers killed in Afghanistan .
Each rider has paid £ 5 to take part , with the proceeds going to the charity Afghan Heroes .
An estimated 15,000 bikers and pillion passengers congregated at Hullavington Airfield in Wiltshire .
The first batch of 500 riders left at 1100 GMT to ride to Wootton Basset via the M4 motorway .
The event lasted until early evening , with bikers leaving the airfield at 30 - minute intervals to make their way to Wootton Bassett .
About 10,000 riders registered to take part .
They were accompanied by some 5,000 pillion passengers .
' Noise and movement ' Crowds gathered along Wootton Bassett 's High Street to watch the bikers pass the war memorial .
The town 's mayor Steve Bucknell said the " vast majority " of the people in the town " fully support " what the bikers are doing .
I decided to make a Facebook page , and it 's just taken off
Event organier Elizabeth Stevens
In pictures : Bikers ' tribute " Too many times the town has had to stand still in silence but today is all about noise and movement . "
Local MP James
Gray added that people in the town appreciated the gesture and were " very supportive of it indeed " .
Sue Sullivan , from Gloucestershire , is one of those taking part .
She said : " We rode at 1130 GMT and I 've never seen so many bikes .
" I 'm one of thousands of people who support our girls and boys . "
Denise Harris , the founder of Afghan Heroes , said troops on the front line had sent her e-mails backing the event .
Harley Davidson
She told the BBC : " It boosts morale for them .
" I mean they just are so grateful to the general public for their support and their kindness . "
The Bike Run was the idea of 18 - year - old biker Elizabeth Stevens .
The ride was organised by Elizabeth Stevens , 18 , pictured with her partner Ms Stevens , a mechanics student at the Central Bedfordshire College , had only planned to ride through the town with a few friends .
" Our local bike club was throwing around the idea of a bike run , " she said in January , " so I decided to make a Facebook page , and it 's just taken off " .
Ms Stevens is riding pillion on her partner 's Harley Davidson Sportster .
Laurence Phillips from Afghan Heroes said the event had gathered pace after being posted on the social networking site Facebook .
" It 's quite a staggering spectacle and an unbelievable show of support for the troops in Afghanistan and a mark of respect for the town of Wootton Bassett . "
Ch Insp Owen Gillard of Wiltshire Police said the force was working with the Ministry of Defence and Wiltshire Council to ensure public safety , with police escorting the bikers and a helicopter at the scene .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MADE IN CHINA ?
The well - travelled carved pear found in a can by Southland woman Wendy McMahon .
Her attempts to complain have gone pear shaped .
The face carved in a pear fished out of a can by a Southland woman may be the handiwork of a factory worker in a Chinese processing plant two years ago .
That is the only answer the manufacturer and supplier of a can of Budget Pear Halves can give Otatara woman Wendy McMahon about the find that spooked her more than a week ago .
Since discovering the pear , with two eyes , a nose and a mouth etched into it , she had battled with Ora Robinson , a spokeswoman for the company listed on the can , Safeway Traders Ltd , for her complaint to be treated seriously , she said .
At Ms Robinson 's request she sent the pear to Auckland on Thursday for the manufacturer , Heinz - Wattie 's , to investigate .
Ms Robinson phoned her the next day and read her a letter that conceded that during production the pear halves were checked by people at the Chinese plant as a quality control measure .
She then offered her a $ 30 voucher , Mrs McMahon said .
When she refused the voucher , Ms Robinson accused her of money - grubbing , she said .
" I asked her to send the pear back . "
Yesterday , the pear arrived back along with two letters .
The first , from Ms Robinson , says : " As you have declined vouchers for $ 30 for the inconvenience – I am unable to assist you further . "
The second , from Wattie 's quality assurance manager Steve Thompson , labels Mrs McMahon 's complaint as " unique " .
" ... That has never occurred before . "
Mr Thompson admits there was a potential window for the pear to be carved when staff checked the fruit after it had been peeled and sliced in the automated manufacturing process and says the find is " unpleasant " .
" We understand it is unpleasant to open a can and find such a problem . "
Mrs McMahon said her concern was the potential for other food to be sabotaged .
" If this can happen in the factory , what else can happen ? "
Calls by The Southland Times to Safeway Traders Ltd yesterday went through to voicemail .
Late yesterday , a woman who did not identify herself called back and said she was transferring the call to a representative of Foodstuffs Auckland .
That call went through to voicemail , before a spokeswoman called back last night saying she was unaware of the case and was not the person who needed to be spoken to .
Meanwhile , another Southland family has also had a lukewarm response after findng caterpillars living in muesli bars .
Winton woman Cassandra Robertson discovered the larvae in the Mother Earth muesli bars she had packed in her children 's lunches when they brought them home unopened .
Ms Robertson told TV3 she called the 0800 number listed on the pack , but did n't get a sympathetic ear from the company 's spokeswoman , who said it was a common occurrence .
Last week 's strips , with Arthur ruminating on the paths not walked in life , generated more e-mail than any recent strips ... and I wanted to take a second to thank you for that .
It 's always nice to get a personalized note as to why and how a strip touched someone ... and last week was a week of that from dozens of folks all over the world , in all stages of life .
Beautiful Water Drops Macro Photography
Nature is very beautiful and water drops are one of its part .
Water Drops photography or Video clips they are always beautiful .
Here is a collection of most beautiful water drops macro photography by really talented and amazing photographers on deviant art .
Hope you enjoy them .
You might also like to see some of old collections like 40 Macro Photography of Water Drops or Most Beautiful Nature Photography
fallin. by =simoendli
I am purple2 by * dini25
ep89 by ~moongo
Everlasting Monologue by = BatDesignz
. : midnight glow :. by `hellfirediva
Be still :- by * Qa9ed2000
Summoning by * Sortvind
:: FLOATING :: by * onixa
procreation by `werol
But just for today by * iTaylie
Starry by ^impressionenmeer
into the sky .
by =simoendli
daisy blue .
by =simoendli
Microlight by ^impressionenmeer
Gone Forever by * Sortvind
YBRG by * RaBBiTKa
Bronze Goddess by * onixa
Purple Drop by ~sjaB
dandelion nail .
by =simoendli
Flames by ~douapuncteics
. : s p r i n g :. by `hellfirediva
love macro. by ~ julkusiowa
Roses cry tears by `LuneBleu
Pink Love by ~ AstridT
ungu violet … by ~herryhewy
So , I sexed a lizard and saved the universe .
A little later than everyone else , but not too late to share a couple of sets of thoughts .
The first follows , as it ’s an area I do n’t think people have wrestled with enough .
It ’s also as spoilery as spoilery can be .
John reviewed it and Alec was troubled about whether it was an RPG or not .
I tend to side with the position Jim forwards in this week ’s podcast – that it ’s not actually a reduction of the RPG but an extension ( or even apotheosis ) of the shooter .
It ’s something which the - artist - previously - known - as - Cliffy - B has picked up on , talking about it influencing Gears of War 3 , which does make you wonder whether the homoerotic subtext will bubble over into inter-party romance , with Marcus struggling to decide whether to pursue Romance options with the mighty thews of Dom or with the locomotive - sized arms of the Cole Train .
What ’s interesting about Mass Effect is n’t how that it ’s cut away from the RPG – what ’s interesting is that how , by using techniques of the RPG , it expands a shooter .
The traditional way for a shooting game to extend the appeal of the same mechanics is multiplayer .
At least in the modern days , a straight shooting game almost always starts to drag after 15 hours .
By drawing from the RPG toolbox , they ’ve managed to extend that to at least thirty hours , without ever outstaying its welcome .
The 20 - seconds - of - fun of Halo rhythm is turned into a dual structure – the five minute loop ( Five minutes of shooting , followed by a little plot element which gives you a reason for the next five minutes of shooting ) and the one - two hour loop ( the basic length of an episode of the game , moving from conversation to combat and back again ) .
And the main reason why putting greater weight on the shooting works is because – to state the obvious – the shooting ’s a lot better – and any RPG tropes which distracted from the thrust of combat has been jettisoned .
The enormous inventory of weapons approach is a distraction from the combat , if the combat ’s good enough .
The enormous inventory says “ This is a game about choosing your weapons ” .
Mass Effect is a game about shooting that weapon .
If it ’s an RPG , it ’s an RPG which understands that Conan spent his time cutting apart dudes and making out with ladies , not shopping .
The key part of the game which pushes you on is the plot .
And the plot , as many have noted , is primarily the cast and the trouble .
The actual main arc is somewhat slight , with the majority of the game ’s long second act based around gathering your team - mates in a Seven Samurai / Magnificent Seven fashion ( I ’m pretty sure that Thane ’s initial inspiration was Kyūzō / Lee .
And if not them , at least Gelt from Battle From Beyond The Stars ) .
Then , with team gathered , the actual end - game is short - and - sharp , about the similar length of the final act of any normal - length shooter .
The team head in on their suicide mission ?
Will anyone survive ?
And it works , better than any shooter end - game in the last few years .
My heart was in my mouth the whole time .
I have n’t felt as much affection for a group of computer - controlled team - mates since the Chaos Engine , at least .
I simply did n’t want any of them to die .
Even Jacob .
Actually , let ’s talk a little about Jacob , as I feel a little sorry for him .
Yes , he ’s the boring taciturn straight - man , but dramatically speaking it ’s natural that he and Miranda have to take that job .
If you drop someone with a lot more flair as Cerberus ’ representatives , you change the nature of the organisation .
Drop a Jack or a Thane , and you have a bleak , black organisation which is full of fundamentally broken people .
Drop someone with crazed charisma like Mordin , and they ’re loveable funsters .
They wanted Cerberus to be played straight and competent , so they had to have people to play straight and competent .
I also think Jacob was something of a missed opportunity as a character , if only because he ’s the odd man out .
By which I mean , he ’s just a man .
One of the things which Mass Effect 2 is good at is in amping up the implied power of your supporting cast .
These just are n’t people you ’re with .
These are characters of real note .
On one hand , you have the scientific prodigies , designed to be perfect – whether they were created ( Jack , Grunt ) or trained ( Thane ) or both ( Miranda ) .
On the other hand , you have characters who – by their actions – have performed acts which shaped the entire universe ( Zaeed as founder of one of the Mercenary organisations that hounded you , Mordin as the primary architect of the twist of the Genophage ) .
And the ones who are n’t that , are positioned as the highest part of their species – Tali is a foremost genius , Samura as a member of a genuinely legendary order and Legion ( though novelty , even if nothing else ) is clearly unique – the first Geth we ’ve ever talked to .
Note how they re-introduced Garrus , as a mythological creature of Omega ’s underworlds , preying on the cruel like Batman with a sniper - rifle .
They make him alien to you , to make you think of him in a way other than simply “ your old friend ” .
These are big people .
Jacob ’s just a guy .
A well trained guy who ’s done some impressive things … but nothing compared to everyone else .
He ’s in the top .1 % of humanity , I ’m sure … but everyone else is something like .0000001 % in their species .
As such , he must feel like a complete dolt .
It was easy for me to feel a little sorry for him , and be aware of what it must take to walk in this company .
I suspect if they made this explicit , it may have been enough to actually endear him to more people – “ I ’m not as good as everyone else , but I ’ve got to try ” is a character motivation which resonates with most people , because that ’s how most humans tend to view themselves .
But they did n’t do it , and these thoughts totally did n’t stop me dumping his sorry ass when I realised I could sex a choice of not one , but two lizards .
Truly , Mass Effect 2 is the game heptophiles were waiting for .
Anyway , its structure strikes me as interesting for two reasons , both of which I think other developers could do well at looking at .
Firstly , it ’s we talk a lot about games being based on films .
Mass Effect 2 is n’t .
Mass Effect ’s structure is far closer to a television series – and not necessarily one with the tight MUSTWATCHEVERYEPISODEORYOUWILLNOTUNDERSTANDAFUCKINGTHING
structure that ’s currently popular in geek - media .
The semi-loose one .
There ’s a main plot , sure … but an episode is an episode .
I found myself thinking about Firefly as much as Battlestar Galactica , as the recruitment and loyalty missions acted as spotlight episodes on each characters , at first introducing and then resolving them in our minds .
Each character ’s loyalty mission is , basically , as Firefly ’s Jaynestown is for Jayne .
The final suicide mission is the equivalent of the double - length season finale .
When viewed through this prism , the finale seems far less truncated .
Secondly , the whole middle - section is fundamentally a machine for making you give a toss .
Remember : the plot is gather a group of people and take them on a suicide mission .
The suicide mission is the punchline , the Damoclean sword looming over them .
And the mission is only half of it – the key point is that it ’s a “ suicide mission ” .
And that long middle act is about trying to make you imprint on this bunch you ’re leading to almost certain death .
Putting aside the rest of the crew , it has 10 - 12 people in the core cast it wants you to have a preference on whether they live or die .
As evidenced by the length of the middle , it takes a long fucking time to do that .
And , in a world of limited development resources , if they wanted to have that many characters – and that ’s an “ if ” I ’ll return to in the second part – they made the right decision on stressing the caring over the main arc and finale .
Because the fact you do care makes the finale the aforementioned heart - in - mouth ride .
You ’ve spent the last twenty hours building up the power for this final confrontation – gaining the crew ’s loyalty ( which , as mentioned earlier , also has the effect of them gaining yours ) and saving to acquire the upgrades for the Normandy which may give you the edge .
And in that final confrontation , you see if it ’s enough .
You can see – or imagine you see – in every cut - scene , places where it could go wrong .
Because you know it can go wrong – it ’s been foreshadowed by the forced - failure of the abduction of your entire crew ( and , it should be noted , a forced - failure which just about gets away with it , which is a rarity ) .
As you ’re in the final steps before the assault , the ship ’s corridors silence speak to seriousness of the situation .
What could go wrong ?
So , as you progress through the battle in the shadow of a black - hole , the choices weigh on me .
Who to lead the fire - team ?
Who to send on the surely - suicide side - missions ?
I know I ’ve prepared about as much as you could .
I know that I ’m making what are , I suspect , the sensible decisions – Garrus leading the other squads , because he ’s both competent , experienced , loyal and not as hated by everyone else as Miranda .
I mean , I ’m not going to put Jack in charge , y’know ?
Similarly , when it comes to keeping up the Biotic field , it ’s the girl with the ink I ’m going to turn to .
Your whole life has been building up to this , girl .
Let ’s save the godamn universe .
So , yes , I cared .
I wanted to save them all .
If I was going to be the universe ’s Messiah , I was going to be theirs too .
In the end , I lost one .
I sent Hard - nut mercenary Zaaed to escort the Normandy ’s crew home .
I suspected it would have been a suicide run , and already felt iffy for risking the Geth Legion in the tunnels .
I could n’t send Legion .
Zaaed made sense .
He ’s a warrior – he could get through .
And if I had to lose someone … it ’s you , man .
I ’m sorry .
A flicker of guilt when the report of him being gunned down saving them all comes through , but it ’s only a flicker .
As sacrifices go , it was even narratively satisfying .
On his own mission , I lost his loyalty by insisting he go and save the people he endangers instead of pressing on with his hunt for vengeance .
So him dying protecting people … well , makes sense .
I ’d like to think that in his final moments , he knew that .
I also know , it ’s not true , and as the Collectors took him down he’d be thinking FUCKING SHEPHERD HAS GOT ME BLOODY KILLED !
THE FUCKING COW !
A flicker of guilt in the mission , I said .
It hardened into something else afterwards , when I went to his memento - filled quarters , and found it just as he left it .
Bar him .
Oof .
I got you killed , and I did it deliberately .
Sorry , man .
But the rest I saved .
I ’m glad .
As the final cuts - scene of the game proper , with my own dirty - dozen ( minus a couple ) hanging around the bay , I smiled .
It turned out okay .
I wished it had n’t .
That ’s the thing .
As warm as I felt towards them , I knew I ’d have felt better feeling worse .
The films which inspired Mass Effect 2 realised this , making you fall in love with the Samurai and Cowboys and military - bad - boys and then mowing them down .
Supporting cast ?
They live to die .
Writers are on some level sadists .
We make you care because we know then we can hurt you more , because making you feel is what you came for .
I played the game pretty well .
I was prepared as I could reasonably be .
For all the preparations to be enough … well , it seemed to undercut the theme a little , the sense of desperation and heroism against overwhelming odds .
Thanks to everything I did , the odds were n’t overwhelming .
What was a suicide mission was actually … just a mission .
The back of the box has a final line : they call it a suicide mission .
Prove them wrong .
By allowing you to do exactly that , by denying the game an Aeris moment if you play it well , is the thing I think which will keep Mass Effect 2 from a long - term position as a top - rank classic .
As it is , it ’ll just have to make do with being the prime contender for game of the year .
Another thought struck John and I when talking about the game this morning .
If you simply power through the game , without doing any loyalty missions or any extraneous talking , I dare say you could do it in about the length of a normal shooter .
Then , since you ’re entirely unprepared , in the end - game would see your whole crew gets wiped out and your Shepherd dying , falling to the death after the destruction of the Collectors is ensured .
In other words , experience the tragic ending which – on some level – I wanted to see .
The irony being , the main reason why this would resonate , why seeing Jack get taken apart due to the insufficiently armoured hull , seeing
Thane die while hacking in a tunnel , for everyone to fall and not get up again would move me would n’t be anything in that playthrough .
It ’ll be because of the memories of the previous game , when I considered them friends .
If someone actually played the game this way , careless and slapdash , I suspect the deaths of your crew would mean little .
Still : Fantastic game .
Next time I ’ll play terrible back - seat designer and say where I think the future for Mass Effect and its children should be .
Knut 's got talent Knut 's got talent
Over the last few weeks a phenomenon has been sweeping the cultural headlines of Norway .
Qt Community Manager and friend of KDE Knut Yrvin has been amazing the judges of Norske Talenter ( Norway 's Got Talent ) with his robotic moves ( YouTube video ) .
Tonight is the final and Knut has made it to the last few contestants .
The streets of Oslo will be silent as everyone will be eagerly watching the Norwegian Ant and Dec introduce the acts .
Will Knut triumph or will the judges buzz him out ?
KDE will be backing him all the way .
Update : unfortunately he failed to make first place , the Norwegian Simon Cowell must have just as poor judgement as the original .
Knut will always be a winner with KDE and we look forward to a repeat performance at Akademy .
Coverage on YouTube .
I am SOOOOOO excited to tell you guys about this new book & give a few copies away - yay !
Good luck !
RULES :
- The first 5 people to email imremembering@gmail.com will get a copy .
- You must put AS IF in the subject line of the email to be eligible .
- Only the winners will be notified .
Here ’s a little teaser :
In the first book of its kind , Jen Chaney has compiled an oral history of the making of this iconic film using recollections and insights collected from key cast and crew members involved in the making of this endlessly quotable , ahead - of - its - time production .
This wonderful twentieth anniversary commemoration includes never - before - seen photos , original call sheets , casting notes , and production diary extracts .
With supplemental critical insights by the author and other notable movie experts about why Clueless continues to impact pop culture , As If ! will leave fans new and old totally buggin ’ as they understand why this beloved film is timeless .
Last week I noted that Rep. Steve King was going to be on the Family Research Council ’s “ Washington Watch Weekly ” radio program over the weekend to discuss ENDA … but then I totally forgot about it .
But fortunately Jason Hancock of the Iowa Independent remembered and caught King telling FRC ’s Tony Perkins that if gays do n’t want to be discriminated against because of their orientation , they should just keep quiet about it :
If homosexuals want to avoid discrimination they should be more discrete about being homosexual , U.S. Rep .
Steve King , R - Kiron , said Tuesday on the radio program of Family Research Council President Tony Perkins .
King and Perkins were discussing the federal Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , a bill that prohibits workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity .
Perkins expressed fear that “ someone could come in dressed one day as a woman or a man , the next day they come in dressed as the opposite sex ” and an employer would be “ helpless to do anything about it . ”
King agreed , saying the legislation opens the door to Christian businesses getting entrapped by the “ homosexual activist lobby . ”
“ I can imagine someone coming in and interviewing one day in man ’s clothes and come back the next day and apply for a job in woman ’s clothes , and then setting up a lawsuit in a sting operation to harass our religious organizations , ” he said .
King then told a story about his days in the Iowa Senate , when gay activists came to lobby a fellow Republican lawmaker , state Sen.
Jerry Behn of Boone , for protected status for sexual orientation and gender identity .
He said , “ Let me ask you a question .
Am I heterosexual or homosexual ? ”
And they looked him up and down — and actually they should have known — but they said “ We do n’t know . ”
And he said “ Exactly my point .
If you do n’t project it , if you do n’t advertise it , how would anyone know to discriminate against you ? ”
And that ’s at the basis of this .
Frage :
In der politischen Debatte wird auch darüber nachgedacht , ob das Mandat , das die Bundeswehr in Afghanistan hat , ausreicht , weil wir uns inzwischen in einem Krieg befinden .
Brauchen wir ein klares Bekenntnis zu dieser kriegerischen Auseinandersetzung und vielleicht auch einen neuen politischen Diskurs ?
Köhler : Nein , wir brauchen einen politischen Diskurs in der Gesellschaft , wie es kommt , dass Respekt und Anerkennung zum Teil doch zu vermissen sind , obwohl die Soldaten so eine gute Arbeit machen .
Wir brauchen den Diskurs weiter , wie wir sozusagen in Afghanistan das hinkriegen , dass auf der einen Seite riesige Aufgaben da sind des zivilen Aufbaus – also Verwaltung , Korruptionsbekämpfung , Bekämpfung dieser Drogenökonomie - , gleichzeitig das Militär aber nicht alles selber machen kann .
Wie wir das vereinbaren mit der Erwartung der Bevölkerung auf einen raschen Abzug der Truppen .
Ich glaube , dieser Diskurs ist notwendig , um einfach noch einmal in unserer Gesellschaft sich darüber auszutauschen , was eigentlich die Ziele dieses Einsatzes sind .
Und aus meiner Einschätzung ist es wirklich so :
Wir kämpfen dort auch für unsere Sicherheit in Deutschland , wir kämpfen dort im Bündnis mit Alliierten , mit anderen Nationen auf der Basis eines Mandats der Vereinten Nationen , einer Resolution der Vereinten Nationen .
Alles das heißt , wir haben Verantwortung .
Und ich finde es in Ordnung , wenn in Deutschland darüber immer wieder auch skeptisch mit Fragezeichen diskutiert wird .
Meine Einschätzung ist aber , dass insgesamt wir auf dem
Wege sind , doch auch in der Breite der Gesellschaft zu verstehen , dass ein Land unserer Größe mit dieser Außenhandelsorientierung und damit auch Außenhandelsabhängigkeit auch wissen muss , dass im Zweifel , im Notfall auch militärischer Einsatz notwendig ist , um unsere Interessen zu wahren , zum Beispiel freie Handelswege , zum Beispiel ganze regionale Instabilitäten zu verhindern , die mit Sicherheit dann auch auf unsere Chancen zurückschlagen negativ , bei uns durch Handel Arbeitsplätze und Einkommen zu sichern .
Alles das soll diskutiert werden , und ich glaube , wir sind auf einem nicht so schlechten Weg .
KENT , Ohio —
Black pillars mark four sites on the east side of Kent State University — each memorializing one of the four college students killed by the Ohio National Guard during antiwar protests on May 4 , 1970 .
Torey Wootton , now a freshman , wants to lie in one of those sites , to understand what her uncle Paul Ciminero felt on that warm and sunny day 40 years ago as he stood watching Jeffrey Miller , a fellow student , die in that spot .
Mr. Miller was shot in the mouth by a National Guardsman .
“ It ’s just to take a moment and reflect and appreciate , more than try to connect to it , ” said Ms. Wootton , 19 , a musical theater major from nearby Akron .
“ I want to look at the space around because that might have been the last thing that they got to see , ” she said of the fallen students .
Aus Büchern eine Bombe gemacht Marcus Born
Die Soziologin Pinar Selek über die Gründe , warum sie in der Türkei verfolgt wird , und wie die Männer durch das Militär formiert werden
Die Soziologin Pinar Selek , die sich in ihren Veröffentlichungen insbesondere für die Rechte von Minderheiten einsetzt , wurde in der Türkei wegen eines angeblichen Bombenattentats auf einem Istanbuler Markt inhaftiert und gefoltert .
Obwohl mehrere Gutachten belegen , dass keine Bombe , sondern eine Gasflasche explodierte , wurde ein 2006 erfolgter Freispruch vom obersten Kassationsgericht in Ankara wieder aufgehoben .
Der Autorin droht nach Wiederaufnahme des Verfahrens lebenslange Haft , wogegen international Widerspruch erhoben wurde .
Mit ihrem soeben in Deutschland erschienenen Buch zur Identitätsbildung im Militär , in dem sie Männlichkeitsmechanismen aus feministischer Perspektive beleuchtet , hat sie in der Türkei wiederum Aufsehen erregt .
Pinar Selek
Sie wurden 1999 angeklagt , auf einem Istanbuler Markt eine Bombe gelegt zu haben .
Daraufhin hat man Sie zweieinhalb Jahre lang inhaftiert .
Wie erklären Sie sich , dass es zu dem Prozess gekommen ist , der nun in seine dritte Runde geht ?
Pinar Selek : Das ist sehr schwierig zu erklären .
Es gibt eine ernsthafte Diskussion in der Türkei darüber , warum man sich so sehr gegen mich wendet .
Dies ist eine wichtige Diskussion .
Denn einige Kräfte haben mich als Symbol ausgesucht , um den Menschen Angst einzujagen .
Darüber hinaus gibt es sehr unterschiedliche Kreise , die mit lauter Stimme über meine Arbeit diskutieren und darüber , warum diese Arbeit das System stört .
Als Soziologin behandle ich Themen , die tabuisiert sind .
Ich forsche nicht nur darüber , sondern bin Teil einer effektiven Bekämpfung von Gewalt , Militarismus , Krieg , Sexismus und jeglicher Diskriminierung .
Deswegen passiert mir das , was mir passiert ist .
Das ist bekannt .
Deswegen wird in der Türkei nun mehr über meine Arbeit diskutiert und über die Bücher , die ich geschrieben habe .
Das bedeutet , diese Kreise haben ihre Ziele nicht erreicht .
Man hat mich wegen meiner Arbeit zur PKK in Gewahrsam genommen .
Ich sollte die Namen der Menschen verraten , mit denen ich gesprochen hatte .
Ich war nicht bereit dazu und stand zu meiner Arbeit und Forschung .
Daraufhin wurde ein großer Komplott gegen mich gestartet .
Man hat meine Arbeit genommen und versucht , sie in eine Bombe umzuwandeln .
Sie haben alles getan , um mich zu terrorisieren .
Aber ich habe mich gewehrt .
Ich habe zweieinhalb Jahre im Gefängnis verbringen müssen .
Als ich rauskam habe ich meine Opposition weitergeführt und wie früher einen effektiven Kampf gegen Krieg und Gewalt geführt .
Wäre ich zu Hause geblieben , wäre der Prozess nicht in die dritte Runde gegangen .
Wären Sie bereit , von Ihren Erfahrungen im Gefängnis zu berichten ?
Pinar Selek : Ja.
Ich habe die Soziologie gewählt , weil ich die gewohnten Traditionen , die gesellschaftlichen Interaktionen und das Leben verstehen wollte .
Seitdem ich mich mit diesen
Themen beschäftige , versuche ich die Wahrheit sichtbar zu machen , die mit dem bloßen Augen nicht zu sehen ist .
Das ist natürlich eine schwierige Aufgabe .
Sie müssen Grenzen überschreiten , im Müll wühlen und mit Menschen sprechen , die im Schatten stehen .
Ich habe das gemacht und deswegen wurde ich mit verschiedenen Gefahren konfrontiert .
Doch als ich dann angefangen habe , zum Thema PKK zu arbeiten , war die Rache des Staates sehr hart .
Folterung durch Strappado , Elektroschocks und Stromschläge am Kopf und noch vieles mehr !
Sie wollten zwar angeblich die Namen der Menschen , mit denen ich gesprochen habe – das , worauf sie hinaus wollten , war aber , mich so weit zu bringen , meine Arbeit zu beenden .
Ich sollte also mit ihnen kooperieren und diesen Prozess beenden .
Man wollte mich bestrafen und verletzen .
Das verstehe ich heute viel besser als damals .
Einen Monat , nachdem man mich mit der Anschuldigung festgenommen hatte , ich hätte PKK - Mitgliedern geholfen , habe ich im Fernsehen gesehen , dass ich zur " Bomberin von Misir Carsisi " ( Ägyptischer Basar ) ausgerufen wurde .
Das ganze wurde immer schlimmer und ich habe mich in einem schrecklichen Science - Fiction Film wiedergefunden , so habe ich mich gefühlt .
Ich habe versucht , mich davor zu retten , aber es hat nicht geklappt , es hat mich wie ein Albtraum verfolgt .
Trotz alledem habe ich im Gefängnis eigentlich eine gute Zeit verbracht .
Ich habe ein wichtiges Buch geschrieben , ich habe wichtige Menschen kennen gelernt .
Ich konnte die Segel für ein neues Leben , für neue Erfahrungen setzen .
So war es mir möglich , mich weniger mit meinen eigenen Schmerzen zu beschäftigen .
Aber das , was mir am meisten Kraft gegeben hat war die Solidarität , die " draußen " begann .
Insbesondere meine Familie und Freunde haben ein großes Netz der Unterstützung gewoben .
Ich habe mich nie alleine gefühlt .
Womit haben
Sie sich in der Zeit im Gefängnis beschäftigt ?
Pinar Selek :
Ich habe eigentlich in einer Zeit in einem Gefängnis gesessen , in der die Gegebenheiten besser waren als heute .
Ich war in einer großen Gemeinschaftszelle für 70 - 80 Inhaftierte , es gab eine hohe Fluktuation .
Ich habe viele Artikel geschrieben , in dieser Zeit von knapp zweieinhalb Jahren .
Ich habe ein historisches Buch vorbereitet , das die militaristische Organisation in der Türkei und den Widerstand für Frieden erklärt .
Ich habe es sogar geschafft , dieses Buch aus der Zelle heraus zu publizieren .
Wie haben sich der Prozess und die Haft auf Ihre Familie und Ihr persönliches Umfeld ausgewirkt ?
Pinar Selek : Die schlimmsten Auswirkungen hatte meine Haftzeit auf meine Familie .
Wenn es nicht solch einen Komplott gegeben hätte , wäre ich also zum Beispiel nur wegen meines Buchs festgenommen worden , wäre es anders ausgegangen .
Doch überlegen
Sie sich doch einmal : Ich wurde von heute auf morgen zur Terroristin ausgerufen .
Ich wurde in der Presse zur Zielscheibe gemacht und es wurde die Todesstrafe gegen mich gefordert .
Das Herz meiner
Mutter hat das alles nicht ausgehalten und wir haben sie in dieser Zeit verloren , sie verstarb .
Ich kenne keinen größeren Schmerz als diesen .
Meine Schwester war eine erfolgreiche Managerin , die ihren Job kündigen musste .
Sie hat die Aufnahmeprüfungen für die Universitäten noch einmal bestanden und wurde Anwältin .
Zusammen mit meinem Vater und weiteren , hunderten Anwälten verteidigt auch sie mich .
Ja und mein Vater … er ist heute 80 Jahre alt und arbeitet trotz seines hohen Alters mit einer großen Energie .
Trotz allem kämpft meine Familie einen juristischen Kampf .
Auch meine Freunde und meine Verwandten wurden negativ beeinflusst , aber sie haben mich nie alleine gelassen .
Meine Gerichtsverhandlungen zogen sich lange hin , aber trotzdem waren immer Hunderte von Menschen dort anwesend .
Viele Institutionen , insbesondere Frauenorganisationen , haben in diesem Prozess Partei ergriffen .
Ich denke , ich stehe heute deswegen auf meinen Beinen , weil es diese Unterstützung gab .
Im Augenblick wohnen Sie in Berlin , während der Prozess in der Türkei wieder aufgerollt wird .
Wie sind Sie in Deutschland aufgenommen worden ?
Pinar Selek : Ich habe auch in Deutschland eine große Solidarität erfahren .
Am Anfang fühlte ich mich in Deutschland schlecht , ich konnte keinen anrufen , hatte keine Energie dazu .
Aber die Menschen haben mich hier gefunden und es wurde ein Netz der Solidarität um mich herum gewoben .
Zunächst hat mir die Heinrich Böll Stiftung ein Stipendium gegeben .
Ich habe eine Zeit lang in dem Haus von Heinrich Böll gelebt , in dem auch andere Schriftsteller gelebt und gearbeitet hatten .
Ich habe hier Schriftsteller aus verschiedensten Regionen der Welt getroffen .
Sie hatten ähnliche Geschichten wie ich .
Diese Geschichten haben mir Kraft gegeben .
Jetzt bin ich mit der Unterstützung von PEN - Deutschland in Berlin .
PEN - Deutschland hat mir sowohl Lebensunterstützung gegeben als auch eine Kampagne über meinen Gerichtsprozess gestartet .
Diese Kampagne ist auf Deutschland begrenzt , aber auch in Frankreich , in der Schweiz oder in Österreich gibt es verschiedene Unterstützungskampagnen .
Ich lebe zwar in Berlin , fahre aber von einem Land zum anderen und nehme an verschiedenen Veranstaltungen teil .
Es ist zwar sehr traurig , von meinem Land , meiner Familie und Freunden getrennt zu sein , aber ich kämpfe meinen Kampf in anderen Ländern der Welt weiter .
Der deutsche Titel Ihres Buches ist " Zum Mann gehätschelt .
Zum Mann gedrillt : Männliche Identitäten " .
Ausgehend von Gesprächen mit Männern thematisieren
Sie die Sozialisierung durch den Militärdienst .
Welche Rolle spielt das Militär in der Mannwerdung ?
Pinar Selek : Der Wehrdienst ist in der Türkei eine wichtige Erfahrung .
Die Länge des Wehrdienstes variiert nach der Ausbildungssituation des Kandidaten .
In jedem Fall ist es für das Leben eines jeden Mannes eine wichtige Zeit .
Der Wehrdienst zeigt , wie Militarismus über soziale Macht funktioniert , und er zeigt die dominierenden Kräfte in einer homosozialen Gesellschaft , also einer Gesellschaft mit nur einem Geschlecht .
In dem Buch zeige ich , wie Männer die Gewalt kennen lernen , wie sie auf eine hierarchische Gesellschaft vorbereitet werden , indem sie diszipliniert werden , wie sie heruntergemacht werden , wie sie nach einem staatlichen Unterricht zu bemitleidenswerten Gestalten mutieren .
Männer erleben im Militär sowohl das Versprechen zur Macht als auch die Machtlosigkeit .
Wenn sie nach dieser Ausbildung zurück nach Hause kehren , sind sie " staatlich " .
Was heißt das ?
Sie wissen ganz genau , wann sie sich beugen müssen , wann sie flüchten , wann und wie sie sich verstecken müssen , wo sie aufmüpfig sein können , wann , wo und wie sie Gewalt anwenden können .
So eine Männergestalt wird den Männern in der Türkei übergestülpt .
Aber es ist gut , dass es einen Widerstand dagegen gibt .
Zumindest die Männer um mich herum versuchen , sich diesem Druck nicht zu beugen .
Sie erdulden deshalb sehr viel , einige sind aber dennoch erfolgreich .
Inwiefern lässt sich das , was sich in Ihren Gesprächen ergeben hat , verallgemeinern ?
Pinar Selek : Ich versuche von Verallgemeinerungen
Abstand zu nehmen .
Die Männer , mit denen wir Interviews geführt haben , haben alle sehr verschiedene Eigenschaften .
Gerade deshalb ist das , was sie gesagt haben , sehr wichtig .
Im Buch zeigen sich viele unterschiedliche Weisen des Umgangs mit dem Thema .
Viele sagen trotz aller Schwierigkeiten , Männer sollten zum Militär gehen , denn dadurch würden sie hart , könnten heranreifen und sich auf ihre späteren Rollen vorbereiten .
Dieses Verständnis , das in der Türkei sehr verbreitet ist , drückt sich auch in dem Satz aus : " Einen Teig kann man nicht essen , bevor er gebacken ist . "
Übersetzung : Murad Bayraktar .
Pinar Selek : Zum Mann gehätschelt .
Zum Mann gedrillt .
Männliche Identitäten .
Orlando Verlag , 2010 .
240 Seiten . € 18 .
( Marcus Born )
We 're not knocking the official " Iron Man 2 " posters -- they 're ok , and all -- but really , who needs the real thing when the fan versions look like this ?
This beauty ( and the next two ) are by by Tyler Stout and Mike Saputo , and should be on sale eventually at Mondo .
( Via Super Punch )
From Jesse Phillips :
Steve Martin on The Tonight Show as The Great Flydini ( Video )
So funny it might induce tears , but I ’m sure The Great Flydini has a tissue for you .
Tip o’ the hat to Chris Hart , a graphic design artist with a ripping sense of humor .
# 69 Sail Away
I know Styx does n't mention carrots , but somehow it still works .
Happy summer everyone !
Ours will be filled with gardening and kayaking and other awesomeness .
What 's the difference between an overcomplicated story with a ton of detours , and a brilliant tapestry ?
Often , it boils down to whether all your added complications fit within a theme .
Here are five rules of thematic storytelling that may help .
Advertisement
Watching the last batch of episodes of Lost , it 's been occurring to me just how hard it is to make any kind of story " fit " together .
Whether it's a novel or a TV series or a set of graphic novels , when you set out to tell a story , most of the time you can hardly glimpse where you 're going to end up .
And the best stories are often the most complex , with the most intriguing connections .
The richest seams of storytelling are often the ones you open up by accident , halfway through , and the stuff you 'd planned way in advance often fizzles .
This is no doubt twice as true if you 're making a television show , and you have actors who want out of their contracts early , or a million other unexpected things happen .
But it 's true in every medium :
The supplies you cram in your rucksack for the journey ahead often turn out to be useless , and you find great stuff laying in your path along the way .
Advertisement
And thinking about these issues , I 'm going to propose a handful of laws — and by laws , I mean ways of thinking about these topics .
I 'm not going to try and behead you if you disagree with these :
1 ) Storytelling tends towards complexity .
Subplots accrue .
Cool ideas pop up , and characters at the fringes of your vision tend to crowd into the frame .
The more time you have , the more complex your story tends to get , and the more random elements barnacle their way onto your hull .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
2 ) Complexity can add to your story , or it can just be needless .
Think of it as the difference between grace notes on the one hand , and red herrings on the other .
Not that there 's anything wrong with red herrings .
There 's a reason why Five Red Herrings is arguably the best Lord Peter Wimsey novel .
( Apologies to Harriet Vane fans . )
But often times , red herrings just stink after a bit .
Or rather , too many red herrings can feel pointless .
3 ) The difference between grace notes and red herrings is theme .
Not plot .
Theme .
You can make any amount of complexity figure into your plot — or at least , you can make it appear to , which is near enough .
Your MacGuffin can pass through an endless series of hands , or your journey can have endless detours .
But incorporating endless complexity into your plot does n't save it from being a series of red herrings — only thematic consistency can do that .
If your added elements seem to fit a theme , or amplify the central idea of the story , then they 're grace notes .
Advertisement
4 ) You can't force things to fit a theme .
And you can't always introduce things for thematic purposes .
Theme is harder than plot in many ways .
If it 's too self - conscious , it 's deadly and your story turns preachy or bludgeony .
We 've all read books or seen television shows where various characters all spout a particular word or bring up a particular idea , to let you know that 's the theme .
( I love the Doctor Who story " Survival , " but it 's not exactly subtle about letting you know its over - arching theme .
It 's even in the title . )
Often , when you 're writing or otherwise percolating a story , you wo n't know what themes come up until you 're a ways into it .
With a really good story , you wo n't know what themes people are going to see in it until years later in many cases .
5 ) If you do a good enough job of integrating your complexity into a theme , or a cluster of themes , then the readers / viewers wo n't care nearly as much if you do n't explain every last little thing .
It 's only when the threads stick out that we can't stop wondering where they go .
Advertisement
So how do you make sure that your complexity enriches your story instead of burying it ?
That 's the tricky part .
You could write a jillion books on how to develop themes , without necessarily hitting the mark .
And I 'm sure lots of people have divergent ideas on the subject .
Advertisement
Still , I have strong opinions on this subject , and it 's something I 've thought about a lot .
So here goes .
I think that theme is something that sort of bubbles up from the unconscious .
It emerges during the telling of the story , and it 's something that must be at least somewhat accidental , or it 's not worthwhile .
A story told with a conscious theme in mind is a homily .
At the same time , patterns are bound to become plain as the story emerges .
You make choices , your characters make choices , and those choices mean something .
Also , your characters talk about what they 're thinking and feeling , and sometimes — we hope — those utterances mean something as well .
Those bits of meaning are like sonar pings , and you can sort of triangulate them to arrive at a theme .
Except that it 's rarely that tidy , and this is not a science in any way .
Advertisement
So if it 's not necessarily a great idea to think about theme before you start creating your story , when is it a good time to do this ?
Speaking from my own experience — and your mileage my vary — you probably do n't want to stop and interrogate yoru theme during those times when the story is just pouring out of you and the road ahead is clear as daylight .
When you 're rolling forward like a juggernaut and everything is flowing , the last thing you want to do is stop and think , " Hey , what does this all add up to ? "
Advertisement
So when do you think about theme ?
Again , from personal experience , you do it when you 're stuck , or when you 're editing .
Let 's take the first one — sometimes you get stuck in a dead end , because all of that joyful downhill racing has left you in a ditch .
At such times , you may have to backtrack .
You may also want to think about your major characters and what they 're actually thinking , and what they 'd really do in this situation .
But it 's not a bad idea , also , to sit and think about what you 've written prior to being stuck , and seeing what it adds up to .
And maybe , that helps you see the way forward , or else where you went wrong .
Sometimes , it 's clear that it all adds up to something — except for one or two elements that seemed like a great idea at the time .
Advertisement
And then , when your novel is done or your story is otherwise in a first draft sort of state , you can sit and think about theme — and this may help you figure out what to cut , or what you need to develop further .
I 'm sure some people would tell you that you should n't ever think about theme at all — that it 's not the writer 's job .
And it 's true , like I said above , that too much self - conscious theme - wrangling can easily become clumsy or even precious and twee .
But I think that to the extent that plot , story and theme are three different things , the first two depend on the third to achieve real greatness .
Anyone can construct a competent plot .
Most stories are a variation of " someone achieves a goal , someone learns something , someone takes a journey , blah . "
Theme is often what elevates plot above gimmick and story above cliché .
Advertisement
This is why — slight tangent here —
I keep telling anyone who'll listen that Supernatural is the most literary show on television , possibly ever .
Not just because it tells one coherent story from beginning to end , over five seasons .
But also because it has a strong thematic texture that 's in the first episode just as much as the last episode .
Watch any episode from season one and then the finale , " Swan Song , " and you 'll see the same issues being discussed .
The graveyard conversation between Michael and Lucifer could be a Dean - Sam conversation from any episode in the first season , the good son versus the rebellious son .
The reason Sam and Dean beat the Archangel and the Devil is because they 've outgrown those roles , slowly and painfully , over five seasons .
They 've done what the angels could not — they 've grown and learned to understand and respect each other .
They 've realized that family is more important than these petty disputes , and that things are always more complex than just " the good son versus the rebellious son . "
These roles are the reason why Lucifer and Michael wanted Sam and Dean as vessels in the first place , but the Winchester brothers do n't fit them any more .
At the end of the five - year Kripke arc , you no longer need to ask why God would prefer humans to angels — it 's been made plain .
And that 's good storytelling , because it 's thematically rich .
Advertisement
Not to mention , character and theme are unified — the theme is n't imposed on the characters , but it comes from them naturally , without forcing .
It 's tempting to think of theme as something your readers impose on the story after you 're long done with it .
Or something that critics invent as a way of discussing your story in a cleverer way than just " OMG , that was so sad . "
But I think a lot of writers do think about theme while they 're deep inside a story , and it 's a tool you can have in your toolkit to help you recognize the difference between brilliant additions and clutter .
And it may help you figure out where you went wrong if you get stuck on a back - road to nowhere .
Advertisement
Just remember that whatever you think the theme of your work is , your readers / viewers / stalkers will no doubt tell you that it 's something totally different .
That does n't mean you failed — if anything , it probably means you succeeded in creating something coherent and luminescent , after all .
Magazine covers by Micky The Pixel , Pixel Jones , and Twin Cover Collector on Flickr .
Full article access for Neurosurgery subscribers .
Goyal , Manu S. MD ; Hallemeier , Christopher L. MD ; Zipfel , Gregory J. MD , PhD ; Rich , Keith M. MD ; Grubb , Robert L. Jr MD ; Chicoine , Michael R. MD ; Moran , Christopher J. MD ; Cross , DeWitte T. III MD ; Dacey , Ralph G. Jr MD ; Derdeyn , Colin P. MD
OBJECTIVE : To define the clinical characteristics and outcome of patients with idiopathic stenosis or occlusion of the basal arteries , without moyamoya collateral vessel formation .
METHODS :
We identified patients who presented to our institution from 1996 to 2005 with occlusive disease of the distal internal carotid artery or the proximal middle or anterior cerebral arteries demonstrated by digital subtraction cerebral angiography .
We excluded those with evidence of atherosclerotic disease , systemic vasculitis , moyamoya phenomenon , or any other condition that could otherwise explain their arterial occlusive disease .
Medical records were reviewed for presenting symptoms and clinical characteristics .
Outcome was determined from chart review and phone interviews .
RESULTS : Twelve patients were identified .
All presented with transient ischemic attack or stroke .
Eleven were women .
Age at presentation ranged from 34 to 71 years .
Nine had a history of hypertension ; 5 had unilateral intracranial disease .
Recurrent stroke on medical therapy occurred in none of the 5 during an average follow - up of 29 months .
Seven had bilateral disease .
Ischemic stroke occurred between 2 and 107 months after the initial event in 5 of 8 medically treated hemispheres .
Moyamoya collateral vessels developed in 1 patient as shown on follow - up angiography .
CONCLUSION :
The clinical features and outcome of these patients are similar to those reported in large case series of North American patients with moyamoya phenomenon .
These data suggest a common etiology for the basal arterial occlusive process and a variable ability to form moyamoya collateral vessels .
Full article access for Neurosurgery subscribers .
WASHINGTON — The House Armed Services Committee has dealt a blow to President Obama ’s hopes to shutter the military prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , by unanimously approving legislation that would prohibit creating a detention center inside the United States .
The administration had asked Congress to approve about $ 350 million to buy and renovate a nearly empty prison in Thomson , Ill .
The White House plan was to empty Guantánamo and transfer its detainees to Illinois — including 48 who would be held without trial as wartime prisoners .
But late Wednesday , the House committee unanimously approved a defense bill for 2011 that bans spending money to build or modify any facility inside the United States to house Guantánamo detainees , according to a summary of the bill .
It says the committee wants to see “ a thorough and comprehensive plan that outlines the merits , costs , and risks associated with utilizing such a facility .
No such plan has been presented to date .
The bill prohibits the use of any funds for this purpose . ”
The folks at Dropbox have been busy lately , and tonight they 're letting loose the results .
A clever Android client is out of beta , a BlackBerry interface is on the way , and an API launch opens up an interesting app - storage - mashup future .
Advertisement
That 's not to mention the native iPad version that went live last night — though that ties into Dropbox 's larger announcement , too .
Having launched an API that allows other applications to use Dropbox 's storage space , the inconvenience of passing files to and from iPhones , the iPad , Android devices , and other devices starts to disappear .
Advertisement
The first apps to hook into the Dropbox API , " Dropbox Anywhere , " are the local area sharing client Air Sharing ( which this editor considers a must - install iPhone / iPod touch app ) , the QuickOffice mini-office suite , Sprite Mobile backup , the Dictamus dictation app , and document viewer GoodReader .
Dropbox serves as the easy transfer and storage means for the apps , and ideally makes them available everywhere you want to work on them .
On the iPad , in particular , this fills out some of the " actually work on the thing " functionality you 've heard about , but probably have n't seen a real test case for .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On to what 's actually out right now — the Android app .
It does not , as you might think , instantly sync all your Dropbox files to space on your phone or microSD card .
Instead , it 's a convenient place to download individual files , view documents in both Dropbox 's own basic viewer and your installed apps , and , most helpfully , quickly create and share documents .
Press and hold on any file , and you can copy , email , or use Android 's Share function to pass around a link for select access .
Advertisement
What 's really neat about the Android app is being able to create new photos , videos , and audio recordings directly from the Dropbox app , to be instantly stored away and available on other devices .
You can also easily drop photos , videos , text files , and stored audio on your microSD card onto Dropbox .
These kinds of features are fairly unique to Android , given its access to stored files , and it makes for a pretty nice feeling of always having access to a backup service .
Advertisement
Dropbox 's press release suggests a BlackBerry app will arrive " this summer , " though a Dropbox executive suggested the timing was closer to later this month .
Update : Dropbox confirms " this summer " as a target release date .
In the meantime , it seems like Dropbox is making plans to stick around and create even more clever uses — just with more official support .
Advertisement
Dropbox Anywhere
Naor Gilon , a high ranking member of Israel ’s Foreign Ministry , today announced that he had met with the ambassadors from several European states to demand that they do something to prevent their citizens from sending private aid ships to the Gaza Strip .
Gilon warned the ambassadors that Israel considered the aid “ provocation ” and that they would do whatever was necessary to stop the aid ships from reaching the strip .
Israel has had a blockade against most humanitarian aid reaching the Gaza Strip for years , and at times the Israeli Navy has attacked aid ships that got too near the tiny enclave .
Israel ’s military today lifted a “ gag order ” on the arrest of a Turkish citizen weeks ago whom they have accused of being a member of a humanitarian group .
Shin
Bet alleged that the group is plotting to send a shipload of humanitarian aid to the strip .
Israel has previously arrested people for attempting to provide aid to the strip , including a June 30 incident in which they captured former US Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney .
She was charged with “ illegally entering Israel ” even though the boat she was on was captured by the Israeli Navy and forced to dock in Israel .
The aid was seized by the government .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An ecologist in Canada has located a huge beaver dam stretching 850 m ( 2,788 ft ) using pictures filmed from outer space .
Jean
Thie said he found the dam - the size of eight football pitches - using Google Earth and NASA satellite technology while researching the rate of melting permafrost in the country 's far north in 2007 .
Using past images and park aerial photography , he estimated that the beavers started building it in the 1970s .
9.5
The game is set in 1908 ; it focuses around a former outlaw , John Marston , who is sent across the troubled American Frontiers to help in bringing the rule of law .
The game will use open world gameplay similar to the Grand Theft Auto series with sandbox environments and a free - roaming ability .
The environments will include frontier towns , prairies , and mountain passes .
GenreAction
Platforms ps3
DEVELOPER Rockstar San Diego | PUBLISHER Codemasters | RELEASE DATE
Red Dead Redemption Reviews ps3
9.5
Official PlayStation Magazine review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
hardgame2.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gamereactor.eu review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
g4tv.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
guardian.co.uk review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
cheatcc.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
thesixthaxis.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gamespy.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
videogamer.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
3djuegos.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gameinformer [ MAG ] review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gameinformer.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
ign.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
1up.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gametrailers.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gamespot.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
computerandvideogames.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
nowgamer.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
GamesTM [ Mag ] review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
edge-online.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gamesradar.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
gamekult.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
destructoid.com review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
9.5
eurogamer.net review
No Synopsis Available
Read Full Review
Tuesday , May 11 , 2010 at 11:30AM
The sale on airfare to “ all destinations ” by the low - cost carrier AirTran Airways will end promptly on May 13 , 2010 , indicated by an online announcement from the airline released today .
These fares are for travel between the dates of May 21 , 2010 and November 17 , 2010 , inclusive .
AirTran has traditionally advised its customers and its potential customers that their fares for flights departing on Tuesdays , Wednesdays , and Saturdays are less expensive than their fares for flights departing on the other four days of the week .
And AirTran specifically notes in its announcement from this morning that scheduling travel with the airline so that it falls on Tuesdays , Wednesdays , and / or Saturdays will tend to offer lower fares .
These especially low fares to “ all destinations ” can be purchased no later than May 13 , 2010 .
But if travelers purchase the sale fares over the next two days through www.airtran.com, there is no one - way penalty , and no overnight stay required on round - trips .
Prices listed on the sale page are one - way , and a ten - day advance purchase is required .
During the window of time when travel must take place , there are certain blackout dates , when air travelers with AirTran must travel for normal price .
Moreover , fares listed as part of this sale do not include certain taxes , which can add a significant amount to the overall cost .
These fares also do not include any baggage carry - on or check fees .
Other terms and conditions than those mentioned here , apply .
original story ( AirTran Airways )
sale page ( AirTran Airways )
AirTran baggage allowances ( AirTran Airways )
Image caption New York City has the highest number of murders in the US
FBI statistics show that US crime rates have fallen for the third consecutive year .
The data upends historical trends which suggests that crime rates increase during economic downturns .
Criminologists attribute the unusual decline to better policing and security technology , and programmes targeting repeat offenders and vulnerable youths .
Car thefts have fallen the most this year - 17.2 % - while murders are down 7.2 % .
Reported rapes also fell 3.1 % and robberies are down 8.1 % .
Arson , assault and property crime have also declined .
All numbers are preliminary , and will be supplemented by local agency reports in the coming months .
New York City still had the highest number of murders , followed by Chicago , but those cities are both major population centres .
On a per capita basis , New Orleans , St Louis , Detroit and Baltimore fare poorly .
MURDER RATE DROP BY AREA Western states : - 8.3 %
Northeastern states : - 8.0 %
Southern states : - 7.8 %
Midwestern states : - 3.8 %
US total : - 7.2 %
The current recession has not prompted the increase in drug activity seen in previous downturns , such as the crack cocaine epidemic that began in the late 80s .
That may help explain the decrease in associated crimes including theft and assault .
Video surveillance and technological advances enabling more efficient monitoring and apprehension have also aided police and law enforcement authorities .
Cautious response
This year 's drops were even larger than seen in the previous two years , but criminologists warn officials to remain vigilant .
" It 's fabulous news , but I would draw an analogy to global warming : Even if you believe the long - term trend is increasing temperatures , it does n't mean you can't have a cold year , " Jonathan P Caulkins , a professor of public policy at Carnegie Mellon University 's Heinz College , told the Associated Press agency .
But over the longer term , a slow recovery puts additional pressure on policing efforts and government programmes , meaning that downward trend may not be sustainable .
Northeastern University criminology professor James Alan Fox told the Associated Press agency that budget cuts created challenges in keeping crime rate low : " We have increasing numbers of at - risk youth in the population , and they need services .
We need to reinvest in crime prevention or else the good news we see today could evaporate . "
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says he cannot see how the Coalition could back the Government 's move to put a 40 per cent tax on mining profits .
Mr Abbott has given his strongest indication so far that the Opposition will block the tax after meeting with senior mining executives in Canberra today .
Mr Abbott has been speaking with BHP Billiton executive Marius Kloppers and Rio Tinto Australia managing director David Peever in Canberra as Prime Minister Kevin Rudd held a series of meetings with mining heavyweights in Perth .
The Government 's announcement on Sunday that it would impose a tax on the above - normal profits of mining companies has been met with outrage from the resources sector and has seen mining stocks plunge .
Emerging from today 's meeting , Mr Abbott said he could see " no way " the Coalition could support the tax .
" I reiterate that I can see no good arguments for this great big new tax , " he said .
" It is a very , very bad tax .
The only way to avoid it is to ensure there is a change of government at the next election . "
Overnight London - listed shares in BHP Billiton shed nearly 8 per cent and Rio Tinto shares dropped more than 6 per cent .
The Government has accused the mining industry of running a scare campaign and Mr Rudd has indicated he will not budge from the 40 per cent rate .
" It 's inevitable that mining companies are going to complain , " he said .
" We intend through an extended consultation process to work our way through it .
" A whole range of points of view were put [ forward today ] .
We 'll try and work through the detail of that . "
Greens Leader Bob Brown has urged the Government to stick to its guns .
" The mining corporations have far too much say in the running of this country without being representative , they are a massive lobby on both parties in Canberra , " he said .
" They have the Coalition on a string , but this Labor Government , which stands up for average Australians , should stay strong on what is a proper idea . "
' Heavy - handed ' tax
Mincor Resources managing director David Moore says the tax will have dire consequences for the industry .
" We can only hope and pray that through the consultation process there 's is a sense returned to how this tax is applied , and hopefully the tax goes away altogether , " he said .
Toro Energy managing director Greg Hall says his company may have to reconsider at least one project .
" We 're evaluating our project in Western Australia on the basis of this additional tax regime and determining what that means for us , " he said .
WA Premier Colin Barnett says the tax should be dropped or scaled back .
" This is very heavy - handed , " he said .
Meanwhile , Canadian finance minister Jim Flaherty says the new tax could benefit his country because investors will seek places to invest that have lower taxes .
[ Updated at 6:06 p.m. ]
Read the full CNN.com story
[ Updated at 2:32 p.m. ]
Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York acknowledged after that incident that terrorists have targeted New York .
" We have to take every precaution , as you know , because we remain a prime target for terrorists , " he said .
" That 's something all New Yorkers understand and it's something that we need Washington to understand as well . "
" We will continue to doing everything we possibly can to protect New Yorkers from terrorist attacks .
We have , as you know , built the most comprehensive and sophisticated counter terrorism operation of any local police force in the world . "
[ Updated at 2:24 p.m . ]
An all - clear was declared Friday after authorities investigated a suspicious package left in front of a hotel in Times Square and determined that it contained water bottles , police said .
[ Updated at 2:10 p.m . ]
The New York Police Department has deployed a robot to X - ray the cooler that was abandoned in front of the Marriott Marquis hotel in Times Square , police told CNN's Susan Candiotti .
[ Updated at 2:15 p.m . ]
A bomb squad robot has completed its X -ray of the suspicious cooler left in Times Square , CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported .
But , the results were inconclusive .
Members of the bomb squad are now suiting up to get a closer look .
iReport.com : Are you there ?
Send photos , videos
iReport.com : See photos from Times Square
Watch CNN.com live stream
[ Updated at 2:01 p.m. ] CNN's Ali Velshi who is on 47th Street and Broadway reports : " Times Square is entirely empty " on certain blocks .
[ Updated at 1:58 p.m. ]
Kathy Duffy , who is in her office at the Marriott Marquis hotel , told CNN the Times Square Alliance said there was an abandoned cooler left outside .
Duffy said officials told her that the bomb squad was trying to determine if it was a threat .
She said that the hotel has not been told to evacuate .
[ Updated at 1:51 p.m . ]
A spokesman for the Times Square Alliance says , according to the NYPD , the following streets are closed :
East bound on 46th Street from 8th Ave
West bound on 45th Street from 6th Ave .
And the Broadway and 7th Avenue plaza between 44th and 47th .
44th and 47th Streets themselves are not closed .
[ Updated at 1:45 p.m . ]
The suspicious package that prompted evacuations in New York 's Times Square is a white cooler that was left near the front of the Marriott Marquis Hotel , police told CNN .
The area is not far from where Faisal Shahzad left his SUV that had explosives in it .
[ Posted at 1:24 p.m. ]
Times Square has been evacuated after a suspicious package was found near 45th street , a New York Police Department official said .
The package was found near 45th Street and Broadway , officials said .
The evacuation comes six days after an SUV with explosives was left in Times Square resulting in the arrest of Faisal Shahzad .
This story is developing .
We 'll bring you the latest information as we get it .
A plane arrives at Belfast International Airport
Flights to and from Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic have resumed after airspace was closed due to volcanic ash drifting from Iceland .
Flights were grounded from 0700 BST over predictions ash would exceed acceptable levels for jet engines .
About 6,000 passengers at Belfast International Airport faced disruptions to their flights .
But the Civil Aviation Authority and the Irish Aviation Authority said services could resume at 1300 BST .
Flights from the UK and continental Europe flying across the airspace were not affected .
The Civil Aviation Authority said it had been closely monitoring the situation and was taking advice from the Met Office .
Disruptions
A spokesman for Belfast International Airport said the backlog was expected to clear in good time , with passengers being placed on other flights .
Some charter flights which were postponed on Tuesday morning are now due to leave at about 1800 BST .
The spokesman said there could be further disruption to flights later as concerns have been raised about Scottish airspace , but no stoppage has yet been put in place .
Speaking on Tuesday morning , Belfast City Airport operations director Mark Beattie said it was " a hugely frustrating time for everyone " .
Drift
The IAA said the decision to close its airspace was based on information from the Volcanic Ash Advice Centre ( VAAC ) .
The body said the move to ground aircraft was based on the safety risks to crews and passengers as a result of the drift south of the volcanic ash cloud caused by the north - easterly winds .
Flights over Europe were banned for six days last month because of fears of the effect of volcanic ash on plane engines .
The decision to lift the restrictions followed safety tests that showed the engines could cope in areas of low density ash .
The fresh disruption came as European Union transport ministers met in Brussels to discuss ways to improve air traffic management in the wake of the events of last month .
After this month 's dramatic spike in the number suspicious package bomb scares , NYPD spokesman Paul Browne predicted that the alarms " will eventually taper off .
People are being more vigilant . "
But down in SoHo , vigilance took the form of apathy yesterday , when a suspicious package on a traffic control box failed to elicit any panic .
Perhaps that 's because , as you can see here , the package in question was clearly labeled " Suspisious Package " by some artsy provocateur desperately in need of a copy editor .
Obviously , there was no need for concern because a real terrorist would never be so obvious .
( Nor would a real artist . )
The problem now is that if any terrorists are reading this , they now know the best way to plant a bomb is to simply paint " ACME BOMB " on the side in cartoonish red letters , and drop it off in SoHo or Chelsea or anywhere where people are jaded by " edgy " conceptual art .
[ Via Huff Post ]
With the need to find ways to tackle the £ 169bn budget deficit , what would you do if someone offered a way to save £ 6 bn this year rising to £ 10 bn per year next year and ever after – with no public sector cuts or increases in taxes ?
And , what if this also boosted the green economy , creating jobs ?
And met consumer demand ?
And helped improve health ?
Still interested ?
Well , the answer lies in what you eat and who grows it .
The negotiations producing the new Tory - Lib Dem coalition government have not yet agreed a position on food and farming .
Despite lots of noise before the election , party manifestos were thin on the food and farming issue .
Yet food 's role in macro politics is staring us in the face .
If the Cameron - Clegg marriage of convenience is to work , food will be a test case .
A course charted by groups as diverse as the all - party environment , food and rural affairs committee and Chatham House 's food working party suggests a new direction : investment in raising sustainable food production in the UK .
This has the potential to reduce the yawning food trade gap , now at around £ 10 bn .
Growing more here makes financial not just environmental sense .
With the prime minister and his deputy both referring to the national interest , what better opportunity to reduce the costs of imports is there than beginning an ambitious programme for sustainably increasing UK food production ?
The forthcoming public sector squeeze will mean there is less money for food imports .
Currency fluctuations already have added uncertainty to supply routes .
Yet for years , UK production has been sliding badly , down by 18 % since 1995 .
The UK now produces only around 60 % of what it eats .
A new emphasis on raising UK food production requires some courage .
To some it smacks of protectionism .
To others , it just makes sense .
It 's not a question of growing more to keep other sources out , but of a new world in which everywhere must produce more food more sustainably to meet rising world needs .
For a rich country like the UK not to produce the food it could is surely immoral .
But the new production focus must not be at all costs ; there 's no point trying to grow bananas .
Core foods ought to be the priority .
The UK imports huge amounts of fruit and veg which could be grown here .
Rebuilding horticulture is a priority .
In opposition , the Tories created an ambitious public sector procurement working party , chaired by Zac Goldsmith , now MP for Richmond Park .
This had David Cameron 's blessing .
Public procurement , worth £ 2.2 bn a year , can lead the way in linking better health standards for schools with UK production .
The nutrient standards which began in 2008 for primary and 2009 in secondary and special schools need further nurturing .
A number of blocks to raising UK food production loom .
First is the skills shortage .
Try getting a pruner or grafter for an orchard .
The UK can easily grow more of the vegetables and fruit , which nutritionists advise us to consume more of , yet only half of our veg and a 10th of our fruit consumption is grown here .
This is folly but one pointing to a great opportunity .
And look at the country of origin of catering staff .
The food chain employs more than 3.2 million people .
The last government 's council of food policy advisers ended its second report on that note .
Jobs , training and skills ought to be on the agenda of the new education secretary Michael Gove and business secretary Vince Cable , not just Caroline Spelman and Jim Paice at Defra .
The second block is vision .
Ironically , the Labour government got there with its Food 2030 document , which was good in aspiration but silent on delivery mechanisms .
Working out who needs to do what is the key priority .
Getting the public and private sector to agree that sustainability ticks lots of boxes simultaneously : jobs , fiscal deficit , the environment and climate change .
Lotto lout Michael Carroll going back to being a binman after blowing £ 9.7 m win
He became the self - proclaimed king of the chavs after turning up to collect his £ 9.7 million lottery win wearing an electronic offender 's tag .
But eight years on , having blown all that money , Michael Carroll is practising for a return to his old job as a binman .
The 26 - year - old , who squandered his multi-million fortune on drugs , gambling and thousands of prostitutes , has since February claimed £ 42 a week in jobseeker 's allowance .
Dress rehearsal : Michael Carroll practices wheeling bins near his Norfolk home
But he is keen to get off the dole and back to earning £ 200 a week collecting rubbish near his home in Downham Market , Norfolk .
The father of two told The People : ‘ I ca n’t wait to stop signing on and start getting paid for doing a proper job like normal people . ’
He also said he hoped to see some of his old friends back on the job , adding : ‘ It was a good laugh when I was doing it before I won so I do n’t mind going back to it . ’
Carroll 's jackpot win in 2002 disappeared with astonishing speed as the tattooed self - styled ' King of the Chavs ' lavished several million pounds on family and friends and hundreds of thousands on drugs .
By the end of 2003 , he was smoking £ 2,000 of crack cocaine every day and hosting drug and drink fuelled parties at his £ 325,000 home , the notorious Grange in Downham , Norfolk .
Lout and about : Carroll , who has been on the dole , visits his local JobCentre
Angry at his life of excess , his wife Sandra left him and took their baby daughter Brooke with her .
Rather than see the decision as a wake - up call , Carroll continued on his life of excess , turning to prostitutes .
He boasted about sleeping with four a day - a total of 2,000 at a cost of £ 100,000 over eight years - in order to sate his sexual appetite .
Carroll , who now lives with girlfriend Gemma Peake , a hairdresser with whom he has a child , once said : ' I could go for days without sleeping because of the drugs - so I would just spend night and day s**** ing with all these hookers . '
Describing how he descended into a world of drugs and paying for sex , he continued : ' I only started to think about three things - drugs , sex and gold .
He spent a small fortune on his trademark chunky gold jewellery and a fleet of cars , including a black Mercedes van emblazoned with the phrase ' King of Chavs ' .
Winning days : Carroll , aged 19 , collecting his Lotto check for £ 9.7 million in 2002
Repairs to properties he has wrecked with raucous parties have also cost him thousands and he reportedly lost an estimated £ 80,000 on a property deal in Dubai after the market fell .
Checkered past : Carroll arrives at court in 2004 giving his traditional salute
Carroll also lost £ 1 million on the dogs and horses and even injected £ 1 million into his favourite football team , Rangers .
He was down to his last £ 500,000 cash in 2008 and last year sold his £ 400,000 fleet of luxury cars and spent the proceeds .
But in February , as it emerged that he had been declared bankrupt , he told the Mail that he had no regrets about his lost fortune .
He said : ' The party has ended and it 's back to reality .
I have n't got two pennies to rub together and that 's the way I like it .
I find it easier to live off £ 42 dole than a million .
He said others had benefited from the win more than he had .
' I 'm just glad it 's over .
There were also vultures everywhere after my cash .
I started to see what people were really like , ' he explained .
Carroll became notorious for his yobbish behaviour and answering any criticism with a one - fingered salute .
He arrived to collect his winnings wearing an electronic offender 's tag , fitted after he was found drunk and disorderly and has appeared before the courts dozens of times for anti- social behaviour .
Madcap : Carroll fights ex-Gladiator Mark Smith in a charity boxing match in 2005
In 2004 , Carroll was jailed for five months after failing to comply with a drug treatment order , imposed as part of a sentence for cocaine possession .
He was also handed an Asbo by magistrates in King 's Lynn , Norfolk , for catapulting ball bearings at cars and windows from his Mercedes , causing thousands of pounds of damage .
Under its terms , he was not allowed to threaten , harass or intimidate anyone in the borough of West Norfolk , an area covering about 400 square miles .
The order also prevented him from threatening or attempting to cause criminal damage in the same area .
In 2008 , thugs killed 12 of his dogs and ran him out of his lavish Downham , Norfolk , home and he has never returned .
Instead it stands vandalised and derelict with his pool filled with rubbish .
There is anger on the streets of Oxford and Abingdon .
And rightly so .
David Cameron 's idea to bribe people with £ 3 a week to stay or get married is archaic .
Not everybody lives in couples where one partner goes out to work and the other stays at home .
People are outraged at a man who has the audacity to use the tax system to judge their decisions about their personal lives .
Or worse , decisions that have been made for them .
A new campaign called Don't Judge My Family has captured public anger on this issue .
It asks people to upload photos of themselves and their families to celebrate the diversity of family life in the UK .
The case studies speak for themselves .
Jim , a single dad whose wife walked out on him and his three kids says : " My wife had an affair and walked out on me and Lilly .
As if I do n't feel bad enough already about it .
Especially as I 'm now living on peanuts , trying to make ends meet .
Talk about kicking a man when he 's down . "
Another , a mother and teacher , who has just gone back to work to earn a bit of extra cash says : " I have to work part time to be able to afford the basics for the boys .
But does that mean I 'm a bad mum ?
Quite the opposite , I think . "
The Conservatives have once again put political posturing over evidence ; a deplorable trait in anyone standing for public office and one to which the Liberal Democrats have pledged not to fall prey .
First , there is no evidence that marriage is better for kids than any other stable relationship .
New research this week from the Institute for Fiscal Studies examined a representative sample of data on 10,000 children .
Although it found that children born to married parents were likely to do better by age three and age five , once the study had controlled for parental socioeconomic factors ( such as education and wealth ) and whether the pregnancy was planned or not , the differences disappeared .
Kids tend to do better in wealthy , well - educated families , where pregnancy was planned .
And these families tend to be married .
Being married is n't the causal factor .
Second , even if marriage were good for kids , there is no evidence that the marriage tax allowance would encourage people to get or stay married .
On the one hand , there are all those people who would become or stay married regardless of whether they received £ 3 a week : people who marry for love .
On the other hand , there are those people who would split up whether or not they received £ 3 a week .
Try telling a woman fleeing domestic violence or going through a painful divorce that £ 3 a week will make it all worthwhile .
Third , even if marriage were good for kids and the marriage tax allowance did encourage people to get or stay married , the policy wo n't reward the people the Conservatives want to reward .
The IFS shows that it will only reward a third of married couples .
Two - fifths are pensioners , many of whom have been married for donkeys ' years .
Only 35 % of the families who gain from the policy have children , and only 17 % have children under five .
And it is meaningless to point out , as some Conservatives do , that couples who marry are more likely to stay together .
To me , this seems like a self - selecting sample – surely people get married because they are committed to each other .
They would have that commitment whether married or not .
Giving children a good start in life is too important an issue to replace evidence - based policy making with crude political posturing .
Sign up to the campaign at Do n't Judge My Family .
Today we are finally making it easier to get your hands on ida2sql , our set of scripts to export information contained in an IDA database into MySQL .
As a short recap , ida2sql is a set of IDAPython scripts to export most of the information contained in an IDB into a MySQL database .
It has existed and evolved already for a few years and has been the main connection between IDA and BinNavi for the most of the life of the latter .
The last development efforts have been geared towards making the schema a bit more friendly ( see below ) and making it work in a fair range of IDA ( 5.4 to 5.7 ) and IDAPython versions ( including some that shipped with IDA which had minor problems , ida2sql will automatically work around those issues ) .
The script runs under Windows , Linux and OSX .
ida2sql is comprised of a ZIP archive containing the bulk of the scripts that simply needs to be copied to IDA ’s plugin folder .
No need to extract its contents .
A second script , ida2sql.py , needs to be run from within IDA when we are ready to export data .
You can keep it in any folder , it should be able to automatically locate the ZIP file within the plugins folder .
You can download here a ready built package containing the ZIP file , the main script , a README and an example configuration file .
When the main Python file is executed in IDA and if all the dependencies are successfully imported the user will be presented with a set of dialogs to enter the database information .
If the database is empty there will also be a message informing that the basic set of tables is about to be created at that point .
Once all configuration steps have been completed the script will start processing the database , gathering data and finally inserting it all into the database .
The configuration process can be simplified by creating a config file ida2sql.cfg in IDA ’s main directory ( or by pointing to it the IDA2SQLCFG environment variable ) .
If ida2sql can find that file it will not ask for any of the configuration options and go straight into the exporting .
Automation
ida2sql has a batch mode that comes handy when you need to export a collection of IDBs into the database .
To run ida2sql in batch mode it ’s enough to set the corresponding option in the configuration file .
mode : batch
An operation mode of “ batch ” or “ auto ” indicates that no questions or other kind of interaction should be requested from the user .
( Beware though that IDA might still show dialogs like those reminding of a license or free - updates period about to expire .
In those cases run IDA through the GUI and select to never show again those reminders ) .
The batch mode is specially useful when running ida2sql from the command line , for instance :
idag.exe -A -OIDAPython:ida2sql.py database.idb|filename.exe
Requirements
mysql-python
A relatively recent IDA ( tested with 5.4 , 5.5 , 5.6 and the latest beta of 5.7 )
IDAPython .
Chances are that you already have it if you are running a recent IDA version
A MySQL database .
It does not need to reside on the same host
The schema
A frequent criticism to the schema design has always been the use of a set of tables per each module .
People have asked why not use instead using a common table - set for all modules in the database .
While we considered this approach in the original design , we opted for using a set of tables per module .
We are storing operand trees in an optimized way aiming at reducing redundant information by keeping a single copy of all the common components of the operand ’s expression tree .
Such feature would be extremely difficult to support were we to use a different a different schema .
Additionally tables can easily grow to many tens of millions of rows for large modules .
Exporting hundreds of large modules could lead to real performance problems .
The table “ modules ” keeps track of all IDBs that have been exported into the database and a set of all the other tables exists for each module .
The following , rather massive , SQL statement shows how to retrieve a basic instruction dump for all exported code from an IDB .
( beware of the placeholder “ _? _ ” )
[ sourcecode language = ” sql ” ]
SELECT
HEX ( functions.address ) AS functionAddress ,
HEX ( basicBlocks.address ) AS basicBlockAddress ,
HEX ( instructions.address ) AS instructionAddress ,
mnemonic , operands .position ,
expressionNodes.id , parent_id ,
expressionNodes.position , symbol , HEX ( immediate )
FROM
ex_?_functions AS functions
INNER JOIN ex_?_basic_blocks AS basicBlocks ON
basicBlocks.parent_function = functions.address
INNER JOIN ex_?_instructions AS instructions ON
basicBlocks.id = instructions.basic_block_id
INNER JOIN ex_?_operands AS operands ON
operands.address = instructions.address
INNER JOIN ex_?_expression_tree_nodes AS operandExpressions ON
operandExpressions.expression_tree_id = operands.expression_tree_id
INNER JOIN ex_?_expression_nodes AS expressionNodes ON
expressionNodes.id = operandExpressions.expression_node_id
ORDER BY
functions.address , basicBlocks.address ,
instructions .sequence , operands.position ,
expressionNodes.parent_id ,
expressionNodes.position ;
[ / sourcecode ]
Limitations and shortcomings
The only architectures supported are x86 ( IDA ’s metapc ) , ARM and PPC .
The design is pretty modular and supports adding new architectures by simply adding a new script .
The best way to go about it would be to take a look at one of the existing scripts ( PPC and ARM being the simplest and most manageable ) and modify them as needed .
ida2sql has been designed with the goal in mind of providing an information storage for our products , such as BinNavi .
It will only export code that is contained within functions .
If you have an IDB that has not been properly cleaned or analyzed and contains snippets / chunks of code not related to functions , those will not be exported .
Examples of some cases would be exception handlers that might only be referenced through a data reference ( if at all ) or switch - case statements that have n’t been fully resolved by IDA .
The scripts have exported IDBs with hundreds of thousands of instructions and many thousands of functions .
Nonetheless the larger the IDB the more memory the export process is going to require .
ida2sql ’s performance scales mostly linearly when exporting .
It should not degrade drastically for larger files .
It will also make use of temporary files that can grow large ( few hundred MBs if the IDB is tens of MBs in size when compressed ) .
Those should not be major limitations for most uses of ida2sql .
Also it ’s worth noting that IDA 5.7 has introduced changes to the core of IDAPython and the tests we have made so far with the current beta the performance of ida2sql has improved significantly .
In the following figures you can see the export times in seconds for some IDBs exported with IDA 5.5 , 5.6 and 5.7 .
Summing up .
We hope this tool will come handy for anyone looking into automating mass analysis and has been bitten by the opaque and cumbersome IDBs .
Give it a spin , look at the source code , break it and do n’t forget to let us know how it could be improved !
( patches are welcome ! 😉 )
Tags : ida , idb , reverse engineering , sql , tool
Alongside other cost - cutting moves that will eliminate subway and bus lines , nix free student MetroCards , and reduce service , the MTA has announced that it will fire more than 1,000 workers .
In an effort to save a projected $ 50 million , the agency will lay off more than 600 unionized and non-unionized administrative workers , cutting 15 percent of the MTA 's administrative payroll .
The agency will also deliver pink slips to up to 500 NYC Transit station agents , who are represented by the Transport Workers Union .
The MTA originally planned to reduce station agent staffing by not rehiring after workers retire , according to the Times .
But now , in a decision that would bring the first layoffs to the transit union in decades , the agency says it must fire unionized employees .
Transport Workers Union Local 100 President John Samuelsen told the Daily News the cuts are shortsighted : " Their proposed reduction of station staff amounts to less than 1 % of their multibillion - dollar budget ...
The value of a human presence in the event of a human catastrophe in the subway is absolutely priceless . "
Last fall , nearly 300 station agents were reassigned to other jobs .
According to the Post , layoffs at the 70,000 - employee agency could begin " in the next several days . "
Additional layoffs , which could include bus drivers , might take place in the summer .
MTA Chairman Jay Walder defended the layoffs in a statement :
( Newser ) – Well , this should quiet down all the racial tension in Arizona : Gov. Jan Brewer has signed a bill designed to outlaw the Tucson school district 's ethnic studies program — just hours after UN human rights experts issued a report condemning that very law .
The measure is the brainchild of Arizona schools chief Tom Horne , who believes that the Mexican - American studies classes taught in Tucson high schools teach Latino students to resent white people .
“ It 's just like the old South , and it 's long past time we prohibited it , ” Horne , a Republican running for Attorney General , tells the AP .
He 's pushed for the law since 2006 , when he heard that a Hispanic activist had told a class that “ Republicans hate Latinos . ”
The law bans any classes designed to promote solidarity among a particular ethnic group .
Tucson 's schools offer Mexican - American , African - American and Native - American studies programs , but district officials say they think all are in compliance with the law .
( Read more Arizona stories . )
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Just under half of us have felt depressed because we have felt alone , says a report .
But not everyone who is alone is sad about it , so what is the difference between being lonely and being a loner ?
Loneliness - most people have or will experience it at some time in their life , according to a new report published by the Mental Health Foundation ( MHF ) .
Young or old , male or female , rich or poor , it does n't matter - loneliness is indiscriminate .
One contributing factor included in the Lonely Society report is the rising proportion of people living alone .
The figure doubled between 1972 and 2008 , going from 6 % of the population to 12 % , according to government figures .
But not everyone who is alone is lonely , so what 's the difference ?
THE ANSWER
Loneliness is not about being physically alone
It 's about each individual 's evaluation of isolation A loner gets satisfaction from being alone , someone who is lonely does n't
Young more lonely than the old , UK survey suggests Loneliness is not about being physically alone , it 's about a person 's individual experience of isolation and how they evaluate it , says the MHF .
A loner gets pleasure and satisfaction from solitude , a lonely person does n't .
While human beings are sociable animals by nature , personalities vary and at the opposite ends of the spectrum are extroverts and introverts .
" For an extrovert it is all about seeking stimulation from other people but an introvert 's replenishment comes from solitude , " says psychologist Ros Taylor .
" A loner can be perfectly content with their own company , while being alone will make another person utterly miserable . "
Intimate Professor Jenny de Jong - Gierveld defines loneliness as an " unpleasant or inadmissible " lack of certain relationships in your life .
Essentially , you can be surrounded by friends but still feel lonely because you are n't emotionally intimate with any of them .
If you do n't feel the same loss from not having close relationships it 's not necessarily a problem .
In fact , some are in favour of being a loner .
The renowned psychologist Anthony Storr argued that solitude is necessary for mental health and creativity .
Crucially , loner or lonely , problems start when both become extreme .
Most of us experience loneliness at some time , but what makes it harmful is when " it settles in long enough to create a persistent , self - reinforcing loop of negative thoughts , sensations and behaviours " , says American psychologist John Cacioppo .
Problems start for a loner when they isolate themselves too much , says Ms Taylor .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " Humans need a certain level of interaction because we are basically sociable animals , " she says .
" If you remove yourself too much from others you lose communication and social skills and that 's when problems start .
" You ca n't go through life not interacting with anyone , you have to talk and deal with a certain amount of people to function in everyday life .
You need to know how to do this appropriately and successfully . "
So while it is just as natural to enjoy solitude as it is to feel lonely , like many other things in life it's is all about moderation .
Below is a selection of your comments I consider myself a bit of a loner , even though I love my friends and my family .
But they are always asking me why I 'm always going on long holidays alone and how crazy I am for even enjoying this ( for example I recently went on a round the world trip for 8 months on my own , or have hiked trails for 2 weeks without seeing a single human being ) .
And I honestly do n't know the answer .
The best explanation I can offer is that sometimes I feel a bit overwhelmed by the sheer amount of humanity around me and I need time to be on my own , just me with my thoughts and nature .
There is nothing quite like being alone on the top of a mountain , or deep into a forest , or a remote beach .
It 's an amazing feeling that leaves me feeling mentally rested , relaxed and content .
Matias , London
By the articles definition i'm a loner and can say that a loner 's life is a double - edged sword .
Yes , satisfaction is gained in solitude but that solitude is also a disease that leads to social awkwardness , even distain .
Yet , increasing interaction only develops social skills , not increased comfort .
I recognize the need for constant interaction especially in my public work , but with that the discomfort only grows .
Its a classic catch - 22 and a painful one as well .
Charles , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia
This article really struck a chord with me .
Went through some hard times in my teens , what with grief through death of my grand - father , and family money worries at home , due to recession of the early 90's .
Went through a period of self - imposed isolation , people who made fun of me calling me " loner " ... using your definition in the article , I got absolutely no satisfaction from being a " loner " , I was isolated because I simply didnt feel worth the time and attention of others , and couldnt articulate my feelings of grief
Carl , Reading , UK I live alone which does n't make me lonely .
I do exactly what I want to do without compromising with anyone .
When I want to socialise , I socialise .
I enjoy my own company and I do not need the presence of another human being to be content .
Loneliness is a state of mind and it's possible to be lonely even in the busiest city street where nobody cares .
Just enjoy the life you have .
In the scheme of things it is a very brief span in time .
Brian Faulkner , Bridgwater UK
I think this is where social website came in to fill the gap for the loner and the lonely .
This can be a good thing and also a bad thing .
In my own opinion , I see the social website as a bad thing because people may end up with spending too much time in front of computer and not going out to socialize with the " real " people around them .
Steve , Sarawak , Malaysia I like the solitude .
I can't stand being around people sometimes because that would mean having a conversation with them to remove the uneasy silence teeming around you .
Being a loner gives you enough time to enjoy the calmness and peacefulness within yourself .
I think that being a loner is a choice .
I doubt people chose to be lonely .
Ndirangu , Nairobi
The problem in this country is that if you have no great love to be social , you are classed as a " Loner " and thus , a weirdo , rapist , paedophile and more , just for not wanting to spend your time sorting out other peoples sad little lives .
John , London , UK
In one of the worlds most populous countries it is hard to find a place to be truly alone but when I find it I absolutely revel in it .
his article helped me put my finger on something that I 've thought about for a while .
My family and friends are actually the ones that make me feel bad about being alone , while it is something that I really enjoy most of the time .
It is something that they cannot possibly see the way I see it for some reason .
My previous and present partners have also never understood why I sometimes just want to be by myself .
Alone - ness ( not loneliness ) is for me just crucial to happiness .
Paul , Shenzhen , China Living in a crowded noisy city like Cairo , it is hard to be a loner , though it is easy to feel lonely .
With children living with their parents till they get married , and social restrictions on personal freedom , one finds it difficult to find solitude .
Joy , Cairo , Egypt
This article has been emailed to all my friends and family !
I work all day and look forwards to the evenings and weekends by myself , relaxing , reading , catching up with dvds , and just enjoying some ' me time ' .
Of course I will meet up with friends occasionally , maybe every couple of weeks , and I also chat with friends and family online or on the phone nearly every day .
But at the end of the day I like being on my own and doing what I want to do .
Why is that so hard for some people to understand .
They think I am putting on a brave face but am really lonely , however that is really not the case .
If I want company , I will let them know !
Clare , Bexhill I live with a family , work in a school and am often surrounded by people .
I get lonely because I do n't know anyone who thinks and feels about things in the same manner that I do .
Its this lack of someone to bounce your ideas and enthusiasms off that makes life lonely sometimes .
ian , warrington Being an only child I love being on my own .
Most of my hobbies e.g. fishing can be enjoyed just as much on your own as with other people .
However I like nothing more than a good night out with my friends ; a nice meal and conversation does the soul good !
I think the important thing is to make sure you get the right balance .
Also you need to know yourself whether you like your own company or not .
Sam , Worcester I 'm a mid-aged loner at 67 and I love being on my own .
I dread the day that frailty or breaking a limb forces me to depend on another .
Peter , Brisbane , Australia I live alone .
I am afraid of dying alone and not being found for many days .
Hyder Ali Pirwany , Okehampton , Devon , England I 'm a loner who works in the public sector , pretending everyday to be an extrovert .
It is draining , and I think really limits my desire to be around my friends - the people I genuinely like - in my free time .
I want to be social , but I also want time to relax .
I have had personal relationships which made me very happy , as well .
However , the older I get , the better I am at being single .
Barring a minor miracle , I suspect I will end up a misunderstood cat spinster .
Sounds good .
Siox Cook , Asheville , NC USA I lived on my own for 12 years and think everyone should spend at least 2 years living alone .
I 'm a social person and did n't really enjoy living alone at first .
But it taught me a lot about myself and made me become much more self aware .
I 'n now married but still enjoy some quiet time on my own .
People do make the assumption that alone must mean lonely .
I have a friend who can't spend even a few hours alone , and assumes eveyone else is the same .
Val , Birmingham
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ADE 652
Because you demanded it we 've gone and developed a brand new version of our top selling remote portable substance detector !
Forget the ADE 651 , be amazed by the new ADE 652 - brought to you by ATSC industries ...
Text from front of pack : Brand new product Stylish new design Sniff out whatever you want wherever you want Needs no batteries – powered by solar winds
Used the world over Based on principles of nuclear quadropole resonance Another great ATSC product
Text from back of pack :
By programming the detection cards to specifically target a particular substance , ( through the proprietary process of electro - static matching of the ionic charge and structure of the substance ) , the ADE 652 will ‘ by - pass ’ all known attempts to conceal the target substance .
Can detect anything you want ( including , but not limited to , guns , ammunition , drugs , truffles , zombies , robots , unicorns and bank notes ) from a distance of up to 10 miles – through lead , water , rock or even from an airplane ( up to an altitude of 5 kilometres ) .
Major - General Jehad al - Jabiri of Iraq ’s Interior Ministry 's General Directorate for Combating Explosives has defended the device : " Whether it 's magic or scientific , what I care about is detecting bombs .
I do n't care what they say .
I know more about bombs than the Americans do .
In fact , I know more about bombs than anyone in the world ”
If you have n't heard the scandalous story of the ADE 651 then you really do need to read this wikidpedia entry ( and prepare to be astounded ! ) - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADE_651
" But he said he has also come in for some hostility from actual sex offenders who have tracked him down and tried to attack him for what he has done . "
This is a dispatch from David Cameron 's Britain , the country that could be waiting for us at the other end of the polling booths and the soundbites and the spin .
I did n't have to take a time machine to get there ; I just had to take the District Line .
In 2006 , a group of rebranded " compassionate Conservatives " beat Labour for control of Hammersmith and Fulham Council , a long stretch of west London .
George Osborne says the work they have done since then will be a " model " for a new Conservative government , while Cameron has singled them out as a council he is especially " proud " of .
So squeezed between the brownish dapple of the Thames and the smoggy chug of the Westway , you can find the Ghost of Cameron Future .
What is it whispering to us ?
Hammersmith and Fulham is a sprawling concrete sandwich of London 's rich and London 's poor .
It starts at the million - pound apartments on the marina at Chelsea Harbour – white and glistening and perfect – and runs past giant brownish housing estates and Victorian mansions , until it staggers to a stop on Shepherd 's Bush Green , where homeless people sit on the yellow - green grass drinking and watching the SUVs hurtle past .
Here , high incomes squat next to high - rises in one big urban screech of noise .
In such a mixed area , the Conservatives had to run for power as a reconstructed party " at home with modern Britain " .
They promised to move beyond Thatcherism and make the poor better off .
They were the first to hum the tune that David Cameron has been singing a capella in this election .
People who took this at face value were startled by the first act of the Conservatives on assuming power – a crackdown on the homeless .
They immediately sold off 12 homeless shelters , handing them to large property developers .
The horrified charity Crisis was offered premises by the BBC to house the abandoned in a shelter over the Christmas period at least .
The council refused permission .
They said the homeless were a " law and order issue " , and a shelter would attract undesirables to the area .
With this in mind , they changed the rules so that the homeless had to " prove " to a sceptical bureaucracy that they had nowhere else to go – and if they failed , they were turned away .
We know where this ended .
A young woman – let 's called her Jane Phillips , because she wants to remain anonymous – turned up at the council 's emergency housing office one night , sobbing and shaking .
She was eight months pregnant .
She explained she was being beaten up by her boyfriend and had finally fled because she was frightened for her unborn child .
The council said they would " investigate " her situation to find " proof of homelessness " – but she told them she had nowhere to go while they carried it out .
By law , they were required to provide her with emergency shelter .
They refused .
They suggested she try to find a flat on the private market .
For four nights , she slept in the local park , on the floor .
She is still traumatised by the memories of lying , pregnant and abandoned , in one of the wealthiest parts of Europe .
The Local Government Ombudsman investigated but the council recording of the case was so poor she said it " hindered " her report .
After a long study , she found the council 's conduct amounted to " maladministration " .
Since they came to power , the Conservatives are housing half as many homeless people as Labour – even though the recession has caused a surge in homelessness .
That 's a huge number of Janes lying in parks , or on rotting mattresses by Hammersmith Bridge .
Why would they do this ?
The Conservative administration was determined to shrink the size of the state and cut taxes as an end in itself .
Rather than pay for it by taking more from the people in the borough with the most money , they slashed services for the broke and the broken first .
After the homeless , they turned to help for the disabled .
In their 2006 manifesto , the local Conservatives had given a cast - iron guarantee : " A Conservative council will not reintroduce home - care charging " .
It was a totemic symbol of leaving behind Thatcherism : they would n't charge the disabled , the mentally ill or the elderly for the care they needed just to survive .
Within three months , the promise was broken .
Debbie Domb , 51 , is a teacher who was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1994 .
She had to give up work , and now she needs 24/7 care .
After being lifted up by a large metal harness and placed in her wheelchair so she can talk to me , she explains : " This was always such a great place to live if you were disabled .
You were really treated well .
Then this new council was elected and it's been so frightening ...
The first thing that happened when they came in was that they announced any disabled person they assessed as having ' lower moderate ' needs was totally cut off .
So people who needed help having a shower , or getting dressed , had that lifeline taken away completely .
Then they started sending the rest of us bills . "
She " panicked " when a bill came through saying she had to pay £ 12.50 for every hour of care she needed .
" I thought , ' Oh my God , how am I going to do this ? '
The more care you need , the higher your bill , so the most disabled people got the highest charges .
Everyone was distraught .
I had friends who had to choose between having the heating on in winter and paying for their care ...
I know a 90 - year - old woman with macular degeneration who can't see , and she had to stop her services .
There are lots of people who have been left to rot , with nobody checking any more that they 're OK , and I 'm sure some of them have ended up in hospital or have died . "
One of the council 's senior social services managers seems to have confirmed this , warning in a leaked memo that the charges could place the vulnerable " at risk " .
Debbie co-founded an organisation to fight back – the Hammersmith and Fulham Coalition Against Community Care Cuts – and , after appealing , she finally had her charges cancelled .
" But there are a lot of people who ca n't appeal , " she says .
" You 're talking about very vulnerable people – the very old , the mentally ill , the blind .
A lot do n't know how , or would be ruled to have to pay anyway , because the rules are so arbitrary .
Now they 're being taken to debt - collection agencies for non-payment .
I know an 82 - year - old woman who 's never been in debt in her life who is being taken to a debt - collection agency for care she needs just to keep going ...
They want volunteers to do it instead .
But you do n't want to have to ask your friends or a volunteer to pull up your knickers for you . "
Each year since the Conservative council was elected , the pressure on the housebound has increased .
Meals on Wheels brings one good , hot meal a day to people who can't get out .
The council jacked up the charges for it by £ 527 a year – so half of the recipients had to cancel it .
A local Labour councillor documented that the council rang up a 79 - year - old woman with dementia , and when she seemed to say she did n't need any food , they cut off her meals .
The cost of almost all council services has sky - rocketed , to fund tax cuts that disproportionately benefit the wealthy .
David Cameron says he wants to make Britain " the most family - friendly country in the world " with " childcare as a top priority " , but his showcase council has increased charges for childcare by a reported 121 per cent – a fact that makes the warnings about Michael Gove 's planned " top - up fees " for nursery places seem even more ominous .
As I spend days walking across the borough , I find the detritus of the old thriving public sector now shut and shuttered .
Next to a big council estate I stumble across the large red-brick Castle Youth Club .
It was built in Dickens ' time and bequeathed to the local council " to benefit the children of this area for perpetuity " .
The Conservatives shut it down two years ago to sell it off .
The deal fell through , so now it sits empty while the local kids hang around on the streets outside .
***
Ricky Scott , 18 , tells me what it used to be like : " It was a really good place .
When I left school they found me a part - time job at Sainsbury 's – they taught me how to write a CV – and they persuaded me to go to college .
They gave you a place to go to stay out of trouble , they got you into the gym , they helped us learn loads of stuff ...
They did a lot to teach us about knife crime and how to stop it .
When my friend was stabbed they helped us organise a big campaign about knives . "
After the youth club was closed , there was a surge in anti-social behaviour orders in the area .
Ricky is n't surprised .
" People do n't want us on the streets , but then they take away the only place for us to go , so what do they expect ?
It feels like we used to have some good things but now they 've all been taken away .
It always gets taken away . "
And in this boarded - up youth club , in Debbie 's panic , in the image of Jane and her bump on the floor of the park , I realise I am peering into the reality of David Cameron 's " Big Society " .
The council here told people that if they took away services like this , there would be volunteers ; if the state withered away , people would start to provide the services for each other .
But nobody opened their home to Jane , or volunteered to feed Debbie , or started a new youth club on their own time and with their own money .
The state retreated and the service collapsed .
It 's a rebranding trick .
The Conservatives know that shutting down public services sounds cruel , while calling for volunteerism sounds kind – but the effect is exactly the same .
It 's as if Marie Antoinette called in Max Clifford , and he told her to stop saying " Let them eat cake " and start saying : " Let them form a workers ' co-operative to distribute cake on a voluntary basis . "
But it turns out that it's not just the services on the council estates here that are threatened by the council – it's the estates themselves .
Recently the leader of the Conservative council , Stephen Greenhalgh , co-wrote a pamphlet called Principles for Social Housing Reform , recommending that Cameron adopt a radical new approach to council housing .
He said it provides " barracks for the poor " and helps create " a culture of entitlement " , while " deliver[ing ] a risible return on assets " .
He asked : why do we continue to " warehouse poverty in the core of our great cities " , on land that is worth good money ?
Instead of following " the same narrow agenda of ' building more homes ' " , he said councils should " exploit [ the ] huge reserve of capital value " in the houses and the land by selling it off and charging " market terms " , with some mild subsidy for the very poorest .
He seems to be trying to act on this agenda .
He has stopped building any affordable houses for rent , and he is searching for council estates to sell off .
I walk to the Queen Caroline Estate along the river , and it is one of the most calm and bright council estates I have ever seen – a walkway of houses and flats lined with trees , all washed over by a gentle river breeze .
Teenagers are playing on a football pitch ; an elderly couple is watching them , eating sandwiches .
Everyone I talk to says they like it – " You 've got a good mix of people , and it 's so friendly , " says one woman .
On the other side of the Thames , staring down , is the £ 25,000 - a- year St Paul 's School , where Greenhalgh was educated alongside George Osborne in the 1980s .
Greenhalgh has declared that this estate is " not decent " , and has offered it for sale to property developers .
Maxine Bayliss is a 42 - year - old mother who lives here with her two children .
She says : " It 's frightening to discover there are plans to sell off your home so they can give the land to rich developers .
At first the council denied it , but when we challenged them they finally said , yes , we do have plans , actually .
One Conservative councillor shouted at me that this was a ghetto and I should n't want to live here .
Does it look like a ghetto to you ?
This is my home , it 's my children 's home .
If they charged market rents , people like me would be forced out of London totally .
This should be a city for normal people too , not just rich people .
It 's so insulting to say people like me should n't be living here . "
Together with a coalition of other mums from the estate , Maxine has formed a group to stop the sell - off .
When David Cameron came on one of his visits to the area to cheerlead for the council , she asked him about the threat to her home – and he accused her of " black propaganda " .
When she explained that the council itself had admitted to having plans , Cameron snapped : " If you do n't like them , you should stand for election . "
***
Do we want our cities to look like Paris , where the rich own the centre , and the poor are banished to grey concrete slums on the outskirts where they riot with rage once a decade ?
If we hive out all our housing to the market , that will be our future .
Or do we place a value on our land – and who lives there – that is more than purely financial ?
Do we think some things are more important than the market price ?
Later that night , I watch Greenhalgh on YouTube , lecturing these single mothers , and I keep thinking about that phrase he is so fond of : " a culture of entitlement " .
Who has really grown up in " a culture of entitlement " : Maxine , who has so little , or Cameron and Greenhalgh , who have so much ?
I walk the borough for days , trying to find what Cameron celebrates about this council – until , at the tip of the borough , I find a large grassy metaphor for Conservative priorities that seems so crude that I wonder whether it could have been secretly designed by the Socialist Workers Party cartoonist and plonked in my path .
Hurlingham Park was a big vibrant patch of green where kids from the local estates could play , and run on one of the few professional running tracks in the country , in a setting so classically beautiful it was used in the film Chariots of Fire .
But then the Conservatives were elected .
They handed the park over to a large international polo consortium that has ripped out the running track and shut the park down for a month every year – so rich people can watch polo for hundreds of pounds a day .
Lying in the sun on the edge of the green , I find Nick Anderton , a 17 - year - old from the local estate .
He stares at it sadly and says : " The park is meant to be for everyone , is n't it ?
But we have to stop our football now so they can get it ready so these people can play polo , and we wo n't be able to use it for most of the summer ...
My friend used to run on the track every day , he wants to be an athlete , but they got rid of it so he can't now ...
It feels like we do n't have the right to be here any more .
They 've taken our park and given it to these snobbish people who 've got nothing to do with this area .
Look at us .
Does it look like we need a polo pitch round here ? "
Later , I read that Monty Python came to this park to film one of their sketches : " The Upper Class Twit of the Year . "
So what is Cameron so proud of here ?
There seems to be only one answer : in this area the Tories have managed to cut council tax by 3 per cent .
They 've given back about £ 20 a year to somebody on an average income , and about four times more to a rich person .
That 's why , when Cameron was challenged about what has happened here , he said : " When I look at the record of what the Conservatives have done here in Hammersmith and Fulham , far from being embarrassed as the Conservative leader , I 'm proud of what they 're doing . "
As I heard this , I remembered that earlier this year Cameron 's close friend and shadow cabinet member Ed Vaizey said Cameron is " much more Conservative than he acts , or than he is forced to be by political exigency " .
The principles that run through Cameron 's politics seem to become visible at last , as clear and as stark as the Westway on the Hammersmith skyline : tax cuts , whatever the social cost .
I was going to make a tutorial , but then I figured that making a video would be a much better way to show this .
As for the code that you could grab from a tutorial , there ’s a link at the end of the post with all the code shown in the video demo .
The video demo covers how to create and run Unit Test classes for regular Java classes on Android , and also how to create and run Unit Test classes that test classes that depend on Android “ Context ” or “ Activity ” objects .
If your Android unit tests are not running because of frustrating error messages , the time spent watching this video will save you a lot of reading and headaches .
Check the screencast after the break
How to Unit Test on Android [ SCREENCAST ]
Uploaded by wedoit4you .
– Explore more science and tech videos .
Download the Eclipse Project sources
The ambition of this page is to be a comprehensive collection of links to papers describing RL algorithms .
In order to make this list manageable we should only consider RL algorithms that originated a class of algorithms and have been used / studied by at least one researcher (s ) unaffiliated with the original inventor (s ) of the algorithm .
Associative Reinforcement Learning Algorithms
( A_{R - P} ) Barto , AG & Anandan , P ( 1985 ) .
Pattern recognizing stochastic learning automata .
IEEE Transactions on Systems , Man and Cybernetics , 15 , 360-374 .
Actor - Critic
( The foundational paper ) Barto , A.G. , Sutton , R.S. , & Anderson , C. ( 1983 ) .
Neuron - like adaptive elements that can solve difficult learning control problems , IEEE Transactions on Systems , Man , and Cybernetics , SMC - 13 : 834-846 . ( link )
Temporal Differences ( TD )
( The foundational paper ) Sutton , R.S. ( 1988 ) .
Learning to predict by the methods of temporal differences .
Machine Learning 3 : 9 - 44 . ( pdf )
( Introduced Replace Traces ) Singh S. & Sutton R. ( 1996 ) .
Reinforcement Learning with Replacing Eligibility Traces .
In Machine Learning journal , Volume 22 , Issue 1 , pages 123-158 . ( link )
Page with links to Theoretical Analyses of TD ( lambda )
Q-learning
( The foundational thesis ) C. J. Watkins .
Learning from Delayed Rewards .
Phd thesis , Cambridge University , 1989 .
( Link to an online paper with description of Q - learning ) Andrew Barto , Steve Bradtke and Satinder Singh ( 1995 ) .
Learning to Act using Real - Time Dynamic Programming .
In Artificial Intelligence , Volume 72 , pages 81-138 . ( link )
Page with links to Theoretical Analyses of Q- learning
Dyna ( shows that learning and planning are related and integral to RL )
( Algorithm ) R. S. Sutton ( 1991 ) .
Planning by incremental dynamic programming .
Proceedings of the Eighth International Workshop on Machine Learning , pp. 353-357 , Morgan Kaufmann ( link )
Real - Time Dynamic Programming
( Algorithm ) Andrew Barto , Steve Bradtke and Satinder Singh ( 1995 ) .
Learning to Act using Real - Time Dynamic Programming .
In Artificial Intelligence , Volume 72 , pages 81-138 . ( link )
SARSA ( onpolicy method for control )
( Algorithm ) Rummery G. and Niranjan , M. ( 1994 ) .
On - line q-learning using connectionist systems , Tech .
Rep. Technical Report CUED /F-INFENG/TR 166 , Cambridge , University Engineering Department .
( link )
Page with links to Theoretical Analyses of Sarsa
LSTD
( A precursor ) S. J. , and Barto , A. G. , Linear Least - Squares Algorithms for Temporal Difference Learning , Machine Learning , 22 , 1996 , pp. 3357 .
( Algorithm ) Boyan , J. A. , Technical Update : Least - Squares Temporal Difference Learning , In Machine Learning , 49 , 2002 .
( An ICML version is here ) .
LSPI ( Least Squares Policy Iteration )
( Algorithm ) Michail Lagoudakis and Ronald Parr , Least Squares Policy Iteration .
Journal of Machine Learning Research ( JMLR ) , Vol. 4 , 2003 , pp. 1107 -1149 . ( pdf )
Parti-Game
( Algorithm ) Moore A. and Atkeson C. ( 1995 ) .
The Parti - game Algorithm for Variable Resolution Reinforcement Learning in Multidimensional State - spaces .
In Machine Learning , Vol 21 . ( link )
Prioritized Sweeping
( Algorithm ) Moore A. and Atkeson C. ( 1993 ) Prioritized Sweeping : Reinforcement Learning with Less Data and Less Real Time , In Machine Learning , Vol 13 , pages 103- 130 . ( link )
E^3
( Main Algorithm ) Kearns M. and Singh S. ( 2002 ) .
Near - Optimal Reinforcement Learning in Polynomial Time ,
In Machine Learning journal , Volume 49 , Issue 2 , pages 209- 232 , 2002 . ( pdf )
( For Factored MDPs ) Kearns M. and Koller D. ( 1999 ) .
Efficient Reinforcement Learning in Factored MDPs .
Proceedings of the Sixteenth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence , Morgan Kaufmann , pages 740-- 747 ( pdf )
( In Metric Spaces ) Kakade S. , Kearns M. and Langford J. ( 2003 ) .
Exploration in Metric State Spaces .
In ICML . ( pdf )
Sparse - Sampling
( Algorithm ) Kearns M. , Mansour Y. and Ng A. ( 1999 ) .
A Sparse Sampling Algorithm for Near - Optimal Planning in Large Markov Decision Processes .
Proceedings of the Sixteenth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence Morgan Kaufmann , pages 1324 -- 1331 .
Also in the journal Machine Learning .
( pdf )
Trajectory Tree
( Algorithm ) Kearns M. , Mansour Y. and Ng A. ( 2000 ) .
Approximate planning in large POMDPs via reusable trajectories .
In NIPS 12 , 2000 . ( pdf )
Policy Search Algorithms
( PEGASUS ) Ng A. and Jordan M. ( 2000 ) .
PEGASUS : A policy search method for large MDPs and POMDPs , In Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence , Proceedings of the Sixteenth Conference . ( pdf )
Policy Gradient Algorithms
( Reinforce ) Williams , R. J. ( 1992 ) .
Simple statistical gradient - following algorithms for connectionist reinforcement learning .
Machine Learning , 8 , 229-256 . ( link )
( Algorithm ) Sutton R. , McAllester D. , Singh S. and Mansour Y ( 2000 ) .
Policy Gradient Methods for Reinforcement Learning with Function Approximation .
In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 12 ( NIPS ) , 2000 ( link ) .
J. Baxter and P. L. Bartlett .
Infinite - horizon gradient - based policy search .
Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research , 15:319-350 , 2001 .
J. Baxter and P. L. Bartlett .
GPOMDP : An on - line algorithm for estimating performance gradients in POMDP 's , with applications .
In Proceedings of the 2000 International Conference on Machine Learning , pages 41 - 48 , 2000 .
(* Natural Policy Gradient Algorithms * ) S. Kakade , J. Bagnell , and J. Peters .
Natural Policy Gradient Covariant Reinforce Natural Actor Critic
Linear Programming based RL methods
D. P. de Farias and B. Van Roy , A Linear Program for Bellman Error Minimization with Performance Guarantees , In Mathematics of Operations Research . ( pdf )
Algorithms for Structured MDPs / POMDPs
C. Guestrin , M. Hauskrecht and B. Kveton .
Solving Factored MDPs with Continuous and Discrete Variables .
In the Twentieth Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence , Banff , Canada , July 2004 . ( link )
C. Guestrin , D. Koller , R. Parr , and S. Venkataraman Efficient Solution Algorithms for Factored MDPs , Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research , volume 19 , pages 399- 468 , 2003 . ( pdf )
P. Poupart , R. Patrascu , D. Schuurmans , C. Boutilier , and C Guestrin Greedy Linear Value Function Approximation for Factored Markov Decision Processes .
In Proceedings ofthe Eighteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AAAI - 2002 ) , Edmonton , AB , pages 285-- 291 , 2002 . ( pdf )
C. Boutilier , R. Dearden , and M. Goldszmidt , Stochastic Dynamic Programming with Factored Representations , Artificial Intelligence , 121 ( 1 ) , pages 49-- 107 , 2000 .
( link )
Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning Algorithms
Some of us scream when our team scores a goal .
Others jump up and down .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLgxJuF48GI&NR=1[/youtube]
( Jump to 0.19 )
Advertisement
Dirty Tackle comes through again
Like this ?
- see more of the same here
Emmy Roundtable : Dramatic Actors Talk About Their Performances
This years Emmy nominations are coming up and The Hollywood Reporter got some great actors together for a lively conversation .
Watch as Matthew Fox , Jon Hamm , Bryan Cranston , Alexander Skarsgard , Ray Romano and Matt Bomer answer questions like :
Whats the best thing about being an actor & if they watch their own performances ?
Watch it – it ’ll definitely make you laugh !
These ladies make a couple of brief appearances in this video about the artist , Alan Aine .
The faces have been refreshed since I walked by back in 2015 .
Check out the before and after images .
People all over the world are walking in protest and in hope right now .
It 's a beautiful thing , and it 's even starting to transcend our political divides .
I was so moved to see this video from my little hometown of Ashland , Virginia .
Friend and fellow walker Garnette Cadogan wrote an exceptional essay about his experiences on foot as a Black man in America a few years ago .
His words are a lot more meaningful than any of the musings on street signs or fire hydrants you 'll find elsewhere on this blog .
" When historians pick up their pens to write the story of the 21st century , let them say that it was your generation who laid down the heavy burdens of hate at last and that peace finally triumphed over violence , aggression and war .
So I say to you , walk with the wind , brothers and sisters , and let the spirit of peace and the power of everlasting love be your guide . "
- From an essay by John Lewis , one of our greatest walkers , written shortly before his recent death
I 'm slowly making my way through my massive backlog of photos from 2015 to the present .
See below for the most recent posts ; I 'm currently working on September 11 , 2015 .
In other news , webmaster / wizard Jason Eppink has created a new photo map showing the location of every picture I 've posted .
The map will be continually updated as I add more photos to the site .
I 'm walking every street in New York City .
9,279 miles walked
Archives Select Month August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 August 2011 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010
This is the counterpoint to my walk across the US .
Instead of seeing a million places for just a minute each , I 'm going to spend a million minutes exploring just one place .
By the time I finish walking every block of every street in all five boroughs , I 'll have traveled more than 8,000 miles on foot — all within a single city .
Details !
Email me at matt@imjustwalkin.com
Subscribe to my email list Maps : Progress
Your donations allow me to keep walking full - time .
If you think what I 'm doing is valuable and you 'd like to offer some support , I would be very grateful .
On the other hand , if you think I 'm a worthless bum , feel free to email me and tell me to get a job , bozo .
Both are excellent options !
Q4 GDP Up 5.6 %
GDP for the 4th quarter was up 5.6 percent , lower than the expected 5.9 percent , but it was still the highest jump in 6 years .
The CNBC team parses the data .
What 's really behind SEIU 's Bank of America protests ?
( FORTUNE ) --
Every journalist loves a peaceful protest - whether it makes news , shakes up a political season , or holds out the possibility of altering history .
Then there are the ones that show up on your curb -- literally .
Last Sunday , on a peaceful , sun-crisp afternoon , our toddler finally napping upstairs , my front yard exploded with 500 screaming , placard - waving strangers on a mission to intimidate my neighbor , Greg Baer .
Baer is deputy general counsel for corporate law at Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , a senior executive based in Washington , D.C.
And that -- in the minds of the organizers at the politically influential Service Employees International Union and a Chicago outfit called National Political Action -- makes his family fair game .
Waving signs denouncing bank " greed , " hordes of invaders poured out of 14 school buses , up Baer 's steps , and onto his front porch .
As bullhorns rattled with stories of debtor calls and foreclosed homes , Baer 's teenage son Jack -- alone in the house -- locked himself in the bathroom .
" When are they going to leave ? "
Jack pleaded when I called to check on him .
Baer , on his way home from a Little League game , parked his car around the corner , called the police , and made a quick calculation to leave his younger son behind while he tried to rescue his increasingly distressed teen .
He made his way through a din of barked demands and insults from the activists who proudly " outed " him , and slipped through his front door .
" Excuse me , " Baer told his accusers , " I need to get into the house .
I have a child who is alone in there and frightened . "
When is a protest not a protest ?
Now this event would accurately be called a " protest " if it were taking place at , say , a bank or the U.S. Capitol .
But when hundreds of loud and angry strangers are descending on your family , your children , and your home , a more apt description of this assemblage would be " mob . "
Intimidation was the whole point of this exercise , and it worked - even on the police .
A trio of officers who belatedly answered our calls confessed a fear that arrests might " incite " these trespassers .
What 's interesting is that SEIU , the nation 's second largest union , craves respectability .
Just - retired president Andy Stern is an Obama friend and regular White House visitor .
He sits on the President 's Fiscal Responsibility Commission .
He hobnobs with those greedy Wall Street CEOs -- executives much higher - ranking than my neighbor Baer -- at Davos .
His union spent $ 70 million getting Democrats elected in 2008 .
In the business community , though , SEIU has a reputation for strong - arm tactics against management , prompting some companies to file suit .
Now those strong - arm tactics , stirred by supposedly free - floating ( as opposed to organized ) populist rage , have come to the neighborhood curb .
Last year it was AIG executives -- with protestors met by security guard outside .
Now it 's any executive -- and they 're on the front stoop .
After Baer 's house , the 14 buses left to descend on the nearby residence of Peter Scher , a government relations executive at JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) .
Targeting homes and families seems to put SEIU in the ranks of ( now jailed ) radical animal - rights activists and the Kansas anti-gay fundamentalists harassing the grieving parents of a dead 20 - year - old soldier at his funeral ( the Supreme Court has agreed to weigh in on the latter ) .
But that 's not a conversation that SEIU officials want to have .
When I asked Stephen Lerner , SEIU 's point - person on Wall Street reform , about these tactics , he accused me of getting " emotional . "
Lerner was more comfortable sticking to his talking points : " Millions of people are losing their homes , and they have gone to the banks , which are turning a deaf ear . "
Okay , fine , then why not continue SEIU protests at bank offices and shareholder meetings - as the union has been doing for more than a year ?
Lerner insists , " People in powerful corporations seem to think they can insulate themselves from the damage they are doing . "
Other reasons why SEIU might protest
Bank of America officials dispute Lerner 's assertion about the " damage they are doing , " citing the success of workout programs to help distressed homeowners , praise received from community groups , the bank 's support of financial reform legislation , and the little - noticed fact that Bank of America exited the subprime lending business in 2001 .
SEIU has said it wants to organize bank tellers and call centers -- and its critics point out that a great way to worsen employee morale , thereby making workers more susceptible to union calls , is to batter a bank 's image through protest .
( SEIU officials say their anti-Wall Street campaign has nothing to do with their organizing efforts . )
Complicating this picture is the fact that BofA is the union 's lender of choice -- and SEIU , suffering financially , owes the bank nearly $ 4 million in interest and fees .
Bank of America declined comment on the loans .
But SEIU 's intentions , and BofA 's lender record , are ripe subjects to debate in Congress , on air , at shareholder hearings .
Not in Greg Baer 's front yard .
Why the media was n't invited
Sunday 's onslaught was n't designed for mainstream media consumption .
There were no reporters from organizations like the Washington Post , no local camera crews who might have aired criticism of this private - home invasion .
With the media covering the conservative Tea Party protesters , the behavior of individual activists has drawn withering scrutiny .
Instead , a friendly Huffington Post blogger showed up , narrowcasting coverage to the union 's leftist base .
The rest of the message these protesters brought was personal - aimed at frightening Baer and his family , not influencing a broader public .
Of course , HuffPost readers responding to the coverage assumed that Baer was an evil former Bush official .
He 's not .
A lifelong Democrat , Baer worked for the Clinton Treasury Department , and his wife , Shirley Sagawa , author of the book The American Way to Change and a former adviser to Hillary Clinton , is a prominent national service advocate .
In the 1990s , the Baers ' former bosses , Bill and Hillary Clinton , denounced the " politics of personal destruction . "
Today politicians and their voters of all stripes grieve the ugly bitterness that permeates our policy debates .
Now , with populist rage providing a useful cover , it appears we 've crossed into a new era :
The politics of personal intimidation .
You have enough enemies when it comes to getting things done — having your own brain plotting against you is just unfair .
Hone up on a few strategies , thought exercises , and habits that get you past mental roadblocks and back to productivity .
Advertisement
Photo by CarbonNYC .
10 . Pick Good Sounds
Advertisement
Megadeth does n't get everyone motivated , and classical is many folks ' idea of nap music .
Music is a highly subjective thing , but that does n't mean lots of smart folks have spent time thinking about what kind of music works best for getting things done .
Productivity guru David Allen prefers Vivaldi and other Baroque - period pieces that hover around 60 beats per minute .
Founding Editor Gina and the editors at our gaming - crazed cousins Kotaku dig the ambience of Music for Airports .
And while we 've previously tried to tally up the best sounds for getting work done , the ultimate answer may be " Try something new .
Not too loud , not too fast or slow . "
And , for folks like your editor , stuff you do n't know the lyrics to .
Photo by Ruud Hein .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Use Minor Distractions to Fend Off Big Distractions
Advertisement
Were you the kid who listened to mom's advice about sweets before dinner , or were you the kid who tried to reshape the frosting so it looked like nothing was missing ?
If you were the latter , or it feels like that 's still the case , see how kids resisted marshmallows in a famous test .
The main connection between all the good little kids who could hold out for a better reward was that they distracted themselves when temptation came up .
Distraction , of course , is what you 're trying to stop doing , so we 're talking about avoiding one kind of distraction ( wandering into email , getting coffee , checking a favorite web site ) by using a more benign form ( checking a project status , tidy up your desk a bit , stand up and stretch ) .
If you acknowledge your temptations to get away from your work , that 's half the battle of stopping them .
( Original post )
Advertisement
8. Set a Timer and Crank Until It Beeps
Advertisement
Which would you rather do : spend weeks on a big , multi- faceted project , or work 10 minutes on fixing typos and errors and then get a two - minute break ?
It 's surprising how easy it is to force yourself into working in a short dash , with a definite end in sight .
It 's a technique beloved by 43 Folders , prolific personal finance bloggers , psychologists , and many others get to work when work seems overwhelming .
( Original posts : 43f , GRS , Psychology Today ) .
Beat procrastination with a dash Productive person Merlin Mann says the worst case of procrastination can be remedied with what he …
Read more
Advertisement
7. Move and Breathe Like You 're Excited
Advertisement
Fast breathing , cold sweats , a pounding heart — when your mind is trying to stay cool before public speaking or other big events , your body knows how you really feel .
Use that mind - body link - up to your advantage when you 're less than excited about a meeting , a task , or other obligations .
Psychology Today suggests sports - style psych-ups , like moving around , talking to yourself with high - energy words , and breathing like you 're about to step into the ring .
Your ability to do this stuff discretely will vary , but grabbing some quick private time is probably a better use of time than praying for an electrical outage , anyways .
Photo by Andrew_Nielsen .
( Original post )
Advertisement
6. Make Your To - Do List Doable
Advertisement
The demands that our jobs put on us is usually more than enough .
The way many of us over - stuff and micro-manage our to - do lists makes it worse .
Gina gave us the big picture of making a doable to - do list , but her advice on saving your workday contains a fast - food take - away : cross one item that 's not worth doing off your list , right now .
Whether it 's unimportant busywork , old ideas that do n't work , or something you can delegate to better hands , your list will speak more clearly to you and you 'll feel a lot better .
Photo by ebby .
Advertisement
5. Do n't Check Email for the First Hour of Work
Advertisement
We know , we know — not everybody can technically do this .
But , honestly , maybe you can , by shifting your schedule an hour ahead or training coworkers on when to expect responses .
Organization writer Julie Morgenstern titled an entire book on this idea , the basic premise of which is that that first hour , the one where nobody can pull you in different directions , is when you can crank on an important task , the first thing to get done today , the thing you know everyone 's going to pull you away from later on .
Try it out for a day or two — do n't let what happened overnight in your inbox dictate your entire day .
Photo by trekkyandy .
Advertisement
4. Create a Fake Constraint
Advertisement
It 's something of a companion piece to the " dash , " or perhaps a 300 - level class for graduates of Fooling Yourself Into Producing 101 .
But putting creative constraints on your work or personal projects — 500 words , 140 characters , 24 hours , 10 people , three colors — makes you stretch your brain a bit further , and get more creative , than just plodding and plodding until you feel " done . "
I found particular inspiration in how Beck gives himself and his friends just 24 hours to record entire cover albums .
Entrepreneur and blogger Guy Kawasaki stands by the success of presentations that use 30 - point fonts , 20 minutes , and just 10 slides ( the 10/20/30 rule ) for less soul - deadening effect .
Whatever fence you set up , you 'll likely feel paradoxically more free inside of it .
( Original post : 10/20/30 ) .
Advertisement
3. Move Quickly on New Skills and Great Ideas
Advertisement
" If only I knew " is a dangerous tool to give your own mind .
It 's easy to convince yourself that you can't act on your ideas until you 've learned everything about them , or researched every possible alternative , or read the entire programming book before writing your " Hello World " app .
Video blogger Ze Frank calls these stashed - away thoughts brain crack , because it 's addictive to think you 've always got an idea in the can that just needs one more thing .
Adam built his first webapp from what was basically scratch , and was all the happier for not holding out .
Programmer Matt Nowack described what 's called for best — " hustle . "
( Original posts : brain crack , hustle ) .
Advertisement
2. Have a Status Board ( of Some Kind )
Advertisement
Just look at how the team at Panic software keeps track of their big - picture goals , small successes , and organizational progress .
It 's neat , and it 's made their team more productive , but you 'll never get one .
You can , however , analyze and panic - button your life with personal graphing tools , fitness monitors , goal - oriented webapps , or by taking inspiration ( and caution ) from the subjects of Gary Wolf 's NYT Magazine piece on The Data - Driven Life .
Of course , people have been keeping personal status trackers for hundreds of years — they just called them journals .
Advertisement
1. Understand and Overcome Your Fear of Failure
Advertisement
The part of your brain that was forged in caveman times does n't want you to risk doing something great on your next project , to jump to a new career , to start writing on the side .
It wants you to stay fed , remain quiet , and simply survive .
Author Seth Godin and productivity writer Merlin Mann dug into the facets of this tendency — the " lizard brain , " the " puppy brain , " and beyond — in an interview conversation well worth listening to .
Even if you take the step toward actually working on the project , your brain can start getting ahead on excuses for your failure , and they 'll affect the outcome all along the way .
You can't entirely stop your mind from wanting you to stay safe , but you can know what it 's trying to do and strive to work past it .
Photo by Tiagø Ribeiro .
( Original posts : fear of failure , excuses ) .
Advertisement
When you 've felt completely defeated , or can't seem to focus , how have you snapped yourself out of it ?
Was it a thinking exercise , a change of scene , or something else ?
We want to hear about what really worked in the comments .
Style Soft Edge White Edge Black Edge Image Wrap Unstretched 1 ½ inches thick ( 3.75 cm )
Product Details
Artist grade canvas , archival inks , wooden stretcher bars , and UVB protective coating
Usually ships within five business days .
Platinum Member
Description
The eternal struggle between science and religion .
While Jesus has great stamina , and a knack for resurrection , he also invented pacifism , and has a habit of turning the other cheek .
Darwin knows what 's at stake with the Survival of the Fittest , but he's also a christian , and may pull his punches .
It 's anyone 's fight !
The Pennsylvania Game Commission says the 39 - year - old Wilkes - Barre resident was found guilty on Thursday and was ordered to pay $ 6,800 ( £ 4,400 ) in fines and restitution , plus court costs .
Carpet Cleaning Advice
Simple tips to help extend the life of your carpet investment , whether it 's in your home or office .
But frankly I do n't care if the owner of the pot was a drug dealer .
For that matter , I do not care if he had a mountain of marijuana in his back yard in which he liked to roll around naked .
It still would n't constitute a good reason for armed men to burst through his door without knocking , much less light up the family pets in front of the kid .
Have you ever had one of those arguments in a bar that start around eleven and wind up when the bartender kicks you out ?
It starts off on some perfectly reasonable topic , but as the hours and the drinks mount up , the participants are forced to stake out some clear logical positions , and in doing so , crawl farther and farther out along the limb they are defending . . . until suddenly you reach a point at which one of the debaters can either abandon their initial commitment , or endorse the slaughter of 30,000 Guatemalan orphans .
And there 's this long pause , and then he says , " Look , it 's not like I want to kill those orphans . . . "
This is our nation 's drug enforcement in a nutshell .
We started out by banning the things .
And people kept taking them .
So we made the punishments more draconian .
But people kept selling them .
So we pushed the markets deep into black market territory , and got the predictable violence . . . and then we upped our game , turning drug squads into quasi- paramilitary raiders .
Somewhere along the way , we got so focused on enforcing the law that we lost sight of the purpose of the law , which is to make life in America better .
I do n't know how anyone can watch that video , and think to themselves , " Yes , this is definitely worth it to rid the world of the scourge of excess pizza consumption and dopey , giggly conversations about cartoons . "
Short of multiple homicide , I 'm having trouble coming up with anything that justifies that kind of police action .
And you know , I doubt the police could either .
But they were n't busy trying to figure out if they were maximizing the welfare of their larger society .
They were , in that most terrifying of phrases , just doing their jobs .
And in the end , that is our shame , not theirs .
When it comes to DIY , Altoids tins are quite popular , due to their durability and versatility .
This week , DIY web site Instructables shows us how to make a stereo mixer with just a trip to RadioShack and a little bit of soldering .
Advertisement
This is a pretty cheap way to get four inputs plugged into one output at a time , so you do n't have to fiddle around with cords when you want to play something off your friend 's iPod instead of yours .
All you need is a few 1/8 " stereo input jacks , some wire , and a few 4.7 k ohm resistors ( all available at RadioShack ) .
The project does involve a bit of soldering , which if you have n't learned yet , you should — because your DIY possibilities become endless — but other than that should n't be too difficult .
Not only is the Altoids tin a great , durable casing for this project , but it looks cool too , giving it that " made - it - myself " feel .
Hit the link for the full instructions .
Advertisement
Altoids Tin 1/8 " Stereo Mixer [ Instructables via Unplggd ]
Crazy is Glenn Beck ’s business and , last year , business was good .
According to Forbes , Beck pulled in $ 32 million in the twelve months ending March 1 .
Most of the money was made by Mercury Radio Arts , the “ entertainment company ” that handles Beck ’s best - selling books , his lucrative website , and his sold - out sweater concerts , all of which accounted for $ 30 million of the money he made .
Ever the capitalist , Beck is n’t content with his current level of wealth .
And since he does n’t really care about politics ( he told Forbes “ I could give a flying crap about the political process ” ) , his plans are to make more money by rolling out more radio stations , selling more books , and continuing the “ never - ending quest to try to improve the quality ” of what he ’s doing .
At least that last one is a goal we can all support .
Cash from controversy : Glenn Beck made $ 32 M in the last year , says Forbes [ NYDN ]
A day almost never passes without someone sending a comment my way about some recent study , plucked by the media from the hundreds published that same day , showing that low - carb diets cause brain fog or decreased longevity or cancer of some type or any number of conditions any of us would rather not have .
These comments always end with the plaintive request , is there any truth to this ?
My answer follows :
This data comes from an observational study , and , as such , ca n’t possibly indicate causality .
Since I get these comments so often and answer them the same equally often , I figured it was about time to write a post on what an observational study really is so that I can link to it when I give my standard reply .
I can then add this post to the ones on the glycemic index and relative risk , both of which serve the same purpose .
I can simply link instead of explaining what these terms mean each time I have to use them .
Observational studies – also called prospective or cohort studies and sometimes even epidemiological studies – are the kind most often reported in the media simply because there are so many of them .
These are the studies in which researchers look for disease disparities between large populations of people with different diets , lifestyles , medications , incomes , etc .
If disease disparities are found to exist between groups , then researchers try to make the case that the difference in diet , lifestyle , medication , etc. is the driving force behind the disparity .
We ’ve all seen these studies by the score .
We read that a large study population of people is separated into two groups based on blood levels of vitamin C .
One group of subjects has high blood levels , the other group has lower blood levels .
And since every one seems to believe that vitamin C protects against the common cold , the researchers decide to monitor these two groups for a year and find that the group with the highest blood levels of vitamin C has the fewest colds .
These findings are rushed into publication , and soon we read everywhere that vitamin C prevents the common cold .
It all seems so reasonable and so scientific , but the truth is that these studies do n’t mean squat .
And the researchers who do them know it , or at least should know it .
The fact that they do know is evident in the weasel words they use in describing their findings .
You ’ll read that these data ‘ suggest ’ or that they ‘ imply ’ or that this ‘ may cause ’ that .
The non-technically trained public , however , read these to say that vitamin C prevents the common cold .
And usually the media helps to sway opinion by slanting the story in the same direction .
But , you may ask , why are n’t these studies sound ?
If the one group with the greater blood levels of vitamin C had significantly fewer colds , why is it such a stretch to say that vitamin C prevents colds ?
I can explain by way of a game I used to play with myself as a child .
I ’ve never been one to sleep much even when I was a kid .
I always stayed up late and I always woke up early .
My brain never seemed to slow down .
I was always ruminating on something .
My way of trying to get to sleep was to try to think of everything that could be thought of .
My mind would race , and I would think of my brothers sleeping in the room with me , their beds , my bed , the closet , the tree outside , my dad ’s car , the rug on the floor , the moon , and on and on and on .
As I thought faster and faster , continuing to compile things that could be thought of , I would finally hit a quitting point .
Then I would try to figure if there was anything I had n’t thought of .
Of course , immediately I would think of something .
I had n’t thought of the pigs on my grandfather ’s farm .
Or I had n’t thought of the fire hydrant out front .
Or my father ’s shoes .
Or whatever .
Then I would start the game again , this time , of course , starting with the pigs on my grandfather ’s farm and going from there .
I would always fall asleep before I had ever thought of everything there was to think of .
Researchers doing observational studies have much the same problem .
They try to think of all the differences between two large populations of subjects so that they can statistically negate them so that only the observation in question – the vitamin C level in the example above – is different between the groups .
Problem is they can never possibly think of all the differences between the groups .
As a consequence , they never have a perfect study with exactly the same number , sex , age , lifestyle , etc. on both sides with the only difference being the study parameter .
And so they do n’t really ever prove anything .
In fact , we would all probably be a lot better off if all the researchers doing observational studies had followed my lead and fallen asleep mid study .
But I ’m being too harsh .
These studies do have some value .
Their value is in generating hypotheses .
The observational study demonstrates a correlation .
In our example above , the correlation is that higher vitamin C levels correlate ( in this particular study ) with lower rates of colds .
So , from this data , we could hypothesize that vitamin C prevents the common cold .
But at this stage that would be just an hypothesis – not a fact .
Once we have the hypothesis , we can then do a randomize , placebo - controlled trial .
We can recruit subjects , randomize them into two groups that are as equal as possible , especially as vitamin C levels are concerned .
Then we give one group of subjects vitamin C and the other a placebo and watch them for a year .
At the end of the year ( or whatever the study period is ) , we break the codes , see who is on vitamin C and who is on placebo .
We already know how many got colds , so now we compare that to vitamin C intake .
We may find that those who took the vitamin C got significantly fewer colds , so we can say that our study demonstrates that vitamin C prevents the common cold .
If this same study is repeated a number of times with the same outcome , then it can be said to be proven that vitamin C prevents colds .
( This study is , of course , hypothetical . )
But these studies are randomized trials , not observational studies .
Observational studies only show correlation , not causation , a fact that everyone doing research and reading about research should have tattooed on their foreheads .
CORRELATION IS NOT CAUSATION
More often than not observational studies are chock full of all kinds of technical - looking graphs , charts and tables .
Many even have complicated equations .
And long statistical analyses of the data derived .
They are like zombies , however .
They give the appearance of scientific life , but they are really scientifically dead .
Irrespective of how many scientific baubles are strewn through them , they are nothing but observational studies , worthwhile only as generators of hypotheses .
They demonstrate only correlation , not causation .
If you want to bear with me , I ’ll show you a bizarre observational study that was actually performed that demonstrates everything you need to know about observational studies .
The study was published in 2003 in the prestigious American Journal of Epidemiology .
The title of the study is Shaving , Coronary Heart Disease , and Stroke .
( Click here for free full text )
This study purports to show that the frequency of shaving correlates with risk for developing heart disease , with those men shaving less having a greater risk .
Here ’s the finding that initiated this study .
A case - control study comparing the frequency of shaving in 21 men under 43 years of age who had suffered a myocardial infarction and 21 controls found that nine of the cases but none of the controls shaved only every 2 or 3 days .
Someone noticed that about half of the men in a small group of subjects who had a heart attack shaved once every two or three days .
Another group of men of similar age who had n’t had a heart attack were designated as controls .
Upon questioning it was discovered that all of the men in the control group shaved every day .
Thus the first hypothesis was born : Infrequent shaving correlates with heart attack .
The researchers had access to a large population of subjects from another ongoing study called the Caerphilly Study .
Researchers recruited 2,513 men aged 45 - 59 from this study and gave them comprehensive medical workups including extensive laboratory testing .
Men were asked about their frequency of shaving by a medical interviewer during phase I . Responses were classified into categories ranging from twice daily to once daily , every other day , or less frequently .
The 34 men with beards were not classified .
These categories were dichotomized into once or twice per day and less frequently .
The men in the study were followed for the next 20 years with follow - up exams periodically to monitor for history of chest pain , heart attack and / or stroke .
Of the 521 men who shaved less frequently than daily , 45.1 percent died during the follow - up period , as compared with 31.3 percent of men who shaved at least daily .
When the data were further refined it was determined that
The age - adjusted hazard ratios demonstrate increased risks of all - cause , cardiovascular disease , and non-cardiovascular - disease mortality and all stroke events among men who shaved less frequently .
So there you have it .
Proof that shaving daily prevents heart disease .
Or is it ?
The researchers doing this study are n’t so stupid that they really think that the act of shaving itself has anything to do with a man ’s risk for developing heart disease .
In fact , they went to great lengths to show that shaving was merely a marker for other things going on that may well have something to do with risk for developing heart disease or increased all - cause mortality .
The one fifth ( n = 521 , 21.4 % ) of men who shaved less frequently than daily were shorter , were less likely to be married , had a lower frequency of orgasm , and were more likely to smoke , to have angina , and to work in manual occupations than other men .
And these are just the differences the researchers found .
Had they looked harder , I ’m sure they would have found more , just like I did when I played my ‘ think of everything that can be thought about ’ game with myself as a kid .
But if these researchers had really believed that the data showed that the lack of frequent shaving itself may have been the driving force behind the development of heart disease , they may have designed a randomized clinical trial to show causality .
They could have recruited men without heart disease , randomized them into two groups , instructed the men in one group to shave daily and the men in the other to shave every third day .
Then after 20 years the researchers could tell whether or not shaving protects against heart disease .
But the idea that shaving itself has anything to do with heart disease is so ludicrous that no one would ever do such a study .
We can all see that .
It ’s a ridiculous idea .
It should be obvious that the shaving or lack thereof has nothing to do with heart disease or early death ; the lack of shaving is merely a marker for all the other conditions that are risk factors for heart disease , i.e. , small stature , unmarried , smoking , lower socioeconomic class , etc .
It ’s all so easy to see .
But let ’s just suppose that we take this same study and substitute the term ‘ elevated cholesterol ’ for ‘ infrequent shaving . ’
Now what do we see ?
Let ’s change one of the quotes from above to reflect this change .
What then ?
Of the 521 men who had elevated cholesterol , 45.1 percent died during the follow - up period , as compared with 31.3 percent of men who had low or normal cholesterol .
We nod our heads sagely .
Suddenly we have a study that seems to make sense .
But – and this is important – it does n’t make any more sense than the shaving study .
Both are observational studies .
We are programmed to think cholesterol is bad and causes heart disease , so this second study appears reasonable to us .
It triggers our confirmation bias .
We do n’t believe for a second that shaving has anything to do with heart disease , so we can easily dismiss those findings .
But we are more than ready to believe that the elevated cholesterol caused those men who had it to have heart attacks .
But the reality is that both studies are exactly the same – and neither proves anything .
If you ’re interested in a longer , more in - depth article on observational studies , take a look at Gary Taubes long piece in the New York Times a few years ago .
I ’ve tried to take a little different slant than he did so that my post and his article would cover all the bases .
Cartoon above from : Smith , G. D. et al. Int. J. Epidemiol .
2001 30:1-11
by ·
The health benefits of what , you ask ?
I suppose it would be better for me to actually tell you what this is before going into the benefits that it provides .
What is Spirulina ?
Spirulina is a fresh water or blue green alga ; it grows in the waters of South America and Africa .
This little bacterium that measures approximately .0196850394 inches in length packs a big punch for its little size .
It beats out red meat and soy in protein content .
Spirulina has 60 percent protein content , red meat has 27 percent protein content , and soy has a meager 34 percent protein content .
For those of you interested in word history , the name “ spirulina ” is derived from the Latin word for “ helix ” or “ spiral ” which denotes the physical configuration of the organism when it forms swirling strands .
Not only is this little powerhouse packed with protein , it is packed with minerals too including iron , calcium and magnesium .
Top that with Vitamins A , B , C , D and E and you have a force to be reckoned with .
Some scientists even speculate that the “ manna ” that God provided for the Israelites , as referred to in the bible , may have been a form of dried , dormant Spirulina .
Want to bulk up , try this little guy , the Chinese actually utilize Spirulina to bulk up commercially produced poultry and livestock .
Spirulina can also be helpful for those affected by diabetes .
Some researchers claim that Spirulina is useful in helping diabetics control their food cravings and helping to decrease their insulin intake , because of the high concentration of its nutrients .
Several studies have found that Spirulina may help with the following :
recovering mobility after a stroke
warding off the free radical damage related to diseases like Parkinson ’s and Huntington ’s Disease
the regression of oral cancer lesions caused by chewing tobacco
decreasing the side effects of arthritis including cartilage damage and inflammation
lowering cholesterol
reducing hypertension
preventing cancer
strengthening the liver ’s defense against toxins
alleviating allergic reactions
preventing gastro enteric infection
reducing gastro enteric distress by promoting the growth of intestinal bacteria
strengthening immune responses
preliminary promise in fighting HIV
Now I am sure you are thinking this is great and all , but how exactly does one go about getting Spirulina ?
Spirulina comes in the form of a supplement .
Basically there are three types of this supplement : powder , pill or liquid extract .
Each form of Spirulina is equally nutrient rich , so no form is better than the other ; it just depends on what you prefer as far as convenience is concerned .
If you do not mind taking several pills a day , then the pill is a good choice for you .
If you are more of a smoothie person , then you may want to get the powder form to add to your daily smoothies .
Spirulina is recognized all over the world to be the most complete food source ; no other food contains as many nutrients as Spirulina does .
It is currently being developed as ‘ the food of the future ’ .
Comments
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Pirelli has promised Formula 1 fans that it will take an ' aggressive ' approach to its tyre choice for next season in a bid to help improve the show .
With the Italian tyre manufacturer having taken on board the lessons from this year 's Canadian Grand Prix , which was turned into a great spectacle because of rubber that was difficult to manage , Pirelli says that careful thought will now be made about how best to approach 2011 .
And rather than simply adopting a conservative approach to tyre choice , Pirelli has made it clear that it wants to push the tyres as much as it can to ensure the racing is as good as possible .
Pirelli's motorsport director Paul Hembery told AUTOSPORT in an exclusive interview : " We are going to try and be aggressive - provide one ' safe ' option and then an aggressive one to try and create the show .
That is something that the promoter would definitely like to see , and Bernie [ Ecclestone ] is keen for that .
" The fans , I am sure , are keen for that , and I have to say that the comments from the teams after Canada were that they actually enjoyed it .
The team principals I have spoken to said that that was good fun .
It might not have produced the result they all wanted , but it added to the strategy of the event . "
Hembery believes that Pirelli has a chance to really shake up the impact that tyres can have on the racing - as he suggests F1 should be as on the knife - edge in terms of tyre management as MotoGP is .
" We want to participate with the sport and make the show , and Canada was a good example of what you can do if you provide an extreme solution , " he said .
" From a tyre maker 's point of view , you wonder if the public perceive that as a bad tyre , but in the end that is about communication .
" There are other forms of motorsport , like motorcycle racing , where the tyre is always at the limit .
And if you take someone like Valentino Rossi , his great success over the years was down to his maintenance of the tyre performance until the end of the race .
Then he does his showboat lap at the end where he just destroys everyone .
" So , it is a skill that we used to talk about in motorsport all over the place , of drivers conserving their tyres , managing their tyres , and maybe over the years we have all developed technologies that means they can go flat out for much longer - and that skill has maybe been lost along the way .
" As long as we communicate it well , the drivers understand it and do n't start talking about bad tyres - and understand that it is part of the show - then it will be fine .
I think all of them after Canada will probably agree they had more fun in that scenario than they probably would have done in a processional race .
Certainly from a fans ' point of view it was fantastic . "
Read the full interview with Pirelli's Paul Hembery here .
The human brain likes balance .
Not simply biological and physiological homeostasis that maintains the proper functioning of the brain , but emotional , social and psychological balance .
Notably , the human brain dislikes inequality when it comes to money , and rejects it at all costs , according to new research in the journal Nature .
Behavioral and anthropological evidence show that humans dislike social inequality and unfair distribution of outcomes .
But this evidence is not purely social , anymore , since researchers at the California Institute of Technology and Trinity College in Dublin , Ireland , have identified reward centers in the brain that are sensitive to inequality .
The authors examined functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) images of participants as they were presented with money - transfer scenarios .
The volunteers participating in the study were initially randomized into 2 conditions : to receive a large monetary endowment at the beginning of the study ( $ 50 ) or to start with no money .
Participants were assigned to pairs — one participant from each of the monetary conditions — and the participants were offered the chance to transfer sums of money ( between $ 0 and $ 50 ) between them .
The interesting finding was that the brains ’ reward centers in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ( VMPFC ) and ventral striatum responded differently to the money - transfer offers , depending on whether the participant started the experiment with money or without .
Not surprisingly , the brains of the people who started the experiment with no money had strong reward - focused reactions to gaining money themselves , and basically no reaction to money going to someone else .
However , the brains of people who started the experiment with money had a stronger reaction to other people gaining money than gaining money themselves .
This research is among the first to show that a dislike of fairness and inequality is more than just a social convention .
On a physiological level , people are not as selfish as once believed .
Similar studies preceding the current research demonstrated that the VMPFC is involved in making value - based decisions , including monetary gain , donation to charity and reciprocity .
In several experiments , the brain rejected inequality and unfair offers , whether the outcome was monetarily advantageous or disadvantageous for the participant .
Some researchers still claim that this behavior is based in emotions , rather than physiology .
They postulate that humans reject inequality and attempt to restore fairness owing to anger or moral disgust over an unjust situation .
Further , others contend that people who have money want to restore equity and balance to assuage their guilt and decrease their own discomfort over having more than other people .
While the new study demonstrates that humans are not completely focused on their own self - interests , it is unclear how the physiological evidence translates to behaviors in real - world circumstances .
Humans experience physiological and emotional rewards from helping others and donating to charities , but the brain seems to stop short of wanting to redistribute wealth across the board .
The association between work , reward and equality , and the brain ’s mechanisms underlying all of them , remain unclear .
References
Guroglu , B. , van den Bos , W. , Rombouts , S. , & Crone , E. ( 2010 ) .
Unfair ?
It depends : Neural correlates of fairness in social context Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience DOI : 10.1093/scan/nsq013
Hare , T. , Camerer , C. , Knoepfle , D. , O’Doherty , J. , & Rangel , A. ( 2010 ) .
Value Computations in Ventral Medial Prefrontal Cortex during Charitable Decision Making Incorporate Input from Regions Involved in Social Cognition Journal of Neuroscience , 30 ( 2 ) , 583-590 DOI : 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.4089-09.2010
Smith , D. , Hayden , B. , Truong , T. , Song , A. , Platt , M. , & Huettel , S. ( 2010 ) .
Distinct Value Signals in Anterior and Posterior Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Journal of Neuroscience , 30 ( 7 ) , 2490-2495 DOI : 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3319-09.2010
Takagishi H , Takahashi T , Toyomura A , Takashino N , Koizumi M , Yamagishi T. Neural correlates of the rejection of unfair offers in the impunity game .
Neuro Endocrinol Lett. 2009;30(4):496-500 .
Tricomi , E. , Rangel , A. , Camerer , C. , & O’Doherty , J. ( 2010 ) .
Neural evidence for inequality - averse social preferences Nature , 463 ( 7284 ) , 1089 - 1091 DOI : 10.1038/nature08785
Yamagishi , T. , Horita , Y. , Takagishi , H. , Shinada , M. , Tanida , S. , & Cook , K. ( 2009 ) .
The private rejection of unfair offers and emotional commitment Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 106 ( 28 ) , 11520-11523 DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0900636106
IT ’S NOT JUST ’40 - YEAR OLD LEGISLATION ’….
On “ Good Morning America , ” Republican Senate candidate and right - wing ophthalmologist Rand Paul dismissed questions about his opposition to the Civil Rights
Act by suggesting his views on the matter are irrelevant .
To hear him tell it , there ’s no point in “ bringing up 40 - year - old legislation . ”
I ’ve seen some Paul defenders make the same point — unless Congress is planning to actually vote on repealing the Fair Housing Act or related laws , which is n’t going to happen , what difference does Rand Paul ’s hypothetical opposition really make ?
It ’s not like eliminating child - labor laws will work its way to the Senate floor anytime soon .
Settled law , the argument goes , is settled law .
It ’s hard to overstate how mistaken this is .
We ’re not only getting a closer look at the twisted worldview of a bizarre political movement , but we ’re learning that a man who may very well be a U.S. senator in January does n’t believe the federal government has the authority to interfere with private enterprise at all — not even to end racial segregation .
As Ezra noted yesterday , it ’s hardly a stretch to think this might have public policy implications .
For instance :
Can the federal government set the private sector ’s minimum wage ?
Can it tell private businesses not to hire illegal immigrants ?
Can it tell oil companies what safety systems to build into an offshore drilling platform ?
Can it tell toy companies to test for lead ?
Can it tell liquor stores not to sell to minors ?
These are the sort of questions that Paul needs to be asked now , because the issue is not “ area politician believes kooky but harmless thing . ”
It ’s “ area politician espouses extremist philosophy on issue he will be voting on constantly . ”
“ Constantly ” is not an exaggeration .
Legislation related to private enterprise is a fixture of federal policymaking .
Rand wo n’t be in a position to evaluate proposals on the merits , because he ’s already decided that the underlying efforts have no merit — if the government is considering a measure that interferes with the practices of a private entity , it ’s necessarily unacceptable .
( Unless , of course , we ’re talking about a woman ’s uterus or a gay couple ’s bedroom , which Rand Paul defines as public entities . )
If the federal government can’t tell businesses what they can and cannot do , monopolies are fine , as is price - fixing .
Food - safety regulations are objectionable , as are home - safety building codes .
Where does Paul draw the lines drawn , exactly ?
It ’s hard to say — the Kentucky Republican has drawn them in a radical way when it comes to racial discrimination and Americans with disabilities , and now he no longer wants to talk about the scope of his strange worldview .
A voter may or may not find all of this scary , but to dismiss a radical worldview as irrelevant because the Civil Rights
Act is “ 40 - year - old legislation ” is a mistake .
Betzold family for ESPN.com Matt Betzold had his leg amputated as a child and hopes to make it as a pro in MMA .
Matt Betzold had his leg amputated as a child and hopes to make it as a pro in MMA .
Matt Betzold , a 26 - year - old amateur mixed martial arts fighter from Phoenix , is in for a fight as he battles the Arizona Boxing Commission to get approved as a professional .
But it wo n't be the fight of his life .
The fight of Betzold 's life came when he was 6 years old .
He ate a piece of poisoned candy , and to save his life doctors had to amputate his left leg below the knee .
As the story goes , the candy was laced with mushroom spores by someone who wanted to avenge a perceived wrong by Betzold 's father .
" My dad was wrapped up with some people he should n't have been wrapped up with , " Betzold said .
The story takes a winding path involving a motorcycle gang , a case of mistaken identity , and the person who laced the candy doing the same thing to his own mother before eventually committing suicide .
" That 's what I was told as a kid growing up , " Betzold said .
[+]
Enlarge Carrie Betzold Matt Betzold has won a lot of awards for his grappling but now wants to turn pro .
And as it turned out , Betzold 's childhood fight for his life was the precursor to many fights .
" I grew up scrapping , " he said .
In elementary school there were fights because kids taunted him for having one leg .
In middle school and high school Betzold fought because he liked fighting .
" When I fought a guy in school I 'd always take him down to the ground and punch him , " he said .
And Betzold , who now weighs 145 pounds , never turned down a fight despite his disability and usually being outweighed .
" The littler ones are always the scrappy ones , " he said laughing .
As a 17 - year - old , Betzold started MMA training as a way to stay out of trouble .
" I used it to grow up , " he said .
" And now people use me as an inspiration , you could say .
I guess it 's true , I hear it all the time .
That 's one of the main reasons I fight now .
Plus , I love it .
You 've got to do what you love to do , I believe . "
And that brings things to today .
Betzold , who had to battle for approval for amateur MMA fights , has a 4 - 1 amateur record ( 3 - 1 if you do n't count his victory in an unsanctioned fight ) .
Although there 's no established guideline , the Arizona Boxing Commission prefers amateurs to have five fights before turning pro .
" Five seems kind of a rule of thumb , " said Dennis O'Connell , executive director of the boxing commission .
In Arizona 's amateur MMA fights , there are no blows to the head while a fighter is on the ground .
And because Betzold competes without his prosthetic leg he fights from his knees , which is considered being on the ground , so he never has to fend off blows to the head .
But in pro MMA fighting , blows to the head are allowed while a fighter is on the ground .
So the boxing commission is concerned for Betzold 's safety from punches and kicks .
In other words , Betzold has another battle on his hands , and it promises to be tough .
" I would n't say it 's uphill , " O'Connell said .
" He 's going into new territory . "
Betzold is a nationally - known grappler , a sport that combines principles of wrestling , jiu - jitsu and judo .
He won a silver medal at the Grappling World Championships in Fort Lauderdale in December .
He 's unfazed by O'Connell 's outlook .
" I 've proved that because of my leg it 's not going to hinder me running through people , " said Betzold , who is married with two kids .
" I know that the boxing commissioner has to look at the safety of the fighters but the fact of the matter is I 'm dominating all of these fighters on the mat .
Why can't I fight ? "
Chris Perkins , formerly of The Palm Beach Post , is a freelance writer for the Sports Media Exchange , a national freelance network .
Back to Page 2
( OPRAH.com ) --
At first glance , Jeanne , Amy , Nikki and Desiree do n't seem to have much in common .
Jeanne is a 31 - year - old hotel clerk , and Amy is a 26 - year - old working mom .
Desiree is an 18 - year - old who dreams of becoming an FBI agent , and Nikki is a 26 - year - old bartender .
Despite their differences , these women are bonded by the horrors they say they experienced as children .
Jeanne , Amy , Desiree and Nikki were all born into the Tony Alamo Christian Ministry , which , some say , is a cult .
Oprah.com :
What 's it like inside a polygamist ranch ?
In the 1980s , Alamo , a self - proclaimed prophet of God , had thousands of devoted followers in the United States , including the parents of Jeanne , Amy , Desiree and Nikki .
" When Tony would say that God spoke to him , everyone believed it , " Jeanne says .
At the height of the ministry 's popularity , many followers lived in compounds , including one in Fouke , Arkansas .
Outsiders had no idea what was going on beyond the barred windows , but these four women know all too well .
Ex-followers say that by the late 1990s Alamo was living in this sprawling compound with more than a dozen women , some of whom he called his " spiritual wives . "
Though no legal documents were ever signed , Jeanne , Amy and Desiree say they were three of Alamo's " wives . "
But when they said their vows , they hardly qualified as women -- they were still girls .
Oprah.com : A former polygamist speaks out
Jeanne says that when she was 15 years old Alamo , who was 59 years old and her pastor at the time , forced her to become his spiritual wife and have sex with him .
Amy says Alamo made her say vows and submit to his sexual desires when she was 14 .
Then , Alamo reportedly did something that reportedly shocked even his most devoted followers .
Desiree says
Alamo made her his youngest spiritual wife when she was just 8 years old .
Desiree says
Alamo then forced her to have sex with him .
Nikki says she was 15 years old when she realized Alamo planned to make her his next " wife . "
Nikki escaped the compound and fled before Alamo had the chance to act .
Jeanne , Amy and Desiree say they lived as Alamo's " wives " for years and endured abuse before they were able to leave .
They eventually fled the compound and left the church that once ruled their lives .
Then , in July 2009 , these four young women came face - to - face with Alamo once again .
This time , in federal court .
Despite pressure from family members and friends who still belong to Alamo 's church , they testified against their former leader .
A jury found Alamo guilty of transporting minors across state lines with the intent to have sex , and he's now serving 175 years in prison .
Alamo 's attorneys are planning to appeal the case .
Oprah.com : Polygamy in America today
Many Americans have never heard of Alamo or his ministry , but Lynn LaRowe , a Texarkana Gazette reporter who 's been covering Alamo 's story for years , says he began making a name for himself in Los Angeles in the late 1960s .
" Tony Alamo said God appeared before him in his body and told him that he needed to go spread the Lord 's message or that he would surely die , " Lynn says .
In 1966 , Alamo married Susan Lipowitz and established the Tony and Susan Alamo Christian Foundation .
" Susan Alamo actually operated a television ministry , " Lynn says .
" Tony Alamo would make cameo appearances as a gospel singer . "
Their ministry gained thousands of followers and became a huge success .
Then , in 1982 , Susan died of cancer .
Former members say that 's when Alamo 's dark side was unleashed .
Alamo reportedly put his wife 's dead body in his dining room , and former church members say he made men , women and children pray over her corpse for almost two years .
They were told their prayers would raise Susan from the dead , but when it did n't work , a former member says Alamo blamed his faithful followers .
Oprah.com :
She escaped a polygamist community
Over time , Alamo began to exert more control over members of the Tony Alamo Christian Ministry .
He turned his church it into a multimillion - dollar business , built on the backs of devoted followers .
" They spent all of their time either praying or working in some capacity for the ministry , " Lynn says .
" They were completely physically , if not psychologically , as well , exhausted .
So there was no time for independent thinking . "
Emboldened by his success , Alamo was n't afraid to share his radical views with the world .
During a 2008 interview with CNN anchor Rick Sanchez , Alamo ranted against the Catholic Church and argued that the Bible implies that puberty is the age of consent .
" I do n't know when girls reach puberty .
Most of them around 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , " he said during the interview .
" God inseminated Mary at the age of around 10 to 12 .
Should we get him for having sex ? "
Jeanne , Amy , Nikki and Desiree say that when they lived in Alamo 's Arkansas compound , he controlled every facet of his followers ' lives , and threatened violence and eternal damnation if they dared to disobey him .
" He was the one who laid down the rules , " Desiree says .
Nikki says
Alamo decided everything , from who could get a driver 's license to whom a member could marry .
Jeanne , Amy , Desiree and Nikki say that when Alamo set his sights on a young girl in his congregation , her parents could n't say no .
In fact , some believed becoming one of his spiritual wives was an honor .
" My mom had told me the only person I was going to marry was Tony Alamo , " Amy says .
Once Alamo " married " a girl , Jeanne says he used her to fulfill his sexual desires .
" Tony Alamo had up to 13 wives .
About , I would say , half were minors , and he had had sex with every single one of us , " she says .
" He preferred the younger ones . "
Four days after Alamo exchanged vows with Jeanne , his eighth " wife , " she says he made her have sex with him .
" I did believe that God was telling him that I was supposed to have sex with him , that I was supposed to be his wife , that anything he asked of me , I was supposed to do , " she says .
When Desiree was an 8 - year - old little girl who loved playing with dolls , she believed Alamo was a prophet .
But , she says , she still felt that what was happening was wrong .
" I just remember Tony bringing me into his room at one point .
He laid me on the bed , said the marriage vows , said ' I do , ' got a wedding ring , and after that , what actually made it final was , instead of a marriage license , you had sex , " Desiree says .
" I did n't know about sex .
I did n't know about any of that .
What kept going through my mind was : ' How can this be right ?
Is n't this wrong ? ' "
Despite what she'd been taught all her life , Nikki says she also felt that Alamo 's manipulation and teachings were wrong .
" I thought , ' If this is heaven and this is what 's going to get me to heaven , I 'm going to have to go to hell , ' " she says .
Nikki says that in 1999 , after she realized she would become Alamo 's next spiritual wife , she took action .
Although Alamo had taught her to fear the outside world , she found the courage inside herself to run .
Oprah.com : Island holds most dangerous child sex offenders
One afternoon , Nikki says she fled the compound .
She eluded Alamo 's security guards by running through thick brush for hours .
" He sent every person out to look up and down the highways , " Nikki says .
" They went through every store , every fast food place . "
After running for miles through the woods , Nikki was exhausted and terrified .
Finally , she spotted a house across a field and hurried to the front door .
Vince and Karen Coker , strangers who lived in the house , took a leap of faith and invited her to stay the night .
The Cokers offered Nikki a change of clothes , a warm bath and a bed to sleep in .
" I remember laying in the bed .
I felt a little bit safe , " Nikki says .
" I thought , ' Maybe , maybe they will really help me . ' "
Oprah
Show producers reached out to Alamo for a statement , but he never responded .
But Alamo 's church , which is still in business , sent a message .
This is part of it , verbatim .
" Tony Alamo has no secret world or child brides .
He is the least secret person in the world .
His church and he are open daily to the public , and he is very outspoken , as an open book .
Oprah and the government media and the Roman Catholics are in conspiracy against him and his whole church . "
From The Oprah Winfrey Show © 2010
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Quirky traditions dating back centuries were played out in parliament on Tuesday when MPs convened for the first time since an election that has produced a radically new political situation .
John Bercow ( C ) speaks to Prime Minister David Cameron as he is led to the Speaker 's Chair after being re-elected as Speaker of the House of Commons , May 18 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Parbul TV via Reuters TV
The Conservatives won most seats in the May 6 election , but fell short of an overall majority and had to enter a coalition with the Liberal Democrats -- the first multi-party government since World War Two .
The election ended 13 years of government by the Labour Party , and brought in 232 new members out of a total of 650 .
This was an unusually high turnover , due to an exodus of MPs tainted by a scandal over expense claims last year .
“ It really does look and feel different , ” said the new prime minister , Conservative David Cameron , addressing the Commons for the first time in his new role .
“ Indeed many of us are sitting next to people that we ’ve never sat next to before , ” he joked , referring to his deputy , the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg , who was next to Cameron on the bench reserved for members of the government .
Before the election , Cameron and Clegg sat on the other side of the symmetrical House , the one reserved for the opposition , but their two parties had separate areas on the green benches .
Whenever Clegg stood up back then , it was usually to attack Labour and the Conservatives , who had alternated in power since the War , as equally arrogant and unfit to lead Britain .
The scene could not have been more different on Tuesday as jovial Conservatives and Liberal Democrats rubbed shoulders on packed government benches , while Labour MPs had to cross over to the opposition benches for the first time since 1997 .
BLACK ROD
In accordance with tradition , the first act of the new House was to elect one of the members as Speaker .
The election followed a long - established script .
An official known as Black Rod entered the packed House brandishing his ornate rod , bowing to both sides and summoning members to make their way to the Lords .
Those sitting on the front benches then followed Black Rod to the Lords , a short distance away through the grandiose neo-Gothic Houses of Parliament , where they were told it was their duty to return to the Commons to elect a Speaker .
They duly returned .
Then , the Father of the House , the person who has been a member for longest -- in this case , since 1959 -- asked John Bercow , the Speaker from the previous parliament , if he wished to stay on in the role .
Bercow assented and was re-elected .
Then , he was physically dragged to the ornate Speaker ’s Chair by another legislator .
The dragging was not due to any reluctance on Bercow ’s part .
Rather , it is yet another tradition rooted in the distant past , when Speakers sometimes brought unwelcome messages from the monarch and were attacked by fellow legislators .
As a result , few wanted the job and they had to be dragged to the chair .
Public Meetings :
The Gulf oil crisis and the profit system
21 June 2010
Two months after the explosion of BP ’s Deepwater Horizon oil rig , which killed 11 workers , the world looks on in shock as the Gulf of Mexico is poisoned with millions of gallons of toxic oil .
Hundreds of thousands of jobs are affected .
Entire species may be wiped out , and untold damage inflicted on fragile ecosystems .
The long - term consequences are incalculable .
This disaster has deep roots in the structure of the American and world economy .
BP ’s cost - cutting and deliberate disregard of warning signs in the run-up to the explosion ; the government ’s abject failure to regulate the company ; the drive by both the Bush and Obama administrations to expand off - shore oil drilling despite environmental concerns — all of this paved the way for the events unfolding in the Gulf .
Now , the Obama administration — which intervened in 2009 to ensure that BP ’s drilling would go forward — has insisted that the company remain in charge of response operations , even as BP has systematically lied about the scope of the crisis , attempted to block independent reporting , and subordinated the response to its own profit interests .
The $ 20 billion escrow fund agreed by Obama and BP will not even begin to deal with the massive costs required for clean - up and recovery .
The Gulf oil spill has once again demonstrated the immense danger to the world ’s population from global capitalism , in which giant forces of production — and potentially destruction — are controlled in the interests of profit and private wealth accumulation .
These meetings will discuss the political and social origins of the crisis and explain the socialist response .
Additional meetings times will be announced as they are planned .
To request a meeting in your area , contact us .
Meeting details :
Ferndale , Michigan
Thursday , June 24 , 7:00 p.m .
Gerry Kulick Community Center
1201 Livernois
( 1/2 mile north of 8 Mile Road )
Map
Pasadena , California
Saturday , June 26 , 3:00 p.m .
The Neighborhood Unitarian Universalist Church of Pasadena
301 North Orange Grove Boulevard , Room 21
Map
Portland , Oregon
Tuesday , June 29 , 7:30 p.m .
Portland State University
Smith Memorial Union
1825 SW Broadway , Room 258
Map
New York , New York
Saturday , July 17 , 3:00 p.m .
University Settlement at the Houston Street Center
273 Bowery ( corner of Houston Street )
Classrooms 2&3
Manhattan
Map
I am reminded of the extraordinary gulf between economics as I see it and economics as at least some others see it when I read things like Narayana Kocherlakota 's opening paragrapb :
Modern Macroeconomic Models as Tools for Economic Policy : I believe that during the last financial crisis , macroeconomists ( and I include myself among them ) failed the country , and indeed the world .
In September 2008 , central bankers were in desperate need of a playbook that offered a systematic plan of attack to deal with fast - evolving circumstances .
Macroeconomics should have been able to provide that playbook .
It could not .
Of course , from a longer view , macroeconomists let policymakers down much earlier , because they did not provide policymakers with rules to avoid the circumstances that led to the global financial meltdown ...
My reaction to this is the old one : " Huh ? ! "
For " macroeconomics " did and does have a playbook that offered a systematic plan of attack to deal with fast - evolving circumstances .
The playbook was first drafted back in 1825 , during the bursting of Britain 's canal bubble .
Let me briefly set out what the macro playbook is , and how it has been developed by economists and policymakers over the past 185 years .
Start with Say 's or Walras 's Law : the circular flow principle that everybody 's expenditure is someone else 's income -- ands everyone 's income is somebody else 's expenditure .
It has to be that way : for every buyer there is a seller : and for every seller who is disappointed because they sell for less than their cost plus normal profit because of excess supply there must be another who is exuberant from selling at more than cost plus normal profit .
How , then , can you have a depression - - a " general glut , " a situation in which there is excess supply of not one or a few but all commodity goods and services ?
How can you have a situation in which workers laid off from shrinking industries where demand is less than was expected and thus less than supply are not rapidly hired into industries where demand is more than was expected and hence more than supply ?
Moral philosopher , libertarian , colonial bureaucrat , feminist , public intellectual , and economist John Stuart Mill put his finger on the answer in a piece he published in 1844 :
[ T] hose who have ... affirmed that there was an excess of all commodities , never pretended that money was one of these commodities ....
[ P]ersons in general , at that particular time , from a general expectation of being called upon to meet sudden demands , liked better to possess money than any other commodity .
Money , consequently , was in request , and all other commodities were in comparative disrepute .
In extreme cases , money is collected in masses , and hoarded ; in the milder cases , people merely defer parting with their money , or coming under any new engagements to part with it .
But the result is , that all commodities fall in price , or become unsaleable ...
Mill was thus explicitly refuting the older French economist Jean - Baptiste Say .
Say had been well - embarked on a career in politics and government in the new French Republic of the early 1790s 1990s : special assistant to Gironde Party Secretary of the Treasury Clavier .
But then Clavier fell : purged , arrested , imprisoned , and executed by Robespierre 's " Mountain " faction .
Somehow
Say escaped the wreck with not just his life but his liberty and some property as well , and set out to pursue happiness by withdrawing from politics to write treatises on economic theory .
In 1821 Say published his Letters to Mr. Malthus , in which he argued that the very idea of a " general glut " was self - contradictory , for the very fact that commodities had been produced meant that there was sufficient demand in aggregate to buy them :
[ W]e do not in reality buy the objects we consume , with the money or circulating coin which we pay for them .
We must in the first place have bought this money itself by the sale of productions of our own .... it is impossible ... to buy any articles whatever to a greater amount than that which they have produced ....
Thence follows ... that if certain goods remain unsold , it is because other goods are not produced ; and that it is production alone which opens markets .... [ W ] henever there is a glut , a superabundance , of several sorts of merchandize , it is because other articles are not produced in sufficient quantities to be exchanged for the former ... the superabundance of goods of one description arises from the deficiency of goods of another description .
Say was thus the first of a long line of economists to argue that the fact that something that appeared to exist in reality could not really be there because it was inconsistent with his theory .
In a normal microeconomic case of market adjustment -- excess supply of one good and excess demand for another -- it is clear how adjustment proceeds .
Those entrepreneurs making the good in excess supply find themselves selling for less than their costs and so losing money .
They cut back on the wages they pay and dismiss workers .
But this is not a tragedy , because the profits they have lost have gone into the pockets of entrepreneurs in expanding industries , who are eager to expand production , raise wages , and hire more workers .
After a short time the structure of production is better - suited to make what people want , and wages and profits in total are higher than if the structure of production had remained frozen in its old pattern .
But what if there is a general glut of commodities ?
What if the excess supply is for pretty much all goods and services , and the excess demand is for liquid cash or for safe investments that will not lose their value no matter what ?
How do you expand labor employed in the liquid cash - creating or in the AAA asset - creating businesses to make more of such assets ?
One possibility is to rely on the private sector , saying : risky assets are at a discount and safe assets a premium ?
Good !
Make the profits from creating safe assets large enough , and Goldman Sachs and company will find a way .
They will raise some capital willing to run large risks for large returns .
They will hire people to shuffle the papers .
They will finance enterprises , and then slice and dice the cash flows from those enterprises in order to create lots of AAA - rated securities .
And when they do , the excess demand for safe assets will be satisfied , and that will by Walras 's Law erase the excess supply of goods and services , and unemployment will return to normal .
Oh .
You say nobody trusts Goldman Sachs or Standard and Poor 's when they say : " we know we lied last time when we warranted that the assets we were selling were AAA , but this time for sure !! " ?
Well , how about investing abroad ?
There are still lots of AAA assets out there in the wider world .
Suppose everybody devalues , puts people to work in newly - competitive export industries , and thus runs an export surplus and , in exchange , imports AAA assets from abroad for our savers and investors to hold .
Oh .
I see .
Everybody can't devalue at once .
Greece can run an export surplus only if Germany is willing to run an import surplus .
The United States can boost its net exports only if China shrinks its own .
Maybe we could ship millions of our citizens to South Africa equipped with picks and shovels and put them to work as gastarbeiteren mining the gold of the Witwatersrand ?
I know !
Let 's cut the price of every good and service by 25 % !
then our same stock of nominal AAA assets will meet a 33 % larger demand for real AAA assets , and there will be no excess demand for safe assets , and thus no excess supply of goods and services !
The problem with this " solution " is that " money " is not just a medium of exchange and a store of value , it is also a unit of account .
Suppose that a 33 % increase in the real supply of genuine AAA assets would fix the problem , and suppose we do succeed in cutting all goods and services prices and wages by 25 % .
Have we then fixed the problem ?
No .
A lot of people have debts denominated in money and were counting on selling their goods and their labor at something like their previous prices to pay off their mortgages , their loans , and their bonds .
A whole bunch of assets that were AAA before the decline in the price level are no longer AAA .
You have n't fixed the imbalance .
Each nominal AAA asset does indeed satisfy a larger slice of demand for real AAA assets as a result of the price - level decline .
But the price level decline has shrunk the ( nominal ) supply of AAA assets just as it has shrunk the ( nominal ) demand for them .
And how have you managed to reduce nominal wages and prices ?
By years if not decades of idle capacity and high unemployment .
Oh .
So now -- drumroll - - it is time to pull the rabbit out of the hat .
The solution is ... the government !
The government has the power to tax !
And so the government can make AAA assets when nobody else can !
Or the government can until and unless the assets that it has created for others to hold -- which are its debts -- rise to the point where people begin to get nervous about whether the government 's taxing power will actually be deployed in the end to repay those debts -- and we in the United States are still very far from that point ( although we in Greece are not ) .
The first and easiest way for the government to create more safe assets is for the central bank to create them by buying up risky assets for safe ones via open - market operations or lending cash and taking other , riskier assets as its sole security .
As Walter Bagehot wrote about the Panic of 1825 :
The way in which the panic of 1825 was stopped by advancing money has been described in so broad and graphic a way that the passage has become classical .
' We lent it , ' said Mr. Harman ... [ one of the Directors ] of the Bank of England : by every possible means and in modes we had never adopted before ; we took in stock on security , we purchased Exchequer bills , we made advances on Exchequer bills , we not only discounted outright , but we made advances on the deposit of bills of exchange to an immense amount , in short , by every possible means consistent with the safety of the Bank , and we were not on some occasions over - nice .
Seeing the dreadful state in which the public were , we rendered every assistance in our power ...
Since the fall of 2007 the central banks and the Treasuries of the world have been following this playbook .
They have expanded the supply of safe assets via open - market operations , pumping out cash for the private sector to hold and in return accepting duration and interest - rate risk .
They have topped up bank capital .
They have guaranteed private - sector loans .
They have swapped in risky private - sector debt in exchange for government bonds .
They have -- via expansionary fiscal policy -- printed up huge honking additional tranches of government bonds and used the money raised to pull forward government spending and push back taxes .
Now it may be that we are creeping up on the point at which government debts are rising to the limits of politically - limited debt capacity .
But that does not mean that the playbook comes to an end .
Indeed , Ricardo Caballero is writing a new chapter about how even now governments can go on :
expanding the real supply of AAA assets .... [ So far ] governments in safe - asset - producing countries [ have ] produce [ d ] a lot more of them ....
[ We could also ] let the private sector create the AAA assets ... [ with ] governments ... absorb[ing ] ... risk the private sector cannot handle ... extreme systemic events ... compounded by panic .
Currently the focus ( implicitly ) is [ still ] on the former strategy .
Indeed , funding fiscal deficits is very inexpensive these days … as long as one remains within the safe - asset - producer category .
However ... at some point it will make sense to decouple fiscal deficits from asset production ....
The US Treasury ... [ could ] start buying riskier private assets rather than running fiscal deficits as the counterpart for its supply of Treasuries to the market .... [ A ] sounder medium - term strategy than the purely public approach ... [ is to use ] the securitisation industry .....
The private sector is much more efficient than the government in producing micro-AAA assets , but the opposite is true for macro- AAA asset production .... [ I ] f the government only provides an explicit insurance against systemic events to the micro-AAA assets produced by the private sector , we could have a significant expansion in the supply of safe assets without the corresponding expansion of public debt ...
by formalizing and making explicit what Charles Kindleberger always called their commitment to act as lender of last resort when systemic risk came calling .
The playbook is old and well - established , and has been put to effective use .
That Narayana Kocherlakota and company did not know it existed -- that he and his circle had never studied Kindleberger and Minsky , let alone Fisher and agehot and Mill , and knew Keynes and Hicks only as straw men to be ritually denounced as sources of error rather than smart people to be listened to -- will doubtless appear to future generations as an interesting episode in the history of political economy .
But nobody should confuse the failure of Kocherlakota 's branch of macroeconomics with the failure of macroeconomics in general .
June 1 , 2010 -- Emergency rally in Sydney to protest Israeli commando assault on Gaza aid flotilla , attended by 4000 people .
Photos by Darrian Perry for Green Left Weekly .
Statements by International Solidarity Movement ( Palestine ) , Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine , Fatah ( Palestine ) , Socialist Alliance ( Australia ) , Labour Party Pakistan , Socialist Party of Malaysia , People 's Democratic Party ( Indonesia ) , Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Philippines ) , Working People 's Association ( PRP ) ( Indonesia ) , Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation , Coalition for a Free Palestine ( South Africa ) , Congress of South African Trade Unions , South African Communist Party , Socialist Party USA , Fourth International , Sinn Fein ( Ireland ) ( check back for more ) .
* * *
Call from Gaza for global response to killings on the freedom flotilla
Gaza , Palestine
May 31 , 2010 --
We Gaza - based Palestinian Civil Society Organisations and international activists call on the international community and civil society to pressure their governments and Israel to cease the abductions and killings in Israel ’s attacks against the Gaza Freedom Flotilla sailing for Gaza , and begin a global response to hold Israel accountable for the murder of foreign civilians at sea and illegal piracy of civilian vessels carrying humanitarian aid for Gaza .
We salute the courage of all those who have organised this aid intervention and demand a safe passage through to Gaza for the 750 people of conscience from 40 different countries including 35 international politicians intent on breaking the Israeli - Egyptian blockade .
We offer our sincerest condolences to family and friends who have lost loved ones in the attack .
By sailing directly to Gaza , outside of Israeli waters , with cargo banned illegally by Israel , such as the 10,000 tonnes of badly needed concrete , toys , workbooks , chocolate , pasta and substantial medical supplies , the flotilla is exercising international law and upholding article 33 of the Geneva Convention which clearly states that collective punishment is a crime against humanity .
The hardships of Israel 's closure of Gaza have been well documented by all human rights groups operating , most recently by Amnesty International in their Annual Human Rights Report concluding that the siege has " deepened the ongoing humanitarian crisis .
Mass unemployment , extreme poverty , food insecurity and food price rises caused by shortages left four out of five Gazans dependent on humanitarian aid .
The scope of the blockade and statements made by Israeli officials about its purpose showed that it was being imposed as a form of collective punishment of Gazans , a flagrant violation of international law . "
The United Nations continuously states that only a fraction of the required aid is entering the Gaza Strip due to what it calls " the medieval siege " , with John Ging the director of UNRWA in Gaza specifically expressing the need for the Flotilla to enter Gaza .
The European Union ’s new foreign affairs minister Catherine Ashton has just reiterated its call for “ an immediate , sustained and unconditional opening of crossings for the flow of humanitarian aid , commercial goods and persons to and from Gaza ” .
The people of Gaza are not dependent people , but self - sufficient people doing what they can to retain some dignity in life in the wake of this colossal man-made devastation that deprives so many of a basic start in life or minimal aspirations for the future .
We , from Gaza , call on you to demonstrate and support the courageous men and women on the Flotilla and join the , many now murdered on a humanitarian aid mission .
We insist on severance of diplomatic ties with Israel , trials for war crimes and the international protection of the civilians of Gaza .
We call on you to join the growing international boycott , divestment and sanction campaign of a country proving again to be so violent and yet so unchallenged .
Join the growing critical mass around the world with a commitment to the day when Palestinians are entitled to the same rights as any other people , when the siege is lifted , the occupation is over and the 6 million Palestinian refugees are finally granted justice .
Dr Haidar Eid : One Democratic Sate Group and University Teachers ' Association
Dr Mona El Farra : Middle East Children 's Alliance , Gaza 00.972(0)598.868.222
Adie Mormech : International Solidarity Movement 00.972(0)597.717.696
Max Ajl : Gaza Freedom March 00.972(0)597.750.798
Signatory organisations :
The One Democratic State Group
University Teachers Association
Arab Cultural Forum
Palestinian Students ’ Campaign for the Academic Boycott of Israel
Association of Al - Quds Bank for Culture and Info
Popular Committee against the Wall and Settlements
International Solidarity Movement
Palestinian Network of Non-Governmental Organisations
Palestinian Women Committees
Progressive Students Union
Medical Relief Society
The General Society for Rehabilitation
Gaza Community Mental Health Program
General Union of Palestinian Women
Afaq Jadeeda Cultural Centre for Women and Children
Deir Al - Balah Cultural Centre for Women and Children
Maghazi Cultural Centre for Children
Al - Sahel Centre for Women and Youth
Ghassan Kanfani Kindergartens
Rachel Corrie Centre , Rafah
Rafah Olympia City Sisters
Al Awda Centre , Rafah
Al Awda Hospital , Jabaliya Camp
Ajyal Association , Gaza
General Union of Palestinian Syndicates
Al Karmel Centre , Nuseirat
Local Inititiative , Beit Hanoun
Union of Health Work Committees
Red Crescent Society Gaza Strip
Beit Lahiya Cultural Centre
Al Awda Centre , Rafah
[ The International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) is a Palestinian - led non-violent resistance movement committed to ending Israel 's illegal occupation of Palestinian land .
We call for full compliance with all relevant UN resolutions and international law .
For specific media inquires such as interview requests , photo usage , etc. please email the ISM Media Office at media@palsolidarity.org . ]
PFLP condemns the murderous crimes of the Israeli pirates and salutes the heroes of the Freedom Flotilla
June 1 , 2010 --
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine condemns the latest Israeli massacre on the high seas , in international waters , the brutal assault on the international Freedom Flotilla to Gaza on May 31 , 2010 .
The Israeli state terror pirates , said the Front , attacked the humanitarian aid and international solidarity ships with firearms and commandos ; the Front said that this is the latest crime against humanity committed by the occupation state , illustrating its blatant disregard for international law .
The Front saluted all of the members of the Freedom Flotilla , particularly the martyrs and wounded , saying that these are martyrs of the Palestinian people and the Palestinian cause , and of the struggle of people everywhere for liberation , justice and freedom , and will be immortal in our struggle , and that the Flotilla 's prisoners are with the prisoners of our Palestinian Arab nation , prisoners of freedom in the hands of a terror occupation state .
It called upon the Palstinian movement in Palestine and in exile and all progressive forces around the world to continue and escalate their actions at Israeli embassies and consulates around the world , including emulating the example of the Turkish people in occupying the Israeli embassy in Anakara , and demanded an immediate end to any so - called indirect or direct negotiations with the murderous regime .
The Front demanded that all Arab nations end their relations with the occupation state and cut off diplomatic ties , demanding serious international action at an official level to bring the criminal leaders of the occupation state to justice in international courts and severely punish them for their crimes .
Furthermore , the Front said that the United States government and all silent and complicit governments bear responsibility for this latest crime as well as all of the ongoing crimes of this occupation state against the Palestinian Arab people .
The Front pledged to hold fast to the examples of these activists , the latest martyrs of the great struggle of people for liberation and return and for justice in the face of an occupier and invader .
They shall live on , the PFLP pledged , in the determination and resistance of the Palestinian people to see justice and freedom and end the crimes of the terror state .
Fatah :
An act of piracy and a crime against humanity
By the Fatah Foreign Relations Commission May 31 , 2010 -- The Israeli attack against the Gaza Freedom Fleet is piracy and a crime against humanity .
At a time when the recent Israeli war crimes against Gaza remains fresh in our memory , Israeli occupation warships attacked today the Freedom Fleet , a flotilla of aid boats manned by dozens of international peace activists , parliamentarians and journalists .
Israeli occupation forces assaulted the fleet while the ships were still in international waters , attempting to reach the Gaza shores to deliver desperately needed humanitarian supplies to the population .
This aggression has resulted in the killing and injury of dozens of activists aboard these boats .
The Fateh Foreign Relations Commission condemns this heinous crime in the strongest possible way .
The Freedom Fleet was more than 90 nautical miles from the coast of Gaza , well in international waters , when it came under attack from Israeli warships .
These illegal Israeli actions are an explicit act of piracy under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
They are also a continuation to persistent Israeli belligerence and impunity and expose the fallacy of Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip .
It has been nearly four years since Israel , the occupying power , began its illegal , immoral and inhumane blockade on the Gaza Strip ; a blockade that has brought Gaza 's economy to a grinding halt and plummeted the socioeconomic living standards of 1.7 million Palestinian civilians .
The suffering of the civilian population was further deepened by the brutal , merciless military aggression waged on Gaza by the Israeli occupation .
The international community must act ; it cannot remain on the sidelines as Israel continues to flagrantly and blatantly breach international law while innocent lives are lost and the principles of international law are violated .
The unfortunate international inaction and silence has emboldened the occupying power to escalate its impunity over time .
It is therefore imperative that Israel be compelled , first and foremost , to immediately and completely lift its siege on the Gaza Strip to allow for the movement of persons and goods in order to end the isolation and humanitarian suffering of the Palestinian civilian population .
Furthermore the safe release of the courageous civilian solidarity activists , who were abducted at sea , must be secured .
Under international conventions in force , states are obliged to extend their full cooperation to suppress piracy on the high seas or anywhere outside the jurisdiction of any state .
As such , we call on all law - abiding states to assume their responsibility in this regard and ensure that the principle of piracy and violence , which Israel has adopted as policy , is combated and confronted .
It is high time that the international community undertake its collective duty to exert the necessary , serious efforts to redress the illegal situation in the occupied Palestinian Territory and bring an end to Israel ’s illegal policies and practices .
There is no legal , political , moral or human justification for the inhumane policies that Israel is carrying out against the Palestinian people , especially in the Gaza Strip .
Peace can never be realised as long as Israel continues to defy the law and remains an unwilling partner in the peace process .
The international community therefore must cease its appeasement of such behaviour by Israel and must shoulder its responsibilities to bring about a change of course that will undoubtedly contribute to the realisation of the two - state solution for peace .
Socialist Alliance : Australian government must break ties with murderous Israel
By the Socialist Alliance ( Australia ) statement
May 31 , 2010 -- Socialist Alliance condemns the completely unwarranted and murderous attack by Israel on the civilian Flotilla carrying aid to Gaza .
Media reports on May 31 say that between 16 - 20 people may have been killed and more than 30 injured after hundreds of masked Israeli commandos stormed the six vessels of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla in international waters off the coast of Gaza .
Al Jazeera reported that the ships are being towed by Israeli warships to the port of Haifa , instead of Ashdod , where dozens of journalists were awaiting the Flotilla 's arrival .
Protests erupted in Turkey and Gaza immediately , and are being organised around Australia for June 1 .
It is not yet clear who from among the hundreds of activists on board the flotilla of ships , many of which were Turkish , has been killed .
Two Australians , among them well - known Sydney Morning Herald journalist Paul McGeough , were on board the flotilla .
Their whereabouts is not known .
Not since the French secret service blew up the Rainbow Warrior in Auckland Harbour in 1985 has there been such a brazen act of international piracy by a sovereign state .
Governments all around the world have condemned the criminal actions of Somali pirates in international waters off the Horn of Africa , and have even sent naval armadas to confront those pirates .
The international community must now unreservedly condemn this criminal act of piracy on the high seas , and immediately send an international naval armada to restrain the barbaric actions of the Israeli navy .
We demand the Australian Labor government immediately condemn the killings of unarmed civilians , break off diplomatic relations with Israel and demand that the flotilla is allowed to land unimpeded , and the aid delivered to the people of Gaza .
Most of the 1.5 million Palestinians living in Gaza rely on aid – which has been blocked by Israel and Egypt .
The government of Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd must demand that the siege of Gaza , imposed in 2007 , be lifted immediately and that Israel recognise the democratically elected government of Gaza .
Israel has once again violated international law and must be bought to justice for these and other war crimes .
Huge protests have broken out in Turkey and the Israeli embassy there has been stormed .
There are emergency protests being organised around the world .
Sydney : Tuesday , June 1 , 5.30 pm , Town Hall , organised by Coalition for Justice and Peace in Palestine .
Melbourne : Tuesday , June 1 , 4.30 pm , State Library .
Perth : Tuesday , June 1 , 5 pm , Wesley Church , cnr William & Hay Sts , Perth .
Organised by Friends of Palestine .
Brisbane : Tuesday , June 1 , 5 - 7 pm , Brisbane Sq , Cnr Queen and George Sts .
Adelaide : Details coming soon - keep checking back here !
Canberra : Tuesday , June 1 , 5 pm , outside Israeli embassy , 6 Turrana St , Yarralumla .
Plus a rally in Garema Place on Thursday , June 3 , 4 pm ( organised by Australians for Justice and Peace in Palestine ) .
http://www.socialist-alliance.org
Labour Party Pakistan : Condemn Israel ’s attack on humanitarian aid to Gaza
June 1 , 2010 --
The Labour Party Pakistan strongly condemns the attack of Israeli commandos on a convoy of ships carrying aid to the Gaza Strip .
The murderous attack has brutally killed up to 20 people and wounded more than 30 people .
The six - ship flotilla , carrying 10,000 tonnes of humanitarian aid , was an attempt by activists mainly from Turkey including Pakistan to defy a blockade imposed by Israel on Gaza since Hamas took power in Palestine in 2007 .
The blockade by Israel has apparently turned Gaza into the largest concentration camp in the world , with most of the 1.5 million Palestinians living there denied access to the most basic needs such as food , water and medicine .
This is not the first time the US - backed Zionist regime of Israel has committed such atrocities .
From December 2008 to January 2009 , the Israeli armed force committed a massacre which killed more than 1400 people and wounded over 5300 people in Gaza over 3 weeks .
The attack on humanitarian aid to Gaza has again revealed the true nature of the Zionist Israeli state –- a racist state founded on the mass expulsion of the Palestinians .
The genocidal regime of Israel has been supported by imperialist powers like US and its allies .
These imperialist powers are continuing to provide financial support and weapons supply to Israel in order to carry on its siege on Gaza .
The LPP demands that :
Israel immediately end the siege of Gaza , and allow all humanitarian aid to enter the Gaza Strip .
Governments all over the world have to condemn the killing of unarmed civilians by Israeli troops and bring Israel to justice for its war crimes .
US and its allies stop all military aid to Israel and impose an arms embargo against Israel .
LPP demands the immediate recovery of Talat Hussain and the two other activists , there is no news about the three .
The LPP extends its solidarity with the people of Palestine as well as people who support the Palestinians ’ struggle for justice .
A lasting peace in the Middle East will only prevail if justice is upheld for the Palestinian people and imperialism is defeated .
We also endorse the following statement of the campaign Pakistanis For Palestine :
Pakistanis for Palestine condemns Israel ’s attack on the International Freedom Flotilla
Press Statement
Pakistanis for Palestine condemns the naked aggression of the Israeli Defense Forces against the international “ Freedom Flotilla ” , the convoy of ships attempting to carry humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip that has been unilaterally blockaded by Israel since June 2007 .
The ships were in international waters , about 150 km off the coast of Gaza , where Israel has no jurisdiction .
Current death toll : 20 , Injured : more than 60
We demand :
1 . That the United Nations include the Israeli Defense Forces in its list of terrorist organisations and put Israel on the list of states that officially sponsor terrorism ;
2 . That “ the international community ” end its hypocritical attitude towards Israel and authorise international news media to report objectively on acts of Israeli aggression ; and
3 . That Pakistan should use its status as the most important non-NATO ally of the US to pressure it to punish Israel for this gross violation of international humanitarian law
It is time for people of conscience all over the world to demand the end of the apartheid regime in Israel , the last colonial state in this post - colonial world , and to join the worldwide movement for the Boycott of Sanctions on and Divergent from all organisations and entities that support the racist ideology of Zionism .
For more information on the BDS campaign , see : http://bdsmovement.net/.
We subscribe to the three principles laid out in the Palestinian call for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel that calls on Israel to :
1 . End its occupation and colonisation of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall ;
2. Recognise the fundamental rights of the Arab - Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality ; and
3. Respect , protect and promote the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194 .
We call on all Pakistanis who support the principles listed above to join the campaign .
Please contact us at :
Email address : PakistanisForPalestine@gmail.com
PSM : Condemnation of Israel ’s attack on humanitarian aid to Gaza
By the Socialist Party of Malaysia
May 31 , 2010 -- The Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) strongly condemns the attack by Israeli commandos on a convoy of ships carrying aid to the Gaza Strip .
The murderous attack has brutally killed up to 10 people and wounded more than 30 people .
The six - ship flotilla , carrying 10 , 000 tonnes of humanitarian aid , was an attempt by activists mainly from Turkey to defy a blockade imposed by Israel on Gaza since Hamas took power in Palestine in 2007 .
The blockade by Israel has apparently turned Gaza into the largest concentration camp in the world , with most of the 1.5 million Palestinians living there denied access to the most basic needs such as food , water and medicine .
This is not the first time the US - backed Zionist regime of Israel has commited such atrocities .
From December 2008 to January 2009 , the Israeli armed force committed a massacre which killed more than 1400 people and wounded over 5300 people in Gaza over three weeks .
The attack on humanitarian aid to Gaza has again revealed the true nature of the Zionist Israeli state – a racist state founded on the mass expulsion of the Palestinians .
The genocidal regime of Israel has been supported by imperialist powers like US and its allies .
These imperialist powers are continuing to provide financial support and weapons supply to Israel in order to carry on its siege on Gaza .
The PSM demands that :
Israel immediately end the siege of Gaza , and allow all humanitarian aid to enter the Gaza Strip .
Governments all over the world condemn the killing of unarmed civilians by Israeli troops and bring Israel to justice for its war crimes .
The US and its allies stop all military aid to Israel and impose an arms embargo against Israel .
The PSM extends its solidarity with the people of Palestine as well as people who support the Palestinians ’ struggle for justice .
A lasting peace in the Middle East will only prevail if justice is upheld for the Palestinian people and imperialism is defeated .
Released by Choo Chon Kai , International Bureau , Socialist Party of Malaysia / Parti Sosialis Malaysia ( PSM ) .
Visit our website at : http://parti-sosialis.org/.
People 's Democratic Party ( Indonesia ) condemns Israel 's military attack on humanitarian workers
Central Executive Committee , Democratic People 's Party ( KPP - PRD ) , Jakarta
June 1 , 2010 -- The People 's Democratic Party ( PRD ) strongly condemns [ yesterday's ]
Israeli military action against volunteers delivering aid to the Gaza Strip .
As a result of its dishonourable action , at least 19 people have been declared dead and 50 others injured .
Humanitarian volunteers from various countries , approximately 700 activists , were sailing and transporting 10,000 tonnes of humanitarian aid to the people in the Gaza Strip , because this area , owned by Palestinians , has been blockaded by the Israeli military .
This cannot be tolerated , whatever the claims of Israeli defence officials .
Moreover , the Israeli military has a track record of repeated crimes against the Palestinian and international civil society .
We are also aware that the political policies of Israel share the interests of global imperialism commanded by the United States of America .
Israel has long been disrupting world peace , because it does not accept the political sovereignty of the Palestinian people .
The US itself , which has not reacted strongly against today 's crime , has become an important ally of Israeli war machine in the Middle East .
Note that , every year , the US gives US $ 4 billion in aid to strengthen the capacity of the Israeli military .
That means , that the US has been a proponent of Israel 's aggressive wars and other crimes .
We demand there should be no more casualties in this incident .
As a follow up , we ask the UN to immediately intervene to stop the evil actions of the Israeli military .
We also demand that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , and senior Israeli military officials , should be tried in an international human rights court .
These are the main points of our stance :
1. Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono must issue an official statement condemning Israeli military action against human volunteers .
2 . Israel must immediately stop the action of blockade and withdraw its troops from the Gaza Strip , as well as begin to appreciate the sovereignty of the Palestinian people .
3 . The UN Security Council should immediately hold an emergency session and consider the weight to Israeli sanctions .
4 . The US should immediately stop military aid to Israel and implement an arms embargo on Israel .
5 . We call upon all in the international community to go to Israel 's embassies and consulates to protest Israel 's latest crime .
[ Translation by Peter Boyle . ]
Lift the blockade on Gaza now !
An arms embargo on Israel !
Philippines must break diplomatic relations with Israel !
By the Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Power of the Labouring Masses Party , Philippines )
We strongly condemn the Israeli massacre ( 19 dead according to latest reports ) and attack on unarmed civilians on the Peace flotilla in solidarity with the Palestinian people and against the blockade of Gaza .
We join the expressions of outrage of protesters from around the world who have taken to the streets condemning the Israeli terrorist attacks .
These terror tactics used by Israel are an example of the far worse treatment that the Palestinian people living under Israeli occupation are forced to suffer every day .
We also specifically call on the Philippine government to take a principled and moral stance on the basis of human rights and break all diplomatic relations with Israel .
Such a stance , although from a minor player such as the Philippines , will nevertheless send a strong message to governments around the world and will be testimony to our willingness to assert an independent foreign policy position , especially one different from the US .
We demand that :
Israel immediately release the political prisoners from the Peace flotilla that it now holds in its jails !
Lift the blockade against the people of Gaza !
An arms embargo against Israel , now !
The imperialist governments , especially the US and Britain which militarily back Israel , stop the sale of military weapons to Israel !
The Philippine government , including the government of incoming President Noynoy Aquino , must immediately cut all diplomatic relations with Israel !
ASEAN , currently chaired by Vietnam , strongly condemn Israel 's terrorist actions !
We call on ASEAN to break diplomatic relations with Israel !
Working People 's Association ( PRP ) : Stop the violence !
Fight Zionism and imperialism !
June 1 , 2010 -- The Working People Association of Indonesia condemns the Zionist Israel brutal attack on the humanitarian aid activists , known as Freedom Flotilla .
The humanitarian aid was composed of six ships which were carrying 10,000 tonnes of aid .
The plan was to bring the aid to Gaza , which has been blockaded since 2007 by Zionist Israel .
The blockade has caused misery to the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza .
On those ships were also dozens of journalists , and volunteers from Indonesia .
The raid itself has caused dozens of people to die and tens of others injured .
Israel has also put in prison other volunteers .
This crime against humanity is one of many crimes which have been perpetrated by the Zionist Israel , which Israel has n't yet been held responsible .
This is also because of the support from the US ruling regime , even from Obama who recently received Nobel Peace Prize .
This support is clearly seen from US veto against all UN Security Council resolutions that disadvantage Israel , and how easily Israel can break all resolutions of the UN Security Council .
The US has also provided $ 3 billion support every year since 1985 , excluding billions of dollars of military aid which the US provides every year .
Meanwhile , Indonesia 's SBY - Budiono regime is not any different as it readily accepts military aid from the US .
This includes the latest plan , when Obama visits Indonesia , to reactivate military cooperation between US military and Kopassus ( Indonesia 's Special Force Command ) .
No matter how brutal the repression which has befallen the people of Palestine , there has never been a stern measure from the SBY - Budiono regime against the Israel and US governments .
The SBY - Budiono regime is more concerned about building image through statements of principle , but they never use its political power to genuinely help the liberation of the Palestinian people .
That is why the Working People Association demands :
Stop the blockade against the people of Palestine in Gaza .
Free all the volunteers and journalists who are in the Freedom Flotilla fleet .
Obama to stop military and diplomatic support given by the US to the Zionist Israel .
SBY - Budiono demand the UN bring Zionist Israel to the International Human Rights Tribunal for crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Support and call for the building of international solidarity to fight against Zionist Israel and US imperialist regime .
The Working People Association sends its solidarity to the people of Palestine , and also reaffirms our commitment to build an international solidarity and support the genuine independence of the people of Palestine .
Socialism , the true liberation for working people !
Socialism , the solution for the global crisis of capitalism !
Unite , build the working - class party !
Signed :
Central Committee , Working People Association , National chairperson , Anwar Ma'ruf , General secretary , Rendro Prayogo
CPI ( ML ) Liberation : Condemn Israel 's terrorism against aid workers !
Demand international sanctions on Israel Immediate end to India - Israel arms deals
By the Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
June 2 , 2010 --
In flagrant violation of all international laws , Israeli commandos attacked a flotilla of aid carrying ships , firing at and killing over 19 unarmed peace activists , leaving dozens others injured .
The CPI ( ML ) condemns this blatant act of war crime and a crime against humanity in no uncertain terms .
The ships were part of a peaceful humanitarian response by citizens from 50 countries against the continuation of a three - year old unlawful siege which has resulted in great physical and mental distress to the 1.5 million people entrapped within Gaza .
The Israeli government and its propaganda machinery have predictably sought to show the attack as an act of self - defence , with the Israel 's PM , Binyamin Netanyahu , giving his “ full backing ” to the Israeli Defence Forces after the raid , and the Defense Minister Ehud Barak blaming the Flotilla organisers for inciting the attack .
Outdoing the two , Deputy Defence Minister Danny Alalon said that the activists aboard the ship were linked to international terrorist organisations and were trying to smuggle in arms , claiming shamelessly that weapons were found on board .
Video footage of the assault clearly shows that the Israeli commandos dropped from a helicopter onto the Turkish passenger ship , Mavi Marmara , and began to shoot the moment they landed on the deck at peaceful civilians without provocation .
In short , it was premeditated slaughter in cold blood .
The Israeli actions have prompted an avalanche of protests the world over calling for international sanctions and isolation of Israel , with several European countries summoning their Israeli ambassadors for explanation .
Closer home , India 's Ministry of External Affairs has issued an insipid condemnation while choosing to be conveniently silent on the increasing strategic and military intimacy between India and Israel .
The words of condemnation will remain hollow and ritualistic until all arms deals with Israel are scrapped .
Since 2008 , Israel has gained the status of India 's top defence supplier .
While these deals , secured in utmost secrecy , remain mired in corruption allegations , the moot issue is that through these deals India actually subsidises Israel ’s massive war economy and in fact contributes to the killings of Palestinians .
The CPI ( ML ) stands in solidarity with the demand for international sanctions against the state of Israel and demands for an immediate lifting of the blockade in Gaza .
The CPI ( ML ) calls for an urgent scrapping of India ’s military and strategic ties with Isreal .
The CPI ( ML ) appeals all to protest against this blatant act of war crime and a crime against humanity .
South African civil society outraged at Israeli massacre
Issued by the Coalition for a Free Palestine ( South Africa )
May 31 , 2010 --
The under - mentioned civil society organisations , including the Palestine solidarity movement in South Africa and the Congress of South African Trade Unions , are outraged by the massacre committed by Israeli forces this morning , in flagrant violation of international maritime law .
At 04:30 this morning , in international waters , Israeli navy commandos invaded an international humanitarian aid boat , Mavi Marmara , which was part of an aid flotilla travelling to the Gaza Strip .
The troops killed at least 19 civilians of the aid convoy and injured dozens more .
The attack was a direct violation of international law and reflects the Israelis ’ arrogant and flagrant disregard for law and human rights .
The convoy of ships was carrying 750 people from 40 different countries including 35 international politicians , members of parliament , former diplomats , human rights activists , aid workers and journalists and was destined for the Gaza port of Rafah later this afternoon .
The flotilla carried essential aid material , such as medication , construction material , toys , workbooks , chocolate and pasta to Gaza .
The entry of all these materials into Gaza has been banned by Israel .
It is widely accepted that Israel 's imposition of the now four year long siege on the Gaza strip is a crime against humanity .
This view is supported by the recent UN Report by South African Judge , Richard Goldstone .
According to the UN , Israel ’s Operation Cast Lead in January 2009 damaged or destroyed at least 11,000 houses , 105 factories , 20 hospitals and clinics , and 159 schools , universities , play schools and technical institutions .
Further , 1,400 people were killed , some 51,800 were displaced , and 20,000 remain homeless to this day because Israel will not allow construction material into the besieged territory .
By sailing directly to Gaza , outside of Israeli waters , the flotilla was attempting to break the siege which is in violation of Article 33 of the Geneva Convention which clearly states that collective punishment is a crime against humanity .
South Africans will from today be joining the call to demonstrate support for the courageous women and men on the flotilla and to mourn the loss of those murdered on their humanitarian aid mission .
We demand that , until Israel acts in accordance with international law , releases all political prisoners , and lifts the siege on Gaza , the South African government :
immediately recalls the South African ambassador to Tel Aviv ;
expel the Israeli ambassador back to Israel ;
sever all diplomatic relations with Israel ; and
support the international campaign of boycotts , divestment and sanctions against the apartheid Israel state .
This statement is supported by :
Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU )
South African Municipal Workers Union ( SAMWU )
Palestine Solidarity Committee
Palestine Solidarity Group
Palestine Solidarity Alliance
Muslim Judicial Council
Muslim Youth Movement
COSATU condemns Israeli state piracy
May 31 , 2010 -- The Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) is outraged at the murder by Israeli commandos ' of at least 20 people -- and injuries to a further 60 -- as a result of their armed attack on a convoy of ships carrying aid to the people of Gaza last night .
COSATU sends its condolences to the families and friends of those who lost their lives and calls upon the people of the world to condemn this act of Israeli state - sponsored piracy .
The six - ship flotilla , with 750 Palestine solidarity activists from around the world on board and carrying 10,000 tonnes of aid for the people of Gaza , left Cyprus on Sunday and had been due to arrive in Gaza today .
Then , when it was about 64 km out to sea , in international waters , Israeli armed forces boarded the largest vessel and fought with those on board .
The activists say Israeli troops came on board shooting .
Israel is now reported to be towing the boats to the port of Ashdod and says it will deport the passengers from there .
The ships were bringing the people of Gaza 10,000 tonnes of badly needed concrete , toys , workbooks , chocolate , pasta and substantial medical supplies .
It was acting in accordance with international law .
COSATU fully supports the call on the international community to pressure their governments to condemn this brutal deed and hold Israel accountable for the murder of foreign civilians at sea and illegal piracy of civilian vessels carrying humanitarian aid .
The federation welcomes the decision by the government of Spain and Sweden to withdraw their ambassadors from Israel and calls upon the South African government to follow their lead .
The flotilla was an international response to the plight of the people of Gaza , following Israel 's closure of the border .
Amnesty International in their Annual Human Rights Report concluded that the siege has " deepened the ongoing humanitarian crisis .
Mass unemployment , extreme poverty , food insecurity and food price rises caused by shortages left four out of five Gazans dependent on humanitarian aid .
The scope of the blockade and statements made by Israeli officials about its purpose showed that it was being imposed as a form of collective punishment of Gazans , a flagrant violation of international law . "
The United Nations has continuously stated that only a fraction of the required aid is entering Gaza due to what it calls " the medieval siege " .
John Ging , the director of UNRWA in Gaza , has specifically expressed the need for the flotilla to enter Gaza .
The European Union 's new foreign affairs minister , Catherine Ashton , has just reiterated its call for , " an immediate , sustained and unconditional opening of crossings for the flow of humanitarian aid , commercial goods and persons to and from Gaza " .
COSATU also calls for greater support for the international boycott , divestment and sanction campaign against Israel , which is proving again to be violent and ruthless in attacking and murdering those who stand in its way .
We urge all South Africans to refuse to buy or handle any goods from Israel or have any dealings with Israeli businesses .
COSATU reaffirms its support of the inalienable right of the Palestinian people to national sovereignty and the same human rights as any other people .
We demand the immediate end to the Israeli siege and the illegal occupation of the sovereign territory which has been violently seized from the Palestinian nation .
Issued by Patrick Craven ( national spokesperson ) , Congress of South African Trade Unions .
SACP statement on the murderous Israeli aggression against the Gaza Freedom Flotilla
June 2 , 2010 --
The SACP condemns in the strongest possible terms the criminal and murderous acts of aggression against a peaceful Gaza Freedom Flotilla , bound for the besieged Gaza to deliver much needed aid .
The criminal massacre perpetrated by Israeli military forces against the humanitarian aid mission destined for Palestine , carrying about ten thousand tons of necessity goods in the face of the calamitous humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip , a result of the illegal blockade upon this territory and its people , came under attack from the Israeli navy , where peace - activists were brutally killed .
The attack against the humanitarian convoy constitutes a flagrant and shocking violation of the most basic rules of international law , an act of piracy and a further proof of the terrorist policy of a State that has relied upon the complicity and support of the USA and the European Union .
Given this serious event , the SACP demands that our government should in no uncertain terms repudiate apartheid Israeli and condemn these latest acts of aggression .
A condemnation that , in the framework of Portuguese foreign policy and Portugal 's participation in the diverse international institutions , gives Israel no immunity and derives from this event all the political , diplomatic and foreign relations consequences regarding the State of Israel .
The SACP reiterates its unequivocal support of the Palestinian people in their struggle for establishment of the Palestinian State along the pre-1967 borders with its capital in Jerusalem , and appeals to the South African people and progressive organizations within the solidarity and peace movements , with the Palestinian people to express their disgust and indignation and condemnation against this additional heinous act of the Israeli government and its military forces .
May 31 , 2010 -- Thousands of New Yorkers gathered in Times Square to protest the murder of human rights activist by Israel .
These activists were on six ships called the Freedom Flotilla delivering medical aid , food and other supplies to Gaza when they were brutally attacked by Israeli soldiers .
Socialist Party USA : Statement on the IDF attack on the Gaza aid flotilla
Statement by the SPUSA co-chairs
May 31 , 2010 --
As co-chairs of the Socialist Party USA we condemn the attack by the Israeli Defence Forces on the unarmed humanitarian aid boat The Spirit of Humanity .
The boat was carrying desperately needed aid supplies meant to break the inhuman Israeli blockade of Gaza .
The death of at least 10 people , the injuring of dozens and the arrest of 20 stands as one of the most egregious attacks on humanitarian workers ever .
We join the activist group Viva Palestina in calling for the immediate release of those arrested so that they may continue their mission .
We join the international community , including the United Nations Commission on Human Rights , in calling for an immediate end the blockade of Gaza .
Finally , as Americans , we demand an immediate end to all military aid provided by the US government to Israel .
Andrea Pason
Co-chair , Socialist Party USA
Billy Wharton
Co-chair , Socialist Party USA
Fourth International : end impunity for Israel ’s crimes !
By the Bureau of the Fourth International , Paris
June 1 , 2010 --
The far - right government of Benjamin Netanyahu and Avigdor Lieberman has demonstrated once more its ability to go even further than earlier Israeli governments in trampling international law and basic human decency under foot .
Their murderous attack in international waters on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla is a new escalation of the Israeli aggression against the Palestinian people .
It must be met with a forceful escalation in the response from the solidarity movement and world public opinion .
Thanks to the Labour Party ’s presence in Netanyahu ’s extremist government , the whole Zionist political establishment is complicit in this fresh outrage .
Labour defence minister Ehud Barak has declared that the government knowingly accepted the consequences of its act .
Knowing , that is , that the world ’s governments would reflexively respond with mere words : some diplomatic communiqués , some tut - tutting at Israeli ambassadors .
As usual .
But this time it must be different .
This time an outpouring of protest must force governments to move from words to deeds .
Already US President Barack Obama and UN secretary - general Ban Ki-mon have spoken of investigation .
What is there of consequence to investigate ?
The Israeli government does not deny that it launched an illegal attack in international waters ; it proclaims it .
The Israeli army itself says that more than ten activists were killed .
The Israeli military ’s own spokesperson claims no more than four Israeli injuries as extenuation for the slaughter .
Al - Jazeera ’s correspondent on the lead boat reports that a white flag was raised , and yet the Israelis opened fire as they stormed it , without provocation .
All this points to a deliberate resort , as in 2008 - 09 , to “ disproportionate force ” , certainly not a case of “ self - defence ” .
The assault on the Freedom Flotilla was in fact a logical extension of the blockade of Gaza that the flotilla was protesting and challenging .
Hardly a government on Earth besides Israel ’s has a word to say in defence of this blockade , a blatant case of an illegal collective punishment of a civilian population .
Yet hardly a government on Earth lifts a finger to stop it .
And the shamelessly cynical Israeli PR operation makes light of the blockade ’s effects , recommending a posh Gaza restaurant to journalists .
Surely that press statement ’s author remembers that posh restaurants remained in business in the Warsaw Ghetto as Jews were starving to death in the street outside !
Not that there is mass starvation today in Gaza ; arbitrary and capricious as the Israeli blockade is , it has so far been calibrated to avoid that degree of devastation .
It has led only to widespread malnutrition ; only to the traumatisation of tens of thousands of children ; only to mass unemployment that has left 80 per cent of the Gaza Strip ’s 1.5 million people dependent on relief ; only to the helplessness of a population trying to live among the ruins left by the 2008 - 09 Israeli aggression , which they are denied any means of repairing ; only to the deaths of 28 Palestinians waiting for permission to leave for urgently needed medical treatment .
The protests against the attack on the flotilla , coming on top of the blockade , are more than justified .
The picket lines and demonstrations outside Israeli embassies and consulates should continue .
But the protests must go further , targeting the governments in each of our countries that have made and are making Israeli outrages possible .
In the United States , which under the Obama administration has remained Israel ’s main backer , protests must demand and secure an immediate halt to the $ 3 billion in annual aid that funds the Israeli government ’s crimes .
In the countries of the European Union , which only months ago decided on closer ties with Israel , protests must demand and secure immediate invocation of the human rights clause in the Israeli - EU free trade agreement , suspending the commercial privileges that give Israel an economic lifeline .
In the Arab countries that maintain ties with Israel , the peoples ’ fury should frighten their governments into halting their complicity – and especially frighten the Egyptian government into ending its indispensable role in the criminal blockade of Gaza .
In the Israeli state , where protests are also taking place , there should be stepped - up resistance to the far - right government .
Everywhere where the solidarity movement is not yet strong enough to compel governments to break in practice with the Israeli state , people should take matters into their own hands with massive boycott , divestment and sanctions campaigns .
Finally , this new Israeli crime should lead to a new wave of discussion and reflection about the bankruptcy of the “ peace process ” supposedly aimed at establishing a Palestinian mini-state in the 1967 territories alongside an intact Zionist Israel .
Today the Israeli government is being “ punished ” for its attack on the flotilla with yet another suspension of the anaemic process of indirect talks with the Palestinian Authority – a process that it obviously views as nothing more than an occasionally useful distraction from its work of establishing facts on the ground .
Movements for peace and solidarity should now be spurred to more clarity and resolve about the need for an alternative , heading towards true peace , with full and unconditional Palestinian self - determination , the right of return for the 1948 refugees ( who make up four - fifths of the Gaza Strip ’s population ) , the dismantling of the Zionist state , and a political solution in which the Palestinian and Israeli Jewish peoples can live together in full equality of rights .
Sinn Féin :
There must be consequences for Israel ’s murderous attack on humanitarian aid flotilla
Deputy Ó Snodaigh said there must be action from the International Community and called on the Minister for Foreign Affairs to summon the Israeli Ambassador and expel him from the Country .
Speaking this morning Deputy Ó Snodaigh said :
It looks as though this cold and calculated attack took place in international waters , in breach of all international maritime laws .
There must be action from the international community .
Foreign Affairs Minister Mícheál Martin must summon the Israeli Ambassador and expel him from the Country .
Furthermore the preferential trade agreement with Israel must be ended .
This was a humanitarian aid mission carrying 10,000 tonnes of aid to the besieged city of Gaza .
The blockade of Gaza is illegal under international law .
At all stage of preparations to join the flotilla the organisers reiterated non-violent and peaceful resistance to any boarding by Israeli army .
The Israelis had nothing to fear from this flotilla .
The attack has left up to 20 dead and fifty injured 10,000 tons of much needed aid wasted .
My thoughts are with the families of those who died .
They were courageous men and women as was each and every person on the flotilla .
Horror at the loss of life on Gaza aid convoy
Sinn Féin MEP [ member of the European Parliament ]
Bairbre de Brún has expressed her horror at the loss of life resulting from an Israeli commando attack on a flotilla of boats carrying aid to Gaza , saying nothing could justify the storming of the aid ships .
Ms de Brún said :
If you have used the words “ Adobe ” and “ Android ” in the same sentence in the past month , you have no doubt been talking about their work to get Flash onto smartphones as part of Android 2.2 .
But in all of the ensuing chaos , let ’s not forget that Adobe also makes several other very useful products that have little to do with Flash , including the great PDF viewing experience that is Adobe Reader .
Potentially lost in the mire of Flash 10.1 announcements is quite the little gem : Adobe has released Reader for Android .
What Reader delivers is a hands - down great PDF viewing experience on a mobile device .
You get many features you just could n’t go without including auto reorientation of the screen for portrait and landscape modes and pinch - to - zoom , but Adobe adds in a few other cool features such as a text “ reflow ” mode that will reformat documents containing large amounts of text for better mobile viewing .
Check it all out in Adobe ’s demo video at their announcement blog .
So far I ’m impressed .
I do n’t do a lot of PDF viewing on my phone , and have n’t explored many viewer options , but I had been using Beam Reader up until this point .
For a lightweight and superbly functional experience I will definitely be using Reader as my default choice from now on .
( Before you go complaining that you ca n’t find it in the Market , Adobe Reader is currently only available for the Nexus One and Motorola Droid / Milestone , and apparently though Adobe did n’t say so , it will work on the Droid Incredible too . )
Author and broadcaster Stephen Fry was among the crowds waiting to get an iPad from the Apple store on launch day .
He gives his verdict on Steve Jobs 's latest innovation
As we enter the season of plastic - intensive picnicking — would you like some plastic - bottled water to accompany your meal eaten off a plastic plate with a plastic fork ?— it ’s worth remembering that our convenience comes at nature ’s cost .
This video that dramatizes plastic ’s toll on the environment , and on wildlife , is shocking and powerful , despite — or because of ? — a soundtrack consisting solely of Queen ’s bombastic power ballad “ Who Wants to Live Forever ” :
Take this as a reminder :
It ’s not impolite to bring your environmental ethic to a cookout .
The next time you head out for summer fun that includes eating outside , bring a few extra things — washable and reusable plates , cups , and utensils — and leave your guilt behind .
- Advertisement -
( Thanks , Fake Plastic Fish and Plastic Manners . )
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - A controversial proposal to tax soft drinks did not make into a list of measures approved late on Thursday by Philadelphia ’s city council to balance the city ’s fiscal 2011 budget .
To offset revenue that would have been raised by the soda tax , the council approved a 9.9 percent increase in the city ’s property tax , a doubling of commercial trash - collection fees , and a new fee on smokeless tobacco .
The budget package would leave a fund balance -- a cash cushion for unforeseen events like emergency snow clearance -- $ 15 million short of where it should be , and that ’s a risky proposition , said Doug Oliver , a spokesman for Mayor Michael Nutter .
Like many U.S. cities and states , Philadelphia has been hit hard by the recession , which has hurt revenue and bumped up welfare costs , forcing officials to find ways to cut back .
A months - long budget impasse in 2009 led major ratings agencies to cut the city ’s ratings close to junk status .
The planned two - cents - an - ounce soda tax , which was strongly opposed by the beverage industry since it was announced in March , would have raised $ 77 million to help plug a $ 150 million gap in the coming year ’s $ 3.9 billion budget .
If it had been implemented at the full level , the tax would be the highest in the United States Some other cities have soda taxes but at lower levels , Oliver said .
The tax was promoted by the Nutter administration as a way of reducing soft drink consumption in a city where half the children are overweight or obese .
Oliver said the administration would continue to press the council to adopt the tax , albeit at a lower level , during budget talks leading up to final votes over the next two weeks .
“ If it does find a way to survive , it would likely be at a reduced amount , ” he said .
The property tax increase would raise $ 86.2 million ; the higher commercial trash fee $ 7 million , and the smokeless tobacco tax $ 4 million .
The council ’s budget package includes $ 17 million in spending cuts .
UPDATE : Scott Brown told Schieffer that he has n't heard anything about jobs since he's been in the Senate , but Steve Benen reminds him that he voted on a couple of jobs bills already .
What a nitwit .
He 's lying only a couple of months into his new gig .
Welcome to the House of Lords .
Scott Brown made his first appearance on Face the Nation Sunday , and while he distanced himself from Sarah Palin and would n't answer Bob Schieffer 's question asking him if he would have appeared with her if he was n't working , he gave an awfully good impression of her by not including any substance in his answers to Bob 's questions -- only right wing talking points .
I found it rather bizarre that since he has been part of the legislative process in Boston before he became Senator , his performance made it sound like he had zero knowledge on what 's wrong with the financial reform bill other than saying that President Obama is now putting his political arm in the debate so he 's going to filibuster the bill .
Here 's the way the segment went .
Transcript via CBS .
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN ( R - Massachusetts ) :
Well , I think the President 's political arm is now taking over this debate .
And it 's unfortunate because I , like many others in my state and throughout the country , want banks to be banks .
They do n't want them to be casinos .
They do n't want them to take risky bets on our money .
And , I think that this is an issue that we can clearly come to common ground and just solve the problem .
Where there 're problems , we should fix them .
But the regulation and the -- the bill that 's being proposed by the banking chairman dramatically affects businesses -- mutual -- for example , Liberty Mutual , MassMutual .
These folks are -- are caught in that -- that -- that regulation as well .
It 's going to cost potentially twenty - five to thirty - five thousand jobs .
And -- BOB SCHIEFFER ( overlapping ) :
Well , now , wait a minute , Senator .
How -- how can you say that ?
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN : Well , I -- I can say it very clearly because the -- the regulations that are -- they 're trying to reel in with some of the risky he -- hedging -- that bets are doing also affects companies like -- like I just described in Massachusetts .
It 's -- it 's very clear .
And -- and speaking with Secretary Geithner the other day I -- I certainly noted the -- the President 's comments .
But , Secretary Geithner has some of the same criticisms of the bill .
In that , it does n't end the bailout mentality of the big bank -- the too - big - to - fail concept .
And , in addition , there are a lot of things in the Dodd bill that -- that are just bad for business , small businesses in particular .
And we should do better .
And , I 've -- I called the President out the other day and the administration to do better and stop politicizing these issues and just start solving problems .
BOB SCHIEFFER :
But do n't you think that Senator McConnell might be a little bit guilty of politicizing when he -- he comes out and just says flatly , " No , we 're against it ? "
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN :
He 's not saying -- he 's not saying no to financial reform unless I 'm mistaken because that 's never the impression I 've gotten in the seventy - three days since I 've been there .
Throughout our caucuses , that issue has been in the forefront with the teams that are negotiating with the banking chairman to try to find common sense reforms and -- and address situations like the one that I just pointed out with -- where companies are -- are caught in the big web .
And , when you have government interfering in -- in -- in businesses -- small businesses ' lives and just throwing -- like a-- a one - size - fits - all approach just to score political points , it 's -- it 's sad .
We should be looking at real issues -- I 'm sorry , real solutions to these problems .
And , to politicize , it is clear what they 're with , you know , trying to score points and he should do better .
The interview went on like this for about thirteen minutes or so .
He would n't answer any of Bob 's questions and just repeated prepared lines that fell flat .
He was unimpressive and appeared to be just like another political hack who 's going to vote with the Democrats whenever he can so he 'll be able to say he's a true independent voice for the people of Massachusetts to get reelected to the Senate .
It 's fine to be prepared , we all do it before we go on TV , but I thought he would be able just list a few reasons why he 's against the Dodd bill instead of flatly rejecting it like Frank Luntz has instructed them to .
In the CBS report on this segment , they only repeated what was bantered around , but in the end they agreed with me by saying :
He did n't offer specifics about what he thinks should be in a financial reform bill , but said he 'd filibuster the current bill rather than let it come to the Senate floor .
Bob did n't bother to push him on anything either except when it came to Palin .
I can see that Scott Brown is a bit shaky about Our Lady from Alaska .
BOB SCHIEFFER : well , would you have , for example , gone to the rally in Boston and appeared with Sarah Palin had the Senate not been in session ?
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN : Well , I ’ve been to rallies before .
I spoke a couple of years -- last year at two rallies in Worcester , before I was elected .
And , you know , my role now is , as an elected official , is to do my job .
And that ’s not -- that was n’t -- those were n’t the circumstances .
And I have great respect for -- for Sarah and what she ’s doing .
She ’s got a lot on her plate .
And , she ’s plays a role in -- in -- in that movement , and -- and -- and just the -- the -- the Republican Party .
And -- and --
Notice how he referred to the Tea Parties as " that movement ? "
He also had a hard time with Shieffer 's question about whether Obama is a socialist .
BOB SCHIEFFER : But , do you decline to answer my question : is he pushing the country towards socialism ?
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN : I do n’t think he ’s making proper choices when it comes to dealing with the -- the free market and free enterprise and allowing businesses to -- to really run themselves and create jobs .
And as a result , larger government is happening and we ’re creating jobs but they 're all government jobs .
And the private sector is definitely -- definitely suffering .
This interview was about as softball as it comes and what I came away from it was that Scott Brown is a political fly weight .
Not knowing , but speaking " Luntz " is the new " in , " people .
Oh , and did you know his daughter got a job on CBS ?
I 'm not saying she did n't deserve the job because you know , American Idol really prepares oneself for political reporting .
With Zach 's technical knowledge and an excellent track record of handling large projects within the corporation , it was of little surprise when he received the task of estimating the amount of effort to create , in - house , the company 's new web portal .
You see , in Zach 's workplace , whenever an outside vendor was being considered to develop any in - house app , a " second opinion " would be obtained to see what it would cost to perform the same task using the company 's existing available resources .
The reasoning was simple - whichever side was the cheapest go the task .
Seizing the opportunity to carve his name in a big project , Zach poured himself into creating a truly admirable estimate for project over the course of several late work days and a few weekends .
The estimate addressed several " what - if " scenarios , contingency plans , and contained input from the server team , database group , and the web design team to get the best representation of how much effort the web portal would truly take to complete .
Zach was excited .
As he prepared to deliver the finalized estimate , Zach carried a smug expression while imagining how his numbers were going to blow out of the water anything that the 3rd party developers could dish out .
However , what Zach did n't know though was that the estimate would be for nothing .
Before the printer had collated the last copy , management had already decided to go with the outside firm .
When discovered this , Zach approached the management team and made his case .
He argued that the estimate was the best thing for the company - they would ultimately support the app and with regards to total cost , going in - house was really the very best way to go .
Management fired back that despite the admittedly outrageous $ 250 per hour rate , the vendor had an impressive portfolio and claimed to be able to deliver the solution in literally a fraction of the time Zach had estimated .
Zach countered that he'd meet again with the various groups in hopes of being able to refactor the estimate - perhaps there 's something that can be trimmed ?
The response back to Zach from management was an emphatic " No " .
Zach was thanked for his time but his estimate would not be needed .
No word on anything until a time later when his director forwarded an email his way requesting assistance in helping the vendor :
Hey Jeff , I ’m working on the functional requirements for the invoice presentment on 4/6 and here is what I ’m thinking .
The user will navigate to the Billing tab and as the page loads , “ something ” will “ do something ” to determine if the invoice is available for viewing .
If it is available for viewing , then “ something ” will be available for the user to click on to display the invoice .
Would you , at a high level , know what those somethings are ?
Let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks ,
Vincent
Zach replied that he'd be glad to assist the vendor , but before he could take any action , he'd have to submit an estimate first .
GoodRamen Profile Blog Joined December 2009 United States 713 Posts # 2 OMG match point looks amazing !
as well as outsider good job !!!
# 1 Fantasy Fan !!!!
ZenDeX Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Philippines 2872 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-29 02:03:56 # 3
Concerning Match Point , can we build on the plateau like what Nal_rA does ?
3FFA Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 3885 Posts # 4 Blood Bath ?
" As long as it comes from a pure place and from a honest place , you know , you can write whatever you want . "
blahman3344 Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 2013 Posts # 5 you sir , win at life
i love the sc2 matchpoint , it looks so epic .
I like haikus and / I can not lie .
You other / brothers can't deny
Camila_br Profile Joined April 2004 Brazil 529 Posts # 6
These looks great !
thumbs up =)
" Do you really want chat rooms ? "
wanderer Profile Blog Joined May 2007 United States 641 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-29 02:11:55 # 7
I call dibs on RoV. DONT YOU TAKE THIS FROM ME !
Expect an overhead picture ( maybe in its own thread , who knows ) tomorrow evening .
EDIT - have the mapmakers made sure that the entire area that is picture in your links are acccessable by the camera / units ?
Press the H button in the editor to find out .
The green area is where you are able to send your units .
Just saying — I would n't want to see your maps turn out cut off in the game because of that lame Pathing thing .
Fuck you , I have a degree in mathematics and I speak 12 languages .
( I called the World Cup final in 2008 btw )
Half Profile Joined March 2010 United States 2554 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-29 02:17:57 # 8
Small criticism , the Author of Outsider should have used lava cracked tiles for the crescent in the middle .
Otherwise < 3 them both .
Too Busy to Troll !
Terranist Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 2490 Posts
# 9 i can't find it but someone made a HBR port that looked pretty good .
i personally would like to see andromeda or medusa .
The Show of a Lifetime
kingjames01 Profile Blog Joined April 2009 Canada 1603 Posts # 10
Can we use these maps in multiplayer mode yet ?
Who would sup with the mighty , must walk the path of daggers .
joewest Profile Joined December 2007 United States 167 Posts # 11 I would like to see Monty Hall made into an SC2 map .
SC2Phoenix Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Canada 2794 Posts # 12 OMG Outsider is Amazing !
Who the fuck has a family of fucking trees ?
This song is so god damn stupid .
Fuck you song , fuck you and your stupid trees .
- itmeJP
SpiDaH Profile Joined March 2010 France 194 Posts # 13 can't wait for these maps to be playable .
To hell with the current map pool , incineration zone out of all of them is the biggest joke .
Once I get my hands on them BW remakes I 'm playing them 24/ 7 .
Hell , I 'll even try to get them adopted as official maps for a bunch of tournaments back in my country if possible .
theqat Profile Blog Joined March 2008 United States 2213 Posts # 14 Fighting Spirit and Heartbreak Ridge are out there .
.. for some reason I can't find the FS thread
Blinn Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United Kingdom 68 Posts # 15
http://highper.ch/SC2/ChupungRyeong.SC2Map
Here 's my Chupung ; sorry I already made my own thread for it I was so excited :p 2 Fav Things ?
Team Melee & Bjornebryggs !
Kenpachi Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 9303 Posts # 16 some one made a hbr a while ago .
Nada 's body is South Korea 's greatest weapon .
dyren Profile Joined December 2009 United States 260 Posts # 17
lolaloc , which part are you referring to ?
I have purposefully blocked off a lot of high ground spots .
After attempting to type it all out I figured I 'd just make an image :
The areas shaded red are unwalkable .
The areas shaded yellow are unbuildable .
The areas in blue are two key xel ' naga watch towers which are buildable right now and I 'm wondering if they should perhaps be unbuildable .
Thanks * blushes * lolaloc , which part are you referring to ?
I have purposefully blocked off a lot of high ground spots .
After attempting to type it all out I figured I 'd just make an image :
The areas shaded red are unwalkable .
The areas shaded yellow are unbuildable .
The areas in blue are two key xel ' naga watch towers which are buildable right now and I 'm wondering if they should perhaps be unbuildable .
( ╬ ಠ益ಠ )
SpiDaH Profile Joined March 2010 France 194 Posts # 18 On April 29 2010 11:24 theqat wrote :
Fighting Spirit and Heartbreak Ridge are out there .
.. for some reason I can't find the FS thread
Ca n't find the FS thread either , it 's bugging me I wanted to stare at it thinking ' god I would have so much fun playing on this right now '
Ca n't find the FS thread either , it 's bugging me I wanted to stare at it thinking ' god I would have so much fun playing on this right now '
Re-Play - Profile Blog Joined September 2007 Dominican Republic 825 Posts # 19 where is the super Classic PYTHON ?
P1 : Best rank ?
P2:1st time iccup , P1 : really ?
P1 looks at the account of P2 WOW B+ last season ^^
Folca Profile Blog Joined October 2006 2199 Posts # 20 ADD NOSTALGIA
Dea : one time when he was playing vs the comps he asked me " how do I make that flying unit that makes the other stuff invisible " and I reply " ur playing terran zomg "
1 2 3 4 5 22 23 24 Next All
There are two types of torrent sites ; trackers that are overhyped and trackers that are underrated .
SceneFX belongs to the latter category .
It ’s a General / 0 Day torrent tracker based in Romania .
You always hear of LastTorrents ( Open ) , TorrentBits ( Open ) , Freshon .
TV , Docs Torrents , iPlay , etc whenever ‘ great ’ Romanian trackers are discussed but a lot of folks seem to leave SceneFZ ( SFZ ) out .
It ’s a little surprising since SFZ itself is a pretty decent private tracker with a huge user base ( compared to other similar sites ) and a content rich torrent index with a lot of individual releases and packs .
SFX usually requires a SMS Code ( some type of subscription based service ) to register but free signup is now possible for users all over the world for a limited time .
This is not the first time we are featuring SFZ on this blog – our long time readers should know about this site well enough .
Anyways SceneFZ is a pretty old tracker which has been around since 2006 .
During these 4 + years , they ’ve managed to recruit 63000 + active users which is a colossal number by private tracker standards .
The active torrent count is also high , with SFZ indexing 19000 + active torrents as of 16/5/2010 .
Despite being a tracker with Romanian origins , vast majority of torrents indexed in SFZ are English .
This includes both scene and non scene releases .
Types and amount of indexed content according to site homepage is as follows :
1,801 Games
10,804 Movies
3,687 Music
1,331 Software
1,720 Other categories
For those who care about packs , there are plenty of them here apart from individual uploads .
Internal releases unique and exclusive to this tracker can be identified by ‘ SFZ ’ and ‘ SceneFZ ’ tags at the end of torrent title .
Screenshot below highlights some of the torrent packs on found on SFZ :
One thing I do n’t particularly like about SFZ is it ’s interface .
The default theme looks uncommon but at times it appears a little cluttered with flash based ‘ buy credits ’ ads , PM notification pop ups , etc .
Thankfully , there are 12 different themes to choose from and between these you should be able to find something that will not hurt your eyes ( theme can be changed using the left sidebar ) .
There are advanced search features built into the site but these will only reveal themselves if you click on the ‘ Complex Search ’ button near the torrent page numbers ( beneath the ‘ buy credits ’ banner ) .
Signup for SFZ is currently open .
Note that this tracker rarely opens its doors ( usually once or twice a year ) so make use of the opportunity .
Open registrations will continue till the 17th of May .
Site Name : SceneFZ ( http://scenefz.net)
Signup URL : Go to http://scenefz.net, accept the agreement and choose ‘ Sign up ’ from the left pane .
Off the pitch , the 2009 / 10 season will be remembered as the one that the mountain of debt on which the Premier League sits finally claimed its first major victim , triggering a degree of recrimination and scrutiny not seen before in English football 's top flight .
The conditions that led to the barely believable phenomenon of Portsmouth , one of 20 clubs in arguably the richest league in the world , flirting with liquidation had been brewing for years .
Equally , the ramifications of the chaos at Fratton Park will be felt for a long time .
The game in this country may never be the same again .
As I arrived at Old Trafford on Sunday for Manchester United 's final match of the season against Stoke , the inherent contradictions at the heart of the Premier League 's economy were there for all to see .
The stadium was full to capacity , packed with supporters and football tourists from around the world , many hoping for one final twist in the most exciting title race in years .
The megastore was packed , the club 's merchandising operation as healthy as ever .
Smartly dressed corporate customers arrived in large numbers for lavish pre-match hospitality .
In the TV compound , the league 's billion - pound broadcasting deals were in full swing as gigantic mobile galleries beamed live pictures of the action back to millions of armchair spectators in the United Kingdom and around the globe .
A picture of a sport not in recession but in rude health .
But there was anger alongside the intense commercial activity that has made United the world 's most valuable club .
Green and gold was everywhere , protesters venting their fury at the £ 700 m of debt the owners , the Glazer family , have now loaded on to United 's holding company , and which cost £ 67 m to service last year .
Demonstrators sang violent anti-Glazer chants , unfurled banners and clashed with police as emotions boiled over .
Wednesday will mark five years to the day that the club was bought by the Florida - based billionaires and many fans now blame the family for a season that ended in disappointment .
And all the time , the Red Knights watch and wait to make their move .
Since I broke the story of the financiers ' interest in a takeover of the club back in January , anticipation among the fans has intensified .
A bid for the club will almost certainly be made within a month , but the Glazers seem resolute in the face of the hatred .
On a grand scale , the picture at Old Trafford is indicative of many of United 's counterparts throughout the Premier League .
Thanks largely to a bumper overseas TV deal worth £ 1.4bn , clubs are generating more money than ever , while attendance figures have held steady in the face of the recession .
The problem is not making money but rampant overspending - on wages and the cost of borrowing more .
As with their arch rivals , Liverpool were bought by American investors who borrowed vast amounts to afford the purchase but secured the loans not against their own personal fortunes but against the club itself .
Last week , Liverpool released accounts that revealed the club recorded a £ 55 m loss , the biggest in its history , despite income rising by over £ 20 m last season .
Having to pay £ 40 m in interest on borrowings of £ 350 m did the damage , as did £ 100 m in wages .
For the second year running , the club 's auditors warned of a " material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt upon the ability to continue as a going concern " .
Since then , its main lender , RBS , has again come to the rescue with another short - term loan .
But , unlike their countrymen down the M62 , Tom Hicks and George Gillett have had enough , putting the club up for sale .
What should worry Liverpool fans most is that these figures were recorded in what can only now be regarded as a good year for the club , a year - the 2008/ 9 campaign - in which they came close to winning the title and reached the quarter - finals of the Champions League .
Since then , Liverpool have gone rapidly backwards , limping home in seventh place in the league and failing to progress past the initial stage of the Champions League , the riches of which they must do without from now on .
Martin Broughton , the club's new chairman , insists there is no need to sell assets like Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard .
But , unless a new buyer for the club can be found , it is hard to see how .
Elsewhere , there have been similar examples of financial trauma in the last 12 months .
At West Ham , for instance , where administration was avoided thanks only to the intervention of David Gold and David Sullivan , who must still tackle £ 110 m of debt .
And at newly relegated Hull , who are £ 35 m in the red .
A brutal round of cost - cutting will now be embarked on at both clubs as the sport looks to tighten its belt .
Portsmouth fans are preparing for life in the Championship
Then there is Portsmouth , a club that two years ago were winners of the FA Cup but who today stand as pariahs , an example to the rest of the sport of the dangers of spending way beyond ones means .
Avram Grant's Pompey team can walk out at Wembley this weekend with their heads held high , a last hurrah before the squad is disbanded and sold off in time for next season .
But , off the field , Portsmouth remain firmly in disgrace , shamed by the £ 135 m they still owe the taxman , agents , players , clubs , former and current owners , alongside many other more vulnerable , smaller creditors .
The nightmare of Portsmouth reflects badly on the Premier League 's fit and proper person test , which raised few alarm bells when Sulaiman al - Fahim , Ali al - Faraj and now Balram Chainrai followed Sacha Gaydamak into Fratton Park .
One of the reasons Ian Watmore felt the need to resign as chief executive of the Football Association was frustration at what he saw as a failure to beef up the rules which allow a man dubbed ' al - Mirage ' to buy a club without ever being seen at Fratton Park .
Despite criticism from Uefa president Michel Platini , the Premier League remains loyal to its " liberalism " , insisting that Portsmouth 's mess is their own fault .
That said , it will now vote through a more rigorous screening regime , forcing prospective owners to provide proof of funds and attend meetings before being allowed to buy .
Clubs have had to be more transparent with their finances and prove they are up to date with payments .
Hull 's accounts are now monitored on a daily basis by the Premier League 's experts , while , if required , a club 's transfer activity can be controlled and Uefa licenses withheld , as Pompey have discovered .
Meanwhile , Uefa is preparing to phase in its financial fair play rules , regulations that will force clubs to break even to play in the Champions League .
The sport appears to be learning from its mistakes .
Sadly , at Fratton Park the horse has already bolted .
In contrast , two clubs fortunate enough to be propped up not by banks but by benefactors can look forward to a summer of renewed transfer activity .
Roman Abramovich 's enthusiasm has no doubt invigorated by Chelsea 's title success , while Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al - Nahyan 's appetite will have been whetted by just how close Manchester City came to the hallowed land .
Tottenham , fourth spot assured , could be another exception to the general trend of belt - tightening .
Despite relegation , Portsmouth , Hull and Burnley can all look forward to a doubling of the parachute payments for clubs who drop down from the Premier League .
If the Football League approves the proposal on Monday , Phil Gartside 's dream of a Premier League 2 will move a step closer to creation .
The Bolton chairman has long argued that one of the principal reasons why so many clubs have overspent is the vast financial gulf between the Premier League and Championship .
These reforms could go a significant way to levelling out that inequality , albeit at the expense of clubs in Leagues One and Two , who will find it harder than ever to climb through the ranks .
Whatever happened on the pitch this campaign , this was the season when administration , normally limited to clubs in the Football League , came crashing through the walls of Gloucester Place .
Now we will discover whether the sport has learned its lesson .
Argument Between PR Guy And Reporter Gets A Little Too Touchy
Journalists and public relations pros do n’t always play nice , but rarely do you get a chance to see them bicker like little kids on video .
In this case , a San Francisco TV reporter tries to crash a hospital meeting to get an interview regarding a potential scandal at the hospital , and the hospital ’s media relations director tries to get the reporter to leave by touching him – a lot .
( via SF Gate )
If you enjoyed this post , please “ like ” our Facebook page :
A pack of cards was used to decide the winner in one ward at the local council elections at Great Yarmouth in Norfolk .
The Yarmouth North votes were counted four times with Conservative Bob Peck , who was defending his seat , and Labour 's Charlie Marsden both on 1,034 .
When a pack of cards was produced by acting returning officer Richard Packham , the Conservative candidate drew a three and his opponent a seven .
An extra vote was given to Labour who have now taken the seat .
Mr Packham told BBC Radio Norfolk that in such a situation , the option was to draw lots , toss a coin or cut a deck of cards .
' Lucky seven '
The winning candidate Mr Marsden said : " I got lucky seven to decide the vote that was absolutely tied .
" I think it 's happened before and the choice was to cut a deck of cards or toss a coin .
" It 's given the two sides 15 each and that 's a fair balance on this council .
" Bob Peck is a good councillor but it 's my first time .
This was a really tight campaign . "
There were 14 seats being contested at Great Yarmouth , one of them a by - election caused by the recent death of a councillor , with both Labour and the Conservatives defending seven seats .
The Conservatives made one gain in Caister South and lost one seat on the turn of a card , meaning the overall layout of the council remained the same with the Conservatives in overall control .
HAMMOND , La. --
At first , BP tried to stop the oil rushing into the Gulf of Mexico by flipping a blowout preventer switch .
A week ago , they attempted to capture the leak with a 100 - ton box .
Now they 've hit a snag as they try to guide a mile - long tube into the gusher to siphon the oil .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said BP had a problem Saturday with the latest effort to stop the leak , but was continuing its work at the ocean floor .
" There was a problem .
They had to reconfigure .
They are back down again ... trying to get it inserted , " he told reporters during a briefing Saturday morning , declining to offer further information .
BP PLC has offered scant details of its progress in trying to thread the 6 - inch tube into the 21 - inch pipe spewing oil from the ocean floor .
Company spokesmen said technicians are continuing the methodical work of using joysticks to guide the deep - sea robots that are manipulating the contraption , but would n't elaborate on Salazar 's report .
View full size
" We 've never done such operations before and we need to take our time to get it right , " spokesman Jon Pack said in an e-mail Saturday .
The tube is intended to suck oil up like a straw to a tanker on the surface , while a stopper surrounding it would keep crude from leaking into the sea .
The company also received word that federal regulators had approved spraying chemical dispersants beneath the sea , a contentious development because it has never been done underwater .
Traditionally used on the ocean surface , chemical dispersants act like a detergent to break the oil into small globules , which allows it to disperse more quickly into the water or air before currents can wash it ashore .
Louisiana officials claim BP and the Environmental Protection Agency ignored their concerns about how the chemicals may harm the sea floor .
More than three weeks after the oil rig explosion that killed 11 workers and set off the disastrous spill , President Barack Obama assailed oil drillers and his own administration Friday as he ordered extra scrutiny of drilling permits .
He condemned a " ridiculous spectacle " of oil executives shifting blame in congressional hearings and denounced a " cozy relationship " between the companies and the federal government .
" I will not tolerate more finger - pointing or irresponsibility , " Obama said in the White House Rose Garden , flanked by members of his Cabinet .
" The system failed , and it failed badly .
And for that , there is enough responsibility to go around .
And all parties should be willing to accept it , " the president said .
Obama 's tone was a marked departure from the deliberate approach and mild chiding that had characterized his response since the rig went up in flames April 20 and sank two days later .
At least 210,000 gallons of oil has been leaking into the Gulf each day , and BP has sought to burn the crude off the surface of the water , as well as use the chemical dispersants .
It 's doubtful that anyone really likes having to upgrade , but at some point it has to be done .
For those particularly adverse to the upgrade — like enterprise users , with good reason — there are extra-long windows , but eventually even those windows close .
Last week , Red Hat announced that the oldest of its supported platforms has officially entered the homestretch .
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 was originally released in October 2003 , when the kernel was still 2.4 and several of today 's most popular distributions were n't even a twinkle in a developer 's eye .
As one might expect , quite a bit has changed in the Linux world over the past seven years .
Those still holding on to RHEL 3 will see at least a bit of the change come October , when the operating system will reach a well - deserved end - of - life .
Per Red
Hat 's support policy , new software functionality has been unavailable since mid-2006 , while minor releases , " new functionality , new hardware enablement [ and ] updated installation images " ceased in mid-2007 .
According to Advisory RHSA -2010:0386 -1 , as of October 31st :
New bug fix , enhancement , and security errata updates , as well as technical support services will no longer be available for the following products : Red Hat Enterprise Linux AS 3
Red Hat Enterprise Linux ES 3
Red Hat Enterprise Linux WS 3
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Extras 3
Red Hat Desktop 3
Red Hat Global File System 3
Red Hat Cluster Suite 3
Those still running RHEL 3 in a production environment are strongly advised to begin moving to RHEL 5 , itself three years into its seven year tenure .
( RHEL 6 is currently in beta , with no official word on when a final version may be available . )
Active Red
Hat subscribers can update to any currently - maintained version at no cost .
Image courtesy of Leonid Mamchenkov .
Advertisements
Not content with attacking politicians from their so called news desks , Fox News has now taken to attacking entire cities , specifically Los Angeles for boycotting the state of Arizona because of their immigration law .
The network labeled LA , “ A collection of lunatics , that ’s also broke . ”
Unlike Fox News which is just a collection of lunatics .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Among the panelists talking about the LA boycott and the Arizona immigration law was former intellectual turned panic right wing reactionary Ben Stein who flipped out because the UN condemned the AZ law , “ This is a height of hypocrisy which I never thought I would see in my lifetime .
The United Nation which is very largely a gang of murderers , cutthroats , genocidal tyrants judging Arizona which is behaving by an incredibly polite , legal law abiding , constitutional way of doing business .
They have not said we are going stop everybody on the street , and ask for his papers .
What they have said is if a person is arrested or stopped for some other crime we ’ll check on his immigration status .
There ’s nothing wrong with that at all , and the idea that San Francisco and LA which are the lunatic centers of the world , and take it from me , I ’ve lived in Los Angeles for 34 years .
I assure you its true , and I ’m one of them .
The idea of us judging Arizona which has an illegal alien problem beyond what we can even imagine in California , it is laughable and it is nauseating . ”
Dagen McDowell added in her best Southern drawl , “ Well , LA ’s not .
There a collection of a lunatics , who is also broke Ben… They should be thankful for every dime , every cent that comes in to that city , and they are jeopardizing potentially businesses coming into Los Angeles from Arizona , just look at a couple of the airlines maybe . ”
First of all what Ben Stein described was n’t the Arizona law , but the existing federal law .
What Stein left out is that the law makes the failure to carry to immigration documents a crime , and even after the language was prettied up for cosmetic purposes , police still have broad powers to detain anyone that they suspect of being illegal .
The changes that Governor Brewer made did not alter the intent or the implementation mechanism of the law .
The problem with the law is not how it treats illegal immigrants , but how citizens and legal immigrants in the state who are suspected of being Hispanic are having their basic rights violated .
In Fox ’s version of culture war politics , California is full of whack job liberals .
They have apparently forgotten that the Almighty Ronald Reagan came from California , and that there are plenty of Republicans in the state .
None of that is relevant , because Fox News is only interested in selling a stereotype .
The network did not want to discuss the millions of dollars that the LA boycott is costing Arizona , or that Arizona needs money from LA more than LA needs Arizona .
Nope the narrative they are selling is look at those kooky liberals in LA victimizing those real Americans in Arizona , as usual the “ fair and balanced ” fiction of Fox News trumps reality .
One of libertarians ' real blind spots is that they seem to believe that only government is capable of taking away your freedoms and your rights .
Which is how right - wingers like Glenn Beck and his fellow Foxheads ( see especially Michelle Bachmann ) have managed to turn things smack on their heads and create the Planet Bizarro talking point that " net neutrality means censorship of the Internet " .
It never seems to occur to them that , you know , lots of other people are perfectly capable of taking away your freedoms .
Especially the giant corporations who control our media .
Megyn Kelly gave a succinct demonstration of how this works at propaganda shops like Fox News yesterday on her America Live program .
To discuss net neutrality , she brought on Jim Harper of the libertarian Cato Institute and Josh Silver of Free Press .
Kelly proceeded to let Harper ramble uninterrupted at length , pitching the hogwash notion that " free enterprise created the Internet " ( um , no it did n't ) .
Then , when it was Silver 's turn to talk , Kelly aggressively interrupted him , notably just as he was getting to the major point :
Maintaining net neutrality is about ensuring that there will be no corporate censorship of content -- in other words , about maintaining the architecture that made the Internet the free and open medium that it is .
Then , when Silver finally got a chance to raise that point again , Kelly again interrupted :
Kelly :
Is that right , Jim ?
Because everything I 've read about this says this is a push , the beginnings of a push by the Obama administration to control the Internet to some extent -- more so than they had in the past .
Well , she 's obviously reading from diverse sources , is n't she ?
In any event , Kelly again let Harper ramble on , speculating that taxes would be imposed , blah blah blah -- and cut the segment off before Silver could point out the blatant falsity of his claims .
It was quite an exhibition in " fair and balanced " TV news .
And it demonstrated rather neatly what happens when corporate news channels control the flow of information :
They pretend to offer " balance , " but facts that undermine the predominant narrative are never given the light of day .
All the more reason to defend our Web freedoms by maintaining net neutrality .
And what 's bizarre is that the supposed defenders of " liberty " are on the side of the would - be corporate media controllers .
But then , we already knew that libertarianism is fundamentally incoherent .
A tiny spade , like a black teardrop , is etched on the skin under Johnny Anderson ’s right eye .
It ’s a tattooed salute to the World War II soldiers of Easy Company who he says wore the symbol on playing cards tucked into their helmets as amulets while fighting to liberate Nazi- occupied France .
The spade joins a human canvas of skin - deep statements about Anderson ’s politics , faith and values .
His body is covered with images of snakes , eagles , Christian iconography and assorted Americana , in what he regards as an individual ’s most ardent and enduring form of expression .
But one man ’s flesh - bound free speech is another ’s idea of unhealthful mutilation and underclass war paint .
In the city of Hermosa Beach and other upscale oceanfront communities , tattooing is effectively banned for what city officials say is a risk to the public ’s health , safety and welfare .
Anderson , owner of the Yer Cheat ’n Heart tattoo parlor in Gardena , said he thinks his store is in a seedy neighborhood and sought to move to a vacant storefront in Hermosa Beach in 2006 .
His request to open a parlor there was denied on grounds that zoning laws do n’t allow tattooing anywhere in the city .
He sued in federal court in Los Angeles , alleging suppression of his 1st Amendment right to impart artistic expression on customers ’ bodies .
The tattoo artist lost the first round of his legal challenge in 2008 , when a federal judge deemed tattooing “ not sufficiently imbued with elements of communication ” to qualify as constitutionally protected speech .
Anderson took his case to the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals this month , and some constitutional law scholars predict the outcome could be different in what would be the first — and potentially precedent - setting — federal appellate decision on whether the tattoo artist is engaged in 1st Amendment - protected activity when designing and applying custom tattoos .
Anderson blames his failure in the lower court on the persistent impression , especially among older Americans , that tattoo parlors attract an unsavory clientele .
“ This is n’t the greatest neighborhood , ” he said of his current location , kitty - corner from the Hustler Casino and flanking South Vermont Avenue ’s railroad tracks .
“ A lot of my customers are women , and I have to walk them to their cars after dark . ”
Anderson , 33 , conducts a brisk business at his six - chair salon , where customers pay $ 150 an hour for his services .
But he would prefer to be closer to his home in Redondo Beach and better positioned to serve walk - in traffic from the beachfront .
“ They believe that it ’s going to bring the wrong element into their town — the undesirables , so to speak , ” Anderson said of what he perceives is the beach communities ’ fear of an invasion of ex-cons and bikers .
“ But that ’s just such an outdated way of thinking .
Everybody gets tattoos these days . ”
Although Hermosa Beach and other cities do n’t specifically ban tattooing , their zoning laws do n’t recognize it as a permissible use .
A decorative art that dates back at least 5,000 years , tattooing made its mark on Oetzi the Ice Man , the preserved corpse discovered on a mountain between Austria and Italy in 1991 , as well as on mummies from ancient Egypt .
The representations of spiritual and earthly symbols are believed to have been status symbols in Japan , Polynesia , India and among the Maori tribe of New Zealand .
One in five American adults has at least one tattoo , Anderson reports in the legal papers filed to back his appeal .
The artists and their clients insist that the inked images speak to their most profound beliefs , loyalties and emotions .
Shane Cherry is a 49 - year - old engineer with a wife and two teenage daughters in Torrance , another municipality that has shut its doors to tattooing .
On a recent weekday afternoon , after careful Internet research on consumer satisfaction with local artists , Cherry turned up at Anderson ’s salon with a vague idea of a symbol he wanted on his right shoulder as a tribute to his late father .
Stanley Cherry , a sculptor , had used a motif featuring two cherries hanging from a branch to sign his artworks .
Anderson helped the son re-create the design on paper , then applied it in a two - hour procedure with the tattoo gun .
Custom - designed tattoos account for about 95 % of his business , said Anderson , who counts students , soccer moms , professionals and churchgoers among his clients .
Only about one in 20 wants a tattoo from the prepared “ flash ” displayed on his parlor walls , he said .
His attorney , Robert C. Moest , likens the Hermosa Beach ban on tattooing to the banning of printing presses .
The messages resulting from both are clearly forms of communication , he said .
At least one constitutional law professor agreed .
“ If it ’s art , it ’s art , and art gets protection , ” UC Berkeley law professor and 1st Amendment expert Jesse Choper said of the debate over whether tattoos are protected speech .
Hermosa Beach might have a chance of prevailing with the 9th Circuit judges , he said , if it imposed regulations limiting the practice to certain parts of the city or required the involvement of medical professionals .
But he said he doubts its total ban on tattoo parlors will pass constitutional review .
Hermosa Beach officials argue in court papers that Anderson is n’t engaged in expression but “ merely providing a service . ”
The city also contends that tattooing poses health risks , creates “ aesthetic concerns , ” generates little tax revenue and would impose a financial burden on the city to provide adequate inspection and regulation .
Hermosa Beach officials have responded to Anderson ’s claims of 1st Amendment violation by pointing out that other means of expression are available for his images , like silk - screening on T - shirts or posters .
“ T - shirts can be taken off .
This is a different kind of expression , ” Anderson said of tattoos .
“ And one that is saying something pretty important if someone is wearing it for the rest of their life . ”
carol.williams@latimes.com
ISLAMABAD : After blocking access to the website “ Facebook ” , Pakistan ’s government on Thursday blocked the popular video sharing website “ YouTube ” for hosting blasphemous material .
A statement released by Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ( PTA ) said that YouTube had been blocked due to " objectionable content . "
However , the statement did not specify the nature of content .
All internet service providers were directed by the PTA on Thursday to block YouTube .
All internet users were unable to access the site after 11:00 am .
A PTA official wishing not to be named said the action was taken after the PTA authorities determined that some sacrilegious caricatures of the Prophet Mohammad were transferred from Facebook to YouTube .
Wahaj - us - Siraj , the CEO of Nayatel , an Internet service provider , said the blocking of the two websites would cut up to 25 percent of total Internet traffic in Pakistan .
" It 'll have an impact on the overall Internet traffic as they eat up 20 to 25 percent of the country 's total 65 giga - bytes traffic , " he said .
The move follows the Lahore High Court 's order to block Facebook for an indefinite period as it acted on a petition filed by the Islamic Lawyers Forum , which had sought a complete ban on the social networking website .
The court also directed the foreign ministry to raise the issue of the blasphemous caricatures of Prophet Mohammed at an international forum .
Meanwhile , demonstrations continued on Thursday across the country in protest against the social networking website , Facebook .
At a demonstration outside the parliament , protesters urged the government to raise the issue at the international level .
Addressing a press conference later , Talha Mehmood , chairman of the Senate standing committee on interior affairs , urged the government to redefine its relations with the West against the backdrop of an increase in incidents hurting religious sentiments of the Muslims .
Researchers at the University of Washington and University of California - San Diego have examined the multitudinous computer systems that run modern cars , discovering that they 're easily broken into with alarming results .
Hackers can disable the brakes of moving vehicles , lock the key in the ignition to prevent the engine from being turned off , jam all the door locks , and make the engine run faster .
Less dangerously , they can control the radio , heating , and air conditioning , or just endlessly honk the horn .
Their attacks used physical access to the federally mandated On - Board Diagnostics ( OBD - II ) port , typically located under the dashboard .
This provided access to another piece of federally mandated equipment , the Controller Area Network ( CAN ) bus .
With this access , they could control the various Electronic Control Units ( ECUs ) located throughout the vehicle , with scant few restrictions .
Though there is some security built in to the network , it was easily defeated through a combination of brute - force attacking and implementation flaws .
The CAN specification requires little protection , and even those protections it requires were found to be implemented inadequately , with ECUs allowing new firmware to be flashed even while the car was moving ( halting the engine in the process ) , and letting low - security systems like the air conditioning controller attack high security services such as the brakes .
Once the researchers had gained access , they developed a number of attacks against their target vehicles , and then tested many of them while the cars were being driven around an old airstrip .
Successful attacks ranged from the annoying — switching on the wipers and radio , making the heater run full blast , or chilling the car with the air conditioning — to the downright dangerous .
In particular , the brakes could be disabled .
The ignition key could then be locked into place , preventing the driver from turning the car off .
The researchers could even upload new firmware to various ECUs , permitting a range of complex behaviors to be programmed in .
What they tested was harmless — turning on the wipers when the car reached 20 m ph — but the possibilities were enormous : for example , the ECU could wait until the car was going at 80 mph , and then disable all the brakes .
They could also program in the ability to reboot and reset the ECU , so their hacked firmware would be removed from the system , leaving no trace of what they had done .
About the only thing it seemed they could n't do was steer the car , and even that may be possible in high - end vehicles with self - parking capabilities .
The research makes clear that the embedded computer systems within cars , and the specifications they are built on , simply are n't designed with security in mind .
The CAN protocol requires only minimal security , and the car and component manufacturers have done a poor job of implementing it .
Even if they had done their job properly , however , many of the attacks are likely to have been successful anyway .
Their interest was also purely in the network security ( or lack thereof ) of these vehicular networks , not the general safety of controlling critical systems with computers .
Though they gave their test driver a taste of the ( alleged ) Toyota experience , they did n't examine the plausibility or frequency of such systems failures .
They also refrained from naming the exact make and model of vehicle that they tested .
They said that this was because they did n't believe anything they found was specific to any one make or model , and as such did n't want to make it look as if this was a limited problem — it looks to be industry - wide .
The researchers ' dependence on physical access certainly reduces the scope of the attacks ( though thanks to the convenience of the OBD part , not beyond what a valet or disgruntled spouse could achieve ) , but there 's bad news on that front too : the researchers found that the wireless access to their car ( like many , it had integrated Bluetooth and similar capabilities ) was inadequately secure , and they could break in that way , too .
Figurative drive - by hacks where a system is exploited just by visiting a malicious webpage are commonplace .
With research like this , it looks like they might be taking a turn for the literal .
What a terrifying prospect .
At first you may feel nervous , sad , and restless .
Try to relax and understand that doing nothing does not mean that you 're being unproductive or irresponsible .
Keep in mind that you are doing this in order to clear your mind and ultimately extend your life so that you will have even more time .
In the end , setting time aside to recharge your batteries will make you more productive , creative , and more able to concentrate in the long run , and that 's very good for work , school , or other areas of your life .
