Postgres site will migrate to Django
One interesting tidbit from last night ’s PostgreSQL BOF session was the news that Postgres ’ site would be migrated to Django within the next year .
This came from Josh Berkus .
Postgres ’ site now is apparently generated from a bespoke PHP script mishmash .
Josh said that tasks like creating new forms was much harder than they ought to be .
So … they ’re moving it to Django .
Dell has expanded its data centre tool kit by snapping up Scalent , a supplier of data centre control and co-ordination software .
The software provides dynamic data centre infrastructure management , enabling data centre server , networking and storage assets to be managed , monitored and presented to IT users as a single set of assets .
Dell will integrate it into its Advanced Infrastructure Management product and so provide end - to - end automated provisioning of servers , storage and networking resources .
Scalent 's software works at a layer in the IT stack above the hypervisor layer ( VMware , Hyper - V , and Red Hat ) and the basic physical server , storage and network resources .
It supports block storage ( Fibre Channel and iSCSI SANs ) and NAS .
We can liken this software to an orchestral conductor .
Without a conductor the different sections of an orchestra ; the strings , brass , woodwind , etc , all play their own instruments and part of a symphony or concerto but not at the same speed , tone and volume .
It 's messy ; the audience does not hear the music as the composer intended .
A conductor provides the co-ordinating discipline so that all the parts of the orchestra play together and give the audience what it has paid for .
Similarly , with Dell integrating Scalent software technology , IT departments should be better able to orchestrate their Dell IT resources and present them more effectively and efficiently to users .
In a world of converging and virtualised data centre assets such software is essential .
It 's generally reckoned HP has the best overall vertically integrated product set with its BladeSystem Matrix set of servers , storage and networking , dynamic power management , and management software .
Other competitors in this area are the Cisco , EMC , and VMware trio
This acquisition can be seen in that context as Dell improves its ability to offer a better - run integrated vertical IT stack .
Scalent is a private company and it signed an OEM agreement with Dell in September last year , under which Dell supplies the Scalent software as V / OE .
It also has partnership relations with Cisco , EMC , and VMware plus Emulex and QLogic .
The acquisition terms were not disclosed . ®
Memory Improved By Saying Words Aloud
New study finds memory improved by vocalising or sub-vocalising words .
Committing words to memory is a notoriously hit - and - miss business .
Over the last forty years psychologists have found three methods which consistently improve memory for words :
Imagery : recall is aided by creating an image of what you want to remember .
Elaboration : thinking of associations helps anchor words in your mind .
Generation : memory is improved when you have to put some work in to generate the target .
E.g. guess the name of your favourite blog from this cryptic clue : _sy_log .
In research on trying to remember lists of words , these three methods have each produced memory improvements of 10 % over simply reading words once .
That might not sound much , but it is an average over many studies and often for things that are hard to remember .
Psychologists like testing people with non-words like ‘ trackle ’ or ‘ nosting ’ that could be words , but are n’t .
Speak it …
Now , in a new series of studies published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology : Learning , Memory , and Cognition , there ’s solid evidence for a fourth which could join the other big three memory enhancers ( MacLeod et al. , 2010 ) .
And , you ’ll be happy to hear , it ’s very , very simple .
It only involves saying the word you want to remember out loud to yourself .
It does n’t even seem to matter if you do n’t vocalise the word , it only has to be mouthed .
That ’s it .
According to MacLeod et al. , saying a word out loud , or at least mouthing it , improves memory by increasing its distinctiveness , i.e. making it unusual compared to others .
Across 8 experiments in which participants were asked to read and remember lists of both words and nonwords , the researchers found memory improvements sometimes greater than 10 % .
They also ruled out some alternative explanations , finding that improvements were not :
At the expense of unmouthed words .
The effect was all benefit for the mouthed words and did n’t decrease performance on unmouthed words .
A result of “ lazy reading ” of words read silently .
… but be selective
Of course just reading all the words out loud would destroy the effect because then there ’s nothing for words said out loud to be distinctive in comparison with .
It ’s only going to work when some words are said out loud compared with others not .
So if you ’re revising , or reading a report or a book and want to retain more of the important points , the key is to identify the right words and vocalise or sub-vocalise them .
This finding ties in with the general idea that we tend to remember people or things that stand out from the crowd .
One gentle reminder though : if you are spotted mouthing random words in public , it ’s you that will stand out from the crowd .
→ Continue reading : Memory and Recall : 10 Amazing Facts You Should Know
Image credit : Florian Seroussi
Surely You Must Be Joking , Mr. Mahajan !
The " Street - Fighting Mathematician " Answers Your Questions
We recently solicited your questions for Sanjoy Mahajan , author of Street - Fighting Mathematics .
As usual , you came up with some excellent questions , about everything from the methodology of educated guessing to Mahajan ’s business model ( the PDF of his book is available for free ) .
And Mahajan ’s answers are terrific — thorough , thoughtful , and even funny ( you can tell he likes Richard Feynman even before he says so ) .
By the end of this Q&A you ’ll know a bit more about the Gulf Oil spill , the economics of publishing , and the relationship between stair - climbing and eating jelly doughnuts .
Thanks to all of you for the questions and especially to Mahajan for the great answers .
Q .
How does one improve his ability to make educated guesses ?
Is it just something one is born with ?
– Bobby
In college I took a class where we figured out if we tend to overestimate or underestimate when we make an educated guess .
Then from that we were able to find out the percent that we tended to over or underestimate and theoretically this would lead us to make more accurate educated guesses .
Is this the same process you use ?
And is it the same one the book recommends to be a better educated guesser ?
– Brian
What are the most important factors that improve estimating ?
For example , I would assume simple geometry is one ( understanding area , volume , proportion ) , but what others are crucial ?
– Gary
A .
Talent , it now seems , is made rather than born .
That is the conclusion of a large body of research on world - class experts , from grandmaster chess players and concert pianists to championship golfers .
This research , the subject of a previous interview in this blog , “ The Science of Genius : A Q&A With Author David Shenk , ” represents one of the most exciting conclusions of psychology research — for it implies that we can dramatically increase our skill in many areas , including in educated guessing .
This research has identified a particular type of practice — deliberate practice — as essential for improving expertise .
In deliberate practice , one receives specific feedback on what to improve , whether through self - study or with a coach , and uses that feedback to make targeted improvements .
Deliberate practice is contrasted with the usual habits of practice , such as how I tried to improve at chess : I simply played lots of chess games , with the result that at age 41 I am hardly better at chess than at age 11 .
For educated guessing , a powerful type of deliberate practice is first to make educated guesses and then to check the intermediate steps in the calculation to find where in particular the estimates were most inaccurate .
Furthermore , in teaching educated guessing , I find that developing skill in it requires mastering a repertoire of reasoning tools , just as a carpenter masters a repertoire of physical tools .
Because the reasoning tools seem to be so important , I organize my teaching around the reasoning tools .
For applied mathematics , which is the focus of Street - Fighting Mathematics , the reasoning tools for getting quick answers are as follows : dimensional analysis , easy cases , lumping , pictorial proofs , successive approximation , and reasoning by analogy .
Science and engineering estimations are the subject of my next book , Street - Fighting Tools for Science and Engineering ; there I find nine tools to be particularly useful ( several of which overlap with those for mathematics ) .
Here is an example that illustrates the most important science - and - engineering estimation tool — divide - and - conquer reasoning — and shows how to build deliberate practice into one ’s thinking .
Suppose you want to estimate how much oil the U.S. consumes ( in barrels per year ) .
Without expertise in oil economics , a straight - off guess ( before making a detailed estimate ) is pretty much a wild guess .
My wild guess is that anywhere from 1 million to 1 trillion barrels per year sounds reasonable .
Now it ’s time to refine that wide estimate by using divide - and - conquer reasoning .
Here , I ’ll divide the estimate into two parts : ( 1 ) the amount of oil consumed by passenger vehicles ( cars , pickup trucks , SUVs , etc. ) ; and ( 2 ) the ratio of all oil consumption to passenger - vehicle consumption .
The final estimate is the product of these two estimates .
However , the first part is still too hard for me to guess accurately .
Thus , I refine it into simpler factors : ( 1 ) the number of passenger vehicles in the U.S ; ( 2 ) the miles each vehicle is driven per year ; ( 3 ) the typical gas mileage of a passenger vehicle ( miles per gallon ) ; and ( 4 ) the number of gallons in a barrel .
Here are my estimates for these four subparts :
The number of passenger vehicles in the United States : The U.S. population is 300 million , and maybe there is one vehicle per person , so there are probably 300 million ( passenger ) vehicles .
The miles each vehicle is driven per year : from looking for a used car many years ago , I remember that cars driven 10,000 miles per year or less were considered “ low mileage . ”
So I ’ll estimate that a typical passenger vehicle is driven 15,000 miles per year .
The typical gas mileage of a passenger vehicle ( miles per gallon ) : small cars get maybe 40 miles per gallon on the highway ; SUVs get maybe 15 miles per gallon .
I ’ll use 25 miles per gallon as a typical value .
The number of gallons in a barrel : I ’ll pretend ( to give a spot for deliberate practice later ) that I have no idea about this value , and I make a semi- wild guess of 500 gallons per barrel .
Having divided , I now hope to conquer by combining all the subestimates :
300 million vehicles * 15,000 miles / vehicle / year * 1 gallon /25 miles * 1 barrel /500 gallons = 360 million barrels per year ( for passenger vehicles ) .
I need one more estimate : the ratio of all oil consumption to passenger - vehicle consumption .
On the one hand , passenger vehicles are an important oil user , so the ratio should be near 1 .
On the other hand , I can think of many other important uses ( planes , trains , heating , electricity generation , fertilizer , and plastics ) , so the ratio should be much higher .
My compromise is that passenger vehicles use 50 percent of all oil consumed , so the ratio in question is 2 .
My final estimate for U.S. oil consumption is therefore 720 million barrels per year .
Now it ’s time to check the final estimate and , in order to apply deliberate practice , to check the intermediate steps .
The actual oil consumption is 19.5 million barrels per day , which is 7.2 billion barrels per year ( 2008 estimate , from the CIA World Factbook ) .
My estimate is very low — by a factor of 10 .
That error is too large for me , even with my low standards .
It ’s time to check the individual estimates in order to find out what went wrong .
The number of passenger vehicles is 254 million ( 2007 data , U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics ) .
My estimate of 300 million is too high but only by 20 percent .
The number of miles driven per vehicle per year is roughly 11,500 ( 2001 estimate , U.S. Department of Transportation , National Household Travel Survey ) .
My estimate of 15,000 is roughly 30 percent too high .
The typical gas mileage is roughly 20 miles per gallon ( 2007 data , U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics ) .
My estimate of 25 miles per gallon is high , but by only 20 percent .
Furthermore , this error compensates for a portion of the preceding errors .
That compensation is an additional benefit of divide - and - conquer reasoning : by splitting the problem into many parts , you give the various errors a chance to cancel each other .
The number of gallons per barrel is 42 .
My estimate ( really , guess ) of 500 gallons per barrel is far too high , by roughly a factor of 10 .
Aha , that explains the discrepancy between my estimate and the true oil consumption .
( My estimate of the ratio between all oil consumption and passenger - vehicle consumption turns out to be quite accurate . )
That is the specific feedback on where the estimation can be improved .
To use that feedback for deliberate practice , I ask myself , “ How could I estimate the volume of a barrel ? ”
Two methods come to mind .
First , I ’ve seen barrels of tar at roadside construction sites .
Perhaps they are oil barrels .
Their volume can be divided into three factors ( divide and conquer again ! ) : depth , width , and height .
These barrels are about 3 feet or 1 meter high .
Their width and depth are about 1.5 feet or 0.5 meters .
Thus , the volume is 1 meter * 0.5 meters * 0.5 meters ( pretending that the barrels are square instead of circular in cross section , which is equivalent to pretending that pi equals 4 ) .
The product comes to 0.25 cubic meters or 250 liters or roughly 65 gallons .
That estimate , although higher than the true value of 42 gallons , is a significant improvement over my guess of 500 gallons .
Here is the second method , which MIT students taught me :
Oil costs about about $ 80 per barrel , and gasoline costs about $ 2 per gallon , so a barrel contains about 40 gallons !
Q .
How many barrels of crude has been leaking into the Gulf of Mexico every day ?
– jimi
A .
I regret that I have no special knowledge of the rate at which oil has been spilling into the gulf , beyond what I read in the newspapers .
But the question brings up two issues applicable to estimation in general .
The first issue is rounding and accuracy .
In a natural - history museum , a guide was showing the visitors an ancient insect preserved in amber .
“ How old is that insect ? ” asked a visitor .
“ 1,000,007 years , ” said the guide .
How can the age be known so precisely , the visitors wondered .
“ Because it was 1 million years old when I started here 7 years ago . ”
Several early news reports about the spill had a similar flaw .
Some reported a flow estimate of 5,000 barrels per day .
However , other contemporaneous reports quoted the flow as 210,000 gallons per day .
Because a barrel ( of oil ) is 42 gallons , the two numbers are numerically equivalent .
However , they are psychologically different .
The gallons - per - day figure of 210,000 includes a second nonzero digit ( the “ 1 ” in the “ 21 ” ) , implying that it is based on quite accurate measurements .
The number 210,000 suggests an accuracy of a few percent .
In contrast , the 5,000 ( for barrels per day ) suggests merely that the “ 5 ” is somewhat reliable but promises little more .
The suggested accuracy is perhaps 20 percent — a much more plausible conclusion , especially as some current flow estimates range up to 50,000 barrels per day .
The second issue is how to make a quantity meaningful .
Quantities with dimensions ( such as dimensions of barrels or gallons per day ) are not meaningful in themselves .
Is 5,000 barrels a day large or small ?
It ’s hard to know .
Even harder to decide :
Is 210,000 gallons a day large or small ?
To make it almost impossible to decide , express the time in years :
Is 80 million gallons a year a large or a small amount ?
Because such quantities have dimensions , they do not receive a meaning until we compare them with a related quantity that has the same dimensions .
To that end , compare the 5,000 barrels a day ( or roughly 200,000 gallons per day ) with another famous oil spill , the Exxon Valdez in Prince William Sound , Alaska .
The supertanker spilled ( conservatively ) 11 million gallons of oil .
Call it 10 million gallons .
That means every 50 days ( or roughly 2 months ) , the Gulf receives another Exxon Valdez worth of oil .
( That comparison is based on using 5,000 barrels a day instead of current and usually higher flow estimates . )
Q .
What about the problem of bias in “ street math ” ?
It seems to me that rigor is the safeguard against bias hijacking estimates for manipulative ends —
I remember during the presidential campaign that estimates of Palin rally attendance became controversial along these lines of street estimates — and also , much more troubling , is the ‘ guesstimation ’ that went on in the financial industry , where the banks colluded with ratings agency guesstimates on securities which were rigged to overinflate prices , thereby exploiting investor bias during a boom time ( becoming blinded to the downside ) ?
– frankenduf
A .
Street - fighting reasoning can help develop financial judgment , a quality useful for spotting financial charlatans .
The street - fighting technique of “ easy cases ” can , for example , help estimate loan payments .
A key idea of easy - cases reasoning is to think about the extreme cases of a problem ; these cases are usually easiest to understand , and their analysis helps build intuitions and ways of thinking .
Among loans , one extreme is the short - term or zero-interest loan .
Near this extreme is a 10 - year loan at 6 percent annual interest .
( All loans are compounded monthly and repaid in equal monthly payments . )
For concreteness , imagine that the principal is $ 120,000 , in order to make the arithmetic easier .
The approximate , easy - cases reasoning is as follows : if the interest rate were zero ( the fully extreme case ) , the 120 payments would each be 1/120th of the principal , or $ 1,000 .
Even when the interest rate is not zero , but still small , the principal - only payment of $ 1,000 per month will be the main portion of the payment .
How can you tell whether the interest rate is small ?
Multiply the interest rate times the loan term and compare it to 100 percent .
Here , 6 percent per year times 10 years gives 60 percent , which is somewhat smaller than 1 , so the approximation that the payment is mostly principal is not too bad .
To improve the preceding zeroth approximation , estimate the interest .
In the zero-interest ( or all - principal ) approximation , the principal declines at a constant rate from $ 120,000 to $ 0 ; therefore , the average principal balance is $ 60,000 .
A 6 percent annual interest means a 0.5 percent monthly interest , and 0.5 percent of $ 60,000 is $ 300 .
Thus , the interest will be roughly $ 300 per month — making the total payment $ 1.300 per month .
( The actual payment is very close : $ 1,332 per month . )
The other extreme is the long - term loan ( or , if the principal is negative , an annuity ) .
For a loan near this extreme , consider the same principal of $ 120,000 but loaned at 12 percent annual interest for 30 years .
Now the interest rate times the loan term is 360 percent , significantly larger than the 100 percent border between the extremes .
In this extreme , the payments are mostly interest .
The monthly interest is 1 percent , so the monthly payment is 1 percent of $ 120,000 , or $ 1,200 .
This estimate is the zeroth approximation .
It is already quite accurate — the true payment is $ 1,234 per month .
For the next approximation , I ’ll just state the procedure without giving a proof .
Because the zeroth approximation accounted only for the interest , the correction should increase the payment .
The increase is estimated as follows :
Multiply the interest rate times the loan period .
Here , the result is 360 percent .
Convert it to a number by dividing it by 100 percent .
Here , the result is 3.6 .
Raise e ( the number 2.718 … ) to that number , and then take the reciprocal .
Here , that means computing 1/e ^3.6 , which is roughly 0.027 .
Convert that number to a percentage by multiplying it by 100 percent .
Here , the result is 2.7 percent .
Increase the interest - only estimate by this amount .
Here that gives $ 1,232 ( instead of the true payment of $ 1,234 ) .
This corrected estimate is extremely accurate !
As another example with a more realistic interest rate , imagine the same principal ( $ 120,000 ) loaned at 6 percent annual interest for 30 years ( a typical fixed - rate mortgage in the U.S. ) .
The interest - only payment estimate is $ 600 per month .
The interest rate times the loan period is 180 percent or 1.8 .
The reciprocal of e^1.8 is approximately 0.17 or 17 percent .
Thus , we increase the $ 600 per month by 17 percent , giving $ 702 .
Not bad :
The true payment is $ 720 .
Q .
Do authors pay you to advertise their books here ?
– Imad Qureshi
Please ballpark the amount of money you will make from this book .
Does the fact that it is available in several free , pre-publication forms online affect this amount , and if so by how much ?
Would making its final form available free electronically affect it further , and if so by how much ?
– Quin
How much revenue did you lose by having this incredible visibility moment without having an available Kindle or iPad book or other e-copy ?
How much of that is recoverable ?
– Sandy
A .
As far as I know , authors do not pay to have books featured here .
[ Ed. : No , they do n’t ; but thanks for the idea ! ]
Those decisions rightly belong with the editors , based on what they find interesting and think will interest readers .
The editors then ask a prospective author if he or she would answer questions about the book and related topics .
I was glad to do so .
I did not know whether it would increase sales , for the publisher and I have made the book ’s PDF file freely available .
You may wonder why we did such a crazy thing .
I am fortunate to have a job where I get paid to develop and share knowledge .
I find inspiration in these words of Thomas Jefferson : “ He who receives an idea from me , receives instruction himself without lessening mine ; as he who lights his taper at mine , receives light without darkening me . ” ( Letter to Isaac McPherson , 13 August 1813 . )
I therefore wanted Street - Fighting Mathematics to be freely available .
That required an open - minded publisher , for this mode of publishing entails risk .
Publishing includes fixed costs such as copy - editing , editorial work , typesetting , publicity , and setting up the printing press .
These costs are incurred even if no books are sold .
But what if everyone reads the book online without buying the printed version ?
The publisher loses its shirt !
MIT Press gladly agreed to take the risk .
They published the book , in print and online , under a Creative Commons NonCommercial ShareAlike license — the same license used by MIT ’s OpenCourseWare .
Roughly speaking , the license gives everyone permission to share verbatim or modified copies non-commercially .
Meanwhile , MIT
Press retains the commercial rights and sells a nicely printed and bound hard copy .
Using the Creative Commons license and thereby making the PDF file freely available may have cost revenue .
On the other hand , it may increase the book ’s visibility and increase revenue .
It also makes buyers of the print version more likely to be satisfied , because they can read it for free online ( and even print it if they choose ) and decide if it is what they are looking for .
MIT Press ’s risk was lessened by modern methods of typesetting .
In the old days , an author handed the publisher a hand - or typewritten manuscript .
The publisher turned the manuscript into page proofs .
The author corrected the proofs , and with luck all the corrections were correctly incorporated into the metal blocks of type , resulting in a typeset book .
The process was expensive , and mathematical text , called “ penalty copy , ” was especially expensive .
That process has changed greatly .
The entire book ( except for the cover ) was typeset by me , and I gave it to MIT Press as a PDF file .
They copy - edited it , I entered the changes into my files , and produced the final PDF file .
If I wanted page proofs , I just printed my PDF file .
Most of the typesetting expense has disappeared , and the typesetting is now often done entirely by the authors .
This development reduces the fixed costs of publishing , and makes it easier for a publisher to risk using a free license .
In my case , I typeset the book using ConTeXt , which is based on the TeX typesetting system .
TeX is one of the earliest pieces of free software .
I find it fitting that free software helped enable , at least in this case , the creation and distribution of freely available content .
Q .
I know this makes me a philistine , but of what value is pi over , say , establishing that pi is exactly 3.14 ?
That is , what would be lost or gained if instead of an endless number , we established that pi is this much and no more or less ?
Would our circles be clearly distorted ?
Would some mathematical principles tumble ?
– Wondering
A .
The numerical error in declaring pi to be 3.14 is small : about 0.05 percent .
To make that amount concrete , imagine a modified circle — one whose circumference is 3.14 ( instead of pi ) times its diameter .
To make this new kind of circle , snip out a tiny piece of a true circle .
If the modified circle ’s diameter is 6 inches ( 15 centimeters ) , the snipped segment measures one - quarter of a millimeter — the thickness of two or three sheets of paper .
Depending on the problem , this error may be small enough to ignore .
However , the conceptual problems with declaring pi to be 3.14 are more significant .
It would make mathematics inconsistent by using conflicting definitions of pi : ( 1 ) as the ratio of circumference to diameter ; and ( 2 ) as 3.14 exactly .
Every area of mathematics that uses pi ( differential equations , number theory , and much else ) would now be inconsistent and the formerly clean statements would become incorrect or ambiguous .
That said , in the first stage of almost any analysis , one can profitably use pi equals 3.14 or even more extreme approximations , including pi equals 3 .
Imagine that you have a sheet of regular paper to turn into a cylindrical cover for a pencil holder , and the pencil holder has a diameter of about 5 inches .
The approximation that pi equals 3 is enough to show that the 11 - inch - long sheet of paper cannot wrap around the pencil holder , because 3 * 5 inches = 15 inches .
Using more decimal places — for example , 3.1 or 3.14 — would n’t change the circumference enough to make the project possible .
Using approximations such as pi equals 3 or 3.14 ( or sometimes pi equals 4 or even 1 ! ) is very useful in the early stages of a project or analysis .
And that ’s the purpose of street - fighting reasoning methods — to help you start , for often that is the hardest part .
The motto : do n’t just stand there , estimate something .
Make enough assumptions to get started .
You can not lose by trying !
Q .
Enrico Fermi was famous for his ‘ back - of - the - envelope ’ calculations , including estimating the yield of nuclear bomb tests where he would drop torn paper and observe how far they were displaced .
So , my question : aside from chaotic and supercritical systems , are there any other areas in which mathematical guesstimates are not useful ?
– Lystraeus
These are Fermi questions — made famous by the physicist Enrico Fermi : one question he asked physics students was how many piano tuners are there in Chicago ?
He also estimated the blast from an atom bomb by how far some scraps of paper he threw up in the air were displaced from his observation point .
These are common types of questions in physics PhD qualifying exams .
Do you give Fermi any credit ?
– Dr J
A .
Fermi was a master of this kind of analysis .
The Nobel Prize - winning physicist Richard Feynman , who was himself a master of it , said ( in his book , Surely You ’re Joking , Mr. Feynman ! ) that Fermi was even better at it than he was .
How did Fermi become so skilled ?
Partly from the way he tried to understand physics .
In the years just following World War II , physics underwent huge changes , many due to the development of quantum electrodynamics .
Because Europe was physically devastated by the war , and because many of the leading physicists fled Europe for America , America became the scientific center of the world .
Leading centers in America included Berkeley and Caltech on the West Coast and Princeton and Harvard on the East Coast .
Conferences on both coasts meant lots of cross-country travel — which in those days meant taking the train or driving .
On those trips , Fermi would sit in the back of the car and think about physics .
He would pick one area of physics and review in his mind all that he understood about it , and try to figure out ways of thinking that made the results obvious .
Before the distractions of email , the Internet , and cell phones were invented , that meant days of concentration and deliberate practice ( for more on deliberate practice , see the above answer to the questions about improving one ’s educated guessing ) .
One area that is unsuitable for approximations is computing the small difference of large numbers .
Then , small errors in the large numbers turn into big changes in the difference .
For example , showing that energy is conserved — important in the development of physics — usually means finding the difference between the energy that goes in and the energy that goes out .
A slight error in either energy significantly changes their difference , and can change one ’s conclusions about energy conservation .
Q .
Does the cost of a precise calculation add commensurate value ?
– wild guess
A .
It depends !
If a rough calculation indicates that a project is likely to be feasible , then a more precise calculation is worth doing .
If the rough calculation indicates that the project is almost certainly infeasible , then a more precise calculation is probably wasted .
For example , if a first , rough estimate of the cost to build a new bridge across the Hudson River comes up with “ roughly $ 10 billion , give or take maybe a factor of 2 , ” yet the available funds are a few hundred million dollars , then there ’s little point in refining the estimates with a detailed business plan .
Q .
I work on the 7th floor .
How many additional calories will I expend if , for the next four years , I take the stairs instead of the elevator ?
– Jordan
A .
Time to estimate !
The energy required to raise an object — pretend it is me — to a height is the object ’s mass times the earth ’s gravitational strength ( “ g ” ) times the height .
My mass is 60 kilograms ; the strength of gravity is 10 meters per second ; and 7 floors is roughly 20 meters .
The required energy is their product , which is 12,000 Joules .
This energy is , however , just the mechanical energy .
Because the human “ engine ” is only about 25 % efficient ( internal - combustion engines are also about 25 % efficient ) , the total energy required is a factor of 4 greater : 48,000 Joules .
Each Calorie ( with a capital C ) is about 4,000 Joules , so the energy required to walk up the stairs is 12 Calories .
I could use this value to answer the question , but it would give me just a very large number of Calories , and I would not immediately know whether that number is large or small .
To make this energy more meaningful , I compare it against another relevant energy .
A useful estimation fact : a moderate - sized jelly doughnut provides 1 million Joules or about 250 Calories .
That would be enough to climb the stairs 20 times .
Thus , one jelly doughnut provides enough energy to climb the stairs ( every weekday ) for a month .
Equivalently , climbing the stairs for a month will burn off the Calories from one jelly donut .
The distinction between calories ( 1 calorie is roughly 4 Joules ) and Calories ( 1 Calorie is roughly 4,000 Joules ) is sometimes ignored .
The results are never pretty .
One Internet diet plan that I saw many years ago recommended eating all kinds of candy and sugar because walking just a short distance would burn away the calories .
The plan “ worked ” only because the computations of the energy provided by candy bars used Calories , whereas the computations of the energy required for walking used calories — and the distinction was ignored .
The bogus factor of 1,000 thereby gained made the diet look easy .
Over the weekend , Republican Senate candidate Sharon Angle told the founder of the Christian Coalition that her campaign was part of God ’s plan .
Angle is trying to build a wide coalition in Nevada between libertarian - leaning Tea Party supporters and social conservatives in an attempt to defeat Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
Conservative activist Ralph Reed asked Angle about her surging popularity in an interview posted to his website Tuesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ How do you explain all this ? ” Reed queried .
“ You ’re now a national story , are you kind of overwhelmed by it all ? ”
“ I believe that God has been in this from the beginning and because of that when he has a plan and a purpose for your life and you fit into that , what he calls you to he always equipped you for , ” said Angle .
The Huffington Post ‘s San Stein notes that Angle ’s religion has been more a part of her campaign than other Tea Party candidates .
“ She is devoutly pro-life , arguing against abortion in cases of rape and incest because ‘ God has a plan , ' ” reported Stein .
Christian Broadcasting Network ’s David Brody described Angle ’s effort to unseat Reid as a true “ David vs Goliath ” scenario .
“ I think the reason is a calling , ” she recently told a congregation at a church in Carson City , Nevada .
“ It ’s interesting how when you have God in your life that he directs your path . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Ralph Reed , uploaded to YouTube July July 13 , 2010 .
Nikki Araguz was the wife of Thomas Araguz II , a captain in the Wharton Volunteer fire deprartment who died earlier this monthfighting a blaze at a historic site .
Nikki is now being sued by Thomas ' mother and ex-wife , who claim he never knew that Nikki had been born a man .
Lawsuits in Wharton County claim that Nikki was born Justin Graham Purdue in California , and changed her name in 1996 as part of a sex - change process .
The El Campo Leader - News and Wharton Journal - Spectator broke the story .
The mother and ex-wife , with whom Nikki apparently had a tempestuous relationship , are seeking to stop the disbursement of any benefits following the death .
Thomas Araguz had been married to Heather Delgado and had two children with her before they divorced in 2008 .
He married Nikki Araguz later that year .
Nikki ran a magazine and ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Wharton while married to Thomas .
According to the newspapers :
The suit says Nikki Araguz legally changed her name Feb. 9 , 1996 from Justin Graham Purdue to Nikki Paige Purdue .
The suit includes a copy of the name - change request with the statement , " I , Justin Purdue , am a woman with male anatomy , working toward a sex change .
I have been living and working as a woman for over one year and seek to make my new name legal and permanent " included in the filing .
The suit says Texas " courts have held that someone who undergoes a sex change procedure remains as a matter of law , the same sex they were born as . "
A hearing is set for Friday .
CHICAGO – Two area construction unions – the Laborers ’ District Council of Chicago and Vicinity and the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 150 – have been on strike for weeks over wages and health care benefits .
The strike affects approximately 15,000 workers and has stalled dozens of projects leaving the future of hundreds of road and building plans throughout Chicago at stake .
One project includes a $ 95 million resurfacing of the Eisenhower Expressway , which runs west from Chicago , and an $ 87.7 million high school renovation project in the southwest suburb of Naperville .
Others involve the Stearns Road Bridge being built in Kane County , a parking lot at Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire and road resurfacing in Arlington Heights .
Officials say the strike affects about 300 Illinois Department of Transportation projects across the metropolitan region including others in 10 counties .
Union workers are seeking a total wage increase of 15 percent over three years to offset the rising cost of health care , union officials say .
The unions ’ three - year contracts expired May 31 .
Mid-America Regional Bargaining Association , which represents the construction companies , is offering a 3.25 percent hike over three years .
Union officials say they had no choice but to strike .
Workers are dealing with hours reduced from an average of 1,600 annually to 1,000 as well as unemployment among laborers and operating engineers .
Rising health care costs of 10 percent to 12 percent a year are hurting members , they note .
Local 150 President - Business Manager James M. Sweeney says the companies offer further supports the union ’s charges against the contractors for unfair labor practices .
“ They are simply not attempting to bargain in good faith , ” Sweeney told the Chicago Sun -Times .
“ We made ourselves available 24 hours a day .
The livelihoods of thousands of working men and women depend on these negotiations , and while we have made ourselves available , the employers are running out the back door or meetings , ” he said .
MARBA representatives say they are not seeking to reduce wages and are surprised that the workers would strike during the midst of an unstable economy .
The construction companies argue that funds are tight because of the economic downturn .
“ We are feeding 1,000 families a week with boxes of food , ” said Sweeney .
“ We are covering COBRA payments for 1,200 families who have lost health - care coverage .
We have spent millions upon millions of dollars to make sure that our members are provided for , so for them to insinuate that we are not aware of the economic conditions is insulting . ”
Sweeney ’s union said in a press release they plan to use its reserves to cover the approximate $ 150 million health care shortfall over the next three years caused by the reduction in hours worked .
“ Local 150 members took money out of their pockets to stabilize these funds last year , and now we are using our reserves , ” said Sweeney .
“ We have done our part , and we are asking employers to share the burden .
These funds are administered jointly by labor and management , so they have a responsibility as we do to ensure that these funds are stable . ”
Officials with the Illinois Department of Transportation worry that other unions may join the strike including the carpenters , cement masons and technical engineers .
Ed Maher , spokesman for Local 150 told Chicago Public Radio that union members want to get back to work as soon as possible .
“ But they do n’t want to do it at the cost of 30 years worth of bargaining , ” he said .
“ No body likes this strike .
A strike is never a first option .
But we ’re certainly not going to give up our health care without a fight , and certainly not to an organization that is n’t willing to negotiate with us . ”
Speaking to the Chicago Tribune , Maher adds , “ They forced our hand .
We ’re simply not going to get jerked around when we ’re worried about maintaining health care for more than 23,000 members . ”
Photo : View of Chicago ’s Dan Ryan Expressway during a two - year reconstruction project in April , 2007 .
( M. Spencer Green / AP )
Editor ’s Note :
This is an older post .
All of these dogs were adopted out .
Thanks !
These dogs are currently located at the Martinez California Animal Shelter near San Francisco .
If you are interested in any of the dogs listed or have any additional questions please email us here or call 510 - 709-6680 .
Please include your phone number so we can expedite things if you want to adopt .
As always , we do n’t have much time here .
These dogs are scheduled to be put down this week !
We realize the Dog Files is a national website .
So if you are n’t in the area , please do n’t think you ca n’t help save one of our dogs .
We will work with you to the best of our ability to get the dog you chose to you .
Please open your heart to a shelter dog in need !
There are many ways you can help if you are unable to adopt one of the pups .
1. Sharing this post on twitter , facebook , email , craigslist , everyone you know and to rescue groups and no-kills in your area .
2. Fostering a dog by taking one into your home ( and away certain death at the shelter ) and taking care of it while you ( with our help ) look for it ’s forever home .
3 . Donating a few dollars to the Dog Files so we can help get the dogs out of the high kill shelter and chip in for the medical treatment that might be necessary .
4 . Get the word out for people to follow the Dog Files on our Facebook Fan Page and Twitter !
Brad : ID # A609464 : DUE TO BE EUTHANIZED 7/14 !
( Below ) Hi , my name is Brad .
I ’m a handsome black and white Pit Bull Terrier mix .
Everyone says I ’m a mellow but fun guy !
The shelter thinks I ’m about 2 years and 1 month old , I ’m still young and really wish to find my forever home soon !
The volunteers always tells me how I ’m a good boy and how cute I am , but why am I still here ?
I heard them talking secretly that my time is almost up , that does not sound good .
I hope someone can come save me , I want to sleep in a warm home , play with other dogs , go on long walks , eat yummy food , and spend my time snuggled with my family .
Does that mean I ca n’t if my time runs out ?
Please save me !
Zak : ID # A531972 : DUE TO BE EUTHANIZED 7/14 !
( Below ) Hi !
Zak here !
I am a 2 year and 10 month old neutered male , gray and white Pit Bull Terrier mix .
I have been at the shelter since Jun 22 , 2010 but my time is running out !
I really enjoy walking and playing with the volunteers at the shelter .
I love to give kisses !
Even though I love the volunteers I sure do hate this place .
I wish I could find my own home soon .
I wish someone can adopt me soon , I ’m scared I ’ll run out of time before my family comes to adopt me .
I promise I ’ll be a good boy !
Please give me a home , I need you !
Lucky : ID # A613620 : DUE TO BE EUTHANIZED 7/13 !
( Below ) Hello my name is Lucky !
I am a handsome 4 year old , brown brindle and white Boxer mix .
I have been at the shelter since Jun 22 , 2010 and I really want to get out of here !
I wish my family will come back to get me .
I overheard the volunteers saying my time is up !
Please come save me !
I hate being in this place , I just want to be in a family !
Please make me the luckiest dog in the world and give me a second chance at life !
Paco : ID # A613841 : DUE TO BE EUTHANIZED 7/14 !
( Below ) Hi ladies !
My name is Paco and I am a 2 year old white and tan Chihuahua – Smooth Coated mix .
I do n’t like this so called shelter place , I wish I could take a nap on someone lap and just get pets all day long .
I love to play and be by your side .
I ’ve been at this shelter since Jun 23 , 2010 and I heard my time is up !
I do n’t like the sound of that !
I wish I had more time , my family is out there somewhere !
Yogi : ID # A614862 : DUE TO BE EUTHANIZED 7/13 !
( Below ) Hi !
I am Yogi and I am a 8 year old neutered male , white and brown Spaniel and Terrier .
I ’ve been at the shelter since Jun 29 , 2010 and my time is ticking fast !
I hate this place !
I wish someone could just come and get me out already !
I really want to sleep in a warm bed and not on the kennel floor .
It gets very scary at night , please get me out of here !
I ’m not as young as all the other dogs but I ’m still a puppy at heart , please give me a second chance !
I want to live !
A study released Thursday by the Rand Corporation claims that marijuana prices in a post - legalization California could drop by up to 80 percent , placing some of the most delicately cultivated buds in the world at less than $ 40 an ounce .
An initiative that would legalize California ’s most valuable cash crop will be on the state ’s Nov. 2010 ballot .
Should it pass , individual counties and municipalities would be able to opt in or out of the legalized system ; those which opt in would be given additional tax and enforcement options , and residents would be allowed to transport up to one ounce and grow plants in a five - foot - by - five - foot area .
ADVERTISEMENT
Similarly , State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D - San Francisco ) has been pushing forward with a bill that would legalize marijuana state - wide and place a $ 50 - per- ounce tax on all sales .
He estimated tax revenues on sales alone would come to $ 1.5 billion in the first year .
Rand researchers estimated a tax boon ranging from $ 650 million to $ 1.49 billion .
“ Past research provides solid evidence that marijuana consumption goes up when prices go down , but the magnitude of the consumption increase cannot be predicted because prices will fall to levels below those ever studied , ” a summary noted , citing Rand researchers .
“ We can not rule out increases of 50 % to 100 % or perhaps higher , but we just do n’t know , ” the study added .
The study also found that as potential per-ounce taxes increase , the likelihood of customers switching to higher - potency alternatives becomes greater .
It also said that a green - rush in California would spark price drops nation - wide and disrupt Mexican marijuana smuggling , which by most estimates accounts for the largest portion of the violent drug cartels ’ profits .
“ In only two countries have there been changes in the criminal status of supplying marijuana , ” Rand researchers added .
“ The Netherlands allows for sale of small amounts of marijuana ( 5 grams ) in licensed coffee shops and in Australia four jurisdictions have reduced the penalties for cultivation of a small number of marijuana plants to confiscation and a fine .
Neither has legalized larger - scale commercial cultivation of the sort California is considering . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Los Angeles Times added :
The report called “ Altered State ? ” is the most scholarly examination of the issue so far .
It is likely to be scrutinized and cited by both sides in the debate .
“ The uncertainty and the potential chaotic nature of what could happen here just totally derails this initiative , ” said Roger Salazar , the spokesman for Public Safety First , one of four opposition committees that plan to fight the initiative .
“ Outside of the prices going down there is nothing else that is certain here and certainly not worth having the state of California become the first entity in the world to completely legalize production and sales of marijuana . ”
Stephen Gutwillig , the California director of the Drug Policy Alliance , said : “ The current system is loaded with the certainty of mass arrest , racist enforcement and boondoggle law enforcement expenses to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars , ” he said .
A marijuana advocate contacted by the Times said that even if use of the drug skyrocketed 100 percent , it would simply be returning to rates of usage seen during the 1970s .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rand researchers also said that it is impossible to determine whether legalization will lead to more drugged driving arrests .
However , the Journal of Psychoactive Drugs reported in May that after a double - blind study of 85 drivers tested before and after smoking marijuana , “ no differences [ in motor control and response time ] were found ” .
The Rand Corporation , born out the U.S. Air Force following the Manhattan Project , is often cited by its critics as a thinktank that is cornerstone to America ’s post - World War II economic hegemony and core to the marriage of intellectual , scientific communities and the military - industrial complex .
The group bills itself as a non-partisan , non-profit policy analysis center .
Cristiano Ronaldo is unconcerned by his goal drought and says scoring is like getting ketchup out of a bottle .
Portugal star hoping for flow of goals this summer
Cristiano Ronaldo is not concerned by his goal drought and has described scoring to getting tomato ketchup out of a bottle .
The 25 - year - old Portugal star will lead his side out in their first World Cup game against the Ivory Coast but he did not score once in the qualifying campaign .
He will need to be firing on all cylinders if Portugal are going to get out of the so - called ' Group of Death ' , as Brazil also lie in wait for Carlos Queiroz 's men .
Ronaldo is confident he can perform in South Africa , and explained goals are like " ketchup - when it comes out ( of the bottle ) it all comes out at once .
" But I am not worried - I am just plugging away as usual .
God knows who is working hard and who is deserving .
I am perfectly calm .
" I want to turn in a great tournament and , who knows , be the best .
I will strive for that .
My ambition has always been to be the best . "
The Real Madrid star also revealed that it has taken him a while to get used to the new World Cup ball .
He added : " I 'm more used to it than I was two weeks ago .
I do n't think it will be a problem .
" We 've trained enough with it to get accustomed to it and I 'm sure the dribbles , the shots and the corners with it will all be fine . "
And Ronaldo also admitted he has a concern about the noise created by the vuvuzelas in the crowd .
" It is difficult for anyone on the pitch to concentrate , " he remarked .
" A lot of players do n't like them , but they are going to have to get used to them .
" Teams have done nothing but criticise the vuvuzelas , but you have to respect them .
" Hardly anyone likes them , but the people who do like them are those who like to blow the instruments and make a racket . "
We are very honored today to be featuring some fantastic artwork from a very multi talented artist “ Michel Victor ” .
Been awarded numerous Daily Deviations for his unique approach to illustration and animation we want to showcase his stunning work to our readers .
You may be asking , where is the animation ?
Clicking on one of the illustrations below will show you how these digital paintings can sing and move for you !
Please note that clicking on the preview below will take you to the full sized version and will also give you the opportunity to visit the artists full portfolio .
Please let us know which is your favourite in the comments below !
You can view Michel ’s full portfolio via deviantART .
Do n’t forget to watch and send a llama !
Digital Paintings
Itachi
Akina
Alacrity
Anne Marie
Kiss from a rose – Lineart by c85 – Digital Painting by MichelVictor
Arien Comission – Lineart by Comipa – Digital Painting by MichelVictor
Akina in Gas Station
Good Music
Animations are very famous and not because of the way they transform simple images but also because of the creativity that is involved .
Kaliza
Sleep at Work
Noctis
Landscapes
The Wind
The Last War
Traveling
Pyramid
We have been given full permission to showcase this art work .
On a side note , we are looking for some of your contributions !
Got something creative to share with the community ?
Now is the perfect time to get involved !
Learn more about Contributing .
Mr. Bashir is already shunned by numerous leaders from countries who recognize the court ’s jurisdiction  111 countries adhere to it  and while the leaders of many Arab and some African countries continue to meet with him , others have warded off visits by warning that as court members they are legally bound to arrest him .
As a result , Mr. Bashir has avoided a number of conferences and celebrations in Africa , Europe and the United States in the last two years .
Image President Omar Hassan al - Bashir of Sudan , during his inauguration in Khartoum in May .
His re-election was marred by allegations of fraud .
Credit ... Philip Dhil / European Pressphoto Agency
It was not clear when the arrest warrant was served .
The court disclosed the decision on Monday afternoon by posting it on the court ’s Web site .
The order said there were reasonable grounds to believe that security forces and militia under Mr. Bashir ’s command had attacked the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups of Darfur in ways that “ were calculated to bring about the physical destruction of part of those ethnic groups . ”
It cited torture , rape , the poisoning of water , expulsions and killings as part of what it called “ the genocidal policy . ”
The judges ’ new arrest warrant came as a vindication for the prosecution , which has spent more than a year seeking genocide charges against Mr. Bashir .
Judges in the court , the first permanent international criminal court , which opened its doors in 2002 , must endorse the prosecution ’s accusations .
It is the judges who then call for an arrest , an extra step in the rules to safeguard against a possible rogue prosecutor .
Last year , the judges turned down the prosecution ’s request to charge the president with genocide , saying that the evidence presented was insufficient .
But an appeals chamber called this “ an error of law , ” because the judges had sought far higher standards of proof than were required to order an arrest , and it asked them re-examine the application .
Powered by the sun , the plane that flew all day ... and all night in 26 - hour test
A solar - powered plane yesterday completed a record - breaking 26 - hour flight - paving the way for an aircraft that could potentially stay airborne for ever .
The Solar Impulse , which flies using four propeller engines powered by solar panels on its huge wings , landed in Switzerland after an epic flight .
It collects so much energy from the sun during the day that it can store electricity to power it through the night .
Engineers behind the experimental single - seat aircraft , which circled Swiss airspace yesterday , are planning to fly it over the Atlantic and eventually around the world , claiming : ' We are now on the verge of perpetual flight . '
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Pilot Andre Borschberg and his engineers on the ground cheered loudly as the plane clocked up 24 hours in the air shortly before 7 am Swiss time yesterday .
Former fighter pilot Mr Borschberg then flew back to Payerne airfield , south - west of Bern , and touched down at 9 am , 26 hours and nine minutes after he had taken off from the same runway .
It was the longest and highest flight in the history of solar aviation , and reached top speeds of 75 mph .
While he was airborne Mr Borschberg , 57 , had to use all his skill to avoid lowlevel turbulence and thermal winds over Switzerland 's mountains before enduring freezing conditions during the night .
He ended the test flight with a picture - perfect landing to cheers and whoops from hundreds of supporters on the ground as he eased the craft on to the runway .
Helpers rushed to stabilise the plane as it touched down to stop its massive wingspan scraping the ground and toppling over .
After touchdown Mr Borschberg said : ' It was unbelievable , success better than we expected .
We almost thought to make it longer .
' But we demonstrated what we wanted to demonstrate so they made me come back .
So here I am . '
' We achieved more than we wanted .
[ caption ]
' Everybody is extremely happy .
The night is quite long , so to see the first rays of dawn and the sun returning in the morning - that was a gift . '
The plane 's wings are covered with solar panels housing thousands of cells designed to collect the energy of the sun 's rays and power four electric motors driving wing - mounted propellers .
Clear blue skies meant the prototype aircraft could soak up plenty of solar energy as it flew over the Jura mountains to the west of the Swiss Alps .
But Mr Borschberg still kept within gliding range of his home runway and wore a parachute - just in case .
He began cruising at 9,850 ft ( 3,000 m ) in an attempt to avoid the turbulence and thermal winds that are frequent in the mountains .
He then took the Solar Impulse up to 27,900 ft ( 8,500 m ) by Wednesday evening , at which point a decision was made to continue through the night using solar power stored in its batteries .
The pilot slowly descended to 4,920 ft ( 1,500 m ) before midnight , where he stayed until his early - morning landing .
[ caption ]
The first 24 - hour test flight proves that the aircraft can collect enough energy from the sun during the day to stay aloft indefinitely , because the solar panels began collecting energy again at dawn , team co-founder Bertrand Piccard said .
' The goal of the project is to have a solar - powered plane flying day and night without fuel , ' he added .
After landing , Mr Borschberg embraced Mr Piccard before gingerly unstrapping himself from the bathtub - size cockpit in which he had spent more than a day .
' You land in a new era where people understand that with renewable energy you can do impossible things , ' Mr Piccard told the pilot .
The project co-founder , who completed the first non-stop circumnavigation of the globe in a balloon , the Breitling Orbiter III , in 1999 , said the next step will be an Atlantic crossing in a second , lighter prototype .
The team aims to fly around the world by 2012 .
Although the goal is to show that emissions - free air travel is possible , the team has said it does not see solar technology replacing conventional jet - powered planes any time soon .
Instead , the project is designed to test and promote new energy - efficient technologies .
The National Organization for Marriage and allies like Bishop Harry Jackson have been looking for some way to overturn marriage equality legislation that became law in the District earlier this year with overwhelming support from the city ’s elected leadership .
But NOM and Jackson have n’t been doing so well .
On the legal front , they were handed one more major defeat this week .
The DC Court of appeals rejected their claim that the Board of Elections and Ethics was wrong to prevent an anti-marriage initiative from going before voters , which the BOEE ruled would violate the city ’s Human Rights Act .
From a legal perspective , that leaves only the U.S. Supreme Court as a possible avenue for appeal , which Jackson ’s lawyers at the Alliance Defense Fund say they ’re “ strongly considering . ”
But NOM is not leaving things to the courts .
We ’ve reported that in recent months that the National Organization for Marriage has been pouring money into DC elections .
Turns out that was just a start .
Now they ’re planning an even bigger investment in DC politics .
In an email yesterday , NOM ’s Brian Brown took a break from bragging about the launch of his anti-equality bus tour across America to announce this :
Armando Galarraga
Is a True American Hero
And so is the umpire who blew the call in last night 's ( should have been ) perfect game .
Sometimes it takes the worst to bring out the best in us
Get a compelling long read and must - have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee !
As Phillies ’ fans continue to bask in the glow of Roy Halladay ’s perfect game , let me call your attention for a moment to another game that was almost perfect .
Because , as with life , more lessons can be learned by mistakes than perfection .
An important lesson was offered last night in Detroit .
Sports history was unfolding with the Tigers ’ Armando Galarraga pitching against the Cleveland Indians .
Great individual feats are always propped up by great team play , and that was the case last night in Detroit .
The Tigers were as flawless on the field as Galarraga was on the mound .
It was team perfection .
[ SIGNUP ]
Unfortunately first base umpire Jim Joyce was not perfect .
The 27thbatter , Cleveland ’s Jason Donald , hit a weak groundball to first baseman Miguel Cabrera .
He easily scooped it up and tossed it to Galarraga , who ran from the mound to cover first .
Perfection again — Galarraga easily got to first base before Donald .
The game would have set several records .
It would have been a record third perfect game thrown in the same year .
It would have been the fastest perfect game in history with the fewest number of pitches thrown .
In short , it would have been the “ most perfect ” of the perfect games .
It was n’t .
First base umpire Jim Joyce called Donald safe .
You can see the play by clicking here .
He blew the call .
And then something amazing happened .
Galarraga smiled .
He did n’t throw a tantrum .
He did n’t berate the umpire .
He went back to the mound and got the next batter out to end the game .
That simple smile began a domino effect of sportsmanship that somehow made the night even more important than if Joyce had made the right call .
A different kind of sports history was made .
After the game , Joyce watched the replay and started to cry .
He realized what everyone watching the game already knew .
Joyce then did something amazing himself .
He walked into the Tigers ’ locker room and made a tearful apology to the young pitcher .
The 28 - year - old Venezuelan then hugged the 54 - year - old veteran umpire and accepted the apology .
The media gathered around Galaragga ’s locker and he continued to smile .
He talked about Joyce and how bad he must have felt watching the replay .
At a moment when most athletes would be selfish and lash out , Galarraga was empathetic .
And he was right , Joyce was still in tears when he spoke to the media .
For the record , umpires almost never talk to the media after a game , especially after blowing a call .
But Joyce felt it was important to say on the record , “ I just cost that kid a perfect game . ”
Every Little League coach should show the tape of Galaragga ’s performance last night .
Not the performance during the game , the one after the game .
The class , empathy and understanding that nobody ’s perfect .
More importantly , Little League parents should watch the tape .
Galaragga said , “ This happen ’s every day .
We ’re only human .
We make mistakes . ”
Joyce should also be commended for admitting his mistake immediately and apologizing for it .
Think of how wonderful the world would be if we could all learn the simple lessons offered by Jim Joyce an Armando Galarraga last night .
One man admitted his mistake .
One man forgave him .
And they moved on .
And it all started with Galarraga ’s smile .
It was n’t a perfect game , but something more important happened in Detroit last night .
Galarraga would have been the 21stpitcher in Major League Baseball to pitch a perfect game if Jim Joyce made the right call .
Now Galarraga stands alone after an impeccable feat of restraint , forgiveness and human kindness that we can only hope will be repeated .
LARRY MENDTE writes for The Philly Post every Monday and Thursday .
See his video commentaries at wpix.com .
Oxford , England ( CNN ) --
Was last year 's financial crisis a chance event ?
Or was it the product of 35 million years of evolution ?
Laurie Santos ' research suggests that some of the bad choices made on Wall Street and in the mortgage business may have been deeply rooted in the basic nature of the human species .
Santos , a professor at Yale University , has been investigating the workings of a dangerous inconsistency in people 's attitudes to risk .
She spoke about it Wednesday at the TED Global conference in Oxford , a four - day event ending Friday where experts passionate about their work got the chance to give contrasting views of the future we all face .
Which would you do :
Accept a guaranteed gift of $ 500 or gamble by taking a risk on a coin toss that would give you $ 1,000 for heads -- and nothing for tails ?
Most people would play it safe and take the sure $ 500 , Santos said .
What if , instead of a gain , you faced a potential loss ?
Your choice would be to give up $ 500 for sure or take a risk on a coin toss that could cost you $ 1,000 if you lost -- or nothing if you won ?
Most people opt for taking the risk rather than playing it safe .
Using tokens as a form of money and grapes as prized products to be exchanged for the tokens , Santos has shown that capuchin monkeys make the same set of irrational choices -- taking more risk when they have something to lose than when they have something to gain .
" The errors we make are predictable , we make them again and again , " said Santos , explaining that she wants to learn " how a species as smart as we are " can make such persistent mistakes .
We can overcome our biological limitations , she said , but first we have to recognize what they are .
Adding to the pressure on the human species is the future we 're staring down .
Tim Jackson , professor of sustainable development at the University of Surrey , imagined the world in 2050 .
To keep greenhouse gases from reaching an unsustainably damaging level , the needed improvements in energy efficiency would have to occur at a pace 10 times faster than at any time in history .
And , Jackson said Thursday , the only times the world has made substantial improvements in reducing carbon emissions have been during recessions .
He views the world economy as built on an engine of growth that feeds the appetite of people in Western countries for novelty , for ever more consumer goods that impress others but that can only be purchased by creating more debt .
Even if we do n't want the products , we have to buy them -- or the economy crashes .
In what has probably been the most cited quote of the conference on Twitter , Jackson said , " We spend money we do n't have on things we do n't need to create impressions that wo n't last on people we do n't care about . "
Does that mean our choice boils down to this : Crash the economic system or trash the planet ?
Not exactly , according to Jackson .
The answer , he said , lies in creating socially responsible businesses and nonprofits that plow money back into " protecting and nurturing " the environment on which our future depends .
As an example , he cited ecosia.org , a search engine that says it allocates 80 percent of its search - related revenues to a rainforest protection project in the Amazon .
Santos and Jackson were by no means the only speakers at TED Global to suggest people make dumb choices but can overcome them by taking the right measures .
TED is a nonprofit that distributes " Ideas Worth Spreading " through its conferences and through more than 700 talks freely available at its web site .
[ CNN partners with TED to present one talk every Tuesday , along with added content . ]
Among the topics and speakers were :
Making the web really worldwide
Ethan Zuckerman , of the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University , showed that while the framework and theory of the internet is global , in reality , web traffic tends to stay within a user 's country and social networks are generally segregated .
We think we 're getting a wide view of the world by going online , but " most of the time we 're checking Boston Red Sox scores , " he said .
Since the most compelling problems in the world are global , it will take global solutions to fix them .
Zuckerman urges people to become xenophiles , people who take an active interest in other lands .
Watch Zuckerman 's talk at TED.com
A headset that reads your brain
Tan Le , the head of Emotiv Systems , demonstrated a headset that uses brain activity and facial expressions to control computers and other devices .
A volunteer was able to manipulate the image of a cube on a computer screen using the headset , and Le showed how facial expressions , such as a blink or a smile , could control the movement of a wheelchair .
Packaging material that biodegrades
Eben Bayer demonstrated an organic replacement for Styrofoam , which winds up taking huge amounts of space in landfills and contributes to the stream of waste in the Pacific and other bodies of water .
Bayer showed how fungi can be used to transform crop waste into recyclable packaging that blends back into the soil when it is discarded .
Aiming for a zero - waste supermarket
Chef Arthur Potts Dawson , who developed green restaurants in London , has now opened " The People 's Supermarket , " which aims to produce virtually no food waste .
He said food is one of the most wasteful industries in the world but that practices including composting and allowing diners to choose how big a portion they want can dramatically reduce waste .
" If we do n't stand up and make a difference and think about sustainable food , we will fail , " he said .
Are whales and dolphins wise ?
Marine wildlife researcher Toni Frohoff , who studies dolphins and whales , says the question should n't only be are these mammals intelligent ; she asks whether we should say they are wise .
They exhibit strong social behavior and reach out to humans , even though they 're often hunted and sometimes driven close to extermination .
She showed videos of a pair of free - ranging dolphins in the Bahamas rubbing pectoral fins to show affection , of a beluga whale in eastern Canada watching its reflection in a large camera lens , of an orca mimicking a person 's whistling sound , of a gray whale in the eastern Pacific that allowed people in a small boat to rub her newborn calf even though the mother bore a harpoon scar .
She also told the story of a pod of dolphins encircling a swimmer who was having difficulty in the water until human rescuers could come to her aid .
Online video is revolutionizing the world 's talent
TED curator Chris Anderson sketched the potential for online video to do for communication what the Gutenberg printing press did for writing .
Online video can drive " crowd- accelerated innovation " that elevates the work of emerging dancers , artists , teachers and thinkers , who can see what their peers are doing everywhere .
The rise of online video allows " the world 's talent to be shared , " Anderson said .
" Who 's the teacher ?
You 're the teacher ... capable of carrying all of us to a smarter , wiser place . "
NASA 's " Moonbase Alpha " allows up to six players to cooperate in saving a virtual lunar base from catastrophe .
NASAmay not be sending astronauts back to the moon anytime this decade , but thespace agency hopes to give virtual explorers a sense of what life on the moonwould be like in a new computer game launching this month .
Thegame , " Moonbase Alpha , " will allow players to work together in afuturistic lunar base .
It will be available for PC download from Valve 's Steamnetwork on July 6 .
Players must tackle the challenge of restoring oxygen flowand critical systems after a meteor strike cripples a solar array and lifesupport system .
Thiscomes as a precursor to NASA 's massively multiplayer online game , called " Astronaut : Moon , Mars & Beyond , " where players would take onastronaut roles , such as a roboticist , and explore virtual versionsof the moon and other extraterrestrial locations .
[ Video : Moonbase Alpha trailer ]
NASA and the game developers had debated about whether to keep the " MoonbaseAlpha " setting on a lunar base , after the cancellation of NASA ' sConstellation Program that aimed to return astronauts to the moon .
But they eventually decided to forge ahead with their original plans .
" Themoon 's not going anywhere , " said Daniel Laughlin , project manager for NASALearning Technologies at the agency 's Goddard Earth Science and TechnologyCenter in Maryland .
Agame of their own
Gamesthat recreate real space environments inside a user 's computer can entertaincasual gamers and perhaps spread the word about space exploration activities .
At least that 's the hope among NASA 's " Moonbase Alpha " designers , and the U.S. space agency is n't alone in trying to tap into that potential .
Consider : If paying $ 200,000 for a real - life suborbital spaceflight on a Virgin Galacticspace liner sounds like a hefty price , that ticket price still falls short ofthe $ 330,000 one gamer spent to buy a virtual space station in the online game " Entropia Universe . "
Thecompany behind " Entropia Universe " has since created a demo for the European Space Agency ( ESA ) to show how online gaming could promote spaceexploration .
Thedevelopers at MindArk used their " Entropia Universe " game engine tocreate a virtual base set on Jupiter ' smoon Europa .
Their scripted demo shows players cooperating on in - gamemissions , such as repairing a broken - down rover
" [ ESA ] was expecting a mock - up , but not a prototype , " said Christian Bjorkman , chief marketing officer for MindArk .
" But for us to create themock - up , we might as well create the environment and run around in it . "
ButJoachim Fuchs , a technical officer and system modeler at ESA , had also seenexamples of engineers holding collaborative work sessions in online games .
Hewondered if an online game could not only promote space exploration amonggamers , but also allow engineers to play out scenarios for future spacemissions .
" Thenext generation of engineers we 're going to get in this agency is going to havegrown up in a world dominated by [ gaming ] technologies and socialnetworks , " Fuchs told SPACE.com .
Toeducate or entertain
Massivelymultiplayer online games have attracted millions of players worldwide who arewilling to pay about $ 15 per month to run around a virtual world with thousandsof other people .
Researchers have even looked into using popular games such as " Worldof Warcraft " to encourage group learning among students .
Thatdoes n't mean NASA and ESA can simply cram knowledge down the throats of gamers .
Successful online games provide players with entertainment first and foremost ? a fact that both the U.S. and European space agencies have recognized .
NASAhas recruited the help of game developers such as Virtual Heroes , which createdthe free online game " America 's Army " for the U.S. Department of Defense .
The U.S. Army has dubbed the game its single most effectiverecruitment tool for reaching out to young people .
" America ' sArmy " works because most of it feels like any other action - oriented , shoot - 'em - upgame .
Yet it also immerses players in virtual Army training , such aslearning how to use different weapons on the firing ranges , or diagnosing andtreating virtual wounded soldiers .
Gamesthat advertise their intent to educate players and promote learning have faredless well , according to the MindArk developers .
They also emphasized the needto create a self - sustaining , profitable game that players would want to keepplaying .
" Theabsolute majority of these educational games have been a failure in terms ofattracting the interest and keeping it among the kids , " Bjorkmanexplained .
" This means that the fundamental criteria should always be tohave an entertainment base in which learning factors are built upon and addedto . "
Exploringthe virtual frontier
ESAconsidered many software and game developers to examine the idea of an onlinegame , but ultimately chose MindArk based on its success with " EntropiaUniverse . "
The commercial game allows players to pay real money for betterin - game guns or equipment , but players can also earn virtual game currency andthen cash out for real money .
MindArkalready offers commercial partners the choice of adding on new planets to " Entropia Universe , " making it easy to put together the Europa basedemo .
" Inthe ESA study our game developers could put together the prototype environmentin a short time and publish the finished ' game ' for ESA to access and evaluate ; it is actually still online , " Bjorkman said .
Thestudy suggested several game development scenarios for an ESA - themed game , depending on the space agency 's goals .
An online game with fewer players couldrepresent a more suitable choice for exploratory learning .
Another game couldreach out to more casual players through social media , but at the expense ofeducation .
ESAhas yet to decide on a full - fledged game , and has not signed any developers on .
But both ESA and MindArk representatives were enthusiastic about thepossibility of pushing forward .
" Increasing the awareness and knowledge about space are issues far too important NOT to beplayed out in a game , " the ESA study concludes .
Portugese magazine , Revista Grande Reportagem , ran a series of eight flag - related images in 2005 designed to provoke an awareness of life issues in different parts of the world .
The magazine had moved from being an independent magazine to being the weekend supplement for the daily national newspaper , DiÃ¡rio de NotÃ­cias .
USA .
Red is in favour of the war in Iraq .
White is against the war in Iraq .
Blue do n’t know where Iraq is .
Somalia .
Blue is women who endure genital mutilation .
White is women who do not endure genital mutilation .
China .
Red is working 14 year olds .
Yellow is studying 14 year olds .
Brazil .
Green live with less than 10 dollars a month .
Yellow live with less than 100 dollars a month .
Blue live with less than 1000 dollars a month .
White live with more than 100,000 dollars a month .
Angola .
Red is people infected by HIV .
Black is people infected by malaria .
Yellow is people with access to medical care .
Colombia .
Red is exportation of bananas .
Blue is exportation of coffee .
Yellow is exportation of cocaine .
Burkina Faso .
Children who die before completing one year of age .
Green is children who die before their third birthday .
Yellow is children who reach maturity .
EU ( European Union ) .
Blue is oil consumption .
Yellow is oil production .
Credits
The Bandeiras campaign was developed at Foote Cone & Belding , Lisbon , by creative director Luís Silva Dias and Duarte Pinheiro de Melo , copywriter Icaro Dória , and art director Joãn Roque .
The figures were gathered from sites such as amnistia.com and eurodat.com .
The Bandeiras campaign won the Epica D’Or ( Print ) for 2005 .
Steve King : Obama ' favors the black person '
Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) , well - known for his incendiary comments , has done it again .
During an appearance on G. Gordon Liddy ’s radio show this morning to discuss Arizona ’s immigration law , King suggested President Barack Obama was a racist and “ favors the black person ” while carrying out his presidential duties .
King also said that he was “ offended ” by both Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder .
“ When you look at this administration , I 'm offended by Eric Holder and the president also , their posture .
It looks like Eric Holder said that white people in America are cowards when it comes to race , ” said King .
“ And I do n't know what the basis of that is , but I 'm not a coward when it comes to that , and I 'm happy to talk about these things , and I think we should . ”
King added : “ But the president has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race — on the side that favors the black person . ”
The King quotes were circulated by the group politicalcorrection.org , a unit of Media Matters for America , a liberal organization that fights conservative media bias .
POLITICO has asked King for further explanation of his remarks and will post a response as soon as we receive it .
This is just the latest episode in a long line of comments by King bashing Obama .
Last month , King took to the House floor to slam Obama over the president ’s criticism of the Arizona immigration law .
King said Obama viewed political controversies through a racial viewpoint ..
According to King , “ it seems the president has an inclination to engage in these kinds of things .
When he had an Irish cop and a black professor , who did he side with ?
He jumped to a conclusion without having heard the facts , and he ended up having to have a beer summit . ”
In March 2008 , King said terrorists would be “ dancing in the streets ” if Obama won the presidency .
by Sunny Hundal
Well , you certainly could not accuse the tabloids of moving on from the past .
via @JonathanHaynes
Are they ever going to grow up ?
The Sun is n’t that bad , but the Star… ?
Ok good morning every one it is Saturday and its early for the last week or so Tammy and I have been hard at work getting a lot of things done with our business so that we can help you more with your struggles as you know a lot of what goes in to your business is advertising it and more advertising it .
However some times you will find yourself in a brain block as what to do next .
Some people believe that by writing a few blog posts and putting out a video here and there is enough .
However there are many other things to do to ensure your success in your business .
One of the biggest is training .
You must never take training for granted as to understanding the steps you need to keep doing to getting your business up and running .
One of the best ways to get training is tuning into the ten free daily calls .
These calls are vital to getting information that can take your business to its next level and beyond .
Many people ask well how do I get hook up with the Mentoring For Free training calls .
That ’s easy you download the free E- book Success in Ten Steps , by Michael Dlouhy .
Read it and then call Tammy Cowell she can then help you with the rest of the steps to getting the calls even send you some really helpful audio ’s from expert mentors who have been making MLM business a success for over 25 years giving people lives many people only dreamed of .
Do not worry about spending money on these things because at Mentoring For Free every thing we do from training people to one on one coaching calls are free .
Our goal is simply to help you become successful for a life time .
So what do the calls consist of many of you want to know ?
Well first in Mentoring For Free we never mention any company by name or product that ’s not what we are about .
We are totally generic as to how the training is done .
We teach people how to talk to other people and make long lasting relationships not just in business but in life time help as to getting people the success and tools they need to succeed .
Many of the calls are peoples own personal stories as to their struggles and victories in life and business .
I personally have gained so much insight as to the things I thought I was doing right and the things I now know hindered my business progress .
With Mentoring for free training calls and mentorship also the Free E- Book Success in Ten Steps , by Michael Dlouhy I have developed in myself the confidence I was lacking to help my business go further .
There are so many things that I now understand that I was doing that truly was a waste of my valuable time and efforts as to creating my business .
I am are sure you will have many of those moments once you start reading Success in Ten Steps .
You will definitely want to then start fresh with a new prospective as to where you are now and where you want to be in the future with your home business .
One of the biggest things I have seen is after all the advertising and the calls many people stop there and say
ok that ’s all I need to do .
The truth is and I will not say this lightly .
There is never enough you can do for your business .
There is and will be always things and people you can help with your home business .
However they do not in many ways know you can help them .
That is why it is also a good idea to keep your mind on studying every way to let others know that you are their and what your doing to not only enrich your life but also give them every opportunity to better their lives .
Some people say wow I started a home business so I would have more time with my family .
That is true for most of us and you will find you do have more time for your family .
The thing is you have to moderate that time and schedule .
When that time can happen working at home some times can be difficult because there are so many things going on around you .
However you must never let those things stop you or side track you from your goals in your daily business .
One thing I have learned is that there is a time for everything .
However if I am wasting time on something that is not building my business or truly important like internet browsing or yakking on the phone , then that is money wasted and both money and time are precious to me as too many of you I am sure .
If we all sat back and added up all the time we waste doing nothing that will better our lives we would really be shocked at the idea that in any given week most people waste 15 hours or more doing wasteful time consuming things .
That neither enrich or make them smarter better or grow in any way .
These things can range from watching TV playing Video games or just riding in a car going know where .
Now just think what those 15 hours could do for you if you solidly used them to build your business and help others build their business .
You could I dare say retire at a very young age .
It ’s all in the way you see and do things .
A business someone once said is like a happy puppy , if you show it a lot of love and feed it walk it and nurture it .
It will grow into a big happy lovable good dog that pays you back for your care and devotion .
However if you do nothing with it and tie it to a tree it will grow in to a dog that never pays you back with any affection or cares if you are around at all .
If you work your business it will grow and all the relationships you make will eventfully pay you back for the help and support you so willingly gave .
If you let other things get in your way and tie your business out and only work it when you feel like it or when it comes to mind you will never see it pay you back or have any true relationships built with people who can help you with your success .
So in closing with this blog post always keep your self working on your goals get the Mentoring for Free training calls follow the steps in the E - Book Success In Ten Steps by Michael Dlouhy and give Tammy Cowell a call to get the mentoring you and your business needs to become a success .
All of her information is the the sidebar .
Then never stop .
Keep going and we will be here every step of the way to help .
Please check out our links to the right .
Tammy & Mark Cowell
Convergencia , PRD y PT acuerdan que apoyar�n al mejor posicionado .
DIA pacta aspirantes comunes para elecciones de 2011
Viernes 16 de julio de 2010
Francisco Res�ndiz | El Universal
Rand Paul wins , and libertarians rejoice
Two years ago , Rand Paul was a harried campaign surrogate , trying desperately to get Republicans interested in supporting -- and big media interested in covering -- the quixotic presidential campaign of his father , Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Tex . ) .
Tonight , Rand Paul is the Republican Party 's nominee for the U.S. Senate in Kentucky , after clobbering former front - runner Trey Grayson .
Paul is set to carry even Boone County , where Grayson lives .
When the Associated Press called the race , Paul was winning by 22 points with about a third of precincts in .
How did this happen ?
Yes ,
Paul rode a wave of voter anger and tea party enthusiasm and won over Republican voters who wanted to register their disgust at the political establishment in both parties .
But a lot of candidates have tried to do that this year .
Paul got in early , and organized early .
I remember attending the Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot in April of 2009 and seeing , to my surprise , Paul volunteers working the crowd , getting signatures for him to make the ballot .
And I remember seeing Paul , in early interviews and debates , distance himself from the hard - line libertarian positions , like drug legalization and the war on terror , that soured Republican voters on his father .
Paul 's victory came after a year of smoothing over the difference between libertarians and conservatives .
His first TV ad stated opposition to the closing of the prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
He sought , and won , the endorsement of conservatives who are anathema to some libertarians -- Dr. James Dobson , Sarah Palin .
" His focus was on spending and business issues , " said Erick Erickson , the editor of RedState , who once banned Ron Paul backers from his website but endorsed his son in this race .
" He rarely delved into his civil libertarian views outside of the role of government .
And there was no compelling alternative to distract conservatives . "
In the process , however , he crossed a chasm with hard - core conservative voters that had been shrinking under President Obama .
They were ready to be convinced that a defender of the 10th Amendment and states ' rights was not a stealth opponent of abortion but a proud opponent of the Obama agenda .
And they were notably unimpressed by the endorsements of Bush - era Republicans , like Dick Cheney , Rick Santorum and Rudy Giuliani , for Trey Grayson .
I 'm reminded of George Will 's quip about Ronald Reagan 's 1980 presidential victory being a delayed win for Barry Goldwater .
Ron Paul won the GOP nomination in 2008 -- it just took two years to count the votes .
The organiser of the Love Parade festival , Rainer Schaller , has said the event will be discontinued in the future " out of respect " for those who lost their lives in yesterday 's stampede in which 19 people were killed .
Officials have launched an investigation into the disaster .
Mr Schaller said the event had always been a " joyful and peaceful party " in the past .
Head says pupil behaviour has become more boisterous because of the poor example players set during the tournament
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Football has been halted in a primary school playground amid concerns that children could be copying the poor behaviour of professional players that they witnessed during the World Cup .
Staff at Plymtree Church of England primary in Devon are worried the cynical fouls and bad behaviour that marred some games in South Africa might have rubbed off on children .
Headteacher Pat Fay said today she had been unimpressed by much of the behaviour she had seen during the World Cup , which culminated in an ugly , foul - dominated final between Holland and Spain .
" When I watched the World Cup , I thought that many of the players did not seem to be good role models for children , " she said .
" We are a Church of England school , and we very much value developing a caring attitude among our pupils .
We are a sporty school and have some very good footballers .
Whenever we play , I praise them for doing well – but also for good behaviour . "
Fay said it was " possible " the children 's behaviour while playing football had deteriorated because of what they saw during the World Cup .
All 83 pupils have been stopped from playing football on the very small playground at the school near Cullompton , during break and before and after lessons .
Fay said the children would still be allowed to play under supervision at a nearby field , but the playground was so small that boisterous , unsupervised games were becoming unsafe .
The move prompted a mixed response from parents and children .
Carpenter Dave Bunker , 44 , said : " I can see why football has been banned because we have got such a small playground that it can get a bit feisty .
" But when you have got all the boys wanting to play football , it becomes a difficult situation .
I feel for those boys because they just love the game .
" The final of the World Cup was just bully tactics .
When children see that , they naturally want to copy it .
The diving and fouling was abysmal . "
Parent governor Siddy Langley said the World Cup inspired children who would not normally play football to get involved .
" It brings out the sportsman in all of us , " she said , " so it possibly got a bit rowdier . "
That ’s the rate that people are releasing carbon to the atmosphere from fossil fuel combustion and deforestation today .
I know , it ’s apples and oranges ; carbon in the form of oil is more immediately toxic to the environment than it is as CO 2 ( although CO 2 may be more damaging on geologic time scales ) .
But think of it — five thousand spills like in the Gulf of Mexico , all going at once , each releasing 40,000 barrels a day , every day for decades and centuries on end .
We are burning a lot of carbon !
It sounds like a bad joke : A small brown bug that appears benign until you step on it .
Then it releases a nasty odor , a kind of aromatic flipping of the bird to the cruel world .
But there ’s really nothing funny about the Brown Marmorated Stink Bug , a species native to Asia that is making itself comfortable in New Jersey homes .
Related coverage :
• Home and Garden : Invasion of the stink bugs : Early fall is their season
• Home and Garden : Plant Talk : Report and remove invading stink bugs
" Outside , they ’re everywhere .
Inside , we remove one a day , " said Jack Ciattarelli , a Hillsborough resident who is the Somerset County freeholder director .
" I say remove , because we ’ve learned , the hard way , not to kill the little critters . "
First discovered in Allentown , Pa. , in 1996 , the nickle - sized bugs have invaded New Jersey and spread across the Eastern seaboard , annoying homeowners and creating havoc for farmers .
With no natural enemies , they are increasing in numbers and no formal defense has been found to combat them .
About two centimeters long with blue metallic spots and white antennae , the stink bugs seek shelter indoors in the fall .
Dormant in winter , they become a nuisance in the spring .
They are slow moving and noisy in flight , get caught in lamp shades and blinds and they flutter around ceilings , all in an effort to get outside .
Homeowners have learned the hard way how to handle them .
Blunt force is not recommended , since crushing the bugs ’ abdominal scent glands causes the stink .
A better defense is to plug in the vacuum .
The Brown Marmorated Stink Bug
Latin Name : Halyomorpha halys
What they look like : Shaped like a crest or a shield , can be up to 2 cm long with a brown body , bluish metallic spots and white antennae
First found in U.S. : Allentown , Pa. , in 1996
Prevention : Seal holes in exterior of home .
The professional application of a pesticide spray on exterior of home may also be an effective deterrent .
How to get rid of them : Vacuum them up or toweling them and flushing them down the toilet .
Crushing the bug will emit a strong odor .
" They do n’t do any damage , but they ’re a problem because they ’re not native .
It ’s typical with things like this .
They go through a population explosion because there ’s no control for them , " said George Hamilton , an entomologist at the Rutgers University ’s Pest Management Office .
" They have this nasty behavior where they congregate in large numbers and they go inside the houses in the fall . "
But they are a growing concern for farmers , Hamilton said .
Stink bugs enjoy the fruits of various flora .
They have been damaging crops as they spread south and west through the United States , he said .
In northwestern New Jersey , apple farmers have reported as much as 70 percent of their crop being damaged by the bothersome bugs over the last two year , Hamilton said .
Because they are new to the country , entomologists are still testing ways to control the bugs ’ population en masse .
" They ’ve really only taken a strong push through New Jersey in the last two years , " said Dan Bradbury of Viking Pest and Termite Control .
" We used to get a call here and there now it ’s multiple calls every day . "
Rutgers ’ Pest Management
Office recommends sealing holes in the foundation , siding and light fixtures of the home to prevent the bugs from getting inside .
Hamilton said stink bugs may be deterred by pesticide sprays applied by professional pest control companies to the exterior of a home , though the treatment is not guaranteed .
Once the bugs are indoors , however , the use of insecticides can be dangerous and is not recommended , according to Leonard Douglen , executive director of the New Jersey Pest Management Association .
" You do n’t want to be spraying insecticides inside a living environment , " he said .
Bradbury suggests flushing and vacuuming for best results , but he does n’t rule out the boot .
" I ’ve smelled them and I do n’t think it ’s that bad , " said Bradbury , whose chosen career suggests a higher tolerance for the ick factor .
" But I guess it ’s all up to interpretation . "
We must admit to being a tad perplexed by this post up at The White House blog : Affordable Housing in the Recovery Summer .
That 's right , apparently our central planners , in their infinite wisdom have decided that what the economy is really lacking right now is more cheap housing .
Here 's what Rosie Rios , the US Treasurer wrote :
Access to affordable housing is a challenge facing communities across the country .
But the Recovery Act is helping our nation meet that challenge head on by providing states with cash to help them finance low - income housing construction at a time when too many projects would otherwise be stalled .
These projects are helping revitalize communities through both the creation of new affordable housing developments and the tens of thousands of jobs being created to build them .
Yesterday , I joined D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty , officials from the D.C. office of Housing and Community Development , representatives of Vida Senior Residences – and even some of the building ’s future residents – to break ground on an affordable housing development made possible with more than $ 6.8 million in Recovery
Act funding .
When it ’s complete , The Vida Senior Residences at Brightwood in Washington , DC will provide 36 affordable apartments for low - income seniors .
And while it ’s under construction , this project will create an estimated 55 full - time construction jobs .
The majority of the funding for this Vida project came from an innovative program launched by the Treasury Department in May of 2009 .
Under section 1602 of the Recovery Act , Treasury provides payments in lieu of tax credits to state housing agencies to jumpstart the development or renovation of qualified affordable housing for families across the country .
To date , Treasury has awarded nearly $ 5.5 billion in section 1602 funds to state housing authorities in 49 states and five U.S. territories .
Upon receiving notice of these allocations , states manage a competitive process to make sub-awards and disburse funds to qualified developers .
In conjunction with this event , Treasury released a new report ( pdf ) yesterday showing that , through June 30 , states have awarded more than $ 4.1 billion in Recovery
Act funds to provide affordable housing , and that this funding has saved or created more than 80,000 jobs building or rehabilitating those housing units .
Mayor Fenty noted that , with support from Treasury and the Recovery Act , the District of Columbia has created 7,510 new units of affordable housing and preserved over 4,600 units since 2007 .
The Treasury report released yesterday also shows that state housing authorities have leveraged these sub-awards with financing from private investors and other federal programs to fund the construction or rehabilitation of more than 57,000 housing units – more than 53,000 of which are for low - income residents .
This Recovery
Act program is helping to not only create new jobs , but improve the long - term strength of our communities .
These are exactly the type of investments we need to make in order to continue the momentum of this recovery and lay the groundwork for future prosperity .
The problem in Afghanistan is n’t poor generalship , nor is it any uncertainty about the
basics of counterinsurgency doctrine by the US Army and the US Marines – they “ get it . ”
Better generals in Afghanistan will not solve the problem .
The recently relieved commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , was put in place because he was the better general of counterinsurgency , sent there to rescue the failed mission .
Now we ’ve placed our hopes in an even better general , his successor , Gen. David Petraeus .
But no one , no matter how brilliant , can achieve the impossible .
And the problem in Afghanistan is the impossibility of the mission .
The United States is pursuing a nation - building strategy with counterinsurgency tactics – that is , building a nation at the barrel end of a gun .
Might armed nation - building work
in Afghanistan ?
Sure , but history shows that it would take a very , very long time for a foreign occupying power to succeed .
Are we willing to commit to such a generational effort , not just for mere months or years ?
The US military tried to do nation - building in Vietnam with major combat forces from 1965 to 1972 .
It failed because that mission was impossible , too .
Muddled strategic thinking , however , caused Washington to commit to a major military effort in South Vietnam when its vital strategic interests did not demand such a maximalist effort .
The war was simply not winnable based on a moral and material cost that the American people were willing to pay .
Yet once Washington committed itself to Vietnam , it failed to see in the closing years that the war was lost .
Instead it doggedly pursued an irrelevant strategy that got thousands more US soldiers killed .
Afghanistan today eerily looks more and more like Vietnam .
Alternatives to nation - building
There are alternatives to nation - building in Afghanistan .
Columbia University scholar Austin Long recently offered an operational method that would reduce significantly the size of the US military in Afghanistan by transforming its mission from building up Afghan society to destroying and disabling Al Qaeda , along with limited training and advising to the Afghan military .
This smaller force would focus on the areas most likely to harbor potential links and alliances with Al Qaeda .
Unfortunately , Washington is caught in a cycle of thinking that sees each setback in the war in Afghanistan as a failure of the US military .
Such thinking tends to exacerbate bad policy .
Petraeus often used the phrase “ hard is not hopeless ” when referring to the challenges he faced in Iraq during the troop surge in 2007 .
To be sure , at the tactical level the values of persistence , positivism , and strength of will are essential qualities for an army and its leaders .
But at the level of strategy , where military operations should be linked to achieving policy objectives , sometimes the qualities of subtleness , reflection , and flexibility are needed .
A good strategist will recognize whether the military means are sufficient and proper to achieve the desired political ends .
President Obama has given the American military the mission of disrupting , dismantling , and defeating Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan so that it cannot carry out strikes against the US from those locations .
Contrary to common belief , this is a limited policy objective .
Yet US military leaders have embraced the president ’s limited objective expansively by attempting to reconstruct governments and reshape entire societies .
Here is a serious mismatch between a limited political objective and the method employed to achieve it .
History offers examples of policy objectives being matched with good military strategy .
In one of the most brilliant and far - sighted acts of statesmanship in the 20th century , French President Charles de Gaulle decided in 1961 to withdraw French troops from Algeria and grant that country its independence from French colonial rule .
De Gaulle ’s decision was anything but easy .
He faced stinging political and military criticism , doomsday predictions about the consequences of abandoning Algeria , and an attempted military coup .
Nonetheless , he recognized that staying in Algeria was destroying the French Army and dividing French society .
It had become an impossible mission for France .
Dangers of selective reflection
Afghanistan is to America in 2010 what Algeria was to the French in 1961 .
Yet instead of accepting the impossibility of nation - building in Afghanistan and adjusting accordingly , the US Army and the greater defense establishment continue to see the problem not in the impossibility of the mission but in its own inability to carry out the tactics of the mission on the ground .
The answer , the solution , the key to victory rests with us and what we do or do n’t do .
So the thinking goes :
If things do n’t progress accordingly , senior generals can be quickly removed for not applying correctly the proper principles of counterinsurgency and nation - building .
Or the Army can be labeled a failure due to its so - called institutional resistance to fighting irregular wars of counterinsurgency .
Such selective reflection – the kind that fails to question the premise of the mission – sets the stage for a future round of “ new and improved ” ( yet still futile ) effort :
The Army finds better methods for building schools and bridges in the flatlands of Kandahar or the mountains of the Hindu Kush , and with fresh generals supercharged with expert advice , it feels confident of success and even victory .
And then if success does n’t happen , the cycle kicks in again :
Blame the US military and its generals but then offer the hope that future success rests with us .
But imagine the possibility that the US Army and its generals at this point after eight years and more of counterinsurgency warfare in Iraq and Afghanistan actually do understand the basics of counterinsurgency and nation - building and are reasonably proficient at it on the ground in Afghanistan .
Then what ?
Where do analysts and experts and even military officers turn to place the blame for lack of progress in Afghanistan ?
By focusing on the American military and the promise of better tactical methods and generals , we neglect the true nature of the impossibility of nation - building at the barrel of a gun in the graveyard of empires .
Gian P. Gentile is a serving Army officer and has a PhD in history from Stanford University .
In 2006 , he commanded a combat battalion in West Baghdad .
Related links
UFO in China 's Skies Prompts Investigation
An investigation is underway to determine the source of the mysterious object .
BEIJING , July 14 , 2010 --
An unidentified flying object ( UFO ) forced Xiaoshan Airport in Hangzhou , China to cease operations on July 7 .
A flight crew preparing for descent first detected the object around 8:40 p.m. and notified the air traffic control department .
Aviation authorities responded within minutes , grounding outbound flights and diverting inbound ones to airports in Ningbo and Wuxi .
Eighteen flights were affected .
Though normal operations resumed an hour later , the incident captured the attention of the Chinese media and sparked a firestorm of speculation on the UFO 's identity .
" It is a hidden U.S. bomber flying toward China , " one Internet user wrote on Monday .
Another wrote on Sunday night , " In my opinion , the UFO is neither a U.S. missile nor a Russian satellite .
Suggestions that it is extraterrestrial are even more preposterous .
Everyone , use your head .
This is clearly a man-made phenomenon .
Would the U.S. or Russia risk provoking China 's anger by firing a missile or satellite rocket in Chinese skies , without warning ?
I believe the Chinese military is responsible for the UFO .
It is a new missile or aircraft being tested out . "
Fueling speculations further , Hangzhou residents released photos , taken in the afternoon before the delays , of a hovering object bathed in golden light and exhibiting a comet - like tail .
Less than an hour before the Xiaoshan airport shut down , residents said they also saw a flying object emitting red and white rays of light .
Resident Ma Shijun was taking a nighttime stroll with his wife when he saw the object .
" I felt a beam of light over my head .
Looking up , I saw a streak of bright , white light flying across the sky , so I picked up the camera and took the photo .
The time was 8:26 p.m.
However , whether the object was a plane , or whether it was Xiaoshan Airport 's UFO , I do n't have a clear answer , " Ma told the Xinhua news agency .
The photos taken by Hangzhou residents may be unrelated to the UFO that shut down Xiaoshan Airport .
According to Hangzhou meteorological authorities , residents in the afternoon probably saw light reflecting off of an airplane .
As for Ma 's nighttime photo , Beijing Planetarium curator Zhu Jing told Xinhua that the object looks just like a plane shining its strobe lamps .
Investigating the Phenomenon
For now , the UFO 's identity remains shrouded in mystery .
A spokesman from the Civil Aviation Administration of China ( CAAC ) confirmed to ABC News that the matter is under investigation .
He declined to disclose further details .
A day after the sighting , however , an anonymous source told China Daily that authorities already discovered the identity of the UFO after an investigation but could not publically disclose the information because " there was a military connection . "
An official explanation is expected to be released on Friday , the source said .
Today , five researchers from the Beijing UFO Research Society and the Shanghai UFO Investigative Research Center traveled to Hangzhou to study the phenomenon .
" We have several places to visit on our agenda , including the Xiaoshan Airport and the CAAC East China Regional Administration , " the director of the Shanghai UFO Investigative Research Center , Lou Jinhong , told ABC News .
" I cannot offer an opinion on this case , because we have not yet collected all the relevant documents and data .
It 's not clear how long the investigation will take . "
The Hangzhou incident comes after a string of recent UFO sightings in China .
On June 30 , residents in Xinjiang province saw a flying object bathed in a fan of white light .
Sightings have also been reported in Hunan , Shandong and Jiangsu provinces .
New York , NY , June 23 , 2010 -- Despite having the most expensive health care system , the United States ranks last overall compared to six other industrialized countries -- Australia , Canada , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom - - on measures of health system performance in five areas : quality , efficiency , access to care , equity and the ability to lead long , healthy , productive lives , according to a new Commonwealth Fund report .
While there is room for improvement in every country , the U.S. stands out for not getting good value for its health care dollars , ranking last despite spending $ 7,290 per capita on health care in 2007 compared to the $ 3,837 spent per capita in the Netherlands , which ranked first overall .
Provisions in the Affordable Care Act that could extend health insurance coverage to 32 million uninsured Americans have the potential to promote improvements to the United States ' standing when it comes to access to care and equity , according to Mirror Mirror On The Wall : How the Performance of the U.S. Health Care System Compares Internationally 2010 Update , by Commonwealth Fund researchers Karen Davis , Cathy Schoen , and Kristof Stremikis .
The United States ' low marks in the quality and efficiency dimensions demonstrate the need to quickly implement provisions in the new health reform law and stimulus legislation that focus on realigning incentives to reward higher quality and greater value , investment in preventive care , and expanding the use of health information technology .
" It is disappointing , but not surprising that , despite our significant investment in health care , the U.S. continues to lag behind other countries , " said Commonwealth Fund President and lead author Karen Davis .
" With enactment of the Affordable Care Act , however , we have entered a new era in American health care .
We will begin strengthening primary care and investing in health information technology and quality improvement , ensuring that all Americans can obtain access to high quality , efficient health care . "
Earlier editions of the report , produced in 2004 , 2006 , and 2007 , showed similar results .
This year 's version incorporates data from patient and physician surveys conducted in seven countries in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
Key findings include :
On measures of quality the United States ranked 6th out of 7 countries .
On two of four measures of quality -- effective care and patient - centered care -- the U.S. ranks in the middle ( 4th out of 7 countries ) .
However , the U.S. ranks last when it comes to providing safe care , and next to last on coordinated care .
U.S. patients with chronic conditions are the most likely to report being given the wrong medication or the wrong dose of their medication , and experiencing delays in being notified about an abnormal test result .
On measures of efficiency , the U.S ranked last due to low marks when it comes to spending on administrative costs , use of information technology , re-hospitalization , and duplicative medical testing .
Nineteen percent of U.S. adults with chronic conditions reported they visited an emergency department for a condition that could have been treated by a regular doctor , had one been available , more than three times the rate of patients in Germany or the Netherlands ( 6 % ) .
On measures of access to care , people in the U.S. have the hardest time affording the health care they need -- with the U.S. ranking last on every measure of cost - related access problems .
For example , 54 percent of adults with chronic conditions reported problems getting a recommended test , treatment or follow - up care because of cost .
In the Netherlands , which ranked first on this measure , only 7 percent of adults with chronic conditions reported this problem .
On measures of healthy lives , the U.S. does poorly , ranking last when it comes to infant mortality and deaths before age 75 that were potentially preventable with timely access to effective health care , and second to last on healthy life expectancy at age 60 .
On measures of equity , the U.S. ranks last .
Among adults with chronic conditions almost half ( 45 % ) with below average incomes in the U.S. reported they went without needed care in the past year because of costs , compared with just 4 percent in the Netherlands .
Lower - income U.S. adults with chronic conditions were significantly more likely than those in the six other countries surveyed to report not going to the doctor when they 're sick , not filling a prescription , or not getting recommended follow - up care because of costs .
Methodology
Data are drawn from the Commonwealth Fund 2007 International Health Policy Survey , conducted by telephone in Australia , Canada , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , and the United States ; the 2008 International Health Policy Survey of Sicker Adults , conducted in the same seven countries plus France ; the Commonwealth Fund 2009 International Health Policy Survey of Primary Care Physicians , conducted in the same eight countries plus Italy , Norway , and Sweden ; the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Health Data 2009 ; and World Health Organization mortality and population statistics for 2002 - 03 .
The 2007 Commonwealth Fund survey focuses on the primary care experiences of nationally representative samples of adults ages 18 and older in the seven countries .
The 2008 survey targets a representative sample of " sicker adults , " defined as those who rated their health status as fair or poor , had a serious illness in the past two years , had been hospitalized for something other than a normal delivery , or had undergone major surgery in the past two years .
The 2009 survey looks at the experiences of primary care physicians .
###
The Commonwealth Fund is a private foundation supporting independent research on health policy reform and a high performance health system .
Make your business website visible to million of international customers
We have been doing this for years and yes we have had success stories with our customers .
We do offer multiple levels of translation quality , play the video on the right to see how you can start
Something 's happened to America , and it is n't good .
It 's become easier to get into trouble .
We 've become a nation of a million rules .
Not the kind of bottom - up rules that people generate through voluntary associations .
Those are fine .
I mean imposed , top - down rules formed in the brains of meddling bureaucrats who think they know better than we how to manage our lives .
Cross them , and we are in trouble .
The National Marine Fishery Service ( NMFS ) received an anonymous fax that a seafood shipment to Alabama from David McNab contained " undersized lobster tails " and was improperly packed in clear plastic bags , rather than the cardboard boxes allegedly required under Honduran law .
When the $ 4 million shipment arrived , NMFS agents seized it .
McNab served eight years in prison , even though the Honduran government informed the court that the regulation requiring cardboard boxes had been repealed .
How about this one ?
Four kindergartners — yes , 5 - year - old boys — played cops and robbers at Wilson Elementary in New Jersey .
One yelled : " Boom !
I have a bazooka , and I want to shoot you . "
He did not , of course , have a bazooka .
Nevertheless , all four boys were suspended from school for three days for " making threats , " a violation of their school district 's zero - tolerance policy .
School Principal Georgia Baumann said , " We can not take any of these statements in a light manner . "
District Superintendent William Bauer said : " This is a no-tolerance policy .
We 're very firm on weapons and threats . "
Give me a break .
These are just some of the stories featured in a new book , " One Nation Under Arrest . "
I 'll discuss more on my Fox Business show Thursday night .
Here 's another : Ansche Hedgepeth , 12 , committed this heinous crime :
She left school in Washington , D.C. , entered a Metrorail station to head home , and ate a French fry .
An undercover officer arrested her , confiscating her jacket , backpack , and shoelaces .
She was handcuffed and taken to the Juvenile Processing Center .
Only after three hours in custody was the 12 - year - old released into her mother 's custody .
The chief of Metro Transit Police said : " We really do believe in zero tolerance .
Anyone taken into custody has to be handcuffed for officer safety . "
She was sentenced to community service and now carries an arrest record .
Washington 's Metro has since rescinded its zero - tolerance policy .
Keith John Sampson , a student - employee at Indiana - Purdue University Indianapolis , had the temerity to read " Notre Dame Versus the Klan : How the Fighting Irish Defeated the Ku Klux Klan " during breaks on the job .
One student complained because the book 's cover depicted the Klan .
The university then found Sampson guilty of racial harassment !
Thankfully , a great organization , the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) , came to his defense and got his school record cleared .
Palo Alto , Calif. , ordered Kay Leibrand , a grandmother , to lower her carefully trimmed hedges .
Leibrand argued that no one 's vision was obstructed and asked the code officer to take a look .
He refused .
Then the city dispatched two police officers .
They arrested her , loaded her into a patrol car in front of her neighbors , and hauled her down to the station .
In 2001 , honor student Lindsay Brown parked her car in the wrong spot at her high school .
A county police officer looked inside and saw a kitchen knife — a butter knife with a rounded tip .
Because Lindsay was on school property , she had violated the zero - tolerance policy for knives .
Lindsay was arrested , handcuffed , and hauled off to county jail where she spent nine hours on a felony weapons possession charge .
School Principal Fred Bode told a local paper , " A weapon is a weapon . "
Congress creates , on average , one new crime every week .
Federal agencies create thousands more — so many , in fact that the Congressional Research Service itself said that merely counting them would be impossible .
This is a bad trend .
As Lao Tsu said , " The more laws and order are made prominent , the more thieves and robbers there will be . "
John Stossel is host of " Stossel " on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of " Give Me a Break " and of " Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity . "
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at www.johnstossel.com.
© Creators Syndicate Inc .
The state is now warning us all not to be dependent on it for old age , because it cannot afford to look after us .
That means you are encouraged to pay for your retirement yourself .
But how ?
If you save money in a bank , you receive interest rates of 0.5 per cent , before tax .
And now , if you make an investment in property or shares , half of the gain will be taken in CGT .
If the rainbow flavors of the Tea Party feature a common taste , it ’s that of fiscally restrained government — and the anti-Washington and pro-state fervor that comes along with it .
Not coincidentally , that was the overwhelming theme of the Republican Party of Texas ’ recent convention , setting the tone — as the Democrats did in their state gathering — for the November general election .
Gov. Rick Perry railed against the “ shameful excesses ” of Washington in his opening address .
U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , a keynote speaker , praised a limited government that acts within its “ jurisdictional boundaries ” and excoriated the “ unlimited credit card people ” that make up the “ cabal ” of the nation ’s Democratic leadership .
And Attorney General Greg Abbott 's constant assurances that he was defending the state ’s rights against the overreach of the federal government were characteristic of all the statewide officials ’ nods toward the Constitution and states ’ rights .
Does all this rhetoric mean the Tea Party ’s growing influence within the state GOP has initiated a shift in focus from social to fiscal issues ?
It ’s easy to read the ascendancy of Steve Munisteri as party chairman as a token of that movement .
Munisteri campaigned on his business bona fides and the contemptible state of the party ’s finances .
Cathie Adams , a former leader of the Eagle Forum and Perry favorite who came of age politically prior to the Tea Party ’s insurgency , is known for her ferocious social conservatism , not her fiscal know - how .
Debra Medina , the self - appointed flag - bearer of grassroots conservatism who has a history of scrapes with state party leadership — and of alliance with U.S. Rep .
Ron Paul , the former libertarian presidential candidate and a hero to some Tea Partiers — is claiming Adams ’ defeat as part of her legacy .
Still , Munisteri ’s victory was as much about organization as it was ideology .
His supporters were visible and vocal at the convention , swarming the place in their “ STEVE ” shirts and rising early Saturday morning to distribute campaign swag .
They were also youthful , a telling characteristic that amplified perception that Adams was n’t receptive to the concerns of young Republicans .
If there is a tidal change under way , it ’s not one completely dominated by an increased focus on fiscal issues .
Immigration continues to be a flashpoint , and the far right wing of the party won that war in the platform committee .
The 2010 platform includes a plank that calls for the adoption of an Arizona - style law that would require local police to check legal residency when making arrests , even as Perry has said such a law would not be right for Texas .
Antagonism at the convention toward Speaker of the House Joe Straus , who grapples with accusations of RINO - ism ( Republican In Name Only ) from far - right elements of the party , concentrated on his perceived weak stance on life issues .
( A resolution that was drafted calling for his removal as speaker and accompanied by a letter from David Barton , a former party vice chairman and current WallBuilders activist , also cited his appearances at fundraisers for Democrats .
It also went absolutely nowhere at the convention . )
All this could reflect an absorption into mainstream Republicanism of the Tea - fueled anti-incumbency rancor that claimed state Reps .
Tommy Merritt , R - Longview , and Delwin Jones , R - Lubbock , in GOP primaries in March .
The first indication of what the army of Republicans that descended on Dallas took away with them might be the outcome of the special election runoff between David Sibley and Brian Birdwell in SD - 22 .
Sibley , who earned 45 percent of the vote to Birdwell ’s 37 percent in the first round of that special election , used to represent the district and has been lobbying in Austin ever since leaving office .
Birdwell , a Christian motivational speaker who was injured in the 9/11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon , plays well with the Tea - sipping crowd — and his supporters were out in throngs at the convention .
And Birdwell won the election handily , knocking off the former incumbent with 58 percent of the vote .
But Republicans will surely do their best to ensure these internal machinations stay just that — internal — and do n’t become an issue in November .
As Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , a former head of the national GOP , urged the crowd : " We can not forget unity because some people will let purity be the enemy of unity .
It ’s a big party , and we need everybody who is on our side . "
It never ceases to amaze me how much better at this Sony is .
This is something Microsoft does n’t understand well , to the extent they understand it at all , and before I continue here I want to establish something up front .
What you and I are doing right now is looking directly at each company ’s character sheet : we ’re running assessments based on expressed and abstract capabilities .
Sony is better at the game of games than Microsoft is .
They ’re better at projecting the information they want you to know , and pruning the rest .
For example : Kinect leverages ten to fifteen percent of the 360 ’s processing power .
How much does does the Move use ?
Anybody ?
Playstation Plus exists because running a free service might be good PR , but it ’s terrible business , and there ’s point where the cost and the benefit no longer intersect .
Seven years ago , in the searing magma tubes beneath Redmond , Microsoft determined that multiplayer needed to be made a service in order to compel subscribers .
On a platform with its share of controversy , sequestering what was once an inherent function is a decision that still nettles .
Sony has an inexorable advance in its “ free multiplayer ” offering , a maneuver that ca n’t help but gain ground in the long term .
If you want to know why Electronic Arts has apparently sworn them a life debt , this is it : at three hundred dollars , the value comparison ( both annually and at time of purchase ) is bullet - proof .
Playstation Plus , by comparison , is less coherent .
It ’s “ premium ” in the classic sense , that is to say , a luxury - the basic service may be elemental , but it ’s complete .
Plus is about paying for things you may or may not want .
You pay for access to “ free games ” you dont own , or you ’re renting them I guess , and then if you stop paying your game turns back into a pumpkin .
( This is n’t to say that it wo n’t work , necessarily : it just does n’t work on me .
I can recall coming home from junior high one day , opening the refrigerator to drink milk in a wholly unauthorized fashion , and finding that a shelf and a half of the device had been turned over to phalanx upon phalanx of Yoplait Strawberry Yogurt .
I asked my father why he had done this , and he cocked his head as though I ’d just vomited up a gallon of alien phonemes .
To him , it was the most obvious thing in the universe .
He had purchased the yogurt because the yogurt was on sale . )
This said , try to imagine the ardent Playstation enthusiast who does n’t already own games like Wipeout HD or inFamous .
Does that person exist ?
( CW ) TB out .
( instrumental )
Mohseni recalls that Karzai said , “ ‘ You better fix up your TV station ! ’ ”
“ When you fix your cabinet , I ’ll fix my TV station , ” Mohseni said .
“ Your TV station should be easier ! ” Karzai said , sardonically , which elicited the first smiles of the meeting .
Zaid and the Tolo employees were released .
“ It was a good lesson for us about how vulnerable we were , ” Mohseni says today .
Still , Freston worries that Mohseni can be reckless : “ He treats his personal security almost too casually . ” Sarah Takesh , his Iranian - born third wife , whom he married in 2007 , worries about his safety .
“ The odds of something happening to him are high , ” she says .
Other TV and radio outlets in Afghanistan have also put themselves at risk by reporting on official corruption and the mistreatment of women .
Media Watch Afghanistan , a press - freedom organization , reported in 2006 , “ Intimidation and harassment against media outlets and media practitioners continues unabated . ”
In the past four years , ten journalists have been murdered in Afghanistan , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists .
Mohseni says that a few years ago Tolo was offered a hundred thousand dollars not to air a particular news story .
Tolo ran the story , but , Mohseni said , if someone is powerful enough to offer a substantial bribe , “ what stops him from killing someone ? ”
In July , 2009 , on the eve of a Presidential debate hosted by Tolo , Karzai refused to appear , claiming that the network was biased and that he had n’t had sufficient time to prepare .
His campaign manager , citing an Electoral Media Commission report , asserted that fifty - nine per cent of Tolo ’s coverage of Karzai in the previous week had been negative .
Mohseni was angry .
Even the Taliban talked to Tolo , he argued .
During the broadcast of the debate , Tolo left Karzai ’s lectern empty in the center of the studio .
Karzai is correct , however , in seeing Mohseni as a vociferous critic of his administration .
He regularly proclaims that Karzai “ does nothing ” to combat corruption , to diminish the power of warlords , to reform the police force , to prosecute the Taliban .
Mohseni wants the U.S. to press for greater reforms by “ placing more conditions on its assistance . ”
Although Tolo made no editorial endorsement in the Presidential election , Mohseni ’s friends knew that he favored the candidacy of the former foreign minister Dr. Abdullah Abdullah .
Once a fervent supporter of Karzai , Mohseni now says , “ My views have changed .
I no longer feel the government can bring about reform . ”
In August , as voting began , Tolo reported that many votes cast for Karzai were fraudulent .
( Later , an electoral commission invalidated nearly a million votes for Karzai , and more than three hundred thousand for his opponents . )
The station aired dramatic footage of uniformed electoral officials at voting stations literally stuffing ballot boxes .
Mohseni proudly says , “ We were so far ahead of everyone else in coverage .
We showed no fear .
We informed people .
We entertained them . ”
However accurate Tolo ’s reporting may have been , Karzai was not alone in believing that the network ’s coverage was sometimes biased .
Another Presidential candidate , Ashraf Ghani , a former finance minister , praises Mohseni for trying to create a freer society , but says , “ Saad , in the Presidential campaign , favored one candidate .
He tilted .
He became partisan . ”
By American standards , such an outspoken owner — whose news director asks him to approve stories , who recruits advertisers as clients for his ad agency while his news divisions monitor their businesses — would invite criticism .
By Afghan standards , Mohseni is advancing the cause of a free press .
Tolo ’s biggest hit is “ Afghan Star , ” the most popular show in the country .
Every Thursday night , an estimated one - third of Afghanistan ’s thirty million citizens gather in front of television sets to watch .
In rural places without electricity , people fill generators with gasoline or hook up their TVs to car batteries .
The show , which was shepherded by Jahid and Wajma Mohseni and débuted in 2005 , is a Central Asian version of “ American Idol . ”
In a season - long competition , Afghan citizens — many in traditional costumes — appear on a silver - colored stage to sing in front of a frenetic studio audience .
Thousands of contestants apply each season ; three finalists compete for a five - thousand - dollar prize and a recording contract .
The music sounds foreign to Western ears , with hand drums and exotic scales , but other aspects of the production are familiar : three or four judges , dancing spotlights , and a host looking into the camera to ask “ Are you ready to find out who won this round ? ” before pausing for a commercial .
( Moby co-produced a documentary about the show , which won two awards at the Sundance Film Festival in 2009 , and was shown on HBO . )
As on “ American Idol , ” winners on “ Afghan Star ” are determined by the judges , the audience , and text messages sent from mobile phones throughout the country .
Before the show aired , Mohseni made a deal with Roshan , the country ’s leading mobile - phone company , and ran promotional ads on Tolo and Arman instructing citizens how to place a vote .
( The text messages cost voters about seven cents , the equivalent of a loaf of bread ; three hundred thousand votes were cast in the final week . )
With suspicious egalitarianism , the finalists have often been from each of the three main Afghan ethnic groups : Tajiks , Pashtuns , and Hazaras .
At first , losers reacted badly on the air , smashing stage equipment and claiming ethnic prejudice , but , because their tantrums were so public , they were humiliated and seen as dividers .
“ The tissues are for crying . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In the third season , one of the finalists was Lema Sahar , a Pashtun woman from Kandahar , the spiritual home of the Taliban .
Religious leaders were outraged that a woman was allowed to perform in public , and Sahar received death threats .
In the “ Afghan Star ” documentary , she said , “ We hide the songbooks and other things at night .
If the Taliban come at night , we have a special place to hide the computer .
If they find something , they kill you . ”
She was undaunted .
“ If I do not sing , what else can I do ? ” she said .
Sahar ’s performances on the show demonstrate a somewhat tenuous relationship with pitch and rhythm , but she was a crowd favorite .
Mohseni told a reporter at the time , “ They all realized how it was for her to come from Kandahar , and we all want to root for the underdog . ”
The text - message voting did something else , Mohseni says :
It “ has changed Afghanistan in ways you could not imagine ten years ago .
It has given people power to vote someone off . ”
Moby and the other media have been part of sweeping changes in Afghanistan .
Ghani says , “ The majority of the population is under twenty - two .
They behave differently .
Women have overcome gender segregation .
I know a dozen young women who want to be President one day . ”
Women are more assertive , according to Zahra Mousavi , Moby ’s manager of current affairs .
“ I am so full of hope about that , ” she says .
“ They believe in women ’s power now .
In our shows and news , we have a lot of women .
It ’s normal . ”
Arezo Kohistany , who is twenty - one , fled with her family to Virginia , in 1997 , to escape the Taliban .
After graduating from college in Virginia , last fall she returned to Kabul , where she is the marketing manager for the Azizi Bank .
Except for the scarf she wears outside , she looks and talks like an American coed .
The media “ has opened Afghan women ’s minds , ” she says .
“ Over here they were told they ca n’t do this , they ca n’t do that .
Even though people say there has been no improvement in Afghanistan , eight years ago women were not allowed to go to school .
They were not allowed to go out of the house without a man .
Now you see women having a career any man can have . ”
Mohseni says , “ One of the reasons Afghanistan has not exploded is that the media give people an outlet . ”
Cyrus Oshidar , who once worked for Tom Freston at MTV India and now works for Moby Group in Dubai , says that in poor countries like Afghanistan and India the media allow people to escape their misery .
“ It ’s why Bollywood movies are three and a half hours . ”
The media “ takes you away , ” he says .
“ It provides hope .
New images .
It ’s escapism . ”
Even Fazel Ahmad Manawi , the spokesman for the Ulema Council , concedes the media ’s impact .
Manawi , who is forty - three , is a respected former Supreme Court justice who was appointed by Karzai in April to chair Afghanistan ’s Election Commission .
He remains opposed to “ Afghan Star ” and the “ immoral ” Indian soap operas .
“ It is not allowed , according to our religion , that girls appear onstage and perform in front of people , ” he said .
But he praises the newscasts , including Tolo ’s , which have “ played an effective role in modernizing Afghanistan ” and educating the public .
He was sitting on one of three black leather chairs in a bare - walled office whose windows were covered and whose doors were guarded , because , he says , the Taliban have murdered up to “ fifty members of the Sharia . ”
To his left were shelves filled with religious books .
To his right was a small television .
“ I have the TV , and it is on always , ” he said .
He has two sets at home , and he and his four sons are devoted to Tolo ’s broadcasts of “ 24 . ”
His two young daughters watch cartoons and children ’s shows , and he conceded that television often “ improves the way people behave .
When my little daughter faces a problem , she calls out , ‘ Help . ’
She learned that from TV .
Before , she would just cry . ”
Television has become part of Afghan life , he said .
“ If the Taliban came back to power , they could not ban television . ”
Manawi does not oppose men and women talking with one another on television or radio — “ as long as the woman has the hijab , ” or head scarf — but he was still amazed to see the former foreign minister for the Taliban , who now lives in Kabul , “ sitting next to a pretty female on television . ”
“ The media is a huge success story , ” Masood Farivar said .
“ It ’s contributed to nation building and democracy by educating the public . ”
The day before the August , 2009 , election , he said , “ the Minister of Foreign Affairs directed that the media not report on violence in the election .
It was ignored by most media . ”
Today , he continued , the public “ takes it for granted that their leaders should be elected and held accountable .
That is not an expectation people had ten years ago . ”
Zahra Mousavi is unsure how long the Afghan government will tolerate the freedom that she has at Tolo .
“ Sometimes they order us , ” she says of the government .
“ Sometimes they say ‘ please . ’
They say ‘ please , ’ but it ’s like an order for us .
Sometimes I worry if in the future it will be better or worse . ”
Afghanistan is an Islamic state by constitutional writ , and there is a fundamental tension between a constitution that protects freedom of the press yet forbids content that is “ contrary to the principles of Islam . ”
Television and radio are subject to government license and easier to shut down than satellite or Web - based media , which operate outside a nation ’s borders .
The presence of Western money and media would be a deterrent , but not an insurmountable one .
The U.S. has said that it will begin removing soldiers in 2011 , and , as in Iran or Burma , reporters can be expelled .
With little Internet presence , the social media that boosted the Green Revolution in Iran are not potent .
E-mail and blogging are limited by widespread illiteracy .
Even in countries where new media have taken root , governments have had surprising success in restricting the Internet .
In the past few years , China has successfully pressured Google to censor search results for the Dalai Lama , Tiananmen Square , and information about Chinese leaders , and has blocked blogs , scanned text messages , and broken into the e-mail of suspected dissidents .
But , often , economics proves stronger than politics .
Joseph Ravitch , the media investment banker , recalls that , earlier this year , the Chinese government tried to curtail screenings of “ Avatar ” and replace it with “ Confucius , ” a biography of the philosopher .
The edict was largely ignored .
Citizens demanded to see the movie , and theatre owners did not want to be denied ticket sales .
With governments and corporations increasingly dependent on the Internet and cellular communications , Ravitch believes , “ no one — unless you want to take your society back to the Stone Age , as Pol Pot and Mullah Omar tried to do — can afford to cut themselves off from the electronic age . ”
The economic incentives that worked against censoring “ Avatar ” also work against a media crackdown in Afghanistan , which is desperate to build a private economy that creates jobs and growth .
Moby Group , along with the rest of the country ’s vibrant media sector , must be counted a business success .
According to the Afghan Ministry of Communications and Information Technology , the country now has thirty - one private TV channels and ninety - three radio stations .
Jeanne Bourgault , the executive vice - president of Internews Network , a nonprofit that has supported local media in seventy countries , including Salam Watandar ’s network , gives a measure of credit to the Karzai government , which , she notes , “ has been more open to media than many other countries .
We have n’t gotten the pushback we have in other countries . ”
But , of course , should the government reach an accord with the Taliban , the kind of independent journalism and entertainment programming championed by Saad Mohseni could be portrayed as subversive .
Of all the business cards that Mohseni has collected , perhaps the most important one belonged to Tom Freston .
In the early seventies , Freston left the advertising business to travel through Europe and ended up in Afghanistan , where he established a clothing - design - and - manufacturing business .
He returned to the U.S. soon after the Communist government took power , and helped found MTV , eventually rising to become C.E.O. of the parent company , Viacom .
Freston met Mohseni through Sarah Takesh , and , with Mohseni , he returned to Afghanistan for the first time in 2007 .
He soon became a member of Moby Group ’s board , and he introduced Mohseni to a galaxy of Western media figures : Rupert Murdoch , Jon Stewart , Charlie Rose , Google C.E.O.
Eric Schmidt , and Joseph Ravitch .
The introduction to Murdoch was particularly fruitful .
He and Mohseni have certain things in common — roots in Australia , a desire to spread free media , and an instinct for making money — and at their first meeting , in 2006 , they talked animatedly .
They agreed to work together to form Farsi1 , which now beams Turkish and Latin - American soap operas and action shows like “ 24 ” to a hundred and twenty million Farsi speakers in Iran , Central and South Asia , and the Middle East .
The channel is half owned by Murdoch ’s News Corp. , and its C.E.O. is Zaid Mohseni .
Moby has hired a hundred Afghans who speak Iranian - accented Farsi to dub the programs that it broadcasts to Iran .
To try to avoid offending Iranian sensibilities , Farsi1 offers no news , and it screens its programs , erasing or blotting out kissing and sex .
Still , last month the chief of Iran ’s state - run television denounced Farsi1 programs on the ground that they promoted moral corruption , and Kayhan , a hard - line daily newspaper , accused it of “ promoting dysfunctional families and adultery and portraying unmarried relationships and abortion as normal . ”
Farsi1 ’s offices are in Dubai , in Studio City , a tax - free industrial park in the middle of what was once desert .
Mohseni spends about half his time there , and he and his siblings work within shouting distance of one another .
On the whiteboard across from the desk in his small glassed - in office are the words “ Yemen , ” “ Pakistan , ” “ Jordan , ” “ Iraq , ” “ U.A.E. , ” “ Palestine , ” “ Sudan , ” “ Somalia , ” “ Uzbekistan , ” and “ U.S. Muslims . ”
Asked to explain their meaning , Mohseni said that he sees some of the world ’s most troubled places as good media investments .
“ In our part of the world , old media still works , ” he said .
“ Despite the dangers , if you have enough diversity it ’s a good business to be in . ”
If Moby can have TV platforms in seven or eight countries , he said , it can reduce its programming costs by running the same content translated into the local language .
“ The Arab markets are a virgin market ” for local television , Mohseni said .
“ There are no viable TV stations in these countries — Yemen , Iraq , Jordan . ”
He sees advertising spending doubling every five years in some of these countries .
Like Afghanistan , all have populations bursting with young people .
In five years , he predicted , Iraq will become the second - largest oil producer in the Middle East , creating a vast consumer marketplace .
Jordan , he said , is a two - hundred - million - dollar ad market , with little of this money going to television .
And , because these countries will be at the forefront of international “ hearts and minds ” efforts in coming years , N.G.O. and government spending will also rise .
In Afghanistan , Mohseni estimates that U.S. spending for media development , training , advertising , and programming will be a hundred and forty million dollars over the next three years .
Mohseni acknowledged that there is “ a glut of Arab - language channels delivered by satellite , ” but he thinks that most lose money and overspend for programming ; he is betting that the sheikhs who bankroll them will lose interest .
Although Farsi1 is less than a year old , he hopes that it will soon turn a profit .
Oprah Winfrey , a friend of Tom Freston , has verbally agreed to air some of her daily programs on the network .
Initial accounts were vague , so I decided to don my rubber Spock ears and survey the scientific literature — more information signal , less noise .
What do we really know about the use of dispersants ?
What do they do ?
What benefits and problems do they bring ?
I was most interested in the efficacy of dispersants .
I read scores of peer - reviewed scientific articles , and below I highlight a few of the most informative studies , providing enough detail that the technically - minded reader should be able to judge the content .
I also provide notes on other important questions , such as whether dispersants are toxic on their own and whether they make crude oil more or less toxic than it otherwise would be .
Further review of such questions is warranted , however .
One of the striking controversies about the massive BP Deepwater Horizon oil well blowout has been alarm raised about chemical dispersants used to hold spilled crude oil deep in the Gulf of Mexico .
Prospects for oil ’s direct harm to the environment , the economy , and coastal society were immediately obvious .
But why were people so concerned that dispersing the oil was bad — worse than allowing it to come onshore ?
Is this just a case of “ out of sight , out of mind ” to benefit the oil company , or are there larger benefits that reduce the harms to other interests ?
This is a guest post by Dr. Stephen R. Humphrey , known on The Oil Drum as NatResDr .
Steve Humphrey has been on the faculty of the University of Florida since 1971 .
Currently he is Director of The School of Natural Resources and Environment .
He also was a member of the Florida Environmental Regulation Commission for 8 years .
Background
As background , here are two of the better press reports on using dispersants on the BP oil spill :
Researchers Worry About Oil Dispersants ’ Impacts , Too
Slick Solution : How Microbes Will Clean Up the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill
Use of dispersants on the BP spill reportedly began on April 27 , 2010 , but Corexit 9527A use was soon discontinued in favor of Corexit 9500 .
Substantial information about dispersant use on this oil spill is provided at the EPA website .
Simply put , the purpose of dispersant is to emulsify the oil , like bacon grease in soapy dishwater .
In the case of oil released underwater , dispersant reduces the amount of oil surfacing , hence reducing danger and toxicity for the topside workers trying to repair the damaged well and contain the spill .
It also increases surface area and time for oil - droplet exposure to microorganisms in the water column .
The microbes digest the oil into simpler and much less harmful chemicals , much as happens with household sewage in a septic tank or wastewater treatment plant .
Efficacy of dispersants
Much is known about which organisms ( the biotic components ) are important hydrocarbon degraders in the environment , the metabolic degradation pathways ( the process mechanisms ) , and the fate of hydrocarbons in the environment , both in the presence of oxygen and its absence , as recently reviewed by Head et al. ( 2009 ; citation below ) .
More than 200 genera of bacteria , cyanobacteria , fungi , and algae are known to degrade or transform hydrocarbons , using them for energy and carbon .
Oil - consuming bacteria include sulfate - reducers and acid-producers , which thrive in anaerobic waters , whereas general aerobic bacteria require oxygen .
Thus dissolved oxygen is not necessarily limiting to marine oil degradation ( but low sulfate availability could be limiting in some situations ) .
More generally , oil degradation in marine waters is strictly limited by the availability of nitrogen and phosphorus , and it also may be limited by bioavailability of the oil , as in cases of burial by mud or beach sand .
Oil degradation is also temperature - dependent , but like surface waters , extreme marine environments ( such as deep , dark , cold , high - pressure waters ) also are occupied by diverse locally - adapted micro-organisms , including oil degraders ( Margesin and Schinner .
2001 .
Biodegradation and bioremediation of hydrocarbons in extreme environments .
Applied Microbiology and Biotechnology 56:650-663 ) .
Crude oil is complex stuff , with four operationally defined groups of chemicals : saturated hydrocarbons , aromatic hydrocarbons , resins , and asphaltenes .
Light crude is typically higher in the first two ( lighter ) groups than the last two heavy ( polar ) ones .
At the marine surface , physical reduction ( via evaporation and photo - oxidation ) and biodegradation of light crude greatly reduces the proportion of the lighter fractions and increases the proportion of the heavier fractions .
In deeper , dark waters , biodegradation proceeds without the benefit of the physical processes .
In either place , degradation of the most voluminous fraction ( saturated hydrocarbons ) is prominent in reducing the volume of a spill , but the aromatic and heavy fractions are more toxic and persistent , so their fate is also quite important .
Head , Jones , and Röling .
2006 .
Marine microorganisms make a meal of oil .
Nature Reviews Microbiology 4:173-182 .
Normally the hydrocarbon - degrading organisms are diverse and widespread but not common in the environment .
When crude oil is introduced , however , these organisms are favored by the new conditions , and their populations bloom and become very abundant in a short time .
Some of these organisms consume mainly saturated hydrocarbons , while others consume mainly aromatic hydrocarbons , and these fractions can be largely removed within a few weeks by biodegradation .
Lessons learned about biodegradation and remediation of oil spills have come mainly from beach sites and laboratory microcosm studies ; much less is known about the course of open - ocean spills , whether treated or not .
Both beach and ocean surfaces can be treated with dispersants and or fertilizers , but deepwater environments can be treated only if injection at the oil source is an option .
Note that such deepwater injection , if overdone , would cause undesirable pollution in its own right .
In microcosms , Röling et al. ( 2002 ) showed that the amount of oil degradation is strongly related to the amount of nitrogen and phosphorus available .
With no fertilizer added , oil degraded quite slowly , but small amounts of nutrients were introduced by death of the microbial biomass , suggesting that a self - reinforcing process operates , albeit modestly .
Oil degradation in fertilized microcosms proceeded more rapidly when more nutrients were provided , but the final extent was similar if enough time passed .
Managed addition of particular oil - degrading organisms has often failed to improve biodegradation , either because factors other than the presence of particular organisms is important or because the organisms added are poorly adapted to the field environment and thus have poor survival .
Röling , et al. 2002 .
Robust hydrocarbon degradation and dynamics of bacterial communities during nutrient - enhanced oil spill bioremediation .
Applied Environmental Microbiology 68:5537-5548 .
Venosa and Holder ( 2007 ) measured biodegradation of the highly bio-available fractions of dispersed crude oil , using Corexit 9500 and JD2000 in laboratory flasks that were constantly shaken .
The rate of degradation was strongly temperature - dependent because of lower bacterial metabolic rates at lower temperatures .
Degradation was much more rapid for dispersed oil than for non-dispersed oil , because in the non-dispersed control the microbial culture first had to generate its own biosurfactant to emulsify the oil before substantial degradation could occur .
Eventually , however , the degradation of non-dispersed oil caught up with that of dispersed oil in terms of residual concentrations .
Venosa and Holder . 2007 .
Biodegradability of dispersed crude oil at two different temperatures .
Marine Pollution Bulletin 54:545-553 .
Zahed et al. ( 2010 ) studied biodegradation of light crude oil ( the full complement of fractions ) in seawater samples taken into the lab from coastal Malaysia ( several sites to obtain representative biotic communities ) , using Corexit 9500 dispersant .
They measured removal of total petroleum hydrocarbons over 45 days under several treatments , with initial oil concentrations of 100 , 500 , 1,000 and 2,000 mg / L. Treatments were
(1 ) seawater with locally acclimated microorganisms cultured in fertilizer ( CO ) ,
( 2 ) seawater with microbes cultured in fertilizer plus Corexit 9500 dispersant ( DCO ) ,
( 3 ) natural attenuation of oil in seawater with no culture , fertilizer , or dispersant , and
( 4 ) abiotic control seawater , treated with biocide to show effects of purely physical reactions .
( There was no treatment that included dispersant without cultured organisms and fertilizer . )
Abiotic oil loss ( evaporation , photo- oxidation and other physical reactions in the absence of microbial activity ) in this study was 20 % .
Natural attenuation resulted in 25 - 32 % oil removal , with more removal occurring the lower the initial concentration .
DCO oil loss ranged from 45 to 67 % , again with more removal occurring the lower the initial concentration .
CO oil loss ranged from 38 to 64 % .
Thus one - third to two - thirds of the oil was destroyed via biodegradation over the course of 6 weeks .
The oil - loss timelines show that long exposure of the oil to biodegradation processes was needed to maximize benefits of the breakdown process .
Zahed et al. 2010 .
Effect of initial oil concentration and dispersant on crude oil biodegradation in contaminated seawater .
Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology 84:438-442 .
Toxicity of dispersants
The US National Research Council issued a report on dispersants in 2005 .
The report succinctly noted the tradeoffs involved in dispersant use : “ Dispersant application thus represents a conscious decision to increase the hydrocarbon load ( resulting from a spill ) on one component of the ecosystem ( e.g. , the water column ) while reducing the load on another ( e.g. , coastal wetland ) .
Decisions to use dispersants , therefore , involve trade - offs between decreasing the risk to water surface and shoreline habitats while increasing the potential risk to organisms in the water column and on the seafloor . ”
The report identified several critical knowledge gaps , including toxicity to particular organisms from exposure to dispersed oil , the final fate of chemically dispersed oil , and the effectiveness of dispersants for different oil types and environmental conditions .
One key finding was : “ The mechanisms of both acute and sublethal toxicity from exposure to dispersed oil are not sufficiently understood .
Recent studies in the literature suggest that toxicity from physically and chemically dispersed oil appears to be primarily associated with the additive effects of various dissolved - phase polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAH ) with additional contributions from heterocyclic ( N , S , and O ) containing polycyclic aromatic compounds .
Additional toxicity may be coming from the particulate , or oil droplet , phase , but a particular concern stems from potential synergistic effects of exposure to dissolved components in combination with chemically dispersed oil droplets . ”
Based on that finding , the NRC report recommended that “ Relevant state and federal agencies , industry , and appropriate international partners should develop and fund a series of focused toxicity studies to determine the mechanisms of both acute and sublethal toxicity to key organisms from exposure to dispersed oil . ”
However , relatively little subsequent progress has been made on the research agenda identified in the NRC report .
A major reason that the body of research on dispersants is inconclusive ( inconsistent among studies ) is that disparate methodologies have been used .
In June 2010 , the EPA reported toxicity tests of 8 dispersants ( not combined with crude oil ) , including those being used in the BP spill .
The dispersants were roughly similar to one another in toxicity when tested on the EPA - standard test organisms , mysid shrimp and silversides fish .
The dispersants were also generally less toxic than oil , and they were expected to biodegrade in weeks or months rather than years as is the case for oil .
Fuller et al. ( 2004 ) applied standard EPA test protocols to mysid shrimp and silversides and sheepshead fish exposed to Arabian crude oil , Corexit 9500 dispersant , and oil plus dispersant .
Oil plus dispersant was equal or less toxic than oil only .
Continuous exposures were generally more toxic than declining exposures .
Unweathered oil - only ( dominated by soluble hydrocarbon fractions ) were more toxic to silversides than weathered oil - only in which colloidal oil fractions dominated .
Oil - plus dispersant media prepared with unweathered and weathered oil showed no difference in toxicity .
The authors inferred that toxicity was a function of the soluble crude oil components and not the colloidal components .
Fuller et al. 2004 .
Comparative toxicity of oil , dispersant , and oil plus dispersant to several marine species .
Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry 23:2941-2949 .
Now the US EPA is testing the toxicity of Louisiana sweet crude oil combined with dispersant .
These important results are expected by the end of July 2010 .
A recent study indicates that dispersants alone are directly toxic to corals ( Shafir , Rijn , and Rinkevich .
2007 .
Short and long term toxicity of crude oil and oil dispersants to two representative coral species .
Environmental Science & Technology 41:5571-5574 ; Corexit was not tested in this study ) .
Several coral reefs are in the vicinity of the BP oil slick , including the Flower Bank Gardens off the coast of Louisiana and Texas ( designated as a marine sanctuary in 1992 ) and the Florida Middle Grounds , off the Florida panhandle .
This issue may also be relevant to the Florida Keys , Yucatan , and Cuba .
Another issue worth watching is potential health problems for workers handling dispersant :
New BP Data Show 20 % of Gulf Spill Responders Exposed to Chemical That Sickened Valdez Workers
New Data from BP ’s Coverup Firm Shows Dispersants in 20 % of Offshore Workers
Final comments
Prolonging spilled crude oil 's exposure to offshore sea life increases environmental harms in ways we do n't understand very well , and these harms are probably much worse than we know .
In my opinion there 's no silver lining among the tradeoffs , only trading off one bad against other bads .
It ’s remarkable to me how much people have discussed toxicity of dispersants , and how little people have discussed the toxicity of crude oil , which is high for people and many other organisms .
We definitely need to learn whether dispersant allows the oil to degrade fast enough and in large enough quantities to offset damage done by spreading the oil through more of the environment for longer .
But we also need a comparable public discussion of the toxicity of the oil to people , to habitats and animals along the shore , and to the myriad creatures of the Gulf of Mexico .
New home construction sinks 10 %
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The government reported Wednesday that new home construction fell sharply in May -- the first month after a homebuyer tax credit expired .
Housing starts fell 10 % from April to a seasonally - adjusted annual rate of 593,000 last month , the Commerce Department said .
Economists were expecting housing starts to fall to only 655,000 .
On a year - over - year basis , starts rose 7.8 % from May 2009 .
New construction of single - family homes , the key sector of the housing market , plummeted 17.2 % over the month to an annual rate of 468,000 .
The annual rate for new construction of multi-family homes -- buildings with 5 or more units -- was 112,000 .
April was the last month in which first - time home buyers could qualify for a federal tax credit of up to $ 8,000 .
Earlier this year lawmakers extended the deadline through April 30 and added a new credit of up to $ 6,500 for some existing home owners who move .
Forecasts were too optimistic given the tax credit 's expiration , said Ian Shepherdson , economist at High Frequency Economics , in a research note .
" The tax credit pulled housing transactions and construction activity forward into the spring from the summer , " Shepherdson said , " so the next few months will see activity remaining at a very low level . "
Housing starts will probably drop " a bit further " in June , Shepherdson added , though he expects activity " to begin reviving , gradually , in the fall . "
Building permits :
That 's likely why applications for building permits , a gauge of future construction activity , also fell sharply .
Permits fell to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 574,000 last month , down 5.9 % from a revised 610,000 in April .
Economists were expecting a more modest decline to 631,000 permits .
Despite this month 's sharp drop , permits were up 4.4 % from May 2009 .
Last week , a Senate amendment was unveiled that proposes extending the tax credit deadline to Sept. 30 .
Filed to :
Filed to : Film
Share This Story
More from The A.V. Club
Eye to the heavens ( Image : Vatican )
Why does the Vatican need an observatory ?
The Catholic church has long had an interest in astronomy .
We can trace the beginning of this to 1582 , when Pope Gregory XIII wanted to reform the calendar to settle the date of Easter .
What role did Galileo play in the history of the observatory ?
Put briefly , I ’m here thanks to Galileo .
Because Galileo suffered , there was a need to do something to show that the church is not against science .
It was in large part to change the image of the church – to show the world that it is not against …
$ \begingroup $
Every now and then , somebody will tell me about a question .
When I start thinking about it , they say , " actually , it 's undecidable in ZFC . "
For example , suppose A is an abelian group such that every short exact sequence of abelian groups 0 →ℤ→B →A→0 splits .
Does it follow that A is free ?
This is known as Whitehead 's Problem , and it 's undecidable in ZFC .
What are some other statements that are n't directly set - theoretic , and you'd think that playing with them for a week would produce a proof or counterexample , but they turn out to be undecidable ?
One answer per post , please , and include a reference if possible .
An incredible simulation from the National Center for Atmospheric Research shows the oil slick getting caught in a loop current and wrapping around Florida and moving on to create a death cloud in the Atlantic .
What 's really scary is how oil spread accelerates when it rounds the corner -- some time around Independence Day .
If the oil keeps leaking until August or even Christmas , these flow patterns could describe a massive quantity of oil .
Mark Stuart has signed a one - year , $ 1.675 million extension .
Stuart was a restricted free agent with arbitration rights , but he opted not to file because the sides were close to an agreement .
Stuart was coming off a two - year contract that paid him an average $ 1.3 million per season .
Stuart will be an unrestricted free agent after 2010 - 11 .
“ Stuey ’s a high - character player , ” said GM Peter Chiarelli .
“ He had a few injuries this year , but came back after the hand infection and added to our lineup then . ”
Stuart appeared in 56 games in 2009 - 10 , scoring two goals and five assists while logging 80 penalty minutes , third - most behind Shawn Thornton and Zdeno Chara .
Stuart , the team ’s reigning iron man entering the season , missed 26 games because of freak injuries — a broken sternum , broken pinkie , and infection .
Advertisement
Chiarelli said the one - year contract could be a bridge deal into something long - term based on Stuart ’s play .
“ I was very happy with how I played when I got in there .
Unfortunately there were some injuries that were out of your control , but that stuff happens .
That ’s part of the game .
No matter what , I think it gets factored in .
Even though I think that ’s fair .
I think it should .
If you ’re going to get a long - term deal , you have to earn it .
You probably have to play as close to a complete year as you can .
But our team is different with the makeup of our team , cap issues , and things like that .
I definitely was n’t expecting anything long - term this year .
But if I can earn a long - term deal by playing really well this year , then I ’ll be very happy with it . ”
The Bruins have their projected six - man blue line in the fold ( Stuart , Chara , Dennis Seidenberg , Johnny Boychuk , Andrew Ference , Matt Hunwick ) .
Google is back in business in China , with the government confirming that it agreed to renew the internet giant 's licence .
In last few months Google 's future in the communist country was threatened by a lengthy dispute over its anti-censorship principles .
But in a surprising turn around the internet giant has agreed to censor content appearing on its pages and abide by Chinese law .
Google 's licence in China will continue to run for at least a year , after the company pledged not to run law breaking content .
The approval came after the internet giant ceased automatically redirecting queries from mainland China to a version of its search engine it does not censor in Hong Kong .
Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderley says China was never going to compromise on the issue of political censorship .
" Well , China wanted the right to censor the search results that Google was providing specifically with regard to anything that was critical of the Chinese government , anything that spoke about any past large scale demonstrations against that government , " he said .
" That was the kind of thing that the government absolutely objected to Google providing access to , that information [ which ] is blocked generally in China .
" Google disagreed and that was the nature of the dispute . "
Mr Enderley says the Chinese government has traditionally used heavy censorship to control political unrest in the country .
" The ability to censor information inside of China is something that the Chinese government is very adamant about , " he said .
" They believe that certain kinds of information can incite riot and historically regime change in China has come at the result of very costly in terms of lives or revolutions .
" And so the government is very aggressive in terms of trying to prevent that kind of activity and part of their tool kit is restricting communication to information that they in fact approve , so that was something that the Chinese government was not going to bend on . "
Vital market
Mr Enderley says the backflip was inevitable as China represents a vital market for the search provider .
" I think the realisation that being locked out of China was going to relegate Google into a second class player in their own market ... and once you dominate a market you can't afford to be considered second class , " he said .
" They were losing rather badly to Badu which is the dominant search provider in China but China is perhaps the fastest growing and potentially going to be the largest economic power in the world and so for Google 's future , China is critical .
" No company wants to be perceived as becoming obsolescent and losing the Chinese market would have put Google on that path . "
The analyst says the backdown shows Google accepts its commitment to freedom of information is untenable if it wants to have a presence in China .
" Well , that is the stance they took was probably one that they were going to have to bend on .
Like any country , you have to conform to the laws of the land much like you do in Australia or in the United States and you are not given the option of accepting the laws you like and rejecting the ones you do n't , " he said .
" Google appears to be learning that lesson the hard way but they now appear to be conforming to the laws in China . "
He says the deal may have saved the relationship between the internet giant and the Chinese government , which in recent months had dramatically deteriorated .
" They were in the process of getting thrown out of China and barred from that country .
It was getting pretty close to perhaps taking action against Google employees in China , maybe seizing some Google properties , " he said .
" You do n't mess with the government and Goggle was getting dangerously close to having China use them as an example and it looks like they may have fallen short of that . "
Generally speaking , garbage collection is a space / time tradeoff .
Give the GC more space , and it will take less time .
There are ( many ) other factors in play , cache in particular , but the space / time tradeoff is the most important one .
The tradeoff works like this : the program allocates memory until it reaches some limit ( decided by the GC's automatic tuning parameters , or explicitly via RTS options ) .
When the limit is reached , the GC traces all the data that the program is currently using , and reclaims all the memory used by data that is no longer required .
The longer you can delay this process , the more data will have become unreachable ( " dead " ) in the meantime , so the GC avoids tracing that data .
The only way to delay a GC is to make more memory available to allocate into ; hence more memory equals fewer GCs , equals lower GC overhead .
Roughly speaking , GHC's - H option lets you set a lower bound on the amount of memory used by the GC , so can lower the GC overhead .
GHC uses a generational GC , which is an optimisation to the basic scheme , in which the heap is divided into two or more generations .
Objects are allocated into the " young " generation , and the ones that live long enough get promoted into the " old " generation ( in a 2 - generation setup ) .
The young generation is collected much more frequently than the old generation , the idea being that " most objects die young " , so young - generation collections are cheap ( they do n't trace much data ) , but they reclaim a lot of memory .
Roughly speaking , the - A option sets the size of the young generation - that is , the amount of memory that will be allocated before the young generation is collected .
The default for - A is 512 k : it 's a good idea to keep the young generation smaller than the L2 cache , and performance generally drops if you exceed the L2 cache size .
But working in the opposite direction is the GC space / time tradeoff : using a very large young generation size might outweigh the cache benefits by reducing the amount of work the GC has to do .
This does n't always happen , it depends on the dynamics of the application , which makes it hard for the GC to automatically tune itself .
The - H option also increases the young generation size , so can also have an adverse effect on cache usage .
The bottom line is : play around with the options and see what works .
If you have plenty of memory to spare , you might well be able to get a performance increase by using either - A or - H , but not necessarily .
Although 1820 was more than a generation after the Revolutionary War , British critic Sydney Smith was perhaps still smarting when he wrote in The Edinburgh Review , “ In the four quarters of the globe , who reads an American book ? ”
He claimed that the recently independent Americans have “ done absolutely nothing … for the Arts , for Literature . ”
American writers have since been involved in a two - century process of crafting a rejoinder to Smith ’s scurrilous assertion .
We called this endeavor the “ Great American Novel , ” and since Smith ’s royalist glove - slap the United States has produced scores of potential candidates to that exalted designation .
But for all of our tweedy jingoism , the United States seems rare among nations in not having an identifiable and obvious candidate for national epic .
After all , the Greeks have The Iliad and The Odyssey , the Romans have The Aeneid , the Spanish have El Cid , the French The Song of Roland , Italy The Divine Comedy , and the British The Faerie Queene .
Even the Finns have The Kalevala , from which our own Henry Wadsworth Longfellow cribbed a distinctive trochaic tetrameter in his attempt to craft an American national epic called The Song of Hiawatha .
What follows is a list of other potential American epic poems , where the words “ American , ” “ epic , ” and “ poem ” will all have opportunity to be liberally interpreted .
Some of these poems reach the heights of canonicity alongside our ” Great American Novels , ” others most emphatically do not .
[ Editor ’s Note : See our “ Correction ” to this list . ]
The Four Monarchies ( 1650 ) by Anne Bradstreet
Anne Bradstreet ’s collection The Tenth Muse Lately Sprung up in America inaugurated what we could call “ American literature . ”
Scholars have often given short shrift to her so - called “ quaternions , ” long poems encapsulating literature , history , theology , and science into considerations of concepts grouped in fours ( like the four elements , seasons , ages of man , and so on ) .
Her epic
The Four Monarchies follows the influence of the Huguenot poet Guillaume de Salluste du Bartas in recounting the historical details of Babylon , Persia , Greece , and Rome , which are commonly associated with the four kingdoms of the biblical book of Daniel ’s prophecy .
While a committed Protestant ( even if her private writings evidence a surprising degree of skepticism ) , Bradstreet was inheritor to a particular understanding of history that saw the seat of empire moving from kingdoms such as the ones explored in her quaternion , to a final fifth monarchy that would be ruled by Christ .
It ’s hard not to possibly see a westerly America as the last of these monarchies , as taking part in what John Winthrop famously evoked when he conceived of New England as being a “ city on a hill ” ( incidentally that sermon was delivered aboard the Arbela , which was also transporting Bradstreet and her family to America ) .
Reflecting on that passing from Old World to New , Bradstreet wrote that her “ heart rose up ” in trepidation , even if she ultimately would come to be the first poet of that New World .
Paradise Lost ( 1667 ) by John Milton
Despite John Milton being one of “ God ’s Englishmen , ” Paradise Lost is consummately American in its themes of rebellion , discovery , and the despoiling of paradisiacal realms .
The poet ’s radical republican politics seemed to prefigure that of the country in the way his native England never could embrace .
A century later , in the burgeoning democracy across the Atlantic men like George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , and Ben Franklin read the Milton of the pamphlets Eikonoklastes ( which celebrated the execution of Charles I ) and Areopagitica ( which advocated for freedom of speech ) as a prophet of revolution .
Scholarship about the poem has often hinged on how Lucifer , he who believes that it is “ Better to reign in Hell , than serve in Heaven , ” should be understood : as traitor or romantic rebel .
For a monarchical society such as England ’s , Milton was always more a poet for the radicals than he was one to be celebrated with a monument in the Poet ’s Corner .
As early Christians once believed Plato and Socrates prefigured Christ , I ’ll claim that Milton prefigures America .
The Day of Doom ( 1662 ) by Michael Wigglesworth
Milton ’s colonial contemporary Michael Wigglesworth has fared less well in terms of posterity , and yet his long apocalyptic poem The Day of Doom stood alongside John Bunyan and the Bible as the most read book in New England well into the 18th and 19th centuries .
Wigglesworth epic was the first to fully capture the American public ’s obsession with Armageddon ( first sacred , now secular ) , depicting a shortly arriving Judgment Day whereby those who were “ Wallowing in all kind of sin ” would soon view a “ light , which shines more bright / than doth the noonday sun ” with the coming of Christ and the destruction ( and redemption ) of the world .
Yet its deceptively simple rhyming couplets about the apocalypse betray an almost ironic , gothic sensibility .
A critical edition of the book has yet to be published in our own day , yet the book was so popular that virtually no copies of its first printing survive , having been read so fervently that the books were worn to oblivion .
The Rising Glory of America ( 1772 ) by Philip Freneau with Hugh Henry Brackenridge
Four years before the Declaration of Independence was ratified in Philadelphia , the New York born Huguenot poet Philip Freneau stood on the steps of Nassau Hall at Princeton University with his Scottish born classmate Hugh Henry Brackenridge and declared that “ here fair freedom shall forever reign . ”
Six years after that , Freneau found himself held captive for six weeks aboard one of the stinking British prison ships that filled New York Harbor , only to escape and write verse about the ordeal , confirming his unofficial position as the bard of the American Revolution .
Those prison ships were notorious at the time , with the bleached skulls and bones of their cast - over victims washing up onto the shores of Long Island , Manhattan , and New Jersey into the early - 1800s ; as such , Americans thirsted for a soldier - poet like Freneau to embody the republican ideals of independence from British tyranny .
Now , two centuries later , the “ poet of the American Revolution ” is all but unknown , except to specialists .
But at the height of his esteem , patriotic Americans , in particular those of a Jeffersonian bent , saw Freneau as an American poet laureate whose verse could extol both the virtues of democratic governance , and the coming prestige of the “ Empire of Liberty , ” which was to be built upon those precepts .
In Freneau ’s writings , whether his poetry or his journalistic work for James Madison ’s The National Gazette , he envisioned “ America ” as a type of secular religion , the last act in human history providentially heading towards its glorious conclusion “ where time shall introduce / Renowned characters , and glorious works / Of high invention and of wond ’rous art . ”
He may have failed in his goal of being counted among these “ Renowned characters , ” yet the “ wondr ’ous art ” he predicted to soon arise in this new nation would eventually come to pass .
Proposed Second Volume ( 1784 ) by Phillis Wheatley
We do not know what her real name was .
She was kidnapped from her West African home at age seven , and rechristened first “ Phillis ” after the name of the slave ship that pulled her across the Atlantic , and then “ Wheatley ” after the pious Boston family who purchased her as chattel .
We cannot understand how the Puritan family was able to personally justify ownership of this girl who was translating Horace and Virgil at the age of 12 .
We do not have record of the hours - long examination she underwent at age 18 with the same number of men ( including John Hancock and the Rev. Samuel Mather ) to successfully prove herself the author of the volume Poems on Various Subjects , Religious and Moral .
The reading public refused to believe that she could have written verse evocative of John Dryden and Alexander Pope without confirmation from those white men who constituted that committee .
We cannot tell how genuine her belief is that it “ Twas mercy brought me from my Pagan land ” as a child on the Middle Passage , where almost a quarter of Africans died before they reached land .
We do not know with what intonation she delivered the line “ Remember , Christians , Negroes , black as Cain , / May be refin’d , and join th’ angelic train ” .
We cannot know what may have constituted the conversations between colleagues like the fellow slave Jupiter Hammon , or the Indian poet Samson Occom ; we can only read their odes to one another .
We do not know how much the shift in her celebrations of George III to George Washington evidence a change in ideology , or the necessary calculus of the survivor .
We do not have record of the deprivations she experienced when finally manumitted but forced to work as a scullery maid , or of her husband ’s imprisonment in debtor ’s prison , or of her pregnancy ( her child dying only a few hours after Wheatley herself died at the age of 31 ) .
We do not have her second book of poetry , nor its contents .
We do not know if this lost epic sits in some sleepy college archive , or is yellowing in a Massachusetts attic , or rebound in some British library .
We only know that in her Augustan classicism , her elegant couplets , her poetic voice always forced by circumstance to speak in her oppressors ’ tongue , that we are reading one of the finest American poets of the 18th century .
Visions of Columbus ( 1787 ) and The Columbiad ( 1807 ) by Joel Barlow
In first his Visions of Columbus , and later The Columbiad , Barlow attempted to consciously write an epic befitting his new nation , whose drama he saw as equivalent to that of universal mankind .
Borrowing the narrative structure of Paradise Lost , Barlow envisions a westerly angel named Hesperus as appearing to Christopher Columbus in a Castilian prison cell and revealing the future epic history of the continents he ( supposedly ) discovered .
In The Columbiad Barlow wished to “ teach all men where all their interest lies , / How rulers may be just and nations wise :/ Strong in thy strength I bend no suppliant knee , / Invoke no miracle , no Muse but thee . ”
Columbus may have been a strange heroic subject for the eventually steadfastly secular Barlow , but in the mariner the poet saw not the medieval minded Catholic zealot of historical reality , but rather a non-English citizen of Renaissance republicanism ( and thus an appropriate patron for these new lands ) .
Barlow ’s contemporary Percy Shelley famously wrote that poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world ; in Barlow ’s case language , whether poetic or diplomatic , was central in the project of constructing these new men of the New World .
Barlow had long rejected the religion of his youth , and saw in the United States a new , almost millennial nation , which would fulfill humanity ’s natural inclination towards freedom , where “ that rare union , Liberty and Laws , / Speaks to the reas ’ning race ‘ to / freedom rise , / Like them be equal , and like them be / wise . ”
America : A Prophecy ( 1793 ) by William Blake
Already critiqued as turgid in its own day , Barlow ’s The Columbiad has only become more obscure in the intervening two centuries .
Yet what it loses in number of overall readers , the poem makes up for it in the genius of those who were inspired by it , with that mystic of Lambeth William Blake reading Barlow and penning his own America : A Prophecy in visionary emulation of it .
Blake is deservedly remembered as a poetic genius , Barlow not so much .
The non-conformist eccentric genius “ looking westward trembles at the vision , ” saw in the rebellion of “ Washington , Franklin , [ and ] Paine ” the redemption of all mankind .
Inspired by a heterodox religious upbringing , the rich poetic tradition of England , the coming fires of Romanticism , and the particular madness and brilliance of his own soul , Blake composed the most emancipatory verse of his or any era .
With his vocation to break the “ mind forg ’d manacles ” which enslave all mankind , Blake saw the great 18th - century revolutions in America and France as not just political acts , but indeed as ruptures in the very metaphysical substance of reality .
The narrative is typical Blake , encoded in a biblical language so personal that it remains inscrutable as it is beautiful .
The angel Orc , rebelling against the anti-Christ surrogate Albion , prophecies that “ The morning comes , the night decays , the watchmen leave their stations / The grave is burst , the spices shed , the linen wrapped up . ”
In a rejection of his servitude , this spirit of independence declaims , “ no more I follow , no more obedience pay . ”
An Englishman writing in England with a heart more American than any of the revolutionaries he celebrates , Blake writes , “ Then had America been lost , o’erwhelmed by the Atlantic , / And Earth had lost another portion of the Infinite ; / But all rush together in the night in wrath and raging fire . ”
But Blake ’s hatred of all kings was consistent , he rejected the idolatrous apotheosis of the god- president Washington , and as is the fate of all revolutionaries , America would ultimately break his heart .
For Blake , no nation proclaiming liberty while holding so many of its people in bondage could claim to be truly independent .
Freedom was still to be found elsewhere .
Madoc ( 1805 ) by Robert Southey
Because his and his friend Samuel Coleridge ’s dreams of founding a utopia on the Susquehanna River would be unrealized , Southey ’s American dreams remained in England , where he composed an unlikely epic charting a counterfactual history imagining epic battles between the Welsh and the Aztecs .
The poem is based on legends surrounding the Welsh prince Madoc , who in the 12th century supposedly escaped civil war in his home country to travel west and dwell among the Indians of America .
There is an enduring quality to these sorts of apocryphal stories of pre-Colombian trans -Atlantic contact .
The Elizabethan astrologer John Dee used these legends as justification for English colonization of the Americas , explorers ranging from Spanish conquistadors to Jamestown natives claimed to have found blonde - haired Welsh speaking Indians , and in Alabama and Georgia historical markers reporting these myths as facts stood as recently as 2015 .
The undeniable excitement and romance of such a possibility is threaded throughout Madoc , which pits Celt against Aztec and druid against pyramid high - priest , with a council of Welsh bards naming the prince a “ Merlin ” to the Americas .
The poem is ready - made for the cinematic treatment , even as its imaginary medieval battles allowed the once idealistic Southey to overlook the unequal violence of historical colonialism , and in the process to embrace an increasingly conservative politics .
Yet the Arthurian fantasy of the story is inescapably fascinating , as Southey asks , “ Will ye believe / The wonders of the ocean ?
how its shoals / Sprang from the wave , like flashing light … / language cannot paint / Their splendid tints ! ”
The Song of Hiawatha ( 1855 ) by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Once Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was the greatest American bard , the most accomplished of the Fireside Poets , whose verse celebrated Yankee independence and liberty .
The question of what America ’s national epic was would be easy for a good Victorian — it could be nothing other than Longfellow ’s The Song of Hiawatha .
And yet the literary critical history of the 20th - century was not kind to the bearded old New Englander .
The degradation has become such that current poet Lewis Putnam Turco derides Longfellow as “ minor and derivative in every way … nothing more than a hack imitator . ”
In the years and decades after its composition , generations of American school - children memorized the opening lines of Longfellow ’s poem : “ On the shores of Gitche Gumee , / Of the shining Big - Sea Water , / Stood Nokomis , the old woman , / Pointing with her finger westward , / O ’er the water pointing westward , / To the purple clouds of sunset . ”
The distinctive trochaic trimeter , borrowed from the Finnish epic
The Kalevala gives the epic a distinct beat intentionally evoking an Indian pow - wow as imagined by Longfellow .
Critical history has not only been unkind to Longfellow , it has also been unfair .
While Freneau and Barlow consciously mimicked European precedents , and Southey constructed his own imaginary representations of the Aztec , Longfellow tried to tell an indigenous story as accurately as he could ( even if his own identity may have precluded that as a possibility ) .
Based on his friendship with the Ojibwa chief Kah - Ge - Ga - Gah - Bowh and the Sauk chief Black Hawk , the poet attempted to use indigenous history and religion to craft a uniquely American epic .
For much of its reception history American readers took the poem as precisely that .
Longfellow ’s tale sung of Hiawatha , a follower of the 12th - century Great Peacemaker of the Iroquoian Confederacy who preached in the western hills around Lake Superior and of New York and Pennsylvania .
Though little read anymore , the poem still echoes as an attempt not just to write an epic for America , but also to transcribe a genuinely American epic .
“ Song of Myself ” ( 1855 ) by Walt Whitman
Both The Song of Hiawatha and “ Song of Myself ” were published in 1855 ; and while the former sold 50,000 copies upon release , Walt Whitman ’s Leaves of Grass , self - published in a Brooklyn print shop , did n’t even sell out its small initial run of 800 .
Of the few reviews published , most seemed to repeat some variation of the critic who called the slender volume “ reckless and indecent . ”
And yet a century and a half later it is Whitman whom we hold in the highest esteem , as America ’s answer to Milton or Blake .
For in Whitman we have the first genuine rupture in American literary history , with the New York poet following Milton ’s lead in “ things unattempted yet in prose or rhyme . ”
For Whitman abandoned the conventional rules of prosody , loosening tongue and ligament to craft a lusty and hearty free verse equal parts Bowery dock - worker and King James Bible .
So what , exactly , was Whitman ’s epic about ?
In short , it took as its subject — simply everything .
The poem is about the “ marriage of the trapper in the open air in the far west , ” and “ The runaway slave ” who came to a house and “ stopt outside , ” and also “ The young men ” who “ float on their backs ” whose “ white bellies bulge to the sun , ” and “ The pure contralto ” who “ sings in the organ loft , ” and “ The quadroon girl ” who is “ sold at the auction stand ” and “ The machinist ” who “ rolls up his sleeves , ” as well as “ The groups of newly - come immigrants . ”
He understood that in a truly democratic society the Golden Age platitudes of the traditional epic form could not truly confront the vibrant , egalitarian reality of lived experience , and so rather than sing of Columbus , or Washington , or Hiawatha , Whitman asks us to “ celebrate yourself . ”
The “ I ” of “ Song of Myself ” is not quite reducible to Whitman as the author , and therein lies the genius of his narration , for he elevates himself in a sort of literary kenosis , becoming an almost omniscient figure for whom the first - person personal pronoun comes to almost pantheistically encompass all of reality .
And though Whitman was a type of mystic , he was always consciously American as well , penning that most American of genres — advertisements for himself .
Complete Poems ( c.1886 ) by Emily Dickinson
Dickinson is not the author of any conventional epic , nor would she have considered herself to be an epic poet .
What she offers instead are close to 2,000 lyrics , so finely and ingeniously structured , so elegant in the relationship between line and image and rhythm , that taken as a whole they offer a portrait of a human mind anticipating death that is as consummate and perfect as any offered by any other poet .
Like Leaves of Grass , the fragments of Dickinson scribbled on the backs of envelopes and scraps of paper present an epic that is secretly , yet simply , the reader ’s own life story .
Dickinson belongs among that collection of the greatest philosophers , whose orientation towards truth is such that she is able to tell us that which we all know , but were unable to say .
Take the line “ I am Nobody !
Who are you ?
/ Are you – Nobody – too ? ”
With her characteristic idiosyncratic punctuation ( that capitalized “ Nobody ! ” ) and the strange , almost - ironic interrogative declaration .
In her logical statement of identity , which is built upon negation , she offered a Yankee version of God ’s declaration in Exodus that “ I am what I am . ”
The Cantos ( c.1915 -62 ) by Ezra Pound
His Cantos are the strangest epic , a syncretic alchemy of American history , Chinese philosophy , and ancient Greek poetry .
Almost impenetrable in their hermeticism , Pound ’s actual phrases were able to distill the essence of an image to their very form .
Yet he was also an anti-American traitor , madman , war criminal , propagandist , and defender of the worst evils of the 20th century .
He was an ugly man , but as a poet he could cut excess down to crystalline perfection :
“ The apparition of these faces in the / crowd ; / Petals on a wet , black bough . ”
Some 20 years after his infamous wartime broadcasts for the Italian fascists , a faded , broken , wrinkled , and ancient Pound found himself living in Venice .
Sitting before the elderly man in that Venetian villa was a balding , magnificently bearded Allen Ginsberg , the Beat poet and Jewish Buddhist , there to break bread with Pound .
Ginsberg brought along some vinyl to play ; he wished to demonstrate to Pound the distinct American speech that threaded from the older poet through Ginsberg and to that other Jewish folk troubadour , this one named Robert Allen Zimmerman .
The younger poet , reportedly forgiving and gracious to a fault , claimed that Pound apologized for his anti-Semitic betrayals during the war .
Yet this was not an act of contrition — it was a request for cheap grace .
Beautiful verse can sprout from poisoned soil .
We can still read him , but that does not mean that we need to forgive him , even if Ginsberg could .
John Brown ’s Body ( 1922 ) by Stephen Vincent Benét
The writer from Bethlehem , Penn. , attempted his classically structured epic poem at an unfortunate cultural moment for classically structured epic poems .
Though it won a Pulitzer Prize a year after it was written , John Brown ’s Body remains largely forgotten .
Though Benét ’s conservative aesthetics that call upon the “ American muse , whose strong and diverse heart / So many have tried to understand ” may seem retrograde , what ’s actually contained is the fullest poetic expression of the definitional moment of American history .
John Brown ’s Body , which teaches us that “ Sometimes there comes a crack in Time itself , ” returns to slavery , the original sin of American history , and to the incomplete war waged to bring an end to the horrors of bondage .
Benét , most famous for his story “ The Devil and Daniel Webster ” ( which if anything has reached the level of fable , its author ’s name largely forgotten ) attempted to craft an epic to commemorate the Civil War while its veterans still lived .
His task is conscious , perhaps thinking of Barlow , Freneau , and others , he writes of his nation “ They tried to fit you with an English song / And clip your speech into the English tale .
/ But , even from the first , the words went wrong . ”
The poem would be mere affectation if not for how beautiful lines of the poem could be , and if not for how important the poet ’s task was , and if not for just how often he comes close to accomplishing it .
The Bridge ( 1930 ) by Hart Crane
From his apartment at 110 Columbia Heights the poet Hart Crane could see that massive structure that began to span from Brooklyn into lower Manhattan .
Like Barlow , Crane borrows the character of Columbus , as well as other semi-mythic American personages such as Pocahontas and Rip Van Winkle in leading up to his own experience of seeing this new wonder of the world unite two formerly separate cities .
Beneath the shadow of the bridge he asks , “ How many dawns , chill from his rippling rest / The seagull ’s wings shall dip and pivot him , / Shedding white rings of tumult , building high / Over the chained bay waters Liberty . ”
The poem was written as a rejoinder to the pessimism in that other epic , T.S. Eliot ’s The Waste Land .
Crane ’s own life could be desperate : alcoholic and dead at 32 from his own hand after being savagely beaten by a homophobic crowd .
Yet in The Bridge he tries to marshal that definitional American optimism , this sense of a New World being a place that can make new people .
A contemporary critic noted that the poem , in “ its central intention , to give to America a myth embodying a creed which may sustain us somewhat as Christianity has done in the past , the poem fails . ”
And yet whether this is said fairly or not , it misses the point that all epics must in some sense be defined by failure , the only question is how well you failed .
By this criterion , in its scope , breadth , ambition , and empathy , Crane failed very well .
“ Middle Passage ” ( c.1940 ) by Robert Hayden
Benét intuited that slavery was the dark core of what defined this nation , and that no understanding of who we could be can ever really begin till we have fully admitted to ourselves what we have been .
The poet Robert Hayden concurred withBenét , and his “ Middle Passage ” was a black expression of the horrors and traumas that defined American power and wealth , a moral inventory that explicates the debt of blood owed to the millions of men , women , and children subjugated under an evil system .
His epic is one of the fullest poetic expressions of the massive holocaust of Africans ripped from their homes and transported on the floating hells that were the slave ships of the middle passage , telling the narrative of “ Middle Passage : / voyage through death / to life upon these shores . ”
No complete personal memoir of the middle passage survives ( with the possible exception of 1789 ’s The Interesting Narrative of Olaudah Equiano ) and so Hayden had to make himself a medium or a conduit for voices that were silenced by the horrors of slavery , writing of “ Shuttles in the rocking loom of history , / the dark ships move , the dark ships move . ”
Hayden had certainly never been in the stomach of a slave ship himself , and yet he conveys the knowledge that “ there was hardly room ‘ tween - decks for half / the sweltering cattle stowed spoon - fashion there ;/ that some went mad of thirst and tore their flesh / and sucked the blood . ”
“ Middle Passage ” is such a consummate American epic precisely because it enacts the central tragedy of our history , but its ending is triumphant , depicting the emergence of a new hybridized identity , that of the African - American .
The conclusion of Hayden ’s poem is inescapable : all that is most innovative about American culture from our music to our food to our vernacular to our literature has its origins in the peoples who were brutally forced to this land .
Paterson ( 1946-63 ) by William Carlos Williams
Of course a town like Paterson , N.J. , could generate an epic five - volume poem , penned by her native son , the pediatrician - bard William Carlos Williams .
True to his Yankee ethic , Williams ’s philosophy was one that was vehemently materialist , practical in its physicality and imploring us to “ Say it !
No ideas but in things . ”
In Paterson Williams ’s answered Eliot ’s obscure Waste Land with a poetic rejoinder , one that rejected the later poet ’s obscurity and difficult language with a paean to the lusty American vernacular every bit the equal of Williams ’s fellow New Jerseyite Whitman .
That language flowed as surely as the Passaic River across those five volumes , and over two decades of writing .
What the poem provides is a thorough and deep history of this particular place , using it as a reflective monad to encompass the history of the entire country from colonialism , through revolution and industrialization into the modern day .
In Williams ’s epic the reader experiences , “ The past above , the future below / and the present pouring down : the roar , / the roar of the present , a speech –/ is , of necessity , my sole concern . ”
Howl ( 1955 ) by Allen Ginsberg
The Blakean New Jerseyite may have implored us to topple Moloch ’s statue , but we used his poem to sell coffee , jeans , and computers .
A criticism of the Beats was always that their modus operandi was more style than substance , a disservice to Howl , which when read free of the accumulated cultural debris that surrounds it is still thrillingly inspired .
“ I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness , starving , hysterical , naked ” ( at a tender age I inscribed those very lines around the white edge of a pair of black Converse hi-tops with a purple felt pen ) .
Howl can seem a mere product of the mid-century counterculture , but that does n’t mean that his bop Kabbalistic vision of the sacred embedded within the grit and muck of marginalized people — the radials , and junkies , and queers , and addicts , and drunks — does n’t remain profoundly beautiful .
Ginsberg sings the song of “ Angel - headed hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection / to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night . ”
Dedicated to one of these lost children of America , Carl Solomon , who Ginsberg met in a Patterson mental hospital , Howl ’s vision is profoundly redemptive , despite its depiction of an America that is more Babylon than “ City on a hill . ”
The Battlefield Where the Moon Says I Love You ( 1972 ) by Frank Stanford
The poet Frank Stanford marshaled that Southern history that hangs as thick as a blanket of lightning bugs on a humid July night in his brilliant The Battlefield Where the Moon Says I Love You .
If not America ’s great epic than it is surely the South ’s , where the poem is all moonshine and Elvis Presley , yet not reducible to its constituent parts .
Following the lead of modernists like E.E. Cummings , Stanford produced a massive poem devoid of punctuation and reproduced without any stanzas , one that never reached the heights of canonicity despite being celebrated by poets like Alan Dugan as among the greatest American works of the 20th century .
The Battlefield Where the Moon Says I Love
You endures as a half - remembered phantom born out of a particular Southern dark genius , and now almost folk - myth as much as it is actual text , out of print for years at a time .
Stanford , who killed himself with three pistol shots to the chest at the age of 30 in 1978 endures as a literary ghost , still searching for a deserving audience .
As he wrote , “ Death is a good word .
/ It often returns / When it is very / Dark outside and hot , / Like a fisherman / Over the limit , / Without pain , sex , / Or melancholy .
/ Young as I am , I / Hold light for this boat . ”
The New World ( 1985 ) by Frederick Turner
Perhaps a central anxiety of American literature , which reflects on the endlessly novel and regenerative possibilities of this Golden Land , is that as the clock ticks forward we become less and less new .
Hence the necessity to continually reinvent , to “ make it new ” as Pound put it .
The Neo-Formalist poet Frederick
Turner takes this injunction very literally with his provocative science fiction epic appropriately titled The New World .
Set in a fantastic 24th century , Turner envisions a fractured and disunited states of America born out of the fissures and inconsistencies that always defined American cultural identity .
There are now groups like the anarchic Riots , the Eloi- like Burbs , the theocratic Mad Counties , and the Jeffersonian Free Counties .
What follows is an archetypal story of family feuding , exile , and messianism across these designated polities , and in the process Turner tells a narrative about America ’s history by imagining America ’s future .
Invoking the muse , as is the nature of the epic convention , Turner writes “ I sing of what it is to be a man and a woman in our time . ”
What follows is a circus - mirror reflection of America , brilliantly harnessing the potential of science fiction as a modern genre and using the vehicle of the seemingly moribund epic form to sing a new story .
The future setting of Turner ’s epic serves to remind us that this mode , so much older than America , will also outlive us .
The Forage House ( 2013 ) by Tess Taylor
As genealogy - obsessed as we may be , many Americans have an anxiety about fully recognizing their own reflections in past mirrors , with the full implications of where we ’ve come from steadfastly avoided .
Poet Tess Taylor writes , “ At first among certain shadows / you felt forbidden to ask whose they were . ”
In The Forage House she crafts an American epic by writing a personal one ; she interrogates the long - dead members of her own lineage , pruning the tendrils of her family tree and discovering that while genealogy need not be destiny , it also must be acknowledged .
A native Californian , she is descended from both New England missionaries and Virginian slave owners , with one ancestor in particular , Thomas Jefferson , as enigmatic a cipher as any for the strange contradictions of this land .
Jefferson may not have admitted that branch of his family tree sired through his slave Sally Hemings , but Taylor seeks out her black cousins .
To do this is n’t an issue of political expedience , but one profoundly and necessarily urgent in its spiritual importance .
Perhaps it is in the collection of people that constitute a family , and indeed a nation , where we can identify an epic worthy of the nation .
Rugged individualism be damned , we ’re ultimately not a nation of soloists , but a choir .
Citizen : An American Lyric ( 2014 ) by Claudia Rankine
The dark irony of the word “ citizen ” as the title of Rankine ’s poem is that this postmodern epic explores the precise ways that this nation has never treated its citizens equally .
Combining poetry , creative nonfiction , and a stunningly designed image , Citizen has the appearance of a photography magazine but the impact of a manifesto .
The cover of the book depicts a gray hood , isolated in a field of white , presented as if it were some sort of decontextualized object or museum piece .
But the hoodie calls to mind the murdered Florida teenager Trayvon Martin ; Citizen ensures that we can never view an artifact as this out of context .
The awareness that Citizen conveys is that this is a nation in which a black child like Martin , simply walking home from the store with iced tea and Skittles , can be killed by an armed vigilante who is then acquitted by a jury of his peers .
But it would be a mistake to think that Rankine ’s poem is some sort of sociological study , for as helpful as the adoption of terms like “ privilege ” and “ intersectionality ” have been in providing a means for political analysis , Citizen displays the deep , intuitive wisdom that only poetry can deliver — racism not simply as a problem of policy , but also as a national spiritual malady .
From Frederick Douglass ’s
“ What to the Slave is the Fourth of July ? ” to Citizen , conservative critics have purposefully obscured the purposes of these poetic sermons .
Yet what Rankine attempts is profoundly American , for Citizen conveys that any America falling short of its stated promises is an America that betrays its citizens .
As she writes , “ Just getting along should n’t be an ambition . ”
In answering what our national epic is , Uncle Walt said that “ The United States themselves are essentially the greatest poem ; ” the importance of Citizen is that it reminds us that this poem has yet to be fully written .
Image Credit : Wikimedia Commons .
[ Updated at 5:44 p.m. , July 12 ]
Three people - not six , as police initially said - are dead after Monday 's shooting at a business in Albuquerque , according to Police Chief Ray Schultz .
The three dead include the shooter , who turned a gun on himself , according to police .
[ Updated at 2:58 p.m. , July 12 ]
A former employee shot and killed five people at a business Monday in Albuquerque before turning the gun on herself , New Mexico authorities said .
Police said officers responded to a 911 call at 9:26 a.m. ( 11:26 a.m. ET ) that multiple shots had been fired .
When officers entered the building , they found a total of 10 people shot : four were dead , including a man believed to be the shooter , officials said .
CNN mistakenly reported earlier that the shooter was believed to be a woman .
Are you there ?
Please send your pictures , videos and stories to CNN's iReport.com
Two people have died as a result of gunshot wounds , two are in stable condition , and two others are receiving emergency medical attention , police said .
" We believe this incident to be a domestic - violence workplace situation , " Albuquerque Police Chief Ray Schultz said .
One of the victims , Schultz said , is believed to be the wife or girlfriend of the shooter , who was a current employee at Emcore Coporation .
According to CNN affiliate KRQE , police said the shooter had been involved in a past domestic violence incident .
FULL STORY
Announcing Sore Thumb , a thumbnail and image processing module for Django
I recently worked on the re-design of 2 Degrees , which required a lot of image processing on thumbnails .
The thumbnails where to be in a variety of different sizes , all with rounded corners and keylines on a selection of virtually identical off - white backgrounds and gradients .
And they all had to work on IE6 * spit * without the transparency hack .
A lesser engineer may have told the front - end developer where to stick his rounded corners , but I did n't want see a grown man cry , so I built Sore Thumb , an on - the - fly thumbnail and image processing system for Django .
Sore Thumb uses a declarative method of defining thumbnails , similar to Django 's model and form definitions .
Here 's an example of how to declare a thumbnail processor that produces a 120x100 pixel thumbnail with 10 pixel rounded corners and a dark grey keyline :
from sorethumb.djangothumbnail import DjangoThumbnail from sorethumb.filters.defaultfilters import ThumbnailFilter from sorethumb.filters.drawfilters import RoundedCornerFilter class RoundedCornersEdged ( DjangoThumbnail ) : format = ' png ' filters = [ ThumbnailFilter ( 120 , 100 ) , RoundedCornerFilter ( 10 , border = ' # 333 ' ) ]
Once this class has been imported , the thumbnail processor will be available in templates via the sorethumb filter which takes a Django FileField and returns the url to the thumbnail .
For example :
{ % load sorethumb %} < img src= " {{ profile .
photo | sorethumb :" rounded_corners_edged " }} />
You will also need to add sorethumb to your INSTALLED_APPS for this to work .
That 's pretty much all there is to working with Sore Thumb , see these examples for inspiration and the documentation for the details .
You can install sorethumb with easy_install , PIP , or directly from source :
easy_install - U sorethumb
Please let me know what you think of Sore Thumb .
I 'd rather not spend too much time maintaining it , but since most of the code has been in production for a number of months already , there should n't be many changes required .
If you have any feature requests or bug - reports , now would be a good time to raise them while I have the time to do the work !
Christina Odone , the Catholic writer , said : “ Peter himself would be the first to admit that he is no authority on the subject .
And perhaps it would be good , rather than have some polemical , knee - jerk reaction to the Pope if Channel 4 would be interested in actually shedding light on a figure who is so important , and so often misinterpreted and misunderstood - and of whom more needs to be known .
I do n’t think the founding father of [ gay rights pressure group ]
Outrage ! is the right person for this . ”
This week , the writers tugged at our character ’s story lines , getting everything just taut enough to snap in a few more episodes .
In between the series ’ most bizarro sex scenes ( ouch , Lorena ’s neck ! ) , a working - class werewolf , and a double entendre we ’re still marveling over , Bon Temp was abuzz with bad tidings .
Hoyt finds a body .
Jason fails a test .
Pam gets a playmate .
Sookie takes an escort .
Lafayette contemplates a business perk .
Eric tries being a gentleman .
Bill does not .
And someone besides Yvetta finally sleeps with a vampire .
Although maybe not the one you think .
Will Gran ’s House Ever Get Clean ?
In a bit of genre play left over from last week , the show gives Sookie ’s bullet ( heading toward the werewolf in her living room ) the slow - mo Matrix treatment .
Eric wants to keep the beast alive for questioning , but when he dives in to take the bullet , the wolf figures out he ’s no mortal and goes in for the V .
During the fracas , Sookie does her best damsel in distress — lips parted , chest heaving .
She bats her doe eyes and gulps just so .
When the wolf refuses to reveal who its master is , Eric makes quick work of his jugular .
A pool of blood seeps out onto Gran ’s faded Oriental carpet .
Eric looks up at Sookie and says , “ Got your rug all wet . ”
Um , could someone pass us the smelling salts ?
At the cemetery , Eric gives Sookie tips on disposing of werewolves — fresh graves are ideal — then offers to walk her back home .
Sookie wonders if Jackson , the word she overheard the werewolf thinking , could be his name .
“ Jackson ’s where he lives , ” says Eric , “ He had a Mississippi accent .
Ca n’t you people tell the difference ? ”
Yes !
Our second meta lulz ( the first was Sookie ’s imitation of Bill saying “ Sook - hay ” ) this season , and a “ you people ” to boot !
We like a show that can make fun of itself .
Back at her doorstep , Sookie and her side ponytail continue to toy with Eric ’s emotions , but she refuses to admit he has any .
To the Manner Born
Someone makes Lorena stop , drop , and roll into a Celtic tapestry .
For a few minutes she looks like a hot dog left too long on the grill , but ends up no worse for the wear .
The king is unexpectedly even - keeled about the whole thing considering Bill tried to burn his guest alive .
Edgington gently chastises
Bill about his fangs , calmly motions for him to sit , and commiserates with him about Lorena ’s immaturity .
“ Do you know she wanted me to make you watch while she killed your human ? ”
Finally , a worthy caliber of villain .
Bill forces out a half - smile , suddenly realizing what game they ’re really playing .
Talbot , still miffed about his tapestry , gets in some good digs at Cooter ’s incompetence and low - brow tastes ( “ Zima , correct ? ” ) .
Sookie ’s still missing and the werewolf sent to fetch her is nowhere to be found .
Recognizing that he ’s trapped in Castle Crazytown with a bunch of power - hungry megalomaniacs , Bill agrees to renounce the queen .
In return , the king calls off his dogs .
Body count :
With a political coup on the horizon , we imagine they ’ll start piling up any day .
Filling the Void
Did Tara learn nothing from Lafayette ’s Ghosts of Christmas Future field trip ?
High on a cocktail of abandonment and desperation , she lets Franklin ravage her in his hotel room .
At first , it ’s hard to tell what exactly is going on .
Franklin opens his mouth like the Mummy summoning a tidal wave of sand and Tara ’s pupils disappear into the back of her head .
The next morning , she asks him what the hell happened .
“ You lost yourself to the void . ”
Sounds about right .
Franklin , who alternates between toying with her hair and staring creepily into the distance , tries to get to know his new conquest , but Tara just wants to feel less .
No sooner has she stepped back from the precipice and moved back into Gran ’s than Franklin comes a - callin ’ .
Tara refuses him : “ I have a terrible track record of letting people into this house . ”
Amen to that .
But Franklin glamours his way in anyhow .
Bite count : None .
Tara asked , but Franklin was hoping for a little more of a tussle .
Booty count : Tara and Franklin , sitting in a dysfunctional tree .
“ Lie Back , Sweetheart , and Think of Estonia . ”
Jessica calls
Pam up for advice about what to do about the missing body , but Pam ( sporting video - vixen hair and Über - femme leather ensemble ) is in the middle of something .
Yvetta ’s thighs to be exact .
We ’re guessing by the flawless makeup that she was n’t down there for the femoral artery .
Pam tries to rush Jessica through the story : “ Did you call the hypothetical hardware store to buy the theoretical chainsaw ? ”
But she hurries back for seconds .
We get confirmation on our theory from last week soon enough when Franklin stops by Casa Compton with the trucker ’s head in a shopping bag , hoping for a little quid pro quo .
Now that he ’s gotten rid of Jessica ’s fetid little problem , she should tell him everything she knows about Bill .
Booty count :
This is pretty much Yvetta ’s job description .
A Blessing and a Curse
Arlene finally goes to the doc , but the news is n’t good .
Sure , her “ critter ” is healthy , but it ’s also 9 weeks old , which means Renee ( season one ’s fauxCajun serial killer ) is the daddy .
She wants to tell Terry , but it ’s hard to disabuse someone when they tell you you ’ve given their life meaning .
A little PSA to the ladies of Bon Temps : Between Terry , Sam , and Hoyt , you ’re really doing your part to propagate the notion that nice guys finish last , or , you know , end up unknowingly raising a sociopath ’s kid .
Lafayette also gets a mixed bag .
Eric shows up with the keys to a convertible as a gift for his best salesman .
On the one hand , selling it could help Lafayette keep his family members in padded rooms and Klonopin .
On the other , he’d be accepting a ride from a sadist and drawing attention to his extracurricular activities .
Destiny and Disappointment
Sam scampers back to Merlotte ’s as quick as his hind legs can carry him , but the Mickens clan follows , a little too eager to take part his good fortune .
He wakes in the middle of the night to find his study ( and possibly his safe ) broken with a pair of jeans on the ground and a shifter bird flying out the window .
We ’re betting Mama Bear is the actual criminal mastermind in this lot .
Underneath Tommy ’s bitterness and Joe Lee ’s love affair with underwear the color of newspaper left too long in the sun , they ’re probably harmless .
Mrs. M. seems a little too cloying to be sincere .
Jason might be 0 for 22 on the practice test , but he ’s still confident about his abilities .
After all , his girlfriends have gotten successively hotter , why should n’t his prospects ?
We ’re guessing he forgot about Party Down ’s Lizzy Kaplan as the V - snorting free spirit from season one .
Because , c’mon ( NSFW ) .
At the test , Jason ca n’t decipher the multiple - choice hieroglyph and starts seeing holes in people ’s heads again .
But there may yet be an opening on the force yet .
When Hoyt finds the trucker ’s body in a drain , sheriff Dearborne , sick of murders that pop up like so much crabgrass , quits .
We like that the show ’s dispensing with the murder mystery this season .
Vampire politics are so much more compelling .
Sookie ’s Dance Card
You might think werewolves only come in two varieties : Biker and Nazi .
Not so !
Eric ’s choice of bodyguard for Sookie gives us our first glimpse of the Lumberjack model .
( Now with tighter delts ! )
Alcide Herveaux has Sam ’s bootstrapped work ethic , Eric ’s sex appeal , and Bill ’s manners .
Of course , he has n’t said much so far , so we ’re basing all of this on the slope of his shoulders .
But they spoke to us .
At Lou Pine ’s , the oldest were bar , in Mississippi , Sookie plays dumb again , but this time with a little more canniness .
Dressed “ like dinner ” in a virginal white top , she works the weres into a tizzy , crowing about the superior strength of vampires until one of them reveals ( telepathically ) that he fed on a vamp last night .
Sookie narrowly avoids getting raped ( for the umpteenth time ) .
On the way out , the bouncer lets it slip that Alcide ’s ex , Debbie , got engaged to Cooter and the party ’s tomorrow night .
Guess we ’re headed to a biker engagement .
Wonder what the gift protocol is for one of those things .
A Pox on Your Flashback
This week ’s flashback answered the age - old question :
What makes one vampire want to set fire to another vampire ?
After turning him against his will , Lorena warned him never to return to his human family .
But after an epidemic of the pox , Bill ignores her advice and shows up at the Compton house to help his wife bury their son .
Caroline ’s response to finding out Bill ’s a vampire ( think Vivian Leigh ) confirms his worst fears :
There ’s no place for him in the human world .
Then Lorena shows up to make things more miserable .
Back in the present , Lorena barges into Bill ’s room to gloat about Sookie .
He concedes , “ You ’ve deprived me of my freedom , my home , my humanity , but I will never love you . ”
Now , what might be the best way to drive that point home ?
How about hate sex on his four - poster bed ?
Bill plunges his fangs into her neck , but he still ca n’t stand looking at her , so he takes her neck and twists it around until her face is turned away .
Does this means Sookie gets to cheat too ?
Bite count : Bill biting Lorena .
Body count :
We wish .
Booty count :
The neck - turnin ’ , hateful kind .
More Recaps :
Entertainment Weekly ’s Ken Tucker thought Sam ’s family was straight out of Hee Haw , Talbot ’s Zima joke bombed , and Franklin should get a spin - off .
RTT
News struggled to find a family - friendly way to talk about the episode ’s “ sheer weirdness and over - the - top vampire sexuality . ”
No shit .
The Star Ledger saw a touch of The Exorcist in Bill and Lorena ’s neck play .
Acting on orders from California regulators , Pacific Gas and Electric Co. on Monday released 667 pages of reports on the installation of the utility 's SmartMeters , whose accuracy has been questioned by a growing number of customers .
PG&E posted on its Web site four years ' worth of update reports that the utility had filed with the state , detailing both progress and problems with installing the digital electric and gas meters , which transmit their data via wireless technology .
The California Public Utilities Commission launched an investigation into the meters ' accuracy after customers blamed the devices for soaring utility bills .
Last week , the commission 's president ordered PG&E to make public all the monthly updates filed with the commission .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
But PG&E , California 's largest utility , also used the reports ' release on Monday to strike a new , more contrite tone with the public .
When complaints about the meters surfaced last year , the company responded by blaming the soaring bills on hot weather and a change in electricity rates .
But in recent weeks , San Francisco's PG&E has admitted finding problems in more than 43,300 meters , out of the 5.7 million that have been installed .
The company has criticized its own initial response to the controversy and promised to do better , while insisting that more than 99 percent of the devices installed appear to be working perfectly .
" We have confidence in this technology and in our program , " said Helen Burt , senior vice president and chief customer officer for PG&E .
" At the same time , we recognize that some customers question whether they can have faith in our SmartMeter program , and frankly , in PG&E .
Restoring this trust is absolutely critical to us . "
The company is still unwilling , however , to stop installation of SmartMeters while investigators study their accuracy .
" We know the information is out there , we know the meters work , so no , a moratorium is uncalled for , " Burt said .
The reports released Monday provide extensive details on the project , although the language is sometimes cryptic for a lay reader , relying heavily on acronyms and jargon .
But they do reveal interesting twists in the program .
In March , for example , one of the companies that makes SmartMeter components - Silver Spring Networks - found a problem with a component that helps the devices communicate over a computer network .
PG&E placed a hold on installing 290,000 of the meters that could be affected by the problem .
In another instance , the company returned 117,000 meters - under warranty - to one of the device manufacturers , after the manufacturer found that some of the meters were n't storing or sending their data properly .
The reports ' release did not placate SmartMeter critics .
" There is still the unanswered question as to why so many customers have seen a spike in recorded energy usage following installation of a SmartMeter in their residence , " said state Sen.
Dean Florez , D - Shafter ( Kern County ) .
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5f3053ef0134853e4683970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Why " The Last Airbender " Will Be Considered a Classic in 30 Years :
U.S. House Price Forecast 2010 to 2015
This is the first model I ever did for a bubble popping :
I worked that out in March 2008 and after a bit of fluffing around I published it in September / October .
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article6250.html
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article6668.html
That was after I had tried to get it published in “ The Journal of Economics and Business ” .
But they refused to put it up for peer - review on account of they said it was about “ accountancy and valuation ” , and “ real ” economists have MUCH more important things to worry their pretty - little heads about .
Like most models , this one works perfectly explaining the past , but then like Niels Bohr once said , “ prediction is difficult , particularly the future ”
I made two mistakes :
The first was that in early 2008 I had n’t imagined that the US Banking system was in such bad shape .
Although in my defence I was n’t the only one ; remember that was before Hank Paulson stood up ( in July 2008 ) and declared “ The US Banking System is a Safe and Sound One ” ( was he clueless or was he a liar ? ) , and all the Great Economists and all the Kings Horses were lined up singing in four - part - harmony “ do n’t worry , we can put Humpty back together again ” .
There again if banks had been obliged to value their assets using International Valuation Standards and to honestly report those valuations to shareholders and counter - parties then simple - minded people like me would not have been fooled .
My mistake was dumb innocence .
In that respect , nothing has changed ; banks , and banking regulators still do n’t have a clue what the assets on their balance sheets are worth and the name of the game as spelled out in the New Financial Regulations is still to keep the public in the dark and feed them on bull - manure … in case there is “ a crisis of confidence ” , ( the Stress Tests were a good example of that ) .
The difference for me is “ once bitten – twice shy ” .
The red line shows where that model would have ended up if I ’d considered what actually happened , which was that nominal GDP grew by an average of 0.7 % over those two years .
The second mistake I made was to under -estimate how hard the US Government would try and “ socialize ” the problem , i.e. share the pain amongst society in general rather than letting those who had made the “ malinvestments ” get wiped out .
That was done by allowing banks to “ extend and pretend ” , tax credits , and a massive injection of public funds into the pockets of “ God ’s Workers ” and the mortgage machine ( these days over 90 % of all mortgages written in USA are underwritten by the state - owned mortgage companies ) .
If they had n’t done that , then according to my calculation the Case - Shiller 20 City Index would be about 130 now , so I guess they “ achieved ” something with all that frenetic activity , although I ’m not quite sure what , or what the cost was to “ achieve ” whatever it was they achieved ?
But that ’s the past … what about the future ?
Let ’s suppose ….
1 : The main driver of ( nominal ) economic growth in USA for the next five years will be house prices .
That ’s not a completely unreasonable notion since arguably it was the main driver for the past ten years .
First as a huge amount of liquidity was pumped into the system via the “ My House is an ATM ” great - minds - economic stimulus strategy , and second , after the ATM broke down , via the “ Oh dear , NOW you tell me I ’m supposed to pay that money back ” un-stimulus economic strategy .
Do the arithmetic and it ’s not hard to build a model with a 80 % R - Squared on that , which ( historically ) explains what happened a lot more accurately than the “ consensus ” economic forecasts for example in The Economist .
Currently the “ consensus ” is predicting 4.8 % nominal GDP growth for 2010 year on year although there is no reason to suspect that they will be any closer to the mark this time around than they were in the past ( “ The Consensus ” were predicting 5 % for 2009 in 2008 ) .
So in that sense Nobel Prize Winning Economist Professor Paul Krugman was spot - on the button when he urged Alan Greenspan to “ save the American economy ” by creating a housing bubble in 2001 .
He was absolutely correct ( I suppose that ’s why he got a Nobel Prize … he must be genius , well for an economist at least ) , a housing bubble most certainly creates “ economic activity ” ( temporarily ) .
Although whether that equates to long - term economic prosperity , is debatable ; more like it orchestrates a transfer of wealth from one set of pockets ( mainly the poor and the middle class ) into another set of pockets ( God ’s Workers ’ and “ Public Servants ” ( of the self - service variety ) ) .
Notwithstanding , the current administration and its agent ( the Fed ) are doing their best to “ reflate ” the popped balloon so that God ’s Workers can get what they are justly entitled to , ( although it looks like that ’s turning out to be a lot easier said than done ) .
Regardless a model that works back to 2000 with an 80 % R - Squared ( on 30 points of data ) , might be a bit rough , but it ’s a better single - line explanatory variable than the ones the “ Great Economists ” appear to be using , so that ’s the one I ’m going to use , for want of a better one .
2 : Long - term interest rates ( 30 - Year Treasuries ) will be driven by nominal GDP , as they have been for the past hundred years .
There is a childish notion making the rounds that the Fed can control the yield on the 30 - Year by helicopter drops … Err…dream on sweetheart .
3 : Not a lot of new houses will be built .
I think Professor Paul Krugman said that ?
If he did then of course , he ’s absolutely right … .
AGAIN !!
4 : The US government and its agent the Fed will continue to do everything they can to re-inflate the housing sector , but ultimately they will fail .
That ’s a bit controversial ; it ’s a bit like someone suggesting ( in 2001 ) that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , and on top of that the Taliban had nothing to do with 9/11 .
So carpet - bombing 30 million people in the poorest and most impoverished country of the world , “ Back into the Stone Age ” ( Donald Rumsfeld ’s Big Idea ) , would be unlikely to “ Win The War on Terror ” ( but it must have felt good ( certainly looked great on TV ) , and $ 1 trillion later ( and counting ) a lot of people still think that was money well spent ) .
TWO SCENARIOS
The main issue is whether the artificial resuscitation of the housing market that is currently being attempted will continue to produce a denial of reality ( Option A ) , or whether the valiant sub - contractors of God ’s Workers will run out of breath ( Option B ) .
In the short term that ’s about whether house prices do a “ Dead Cat Sigh ” and fall down to where they would have been without the artificial respiration ( i.e. to about 130 on the Case Shiller 20 City Index ) , the rest is arithmetic .
With regards to Option A , I give - up when it comes to trying to second guess how hard people will try to shoot themselves in the foot ; about the only thing I can say on that score is they might be running out of ammo .
This is how Option B pans out :
Interesting the model spits out an average 5.1 % growth in nominal GDP over that period ( assuming of course that my thesis that the ONLY thing that drives US nominal GDP is house - prices ( which might be a bit of an over simplification ) ) .
But at least I ’m pretty much in line with the “ Consensus - Seekers ” for a change !!
How much of that is going to be “ real ” and how much will be “ inflation ” ( whatever that ’s supposed to be ) , is something that the “ real ” economists can argue about , personally I think that argument is about as pointless as watching a crowd of Medieval Monks arguing about how many “ God ’s Workers ” you can fit on the end of a pin , but each to his / her own .
So is that “ Good News ” or “ Bad News ” ?
Well I suppose the good news is that according to that calculation a “ doble - dip ” economic recession is probably not on the cards ( depending of course on the outcome of the debate about perceptions of reality ) .
The “ Bad News ” is that the model says there will be another 12 % drop in house prices ( per the Case Shiller 20 City Index ) , but that ’s not really news , foreclosures are not letting up , HAMP has failed , and there is only so long you can extend and pretend without looking ridiculous .
One thing is that the 30 - Year ought to start to tick up a bit from here on in , driven by nominal GDP , it might even get back up to about 5 % by 2015 , which is something to look forward to , although personally I would hesitate to go out and put all your savings into shorting it like Nassim Taleb was recommending last February .
What “ Should ” the Administration and it ’s agent the Fed “ DO ” !!
My advice is take a long holiday , you ’ve done enough over the past ten years !!
NOTES :
The way I look at house prices is as follows :
1 : Long - term the amount of money people are willing ( or able ) to pay for “ shelter ” as a proportion of their disposable income is constant .
2 : Divide that by the number of houses and you get an “ income per house ”
3 : The “ fundamental ” price of houses ( on average in an economy ) is that number divided by a yield which has got something to do with long - term interest rates ( i.e. a “ function ” of the 30 - Year Bond ) , times a constant .
You can have a go at finding out what the constant is and the algorithm for the “ function ” by doing multivariate regression analysis on 100 years of data .
( Turn that around and the “ correct ” way to work out the cost to someone of living in a house he owns is exactly equal to the mark - to - market value at the beginning of the year , multiplied by the yield on the 30 - Year , anything else ( what he might make or lose out of holding the asset or gearing that profit or loss , is irrelevant ) .
4 : How people finance that has got nothing to do with the “ fundamental ” .
When you buy a commercial property the amount of debt the property has , has no bearing at all on the valuation of the property ( outside , in the case of a distressed property , on your assessment ( as the buyer ) of how desperate the seller is to sell , but that ’s not a “ fair ” ( i.e. representative ) market transaction ) .
5 : The propensity of people to “ invest ” or “ gamble ” another ( separate ) part of their disposable income ( or even worse , borrowing money to go and play in the casino ) , betting that house prices might go up , and the amount of gearing they take on to make that bet , is irrelevant to the fundamental ; although that kind of behaviour can lead to bubbles .
6 : Bubbles burst , the first people “ in ” who got “ out ” make a fortune ( George Soros ’ speciality ) , and the ones left holding the baby get wiped out , the dynamics of bubbles create no economic value , they just transfer wealth from one set of pockets to another .
In the case of housing in USA , loans were made to buyers not based on an assessment of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio ( ( DSCR ) how much income the borrower could reasonably be expected to muster to pay the loan back , with interest ) , but on the anticipated future value of the asset that was collateralized ( the future house price ) .
Note :
The “ value ” that matters in such speculation , is not what you could have sold the house for yesterday ( that ’s the number that was written down on the mortgage application and it ’s also the one that is still used by many banks to calculate the value of their “ assets ” ) , the value that matters is what you will be able to sell the house for when whoever borrowed the money from you , decides he ’s not going to pay it back ( with interest ) .
That is a distinction that many bankers forgot , to their cost .
That “ lapse of common - sense ” is speculation , not banking , and that was always dumb ; recent events have illustrated quite clearly that what was dumb in the past ; is Err …. still dumb .
7 : When a bubble bursts the extent of “ under - valuation ” that follows and the period of time of that under-valuation ( below the “ fundamental ” ) is a mirror of the bubble .
That ’s when what the Austrians call the “ debt - induced malivestments ” get washed out of the system in the spin - dry cycle .
Look - see , all those bankers going round and round “ extending and pretending ” … do n’t forget to wave , sweetheart !
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article12114.html
By Andrew Butter
Twenty years doing market analysis and valuations for investors in the Middle East , USA , and Europe ; currently writing a book about BubbleOmics .
Andrew Butter is managing partner of ABMC , an investment advisory firm , based in Dubai ( hbutter@eim.ae ) , that he setup in 1999 , and is has been involved advising on large scale real estate investments , mainly in Dubai .
© 2010 Copyright Andrew Butter - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Andrew Butter Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Alan Wake has the " legs " to continue despite poor sales , creator Remedy has insisted .
Alan Wake , which scored 7/10 in Eurogamer 's review , sold just 145,000 units during the month of May in the US .
The heavily marketed Xbox 360 exclusive finished eighth overall on the software chart .
The game had been on sale for exactly two weeks when the numbers were collected .
" Overall we have been very pleased with the reception of Alan Wake with both the press and the fans alike , " head of franchise development Oskari Hakkinen told VG247 .
" People compliment the story first and foremost , but love the characters , the combat and , of course , the setting .
" There is no doubt that Alan Wake hit the shelves during a very competitive launch window , with some games dominating with extremely aggressive marketing .
" However , weve always tried to stay unique and do something new and different in videogames . "
So , what 's next for Remedy ?
Alan Wake 's poor sales suggest a sequel is unlikely .
Remedy , however , is optimistic .
" This breath of fresh air for gamers seems to now be working to our advantage , as those that have already enjoyed Wake are clearly inspired to talk more about the game and tell their fellow gamers to try it also , " Hakkinen said .
" The word of mouth phenomenon is very apparent with Alan Wake .
There has been a growing interest in the title and it certainly seems to have legs to sustain . "
Alan
Wake was n't the only game that suffered in May .
Split / Second : Velocity notched just 86,000 sales during the two - week period .
Worse were numbers for Bizarre and Activision 's racer Blur , which sold 31,000 units .
Even Prince of Persia : The Forgotten Sands struggled , managing to shift only 100,000 units across five platforms in two weeks .
PREMIER LEAGUE PRE -SEASON :
All your club 's summer fixtures before season 2010 - 2011 kicks off
This summer will be action packed with the World Cup in South Africa set to fill the barren spell between seasons .
But once the tournament is out of the way , fans will be looking ahead to the new season - and the pre-season build - up .
Excitement rises at the prospect of viewing the new talent and kits on offer .
And it 's a great opportunity to size up your squad before the Premier League season starts in earnest on August 14 .
Sportsmail has all the fixtures as soon as they 're announced .
ARSENAL
July 17 , Barnet , Underhill Stadium .
July 21 , Sturm Graz , UPC - Arena , Graz , Austria
July 27 , Neusiedl 1919 , Sportzentrum Neusiedl , Austria .
July 31 , AC Milan , Emirates Cup .
August 1 , Celtic , Emirates Cup .
August 7 , Legia Warsaw , Stadion P , Warsaw .
Back in action : Robin van Persie will be hoping he stays injury free next season
ASTON VILLA
July 18 , Basingstoke , The Camrose .
July 19 , Peterbrough United , London Road .
July 24 , Bohemians , Dalymount Park , Dublin .
July 27 , Walsall , Banks 's Stadium .
July 31 , Feyenoord , San Antonio Stadium , Algarve .
August 1 , Benfica , San Antonio Stadium , Algarve .
August 6 , Valencia , Villa Park .
BIRMINGHAM
July 16 , Hong Kong national team , Hong Kong Stadium .
July 21 , Beijing Guoan , National Stadium , Beijing .
July 24 , Liaoning Hongyun , Olympic Stadium , Shenyang .
July 31 , Derby County , Pride Park .
August 1 , Northampton Town , Sixfields Stadium .
August 3 , MK Dons , Stadium : MK .
August 7 , Mallorca , St. Andrew's .
BLACKBURN ROVERS
July 10 , Sturm Graz , UPC - Arena , Graz .
July 17 , Fleetwood Town , Highbury Stadium .
July 20 , Preston North End , Deepdale .
July 21 , Huddersfield Town , Galpharm Stadium .
July 25 , Rangers , Sydney Stadium , Sydney .
July 28 , AEK Athens , Sydney Stadium , Sydney .
July 31 , Sydney FC , Sydney Stadium , Sydney .
August 7 , Hearts , Tynecastle .
We 've made it : Blackpool 's pre-season plans are coming together - before they join the big league
BLACKPOOL
July 16 , Tiverton Town , Ladysmead .
July 20 , Accrington Stanley , Vicarage Field , Great Torrington .
July 22 , Kilmarnock , The Sports Ground , Bideford .
July 27 , Crewe Alexandra , Gresty Road .
July 31 , Bristol City , Ashton Gate .
BOLTON
July 14 , Charlotte Eagles , Transamerica Field , North Carolina .
July 17 , Charleston Battery , Blackbaud stadium , South Carolina .
July 17 , Bamber Bridge , Irongate .
July 21 , Toronto FC , BMO Field .
July 23 , Chorley , Victory Park stadium .
July 24 , Rochdale , Spotland stadium .
July 27 , Curzon Ashton , Tameside stadium .
July 28 , Morecambe , Globe Arena .
July 30 , Fleetwood Town , Highbury stadium .
July 31 , Falkirk , Falkirk stadium .
August 2 , St Johnstone , McDiarmid Park
August 4 , AFC Fylde , Kellamergh Park .
August 6 , Osasuna , Reebok Stadium .
August 7 , Barrow , Holker Street .
CHELSEA
July 17 , Crystal Palace , Selhurt Park .
July 23 , Ajax , Amsterdam Arena .
August 1 , Eintracht Frankfurt , Commerzbank - Arena .
August 4 , Hamburg , HSH Nordbank Arena .
Champions return : The Blues will be back in action in July
EVERTON
July 10 , Sydney FC , ANZ Stadium , Sydney .
July 10 , Bangor City .
July 14 , Melbourne Heart , Etihad Stadium , Melbourne .
July 17 , Brisbane Roar , Suncorp Stadium , Queensland .
July 17 , Airbus UK ,
July 24 , Preston North End , Deepdale .
July 31 , Norwich City , Carrow Road .
August 4 , Everton Chile , Goodison Park .
August 7 , Wolfsburg , Volkswagen Arena .
FULHAM
July 14 , Brentford , Griffin Park .
July 17 , Bournemouth , Dean Court ,
July 22 , Halmstad , Orjans Vall Stadium , Halmstad .
July 27 , Malmo , Swedbank Stadion , Malmo .
July 30 , Kingstonian , Kingsmeadow .
July 31 , Portsmouth , Fratton Park
August 7 , Werder Bremen , Craven Cottage .
LIVERPOOL
July 17 , Al - Hilal , Cashpoint Arena , Altach , Austria
July 21 , Grasshopper , Letzigrund , Zurich , Switzerland
July 24 , Kaiserslautern , Fritz Walter Stadion
August 1 , Borussia Monchengladbach , Borussia Park .
MANCHESTER CITY
Down and out : City just missed out on Champions League football this term - will they show signs of improvement in the games before the start of next season ?
July 17 , Portland Timbers , Merlo Field , University of Portland .
July 23 , Sporting Lisbon , Red Bull Arena , New Jersey .
July 25 , New York Red Bulls , Red Bull Arena , New Jersey .
July 28 , Club America , Georgia Dome .
July 31 , Inter Milan , Baltimore .
August 4 , Borussia Dortmund , Signal Iduna Park .
August 7 , Valencia , Eastlands .
MANCHESTER UNITED
July 16 , Celtic , Rogers Center , Toronto .
July 21 , Philadelphia Union , Lincoln Financial Field , Philadelphia .
July 25 , Kansas City Wizards , Arrowhead Stadium , Kansas City .
July 28 , MLS All Stars , Reliant Stadium , Houston .
July 30 , Chivas , Estadio Jalisco , Guadalajara , Mexico .
August 4 , Airtricity League XI , Aviva Stadium , Dublin .
NEWCASTLE
July 17 , Carlisle , Brunton Park .
July 24 , Norwich City , Carrow Road .
July 31 , PSV Eindhoven , St James ' Park .
August 7 , Rangers , Ibrox .
Heading up : Newcastle are back in the big time
STOKE
July 22 , Nantwich County , Weaver Stadium .
July 22 , Notts County , Meadow Lane .
July 24 , Newcastle Town , Lyme Valley Stadium .
July 27 , Derby County , Pride Park .
July 31 , Burnley , Turf Moor .
August 3 , Bristol Rovers , Memorial Ground .
August 6 , Wrexham , Racecourse Ground .
SUNDERLAND
July 13 , Munster XI , Thomond Park , Limerick .
July 17 , Darlington , Northern Echo Arena .
July 21 , Brighton , Estadio Municipal , Albufeira , Portugal .
July 24 , Hull , Estadio Municipal , Albufeira , Portugal .
July 27 , Benfica , Estadio Municipal , Albufeira , Portugal .
July 31 , Leicester City , Walkers Stadium .
August 8 , Hoffenheim , Rhein - Neckar Arena .
TOTTENHAM
July 10 , Bournemouth , Dean Court .
July 18 , San Jose Earthquakes , Buck Shaw Stadium , San Jose .
July 23 , New York Red Bulls , Red Bull Arena , New Jersey .
July 25 , Sporting Lisbon , Red Bull Arena , New Jersey .
July 28 , Leyton Orient , Brisbane Road .
July 29 , Villarreal , White Hart Lane
August 3 , Benfica , Estadio da Luz .
August 3 , Ipswich Town , Portman Road ( Tottenham XI )
August 7 , Fiorentina , White Hart Lane
Euro dream : Spurs are in Europe 's elite competition next season and head to America for their warm up
WEST BROMWICH
July 10 , Kidderminster Harriers , Aggborough .
July 17 , VVV Venlo , Seacon Stadion , Venlo .
July 24 , Bristol Rovers , Memorial Stadium .
July 27 , Doncaster , Keepmoat Stadium , Doncaster .
August 7 , Osasuna .
WEST HAM UNITED
July 14 , Peterborough United , London Road .
July 28 , MK Dons , Stadium : MK .
July 31 , Ipswich Town , Portman Road .
August 7 , Deportivo la Coruna , Upton park .
WIGAN
July 20 , Oldham , Boundary Park .
July 24 , Marine , Rossett Park .
July 31 , Robin Park , Robin Park Arena .
August 1 , Chester FC , Deva Stadium .
August 7 , Kendal Town , Lakeland Radio Stadium .
August 8 , Dundee United , Tannadice Park .
August 10 , Altrincham , Moss Lane .
WOLVES
July 17 , Bohemians , Dalymount Park .
July 24 , RSC Charleroi , Stade du Pays de Charleroi .
July 20 , Walsall , The Banks Stadium , Walsall .
July 27 , Reading , Madejski Stadium .
July 31 , Leeds United , Elland Road .
August 3 , Hearts , Tynecastle .
August 7 , Athletic Bilbao , Molineux .
The research was performed by scientists from the Netherlands , with the results of their study published in July 2010 issue of The FASEB Journal .
Its title is '
How honey kills bacteria ' ( doi : 10.1096 /fj.09-150789 ) .
They state within the abstract of their paper : ' With the rise in prevalence of antibiotic - resistant bacteria , honey is increasingly valued for its antibacterial activity .
To characterize all bactericidal factors in a medical - grade honey , we used a novel approach of successive neutralization of individual honey bactericidal factors . ' The researchers concluded , ' Thus , we fully characterized the antibacterial activity of medical - grade honey . '
 Specifically , the researchers found that bees make a type of protein called defensin - 1 that in the future could be used to treat bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics and , thus , cause infections that are difficult to control .
The June 30 , 2010 Science Daily article ' Honey as an Antibiotic : Scientists Identify a Secret Ingredient in Honey That Kills Bacteria ' quotes Dr. Sebastian A.J. Zaat , from the Department of Medical Microbiology at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Page two reveals what Dr. Zaat said in the Science Daily article
Dr. Zaat , one of the researchers involved in the study , stated , ' We have completely elucidated the molecular basis of the antibacterial activity of a single medical - grade honey , which contributes to the applicability of honey in medicine . ' He adds , " Honey or isolated honey - derived components might be of great value for prevention and treatment of infections caused by antibiotic - resistant bacteria .
" Please read the Science Daily article , mentioned on page one , in more detail to learn more about this discovery with honey and infections .
The authors of the study are : Paulus H. S. Kwakman , Anje A. te Velde , Leonie de Boer , Dave Speijer , Christina M. J. E. Vandenbroucke - Grauls , and Sebastian A. J. Zaat .
A penguin was found on the street in Dublin today after being stolen from the zoo in a suspected prank .
The female penguin was kidnapped by a gang of men at about 8 am from the Phoenix Park and discovered several hours later a few miles away in the north inner city .
It is believe the men broke in to the zoo before carrying the penguin out and making off in a taxi .
Gardaí said officers were alerted to the theft this morning .
Staff at the zoo confirmed that a penguin missing from the facility had been returned .
" Dublin Zoo is naturally relieved that the animal is safe and unharmed and back in the zoo , " a statement said .
" However , we wish to underline our annoyance about this incident .
" The welfare and health of all animals is our primary concern and this kind of incident is not frivolous and is certainly not something amusing . "
The zoo said the incident was a criminal matter and was now in the hands of the Gardaí .
t is understood the penguin was tracked through a microchip , fitted to all animals in the zoo .
The penguin at the centre of the kidnap ordeal was a 10 - year - old female called Kelli .
She is a Humboldt , a small breed native to parts of South America , mainly Chile .
Zoo staff reported the creature was none the worse for her outing after being safely returned to her mate Mick .
It is understood the pranksters climbed into the pen holding the penguins and stole Kelli .
There were no reports of any damage to zoo property .
Pursuant to the Ohio Department of Health ’s directive of March 22 , 2020 professional services such as legal services and law firms are deemed to be “ Essential Businesses and Operations ” and are allowed to remain open during the pendency of this COVID - 19 crisis .
Nobile & Thompson Co. LPA will be open to serve your legal needs .
However during this time of social distancing Nobile & Thompson Co. LPA will follow the Ohio Department of Health ’s directives as to businesses that remain open .
These directives include :
1 . Six foot distances to be maintained between client and staff ;
2 . Hand sanitizer and sanitizing products to be readily available to clients and staff ;
3. Separate hours for vulnerable populations ; and
4 . Posting online whether this business is open and how best to continue services by phone or remotely .
Nobile & Thompson Co. LPA will endeavor to have all meetings and contacts with any clients during this period of crisis be done via telephone , e-mail or another manner that does not involve face to face contact
Thank you for your patience at this time .
Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri has been thrust into the centre of the fraught psychological tensions that dominate relations between Tehran and Washington .
With Tehran keen to exploit every drop of propaganda from the scientist 's alleged kidnap by CIA agents , more revelations are inevitable .
But so far , there are two contradictory narratives about the man , both told in his own words .
In a video message broadcast on Iranian state media on 8 June , a man claiming to be Mr Amiri said he was abducted by US and Saudi agents during a pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia in 2009 .
" They took me to a house located somewhere that I did n't know .
They gave me an anaesthetic injection , " the man said in the video .
He said he was living in Tucson , Arizona , and said he had been subjected to eight months of " the most severe tortures and psychological pressures " .
He described himself as an " expert and researcher " at Malek Ashtar University , but claimed that the US had wanted him to pretend he had stolen nuclear secrets .
This is the version Iranian officials have pushed , and Tehran claims to have passed on to the US evidence that he was abducted .
This is also the version Mr Amiri has now repeated in interviews with Iranian state media .
But another video message appeared on YouTube on the same day as the first , recorded apparently by the same man , entirely contradicting that version of events .
In the second video , he said he was in the US to continue his education , adding : " I am free here and I assure everyone that I am safe . "
He said he was " not involved in weapons research and have no experience and knowledge in this field " .
Malek Ashtar University has long been alleged to have a role in a nuclear weapons programme and on 9 June , the day after Mr Amiri 's initial videos emerged , the university was put under UN sanctions .
' Mystery to many '
Other reports have muddied the waters still further , variously claiming that Mr Amiri had defected to the West and helped the CIA , or that he had actually been employed by Iran 's Atomic Energy Organisation .
Reports from the US quote unnamed officials and security sources as saying Mr Amiri was a low - ranking technician who had defected and provided the US with useful corroborative evidence of Iran 's nuclear programme .
According to these sources , Mr Amiri was put into a witness - protection programme , but became concerned for his family in Iran and , after suffering a breakdown , decided to return to his home country .
Mr Amiri showed up at the Iranian section of the Pakistan embassy in Washington on 13 June and demanded to be returned to Iran .
The Pakistani foreign ministry confirmed to the BBC that he had taken refuge at their embassy - the first time non-Iranian officials had confirmed any details about Mr Amiri .
Later , the US also acknowledged his presence - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying he was in the country " of his own free will " and was free to leave .
After months of flat denials from the state department that they had any information about Mr Amiri , department spokesman Philip Crowley revealed that he had been in the country " for some time " , and the government had " maintained contact with him " .
On 14 July , Iranian officials said he had finally left the US and was on his way back to Iran .
Mr Amiri has promised to clarify all of the allegations made about him when he returns .
" When I am hopefully in my dear country Iran , I can speak to the media and my own people with ease of mind , and tell them about my ordeal over the past 14 months , incidents that have been a mystery to many , " state media quoted him as saying .
All it took for Jacinda Gant to join the ranks of cyclists was a test ride .
A regular walker , she was on Detroit 's RiverWalk in early May and spotted the Wheelhouse at Rivard Park , just east of the Renaissance Center , where bikes are sold , rented and fixed .
Gant , who works in the Salvation Army 's food service offices , wandered up , asked some questions , and checked out a couple of the bikes .
Leaving her purse and keys as collateral , she rode for all of 10 minutes before she rolled back to the Wheelhouse .
Out came the credit card and the 25 - year - old paid for half of a $ 340 model known as a " comfort bike " because its configuration makes it seem more like she 's sitting in a chair than a saddle .
" I have n't had a bike since I was 12 , " Gant says .
" When I got my driver 's license , no more biking .
It was n't cool anymore . "
Three weeks later she had paid for the bike and was a regular rider , pedaling her way through the Motor City .
She reports riding it every day the first week she had it .
" I love the ease of it .
I 'm getting exercise , and it's not even like exercise , " she said last week while casually pedaling among the mass of walkers on the RiverWalk .
" And this is such a great view . "
The New Center resident is one of a growing number of cyclists taking to Detroit 's streets , greenways , sidewalks and — soon — more designated bike lanes throughout the city .
Whether it 's commuters on hybrid road - mountain models , families with children on bikes and in trailers , Lycra - clad club members on carbon - fiber racers or students on cheaper frames with other parts cobbled together , the city 's cyclists could signal the arrival of a pedaling revolution that 's made a mark on other hip cities all over the world .
In fact , because of a blend of conscious city planning , private and public monies , dedicated advocates , plenty of people willing to pedal , and , significantly , city streets built for the heavier car traffic of decades past that now leave room for bikes and designated lanes , Detroit is in a position to lead a two - wheeled transportation renaissance in southeast Michigan .
" I think Detroit is kind of unique for a lot of reasons , " says John Lindenmayer , associate director of the League of Michigan Bicyclists .
" Industries have left , so transportation is one of the many things that have suffered here .
With that being said , I think cycling is one of the most exciting things that 's happening in Detroit right now .
There are a lot of people on the ground . "
Suburbs are continually adding multi-use paths around housing developments , and several municipalities are part of ongoing plans taking advantage of old rail lines to build extensive pathways .
Sixteen communities in Oakland and Macomb counties have collaborated to link the extensive Clinton River and Macomb Orchard trails , and as many as 21 downriver municipalities are looking at bicycle connections there .
Many Metroparks have paved or gravel loops , although advocates say there are n't enough safe , marked routes connecting them to each other .
Still , outside of Detroit , cycling has n't been part of a large - scale , coordinated city planning effort until recently , and Detroit 's plans remain the most advanced and ambitious .
" Historically that just has n't been done , " says Kristen Wiltfang , an associate planner with Oakland County , although she says suburban planners are integrating considerations of safety and other aspects of biking into their thinking .
In Detroit , support for cycling has been breaking away in a way that advocates hope will raise the city 's ranking from the bottom of the American League of Bicyclists list of bike - friendly cities .
A City Council - endorsed plan calls for as many as 400 miles of marked , dedicated bike lanes in the streets — that 's 400 miles more than Macomb County has and 389 more than Oakland County .
The ongoing construction of a network of greenways — which can be marked bike routes along streets , actual separate lanes in the roadways or separate pathways such as the RiverWalk or the Dequindre Cut — is beginning to link the city 's popular spots and has garnered millions in federal dollars and private monies .
" I do think the recent city cycling boom is partly reflected nationally , but also the realization that the streets are empty and flat , and that most of the neighborhood - to - neighborhood commutes in the city are too far to walk , but an easy bike ride , " says Bil Lusa , a lifelong cyclist , resident of Detroit 's Woodbridge neighborhood , and organizer of one of the city 's biggest rides , the September Tour de Troit .
" No one is walking from Corktown to Midtown to downtown to Woodbridge to Eastern Market out to Indian Village and up to Hamtramck , but these are all easy bike rides with lightly traveled surface streets connecting them . "
Part nationwide urban trend , part local movement , part regional planning effort , the Motor City 's moves toward embracing cycling are impressive .
There is a certain irony that the RiverWalk and the Dequindre Cut — which do n't allow cars but manage to effectively connect pedestrians , cyclists and skaters to dining , entertainment and shopping districts — are two of the Motor City 's freshest attractions .
Group rides have exploded in popularity while the city 's population shrinks .
The Tour de Troit annual ride has doubled attendance in each of the last few years and had 2,000 cyclists of all ages , styles and abilities ride its two courses last year .
This year , preparations are being made for 4,000 riders , but " Who knows ? " Lusa quips .
Buses have added bike racks , making it more convenient to ride the downtown routes if you live in the suburbs and do n't want to pedal that far , and the People Mover allows bikes aboard too .
Riders are clamoring for accessibility for whatever new bridge — or bridges — to Canada might be built , since cyclists are n't allowed on the Ambassador Bridge except for one special ride a year .
Suburban cycling groups meet for rides to , and in , the city .
A group of mountain bikers in the spring rode in from Ferndale and hit at least a half - dozen Detroit restaurants and watering holes , also visiting the Riverfront , the Heidelberg Project and the Spirit of Hope Farm in Corktown .
The Hub , a bike shop in the Cass Corridor , supports youth and educational programs with all its profits , and has volunteers staffing many of the bigger organized rides in the city .
The Wheelhouse 's tours — rides to Civil War - related sites , public art and special architecture , for example — fill up .
" We were trying to think of any reasons to get people out on bikes , " says Karen Gage , co-owner of the Wheelhouse .
" We get to show off the cool stuff , why we live here and bike . "
Detroit Bikes ! ( part of the Detroit Synergy group ) runs beginner - level paced monthly rides and the annual Ride to Work Day .
Critical Mass rides draw hundreds of urbanites out to the streets and bars on the last Friday of each month .
Bike commuters are locking up their frames at campuses and downtown offices in increasing numbers by all observations , and cyclists use the RiverWalk for casual rides and a scenic , relaxed stretch of longer city rides .
" Everybody rides here , " Gage says .
" With this location , we get a lot of commuters who are working downtown , bikers who are coming in from Grosse Pointe and Ferndale , and we also see a lot of kids who are just out on rides .
They 're not just on short rides , they 're coming in from all over . "
Reasons for cycling 's popularity in Detroit also include :
Economics : Bikes are cheaper to buy than cars .
Riders ' legs are fueled by their lunch , which they 're going to eat anyway ( instead of a $ 50 trip to the gas pump ) .
And you do n't have to pay to park your bike .
Practicality : Detroit has some bus service , but it does n't reach everyone or provide needed routes for residents ' commutes , shopping trips , entertainment or family visits .
With an estimated 21 percent of Detroit households not owning cars , according to the U.S. Census , bicycles are often a necessary form of transit .
Infrastructure :
As the population has shrunk , so has the number of vehicles on the roads , making them more open for bicycles .
In addition , the growing number of greenways and marked routes connect neighborhoods and encourage riding .
Detroit 's most popular cultural , art and sporting institutions are only a few miles apart , easily rideable distances .
Sure , not all roads are suitable for skinny tires — the bricked sections of Michigan Avenue and the warehouse district are a challenge — but there 's always a relatively smooth route cyclists can find to get from here to there in Detroit .
Environmental consciousness : Cycling waste includes only what the rider exhales .
Compare that to a tailpipe .
No emissions , no noise , no fossil fuels , no carbon wheelprint .
Health consciousness : Riding at any pace is exercise .
Sitting in a car or on a bus is not .
And it 's more convenient than a trip to the gym .
It 's social : Group rides begin and end with a gathering , often at a bar or restaurant .
Conversations can continue during big rides or smaller group commutes .
Cyclists report high - fives , fist bumps and shouts of " good morning " from bus stops that balance the occasional animosity from motorists who take exception to sharing the road .
But in addition to the " bottom - up " groundswell motivated by individual riders , the city has been part of an organized effort to promote not only all alternative forms of transportation — " alternative " meaning " not a car " — but cycling in particular .
" For some people , it 's not happening as fast as they would like , but I think the city has come to recognize there 's some real value to a non-motorized plan .
There seems to be sympathy — much more sympathy than there was a couple years ago , " says Tom Woiwode , director of the GreenWays Initiative at the Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan .
Two years ago , the Detroit City Council adopted such a plan and a task force formed .
The results , thanks to the task force and other advocates , is the planned network of greenways , bike paths and bike lanes that will eventually be — planners hope — the city 's new grid .
The 50 - plus - page report was n't a document that was produced , heralded and then stuck on a shelf .
Its recommendations are being fulfilled .
This year there are new , designated , marked bike lanes on Belle Isle and a few other streets , and the Dequindre Cut 's southern terminus has been extended a few blocks to meet Atwater Street .
Construction has started on the Midtown Loop Greenway that will connect Wayne State University and Midtown businesses and cultural institutions with a marked , landscaped path , and a similar network will connect Corktown and Mexicantown .
Rouge Park has the beginnings of a mountain bike trail , and the Conner Creek Greenway will have new completed sections later this summer .
Woiwode 's employer , the Community Foundation , has ponied up $ 11 million for projects in the city that have leveraged another $ 75 million in matching funds from governmental sources .
" It 's suddenly become acknowledged that those kinds of services serve an awful lot of people .
People are starting to pick up on it , " Woiwode says .
" The city has really embraced the idea of investing heavily in nonmotorized transportation , and it 's been a terrific transition . "
What ?
Detroit outpacing the suburbs in a civic improvement ?
Woiwode responds with an emphatic " Yes . "
No other city he knows of has a staff person dedicated to nonmotorized transportation as Detroit does in Prasad Nannapaneni , who is a traffic engineer in the Department of Public Works .
And the city planners , unlike those in Oakland or Macomb County , for example , do n't have to work with multiple municipalities to coordinate trails and routes .
Routes can stretch for miles and still be in the city 's borders .
Detroit also has a financial advantage in that major road reconfigurations are n't needed for bike lanes .
The space is there .
" The cost of a bucket of paint is a lot less expensive than re-paving seven or nine lanes of highway , " Woiwode says .
Last week , Bicycle Advocacy Day in Lansing brought Michigan 's three statewide cycling advocacy groups to the Capitol to lobby for bike - friendly legislation for the first time .
About 80 people from the League of Michigan Bicyclists , the Michigan Mountain Biking Association and the Michigan Trails and Greenways Association rode the several miles from Michigan State University 's campus to the Capitol .
They congregated on the lawn with their bikes on a rack that stretched out along the main plaza in front of the domed legislature .
They fanned out to meet with representatives and senators , urging support and passage of bike - friendly bills .
Thrilled with the state 's new no -texting - while - driving law that will be effective July 1 , the cyclists are hoping for a few more legislative actions , among them :
The inclusion of bicycle safety in driver 's education curriculum .
Better funding for state parks and recreation areas .
Increased penalties for motorists who injure or kill cyclists , similar to punishments for striking motorized farm vehicles .
Limits on ATV use on public lands .
But the focus of the three groups ' efforts was new proposed legislation urging a " complete streets " policy in transportation planning .
It 's part of a national movement , led by the National Complete Streets Coalition , that seeks to have all users of roadways , not just cars and trucks , considered in construction and maintenance projects on state , county and local roads .
That might mean adding bike lanes or center islands so pedestrians can cross the widest streets in two stoplight cycles instead of trying to run across in one .
It could mean creating space for a bus stop or slowing traffic speed limits in areas with heavy foot traffic .
It could include smoothing curb cuts so wheelchairs and strollers can better traverse the pavement .
Among the ideas are lower speed limits in heavy pedestrian areas , and putting streets on " road diets " — in other words narrowing the car lanes to make room for bike paths or a safe distance between roads and sidewalks .
Traditionally , the chief concern for road planners has been " to see how much asphalt they could put down for cars for the amount of money they had , " says John Crumm , the program manager for planning and environmental services in Macomb County .
" As time has gone on , it 's obvious that people want to use other alternatives for transportation because of the price of gas and everything else . "
The city of Lansing adopted a plan last year , and this year joined Ann Arbor , Grand Rapids , Marquette , Portage and Traverse City as Michigan communities that have earned the Bicycle Friendly designation from the League of American Bicyclists .
The national Complete Streets movement has brought together some potentially powerful voting blocks of people in the American Association of Retired Persons , the Safe Routes to Schools folks , environmental groups , health and fitness advocates — including those focused on reducing childhood obesity — and , of course , cyclists .
Some 21 states have a type of Complete Streets policy , most adopted in the last three years .
Earlier this year , U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood pronounced the federal government would consider how Complete Streets concepts are included in local projects seeking federal funding as the department wants to foster more " livable communities . "
Translation : pedestrian- , bike - and wheelchair - friendly .
LaHood also made Complete Streets part of his focus in his Earth Day blog post , saying there are opportunities to use " highway " funds for such inclusive projects .
" The upcoming reauthorization of DOT 's surface transportation programs provides an opportunity for us to feature bicycling as part of a new American mobility within livable communities , " he wrote .
And the movement is spreading around Michigan .
The Grosse Pointe Board of Realtors endorsed the concept this spring , because communities viewed as family - friendly have higher home values , the thinking goes .
The Detroit Department of Health and Wellness Promotion also just received a grant of federal stimulus money to promote Complete Streets , and that could lead to a City Council discussion about formally adopting a policy by spring of 2011 .
Ferndale has a citizens ' group drafting a possible ordinance for the City Council to adopt , says Melanie Piana , associate director of the Michigan Suburbs Alliance , who spoke at a hearing in favor of the legislation .
The state legislative effort seeks to steer statewide transportation planning toward the Complete Streets concept .
Rep. Jon Switalski ( D - Warren ) and a handful of co-sponsors introduced the bill in early May .
The House Transportation Committee held a hearing last week and could vote it out to the full house this week , Switalski says .
" As policymakers , we think about ... ways to revive our state and our economy .
One element I believe is necessary to revitalizing Michigan is rethinking how transportation policy needs to meet the needs of everyone , including walkers , bikers , those who ride buses , those who drive wheelchairs in order to get around , " he says .
" In essence , that 's what complete streets policy is . "
Among the cycling advocates supporting Complete Streets at the bike lobby day was Michael Reuter , owner of metro Detroit 's six American Cycle and Fitness stores .
The legislation gets at exactly his customers ' most common concern : " Where can I bike safely ? "
Reuter says they ask .
Because many suburban areas do n't have connectors between residential neighborhoods and the hundreds of miles of bike trails , his customers have to drive to a place where they can access the rides .
The Complete Streets idea , he says , would help that problem .
The people and groups behind the RiverWalk and the Dequindre Cut have been working at that concept for years , says Todd Scott , Detroit Greenways coordinator for the Michigan Trails and Greenways Alliance .
As part of his work , Scott advocates and supports trail development within Detroit , Hamtramck and Highland Park and part of that includes efforts to make the Complete Streets approach part of Michigan law .
" We want to be able to ride our bikes to the trails , but trails can't be everywhere .
They 're not going to take us to every location , so we need on - road facilities , " he says .
Scott was among the several supporters who spoke or submitted comments at last week 's committee hearing , but representatives from the Oakland and Macomb county road commissions submitted statements of opposition .
The County Road Association of Michigan , which represents all 83 county road commissions , opposes the bills as well .
" We 're very , very concerned that this could dramatically increase the cost of road projects .
We 're woefully short of having enough money to even maintain the roads we have today , " says Craig Bryson , spokesman for the Oakland County Road Commission .
" If we had to abide by all the requirements in this proposal , we 'd do a lot less roadwork . "
Bryson says road commissions do n't have the staff or the resources to do the kind of additional planning the Complete Streets legislation could require .
" We 're not opposed to the concept of pedestrians and bicycles , those are all great , we support those .
Unfortunately it 's a matter of vastly insufficient funding .
It almost becomes an unfunded mandate , " he says .
Pam Byrnes ( D - Chelsea ) , who co-sponsors the bills , dismisses the unfunded mandate argument and says the policy does not mean increased costs , just a different type of planning that should include more community input up front .
At the hearing for the bills last week , she described a larger southeast Michigan city that had at least two road construction projects that needed to be revisited and restructured to better accommodate pedestrians , cyclists and public transportation users .
" They did n't plan ahead .
They did n't do what they should have done .
Now they have to spend more money to go back and fix the situation , " she says .
" It 's actually costing more money now by not planning ahead . "
For planners who may think areas do n't have enough cyclists to justify considering them in planning , Andy Clark , executive director of the League of American Bicyclists , the country 's oldest cycling organization , has an answer .
Or a question , really .
" How many people were driving across the river before a bridge was there ? " he asked at the League of Michigan Bicyclists annual meeting in March .
" We have to convince the street planners , the road engineers and so on that not only do bikes have a right to ride on the road , but most people wo n't ride on the road unless they feel like there 's space for them . "
In Detroit , there is .
Metro Times staff writer Sandra Svoboda probably rode to work today .
Contact her at 313-202-8015 or ssvoboda@metrotimes.com
It ’s good that Helen Thomas will no longer be in White House press briefings .
Not because she sullied the reputation of the Washington press corps with a few undiplomatic remarks , but because those who lack her boldness and bluntness will no longer be able to use her presence to foster the illusion that American journalism still values courage .
When Thomas was asked during a White House Jewish Heritage Celebration on May 27 ( before the Mavi Marmara massacre ) whether she had any comments on Israel , she said without a pause : “ Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine . ”
“ It ’s their land , ” Thomas asserted , referring to the Palestinians and baldly challenging the notion that Israel was founded on land that belongs to the Jews .
When asked where the Jews should go , she said they should “ go home ” — to Germany , Poland , America or from wherever else they had emigrated to Israel .
As soon as the video ( see below ) of Thomas ’ remarks was made public , Washington ’s mechanisms of tribal discipline swiftly kicked into gear .
Her words were “ unconscionably callous and vile , ” said Andrew Sullivan .
“ Thomas deserved what she got , ” said Dana Millbank .
Both saw her departure as a loss , yet just as President Obama deemed her words “ out of line , ” no one in Washington was willing to go to the heart of what she said .
In 1948 three - quarters of a million Palestinians were driven out of their homes by Zionists in order to make room for the creation of a Jewish state .
For that reason , Helen Thomas , an American of Lebanese descent , apparently believes — as do most people in the Middle East — that the Jewish claim to “ own ” the land on which Israel was created is a claim based on religious dogma rather than historical fact .
Those families who still possess the keys to homes they lost and the legal titles to land on which they were built , see the issue not as one of “ disputed territories ” but as one in which colonizers — like America ’s settlers — grabbed land and then tried to disguise their acts of dispossession by invoking divine authority .
As Thomas has been dumped by her agent , forced to retire and is now ostracized by colleagues who disingenuously profess their admiration for her journalistic courage , Washington once again displays itself as a unique and rather pathetic satellite of Israel .
As the world condemns Israel ’s latest act of unconscionable brutality , America ’s media willingly turns its attention to the “ unconscionable ” words of an 89 year - old woman who had the audacity to say a few blunt words about the Jewish state .
Oy veh !
We never learn :
Grenades made in the United States and sent to Central America during the Cold War have resurfaced as terrifying new weapons in almost weekly attacks by Mexican drug cartels .
Sent a generation ago to battle communist revolutionaries in the jungles of Central America , U.S. grenades are being diverted from dusty old armories and sold to criminal mafias , who are using them to destabilize the Mexican government and terrorize civilians , according to U.S. and Mexican law enforcement officials .
The redeployment of U.S. - made grenades by Mexican drug lords underscores the increasingly intertwined nature of the conflict , as President Felipe Calderón sends his soldiers out to confront gangs armed with a deadly combination of brand - new military - style assault rifles purchased in the United States and munitions left over from the Cold War .
Here is a typical example ...
Which side of the fence ?
If you ever wondered which side of the fence you sit on , this is a great test !
If a Republican does n't like guns , he does n’t buy one .
If a Democrat does n't like guns , he wants all guns outlawed .
If a Republican is a vegetarian , he does n’t eat meat .
If a Democrat is a vegetarian , he wants all meat products banned for everyone .
If a Republican is homosexual , he quietly leads his life .
If a Democrat is homosexual , he demands legislated respect .
If a Republican is down - and - out , he thinks about how to better his situation .
A Democrat wonders who is going to take care of him .
If a Republican does n't like a talk show host , he switches channels .
Democrats demand that those they do n't like be shut down .
If a Republican is a non-believer , he does n't go to church .
A Democrat non-believer wants any mention of God and religion silenced .
If a Republican decides he needs health care , he goes about shopping for it , or may choose a job that provides it .
A Democrat demands that the rest of us pay for his .
If a Republican reads this , he 'll forward it so his friends can have a good laugh .
A Democrat will delete it because he's " offended " .
Well , I forwarded it .
With a just few minutes of copying , pasting , Google searching , some more copying , pasting and with some editing , here is my Reply All response ...
If a Democrat hears about a crime in his neighborhood , he calls the cops , and then finds out if his local police department is adequately funded .
If a Republican hears about a crime in his neighborhood , he buys a gun and gets shot by his wife when he 's drunk .
Unless his kid used it to shoot the neighbor kid first .
If a Democrat has a religion , he practices it at home and at church .
If a Republican has a religion , everyone must practice it in all public places , schools and courthouses .
If a Democrat is n't a homosexual , he does n't have sex with homosexuals .
If a Republican is n't a homosexual , he wants to ban homosexuals from ever enlisting in the military and getting married ( because there 's nothing worse than a monogamous homosexual ) but will still have sex with them in a public restroom .
If a Democrat sees his hard - working neighbor out of a job , he wonders if any of the existing economic policies cost him his job , how this can be corrected , and how society can help him until he gets back to work .
If a Republican sees his hard - working neighbor out of a job , he assumes the guy is lazy or being punished by God .
If a Democrat does n't like a talk show host , he changes stations ... and finds that they are all Republicans even though half or more Americans are Democrats .
If a Republican does n't like a talk show host , he calls him a terrorist - loving , America - hating traitor who should be shot ( or maybe that was just Rush Limbaugh ) .
If a Democrat has good health insurance , he wonders if others have it too and how he can help them get it .
If a Republican has good health insurance , he does n't give a crap if other people die in the streets like unwanted dogs .
If a Democrat hears a good idea like " Love your neighbor as yourself , " they try to live by it .
If a Republican hears a good idea like that , they make a long list of exceptions to the rule , to include women , minorities , immigrants , gays ....
Lastly , if a Democrat gets an un-sourced email , he wonders if it was concocted by some big DC - based corporate public relations lobbying firm who knows just how to push Republicans ’ buttons .
If a Republican gets an un-sourced email , he forwards it without thought because it pushed all his buttons .
And just to be a devil , I 'll copy and paste their e-mail addresses onto MoveOn and Code Pink websites for e-mail updates .
UPDATE !!!
I got back a response .
It runs very similar to other Reply All responses that I have received before .
Republicans have glass jaws .
Saturday 17 Jul 2010
There ’s more to being a professional designer than pushing around pixels .
I realise the truth behind this more and more every day .
I ’d estimate I spend somewhere between 10 – 25 % of my week interacting with clients .
This relationship dictates everything I do in my job .
If I want to enjoy it and produce design to be proud of I should be focusing on this , right ?
For design meetings to go well and to avoid being a “ Designer from Hell ” I set myself a few targets :
1. Instill confidence
The client is paying you because they ca n’t do the job themselves .
They want to know that you can deliver .
Help them understand your design process and relieve them of any concerns .
I ’ve wrote more about some of the techniques I use in strategy meetings in this post : Finding the right style .
I ’d be interesting in what you do , so leave a comment !
2. Focus on an end - user perspective
As designers we have grown up with an artistic mind .
We look at the world differently and understand how people react to visual things .
On top of that we have a design education .
We know what works in different situations and for different types of people .
The client knows better than anyone who their end - users are .
Get these two areas of knowledge flowing in conversation and you have all the criteria you need for design critique and you ’ll both be confident of the design direction .
3 . Ask questions , then ask them again
Have you ever walked into a small DIY store and asked where the nails are ?
The owner will ask you “ what type of nail are you after ? ” .
When you stare blankly at him he ’ll smile and ask “ what do you plan to do with the nail ? ” .
Notice how he changed the question to one you can answer ?
In doing so he gets the information he needs to help you .
These type of people have a wealth of experience in their trade .
They also tend to be common folk like me !
Down to earth and friendly .
When they establish you have n’t got a clue what you ’re doing they know how to take a different approach .
If a client is n’t giving you feedback it ’s because you are n’t asking the right questions .
Never assume they ’re happy or unhappy with a design if your first question falls on deaf ears .
Missing the targets
Designers are a different breed .
Most of us are egotistical stuck - up artistes .
See Clients from
Hell for example - many of those snippets would fit better on a blog called “ Designers from Hell ” .
I ’d take a wild guess that 90 % of these situations occur because the designer failed to aim for any of the targets above .
What results is the client feeling lost with no confidence in the designer and process .
The client has a responsibility for the project and feels they must take authoritative control .
Frustration is served up to everyone involved and eventually shit design is delivered .
The designer then bitches about the client .
See the problem here ?
It is very rarely ( if ever ) the clients fault a project ends in disappointment .
As designers it is part of our job to understand and manage that client - designer relationship .
Get it right from the start and this situation is avoided .
These are by no means the only targets you need to consider but they definitely get me on the right track .
With ongoing experience they start to become second nature and you can think beyond them to other techniques .
I ’ve heard mountains of buffet and champaign works well too .
I ’d love to hear how you approach the client - designer relationship !
Leave a comment below .
* Soldiers freed after Israel agreed to airlift wounded
* Lebanese account echoes testimony from both sides
BEIRUT , June 3 ( Reuters ) - Activists on a Gaza - bound Turkish ship seized four Israeli marines before other commandos stormed aboard using live ammunition , a Lebanese cameraman said in an account on Thursday that echoed elements of Israeli testimony .
There were sharp differences in the versions of Monday 's events at sea on the cruise liner Mavi Marmara .
Witnesses freed after three days incommunicado in Israel accused troops of war crimes ; Israel held to its line that they fired in self - defence .
But the account from Andre Abu Khalil , a cameraman for Al Jazeera TV , echoed other testimony , from both sides , that after an initial landing by a small group of commandos armed with anti-riot weapons was overpowered by activists wielding sticks , a second wave of marines stormed in , killing those in their way .
Israeli troops insist they killed 9 men only after being fired on by two activists who seized pistols from marines ; many of those aboard the ship say they saw no activists shooting .
Abu Khalil told Reuters by telephone from the southern Lebanese village of Marjayoun : " There were four Israeli soldiers brought to the lowest deck .
They had fracture wounds . "
The soldiers were apparently captured during attempts to descend to the ship from helicopters , Abu Khalil heard from activists who had been on the top deck of the Mavi Marmara .
On Monday , an Israeli commando said he was struck with metal bars on the ship , while others in the boarding party were held down and stripped of their helmets and equipment .
HUMAN SHIELD
Abu Khalil went on : " Twenty Turkish men formed a human shield to prevent the Israeli soldiers from scaling the ship .
They had slingshots , water pipes and sticks . "
" They were banging the pipes on the side of the ship to warn the Israelis not to get closer . "
The standoff lasted about 10 minutes until the Israelis opened fire , he said : " One man got a direct hit to the head and another one was shot in the neck . "
Abu Khalil said he saw some 40 wounded people , some with bullet wounds to the legs , apparently to disable them .
Others had wounds to the eye , stomach and chest .
One activist used a loudhailer to tell the Israelis the four captive soldiers were well and would be released if they provided medical help for the wounded .
With an Israeli Arab lawmaker acting as mediator , the Israelis agreed to the request and the wounded were brought to the top deck where they were airlifted off the ship .
Abu Khalil said : " I 'm happy and angry at the same time ...
The most we had was a kitchen knife and sling shots . "
( Additional reporting by Alastair Macdonald in Jerusalem )
Wondered what the real - life counterparts of Jen , Moss and Roy make of Graham Linehan 's much - loved sitcom ?
We asked three tech - heads to tell us what they think .
IT project manager Shaheen , 38 , is married with two children and lives in Cheshire .
Technical architect Harry , 34 , is separated with two children and works in Greater Manchester .
Account manager Bob , 31 , works for a major IT outsourcing firm in Greater Manchester .
Do people like Moss , Jen and Roy really exist ?
Shaheen : People like Jen exist – there 's one in our department , who was hired to translate between the geeks and the management but she does n't have a clue what she 's doing .
Harry : People like Moss and Roy exist less and less , because the competencies you need tend to mean you 're multi-skilled , so you can't just ignore people and sit in front of a screen all day .
Bob :
The Jen figures are n't exclusively female .
There are plenty of men with top jobs in project managing who do n't know the first thing about IT .
Can you spot IT people by their clothes ?
Bob : Yes .
One guy I work with has a utility belt .
It 's got his PDA , his personal GPS unit and multiple phones on it .
He 's got his pants dead short , and he never speaks to anyone .
Harry : T - shirts [ Harry shows his Darth Vader T - shirt with the caption : " I Am Your Father " ] .
Shaheen : I think it 's generally a guy thing .
Though I have been known to wear the occasional rock T - shirt to the office .
Are IT people treated with contempt and hidden in a basement , as they are in the show ?
Shaheen :
When I 've worked on site , IT people have a godlike status .
I 've had factory foreman shouting at staff , telling them what they can and can't do , based on my word and whim , so I 've seen the opposite .
Harry :
It 's quite central to The IT Crowd that the department is stuffed away somewhere , and that is n't the way we work .
Going back a few years , it was like that , and people used to complain that we were obnoxious , a bit prickly , difficult to talk to when they needed something sorted out .
Now , it 's moved , and it 's very much integrated with the rest of the business .
Bob : More and more businesses are getting rid of their IT departments .
It 's all about self service now , and any technical needs are outsourced .
In that respect , I think the show is documenting a dying culture .
I think it was dying even when the show started .
Do IT people lack social skills ?
Harry :
There 's quite a few stereotypical geeks in our department , but only one or two with no social skills .
Shaheen :
One guy I worked with built a wall of box files around the edges of his desk so that people would n't look at him .
I think IT does attract a few obsessive , slightly odd personalities , definitely .
Bob : Less and less , though what 's happening to these people is perhaps a mystery .
I think a lot of them have been forced to take on more business - focused roles .
Are IT people particularly into geeky pursuits ?
Bob :
There 's people in the office who spend 20 - 30 hours a week on Warcraft .
But I think you 'd find people like that in the rest of the male population .
Harry : Guys on the coding team go home and work on open source stuff in their spare time , and I must confess , one of my hobbies is to build virtual machines when I 'm not at work .
Shaheen : I think the only way I can relate to a lot of the stuff that goes on is that I 'm into metal and rock – that subculture is massive among IT types .
Does the IT sector respect diversity ?
Bob :
There is sexism in IT .
There are very few women in technical roles .
Harry :
Where I work , there is a representative number of ethnic minorities and two women on the configuration team .
Shaheen : I 've sat in meetings where senior consultants said : " She 's not going to do anything " and " She does n't know about it . "
I took it at the time , because I was new , but sexism is a very real thing in IT .
Does the advice " turn it on and off " really work ?
Bob : With surprising regularity .
From an outsider 's point of view , that is everything that we do .
Harry :
It solves 80 % of problems .
You 've got to know when to switch it on and off .
Switch it off , wait 10 seconds , then switch it on , that 's the trick .
Shaheen :
It does , but IT people dress it up .
They 'll say , " Have you given it a service reboot ? "
There 's quite a few euphemisms they 've developed because it 's often effective .
Like a " power recycling " , " refresh " and things like that .
Belegorm Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 329 Posts # 2
This is a bit of an extreme solution ( so only use it if you wait a long time and no one sends you that file ) but could n't you make a korean account and download the korean client then ?
Obviously without buying the korean version , but you should be able to install the game .
Also , I do n't know if there 's currently any ways of getting guest passes apart from friends , but I would n't be surprised since WoW has free trials and all .
MUM GIVE ME SOME SCISSORS !!!
Tropics Profile Joined August 2007 United Kingdom 1131 Posts # 3 this is cool , but kind of pointless
you 're still going to need to purchase more copies of the game to be able to log into more than one server .
i guess its useful for big tourneys and stuff where people are willing to share keys with top players and stuff but outside of that ...
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 4
It 's useful for people in regions which do n't support the English language and want to play SC2 in it 's original tongue .
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
DCV_Whiplash Profile Joined May 2010 Brazil 14 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-28 16:14:46 #5 @Girlscoutcookie
Thank you VERY MUCH for doing this .
I really can't stand SC2 in portuguese or anything wich is n't english .. feels really fake .
If you still need portuguese guest keys or Base .
SC2 Data I can provide you a Key now and the files later ( since I 'm at work now ) .
edit : typo
No quote today
Coil Profile Joined May 2010 Argentina 119 Posts # 6 AWESOME !
I assume this also means we can play with NA hotkeys on an LA server ?
If that 's so i love you .
I played 1 game in LA and closed the game swearing to never again go there because of them .
Here 's esMX.SC2Data : [ url blocked ]
I do n't have any guest passes , digital download , but i could test it if you want , what language are you using for the script ?
< @ Failure > I GOT RIZZIED < @Failure > NO ORDINARY GURL KAE < @Failure > SHE RIZZIE
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 7 On July 29 2010 00:15 Coil wrote :
AWESOME !
I assume this also means we can play with NA hotkeys on an LA server ?
If that 's so i love you .
I played 1 game in LA and closed the game swearing to never again go there because of them .
Here 's esMX.SC2Data : [ url blocked ]
I do n't have any guest passes , digital download , but i could test it if you want , what language are you using for the script ?
Yes , NA hotkeys will work just fine .
If you want to play in Spanish , with just the US hotkeys , I could write an easy patch for that as well ...
Yes , NA hotkeys will work just fine .
If you want to play in Spanish , with just the US hotkeys , I could write an easy patch for that as well ...
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 8
Also , thanks a bunch for the SC2 Data file !
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 9 I just got a LA guest pass !
@DCV_Whiplash @Coil Y'all rock !
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
Tropics Profile Joined August 2007 United Kingdom 1131 Posts # 10 On July 29 2010 00:03 Girlscoutcookie wrote :
It 's useful for people in regions which do n't support the English language and want to play SC2 in it 's original tongue .
wait , the game does n't even have language options ?
god damn it wait , the game does n't even have language options ? god damn it
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 11 On July 29 2010 00:34
Tropics wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2010 00:03 Girlscoutcookie wrote :
It 's useful for people in regions which do n't support the English language and want to play SC2 in it 's original tongue .
wait , the game does n't even have language options ?
god damn it wait , the game does n't even have language options ? god damn it
That 's not entirely true .
The game does have languages options ( and for EU especially , they are numerous ) , but the language options for the Latin America region are only Portuguese and Spanish .
If you live in the EU , South East Asia , or the US , English is a valid language option .
That 's not entirely true .
The game does have languages options ( and for EU especially , they are numerous ) , but the language options for the Latin America region are Portuguese and Spanish .
If you live in the EU , South East Asia , or the US , English is a valid language option .
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
Coil Profile Joined May 2010 Argentina 119 Posts # 12
THANKS !
On July 29 2010 00:19 Girlscoutcookie wrote :
Show nested quote +
On July 29 2010 00:15 Coil wrote :
AWESOME !
I assume this also means we can play with NA hotkeys on an LA server ?
If that 's so i love you .
I played 1 game in LA and closed the game swearing to never again go there because of them .
Here 's esMX.SC2Data : [ url blocked ]
I do n't have any guest passes , digital download , but i could test it if you want , what language are you using for the script ?
Yes , NA hotkeys will work just fine .
If you want to play in Spanish , with just the US hotkeys , I could write an easy patch for that as well ...
Yes , NA hotkeys will work just fine .
If you want to play in Spanish , with just the US hotkeys , I could write an easy patch for that as well ...
Hotkeys will make the game playable , the translation isnt THAT bad , but id rather play in the full NA client .
Again , if you want beta testers , i'm in .
I 'm a coder , so i could even take a look myself :DTHANKS ! < @Failure > I GOT RIZZIED < @Failure > NO ORDINARY GURL KAE < @Failure > SHE RIZZIE
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 13
As soon as I verify I can connect to LA servers and play a game with my enUS client , I 'll post the script .
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
520 Profile Blog Joined April 2009 United States 2531 Posts # 14 I just wanted to take the time off right now and say I love you .
Writer
DCV_Whiplash Profile Joined May 2010 Brazil 14 Posts # 15 On July 29 2010 00:27 Girlscoutcookie wrote :
I just got a LA guest pass !
@DCV_Whiplash @Coil Y'all rock !
No man , You rock !!
I love you !!!
Thanks for your effort !
No man , You rock !!
I love you !!!
Thanks for your effort !
No quote today
SONE Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 839 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-28 17:06:30 # 16
Hey scout , did you ever figure out how to access NA from the KR client ?
Finished campaign now and I 'm anxiously waiting to ladder lol .
Pretty much just want to be able to access NA from the KR client without changing language or font .
Girlscoutcookie Profile Joined May 2010 United States 244 Posts # 17 On July 29 2010 01:55 SONE wrote :
Hey scout , did you ever figure out how to access NA from the KR client ?
Finished campaign now and I 'm anxiously waiting to ladder lol .
If you could e-mail me your Mods \Liberty .
SC2Mod\koKR.SC2Data file , I would be happy to get right on that ...
Also , as a reminder , you will need a valid NA account to play in NA , no matter what client you end up using ...
If you could e-mail me your Mods \Liberty .
SC2Mod\koKR.SC2Data file , I would be happy to get right on that ... Also , as a reminder , youneed a valid NA account to play in NA , no matter what client you end up using ...
SC2 Relocalizer - http://bit.ly/dl9icw
SONE Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 839 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-28 17:10:21 # 18
Yeah I have the NA client and account , just boring to play in english I 'm like the complete opposite .
You got msn or something ?
I have the file from the KR client I can send you
rodolfosfd Profile Joined July 2010 Brazil 5 Posts # 19 teach me Mr Girlscoutcookie , how to play in LA region with english client ?
leandroqm Profile Joined June 2008 Netherlands 841 Posts # 20 I really need to change those hotkeys to the same was it was in beta !
What are you tinkering about ?
1 2 3 4 5 83 84 85 Next
ANALYZING STAGED WORLD CONFLICT
By Gordon Duff
“ If those papers have to be produced over the nukes that later got lost in Oman , and on the watch of Dr. David Kelly , then it could be disastrous for David Cameron .
This , particularly as one of the three atomic bombs lost back at the time of the first Gulf War , was exploded by North Korea on 25th May 2009 . ”
In 2006 , North Korea exploded a plutonium based nuclear weapon , an unsuccessul test of a “ found ” nuke in poor repair , or something poorly designed .
America had predicted that they were at least five years from this capability , we always hear the same story , everyone is five years from having nuclear weapons .
On May 25th , 2009 , North Korea exploded its second bomb , its first clearly identifiable nuclear weapon , a “ Hiroshima sized ” bomb , tiny by US standards .
What we did n’t say is that the signature of this bomb had been seen before .
An identical nuclear weapon , manufactured at the same facility , same design , same impurities , had been exploded in September 22 , 1979 , in a test in the Indian Ocean conducted jointly by Israel and South Africa .
When UN inspectors were asked to come to South Africa in 1990 to arrange to dismantle their nuclear weapons , ten bombs were admitted to having been built with one tested .
Today we claim six existed , none were tested and three never existed .
One of those three exploded in North Korea .
The mystery is , how did it get there ?
Are American “ broken arrow ” nukes , recovered , sold and traded ?
What “ special country ” might do this ?
The cover story was that Pakistan through nuclear scientist , Dr. A. Q. Khan , had supplied Korea with the required highly specialized centrifuges along with nuclear triggers and advanced missile technology .
Investigations have shown , however , that the US had asked , or rather demanded , President Musharraf “ convince ” Khan to confess to this and a seemingly endless series of nuclear proliferation violations from South Africa to Libya to Germany .
The deal was that Khan had to confess but would be immediately pardoned .
We have another mystery , who was the US covering for and why ?
Who wanted it to seem like North Korea had a real nuclear program , who would profit by this ?
What could be more comical than “ Cardboard Lothario ” Kim Jung-il , war mongering mastermind terrorizing the world from one of the most isolated and poverty stricken nations on earth .
I could carve a better “ axis of evil ” dictator out of a banana .
Who are the Cardboard Lotharios ?
They are world leaders and conflict driven icons who simply do n’t seem to fit .
We knew where Hitler came from , we understood Napoleon , Mussolini , even George W. Bush .
With a world bereft of “ prime movers , ” no major ideological struggles , no national races for dwindling resources , only multi-national corporations carving away the world , today ’s chaos is purely manufactured and the cardboard cutout bad - boys are n’t even good actors .
Who invented Osama bin Laden , Bibi Netanyahu , Mullah Omar , Kim Jung - il , Hugo Chavez , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ?
Do we add Hameed Karzai to the list ?
How to people like Libya ’s Muammar Gadaffi simply quit , get taken off the list and retire as though they had been to some sort of “ terrorist mastermind rehab ? ” Remember Muqtada al - Sadr , the Iraqi cleric whose Mahdi army was the cause of so much mayhem in Iraq ?
How can Gulbuddin Hekmatyar be number one on the world terror list and be asked by Americans to open negotiations with the Taliban at the same time ?
Anyone smelling a rat ?
A hypothesis , several forces , conspiratorial in nature , hiding in plain sight are “ out there . ”
The players , oil , arms , banking , are the real powers in the world , easily “ super - governments , ” well beyond any Illuminati -Freemason or Bilderberg conspiracy .
Their game , “ they ” meaning the real powers that control the governments , is managing continual regional conflicts where none , according to respected studies of the dynamics of global conflict and the real clash of “ civilizations , ” should exist .
We live in a world where our wars , our news , the stories and myths we accept as gospel are little more than part of a play .
Shakespeare had said , “ All the world ’s a stage and the men and women merely players ” ( William Shakespeare , As You Like it , Act II , Scene VII )
How can we get to this point ?
Lets take a look at today ’s hotspot , Iran .
Iran and Iraq fought a war from 1980 to 1988 , exhausting both countries , a war neither recovered from .
What is Iran today ?
We are told they are a radical Islamic country run by the Hitleresque maniac , Ahmadinejad , who plans to “ wipe Israel from the face of the earth . ”
It is n’t important that he did n’t really say that .
He says enough things like that .
In fact , Ahmadinejad says anything that comes into his mind .
Why ?
He is a stooge , put into office in a rigged election , someone with long financial and ethnic ties to banksters , Israel and the thieves that he complains about .
In fact , his life is a balancing act , working with his friends in Russia , China and , oh yes , Israel , to keep his few supporters in Iran believing he is looking after them in a hostile world .
Iran has no enemies , certainly not the United States , Russia , Israel or anyone else .
This is an advanced country with a totally inept government run by a petty thief backed by a pack of illiterate religious numb - skulls .
Sometimes I think Ahmadinejad and Netanyahu must have been twins , separated at birth .
The concept of Iran as a strategic threat to the region is totalbunk .
Their relations with all their neighbors run from largely benign to cordial .
They have little ability to project a military presence more than a few miles .
What they are is an idiot talking on TV when he gets a call from Tel Aviv .
The people who want you to believe different are , well , Bibi Netanyahu and his partner in crime , “ Bubbles ” Ahmadinejad .
Two issues have sparked curiosity about Iran recently .
Why would Russia and China vote for sanctions for Iran when both countries are , not only strong supporters of Iran , both with records of debunking ideas of Iranian nukes , knowing quite well that the centrifuges Iran has could never , in a million years , produce weapons grade fuel .
China does billions in trade with Iran , a nation that is China ’s largest oil supplier .
The second issue is Russia withholding the sale of a purely defensive S300 air defense system .
Iran may not have the newest “ old technology ” S300 system ( Iran is using a Tor M1 system with all upgrades ) but whatevere they do have , Russians are in Iran running it for them .
Everyone but Iran has one , they are all the rage .
Turkey is starting to manufacture them , Greece has had one for years , even Peru is getting one , concerned about a resurgence of Inca incursions into their airspace .
Air defense systems , something we need to get into more later .
All that Russia and China have accomplished , aided by phony news stories of Saudi Arabia facilitating an Israeli attack on Iran , is to keep “ cardboard cutout ” Ahmadinejad in power longer , despite demands by his own people for his ouster .
What is his value ?
Who else will stand on their hind legs , braying like an ass , whenever a phony crisis is needed to hide something real , something threatening and something not as irrelevant as toothless Iran .
Running with our hypothesis , we could look at two tiers of conflict , geopolitical and “ irregular warfare ” or “ global terrorism . ”
Depending on your local school system , you might call terrorism and insurgency “ asymetrical warfare . ”
Were neither to exist , either or both can be created and stimulated easily and inexpensively yet both are major sources of significant economic gain for those pulling the strings .
Conflict propagation is far more valuable than conflict resolution .
Quoting Robert Duval in Apocalypse Now , “ Someday , this war could end … . ”
For the decades of the Cold War , east and west played a game of cat and mouse , each working to install puppet governments throughout the third world , particularly adjacent to the borders of the other whenever feasible .
Thus , Russia had Turkey , Iran and Pakistan on its border and Russia had Cuba and , for awhile , Nicaragua threatening the United States .
However , most of the world ’ sgovernments with the exception of a very few “ non-aligned states ” operated under the virtual control of American corporations , backed the the CIA and US military .
A call to Langley from the Whitehouse , if the fruit or sugar company ordering the “ hit ” sought to include them in the loop , could have a revolution going in a matter of days , car bombs in the capital , suicides , assassinations , newspaper publishers jailed and a new “ savior of democracy ” in place .
Vice President Dick Cheney ’s self annoited role as defacto “ controller - grande ” of the Joint SpecialOperations Command was a manifestation of the privatization of war , bereft of oversight and command structure , accountability , treaties or international law .
With the advent of a corporate multinational ” one world government , ” though the goals may have changed , the same capabilities have been used often , with the end result , as always , economic gain at the cost of social cohesion .
For years securing oil was the overwhelming need and driving force until it was found other industries could pay better .
With peace accords ending strife between Egypt and Israel , the two “ high threat ” players in the Middle East , a rationale was needed for chaos and destabilization , but not just for oil .
The realmoney was in guns and drugs , “ South Central - style ” but on a massive international scale .
Instead of “ Crips ” and “ Bloods ” we created a new form of street theatre , the “ global war on terror . ”
You ca n’t turn on a TV without seeing something about the CIA and drugs .
Colonel Eugene Khrushchev ( ret ) , former First Secretary of the Soviet Embassy in Kabul calls US Special Envoy to Afghanistan a “ drug kingpin ” working with the “ Karzaibrothers incorporated ” drug network , selling $ 65 billion dollars a year in heroin .
US drug interdiction policy in Afghanistan ca n’t be characterized in any terms other than one of the most successful agricultural enterprises in world history .
Never has crop production and marketing know how been so succesfullyimplemented as under US drug control policy in Afghanistan .
Not only can the US and its Central Intelligence Agency be thanked but key groups from Israel , India , Pakistan and western Europe who handle transporation , distribution and splitting the profits .
A particular thanks comes from the government of Russia whose millions of heroin addicts require their daily fix from poppy fields protected by United States Marines .
Russia ’s gratitude is increasing to the point where getting the thanks they are planning may be quite an awakening for some , ask our friends in Krygystan .
If they held an Academy Awards for crime , every acceptance speech would end with , “ None of this would be possible without the support of the mainstream media and a special thanks to my friends at Fox News , we love you ! ”
To play the game , civilian rule in the United States had to be eliminated .
To do that , control of the media was a must , that and an iconic disaster , a “ New Pearl Harbor ” as author David Ray Griffin called it , had to push America into blind obedience .
Doubters became “ soft on terror ” and faced public scorn or worse .
The icon , of course , was 9/11 , nearly a decade later barely surviving under the weak cover story of a dozen or so angry Arabs performing endless acts that violate , not only all probabilities but several physical laws as well .
Even the whitewash of the 9/11 Commission blew up in their faces with demands for criminal investigations being refused and all real findings classified .
All that has been needed is for the media to push the myth , hide the real findings and ignore the controversy .
Thus , the most massive fraud in world history was created , a three trillion dollar looting of America , two nations invaded , over a million killed and a decade of war .
To keep it going , all that has been needed is a few perfectly timed terrorist acts , London , Madrid , Detroit , Times Square , Mumbai , dozens in Pakistan , all , like 9/11 , showing “ Oswald ” dupes traveling around the world with the ease of diplomats in private jets .
All that was required to provide cover for an imagined worldwide terrorist conspiracy , banding together groups that hate each other more than us is the same branding process we follow when buying soap and toothpaste .
“ Can you give me a pack of bin Ladens , a bottle of the Mullah Omar and a bag of those Hezbollah ’s please ?
Oh , and a lottery ticket . ”
You could spend a lifetime talking about terrorist leaders but one thing is true of all of them .
They all worked for intelligence agencies , either the CIA , ISI , RAW , MI - 6 , Mossad , the Saudis or someone .
For those who do n’t know , an ISI officer in Pakistan is more comfortable with a Mossad agent than , let ’s say , a political opponent in his own country .
Anyone who works for or with one intelligence agency is likely to be handed around like a drunken sorority girl in a football locker room .
What does our hypothesis say ?
No terrorists were in Iraq , we attacked and suddenly , we were up to our necks in terrorists for years .
When Osama bin Laden died in Afghanistan in 2001 , the same bin Laden reputed to be in exile at the Kennedy compound in Palm Beach , he may have been the only person in the world America knew for certain had nothing to do with 9/11 .
If you do n’t think the FBI confirms this , go to www.fbi.gov.
Bin Laden is a funny fellow .
His family has been tied to the Bush family for decades , still are .
They are respected and decent people who helped a young George W. Bush financially when he failed in the oil business .
Osama bin Laden , working closely with the CIA , was a very minor player in the war to expel Soviet forces from Afghanistan .
As a wealthy Saudi Arab , he was welcomed in Afghanistan out of Islamic hospitality but in a part of the world , the center of the ethnic Pashtun universe , being a Saudi is the last thing you want .
Pashtunshave their own tribal military leaders , the best trained in the world , as we learn more of every day and deeply resent the idea that we would think that Osama bin Laden would be anything in Afghanistan but an irritating house guest .
This is the truth , everything else is simply storytelling , part of the myth used in branding the “ war on terror ” so endless billions could be pumped into the coffers of the “ merchants of death . ”
Seemingly , managing to keep people fearful of world terrorism to the point of running , not only the United States into hopeless debt but Europe as well , while tying much of the rest of the world into a series of low intensity regional conflicts , continual terror alerts with the concurrent destabilizing arms , security technolgy competitions has required little expenditure or even cleverness .
With management of most of the world ’s news media in the hands of Israeli interests , the tiny country that is now the third largest exporter of arms in the world , almost no effort was needed at all .
The gang , the US , Russia , Israel , France , Britain and China appear to operate much as the Mafia familiesof Godfather era New York , with Israel sitting at the head of the table , something quite astounding taking into consideration to what degree their control and influence belies their insatiable desire for “ keeping Israel secure ” even if the whole world dies in the process .
Without the subtext of global terrorism , piracy and a series of religious and ethnic conflicts in Africa likely to continue for the next century , maintaining world chaos and instability through the “ cardboard cutout ” evildoers , nations the United States could militarily overwhelm with extreme ease , generalized peace would break out in most of the world .
Minor acts like Russian ships visiting badboy Hugo Chavez , push the nations in the region into a flurry of arms purchases .
As mentioned earlier , one of the ways of managing conflict , regional destabilization and economic and social entropy is through arms races .
India and Pakistan are classic examples .
Both are nuclear powers , claiming , in the most nationalistic terms to have risen to status as world class danger to themselves and others because of a since of nationalistic superiority .
Of course , other nations simply gave India and Pakistan their nuclear capabilities .
India was given “ the bomb ” by the United States .
They were supposed to represent a hedge against possible Chinese expansion .
In return , China gave Pakistan “ the bomb . ” Questions ?
Then Russia gave India stealth aircraft , actually American stealth technology stolen by Israel , sold to Russia and passed on to India .
Then China entered a joint venture with Pakistan to build the J - 10 advanced strike fighter , largely American technology “ borrowed ” by Israel who sold it to the Chinese who gave it to India .
It does n’t stop here , we have a dozen other weapons systems that are moving around the world the same way .
Americans should consider this an amusing way of seeing their trillion dollars a year in military expenditures at work .
Lets take a minute to talk about air defense systems .
Many of us remember the US setting up Patriot missile batteries in Israel to ward off , quite unsuccessfully actually , Saddam Hussein ’s SCUD missile attacks during Operation Desert Storm in 1991 .
Since that time , technology has improved dramatically .
Missiles have longer range , go faster , higher and radar systems are more advanced .
The newer versions of the Russian S300 air defense system , a quite affordable gift for any small nation , are reliably effective against pretty much everything .
They shoot down medium range missiles , short range missiles , cruise missiles , stealth aircraft and even the specialized jamming aircraft meant to destroy air defense systems .
Flying little loops , dropping flares and chaff or typical television maneuvers are a waster of time .
These babies will follow you home and turn out your lights , end of story .
The aging Tor system Iran is using now has the following lethality index :
0.92-0.95 against aircraft
0.80 -0.96 against helicopters
0.60 -0.90 against cruise missiles ( with an effective range of around 5 km / 3 miles )
0.70 -0.90 against precision munitions ( LGBs , glide bombs , etc. )
0.90 against UAVs
The S300 system is being withheld from Iran is considerably better than this as is the system Israel has now and wishes supplemented .
The Russians have had the more advanced S400 system out for years and are deploying even more advanced systems .
Typically , this type of approach can track up to 100 targets at a time with interception at ranges of around 100 miles at altitudes up to 150,000 feet .
America has similar systems , equal to Russia in radar but well behind in quality of rocket boosters .
Both the US and Russia are in the process , a seemingly endless process , of deploying “ air defense umbrellas ” over pretty much everything but with one problem , it never seems to happen .
India does n’t have one but could easily afford it as can Pakistan .
Iran is n’t being allowed to have one and they can afford anything .
Air defense systems are marketed like appliances .
If you sell something “ too good , ” you lose a customer .
If Israel had such as system , and they do , paid for by the US and being updated with something even more advanced , they could repel any air attack including ballistic missiles with absolute certainty .
Problem for Israel , like admitting they are the only nuclear power in the Middle East , its hard to go whining to the world about how scared you are when you were never in any danger in the first place .
So , if either Israel or America admit to the fact that Israel is a nuclear power with long range ballistic missiles and a total missile and air defense shield in place , then the billions we give them , the bunker buster bombs , the cluster bombs , the endless “ defense funding ” would n’t make any sense .
All the racket Israel makes , especially to the Christian Zionist community in America through their Fox News outlet about being surrounded by enemies is a joke .
Israel ’s air force , supplied by the United States , is two generations ahead of any of their neighbors and Israel itself is impenetrable to air attack , planes , missiles , anything .
In fact , we have overarmed Israel to such an extent they have become bullies .
These systems are n’t really so much destabilizing as they are dangerous to the localarms market .
Why buy a cluster bomb when you get shot down before dropping it on a playground or hospital ?
What good is an AWAC if it can be shot down from over a hundred miles away despite its countermeasures .
Without our airplanes , our tanks and those millions of assault rifles we make are worthless .
We might as well be fight 17thcentury style .
So , the dealis , to keep weapons systems out of each conflict , or as our local MBA would call it , “ market , ” that would eliminate the sales of high priced , high maintenanceplatforms like Apache helicopters and F - 35 fighter aircraft .
The Russians have their versions , Israel has theirs , marketed , sometimes with China , sometimes with India and even , on occasion , with Russia but always good old American technology taken from the good old USA by one of those spies we hear so much about .
What then does our hypothesis demand ?
Do we accept that the trillions spent , not billions mind you , trillions of dollars spent to defend America against nations that barely know who we are , nations we could erase without effort and the thousands of lives lost in conflicts we no longer remember why we are involved in seem ill advised ?
I remember being asked in a press interview how Israel , such a small country , could have so much influence in the United States .
I tried not to let my eyes roll back into my head thinking of the 444 members of congress considered “ Israel Firsters ” and thought of an answer suitable for television .
He could , just as easily asked , why does the United States and its puppets , Canada , Britain , France , Germany , Spain , Poland , Pakistan , Egypt , Turkey along with their co-conspirators , Russia and China along with whatever Israel is , something none of us will understand , simply seek some other path for the world other than building debt , causing endless entropy , creating oligarchies , exploiting ethnic rivalries , destroying the world ’s ecosystem , flooding our society with narcotics and pornography ?
Then , is the basis of our hypothesis that some invisible criminal conspiracy , a genuine axis of evil , guides the world , a power above any nation , seemingly above the g-d ’s themselves ?
A hundred years ago , when a nation misbehaved , they had a reason , right or wrong , it was a reason .
If they won the war , their reason was right .
Today , we no longer ask for reasons .
Why do we fight ?
We fight to be safe .
Safe from whom ?
Safe from the people we fight .
Any question beyond this limited scope is considered philosophical and elitist , even “ liberal ” or “ peace - mongering . ”
The alternative is admitting that we are living in an Orwellian nightmare , one worse than any Orwell would have imagined .
As Orwell himself would point out , only a rare individual would recognize the senselessness and absurdity .
When we began believing , when we began to forget how to ask , “ Why , ” we created world whose moral soil was fertile for the depredations of the myth makers , the storytellers , those who exist off chaos , fear , starvation and in conditioning people who consider themselves righteous to accept the suffering and death of children without a thought , much less a tear .
We have arrived .
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
In the ongoing war of words over who ’s more willing to fight the “ War on Terror , ” former Vice President Dick Cheney says President Obama has made us less safe , while Obama says the policies of Cheney made us less safe .
Obama ’s right —
Cheney did make us less safe .
And Obama continues to make us less safe precisely because he continues the policies of Bush / Cheney .
Arguing between the two is like debating whether it was mistress No. 4 or 40 that finally made Tiger Woods less safe from his wife ’s lawyers .
But at least Woods , deep down , had to realize his behavior might one day come back to haunt him .
And now Woods is learning the hard way about that nasty constant in human nature : retribution .
Cheney and Obama , on the other hand , have learned nothing .
Ignoring that 9/11 was caused primarily by Islamists seeking retribution for constant U.S. intervention in their “ holy land ” — something Osama bin Laden made perfectly clear —
Bush / Cheney launched a pointless war in Iraq , giving al - Qaida its best recruiting tool in its history .
In his tenure , Cheney did absolutely nothing to fight the terrorist threat — his administration invested in it .
Heavily .
Obama ’s wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , and whichever country next strikes his fancy , is a jihadist ’s dream — a new American president , who despite promising “ change ” seems hell - bent on continuing with the same foreign policy as the last president .
When former CIA terror expert Michael Scheuer was asked on CNN ’s State of the Union last week whether U.S. efforts had succeeded in diminishing the terrorist threat , he said bluntly , “ I think it ’s stronger than it was before 9/11 , certainly because the support and opposition across the Muslim world to American foreign policy is far greater today than it was on 9/11 . ”
This phenomenon of opposition to American foreign policy translating into terrorist activity is so well - established , the CIA created the term “ blowback ” to describe it .
Cheney and Obama not only refuse to address blowback , but instead squabble over who ’s more willing to use torture or increase airport harassment , a conversation which does nothing to address the root problem of why terrorists want to attack us in the first place or why there are more terrorists now than before 9/11 .
Could you imagine police detectives trying to stop a serial killer while completely ignoring his motives ?
Or how about if police simply dismissed the murderer as “ crazy , ” which is probably true , as many so - called “ Islamofascists ” are certainly not of the same mind as you or I .
Yet in order to stop such a murderer , crazy or not , law enforcement still tries to get inside his mind , paying particular attention to certain patterns .
Our leaders in Washington refuse to look at motive or patterns when it comes to trying to prevent terrorism .
Instead , we are told terrorists simply “ hate our freedom , ” as Bush put it .
Obama might not employ the same language as Bush — something some Republicans laughably find “ weak ” — but to date has still not offered a more substantive explanation .
Canada is far more libertine culturally than the U.S. , and this is precisely the sort of “ freedom ” that supposedly gets the Islamist ’s goat .
Yet strangely enough , Canada does not find itself constantly having to worry about Islamic terrorism — because terrorists do n’t find Canadians en masse on Islamic land .
It is past time to ask the big questions .
How can invading and occupying a nation stop an individual or a collection of individuals from carrying out terrorist acts ?
How can invading and occupying a nation , or a handful of nations , stop a terrorist network that exists in over 80 countries ?
What could our presence in Iraq , stepping up the war in Afghanistan , drone strikes in Pakistan , or a new war in Yemen possibly have done to deter the so - called “ underwear bomber ” on Christmas day ?
Would the Nigerian , would - be suicide bomber have been radicalized , or would a terrorist network be as available to accommodate and encourage his radicalization , if the U.S. did not have such a massive presence in the Middle East ?
Do terrorists simply hate our “ freedom ” or is there indeed a correlation between U.S. intervention and terrorist recruitment and activity ?
Hell , let ’s get extreme : would completely annihilating the Middle East through nuclear war finally eliminate the terrorist threat — or create the greatest terrorist threat in our history ?
Might such genocide make the Islamic world mad ?
Or just “ freedom ? ”
Trying to fight terrorism by opening up more battlefronts is like trying to fight alcoholism by opening up more bars .
It does n’t make any sense .
No doubt , the five - deferment , Vietnam - draft - dodging Cheney still thinks his belligerent rhetoric makes him some sort of a tough guy , but it does n’t .
It makes him stupid .
And sadly — and at the expense of our safety — if the definition of “ stupid ” is doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results , both Cheney and Obama ’s foreign policies certainly fit that bill .
Catch Southern Avenger commentaries every Tuesday and Friday at 7:50 a.m. on the “ Morning Buzz with Richard Todd ” on 1250 AM WTMA .
Venus Envy
It fell to Barack Obama , as is often the case , to identify the problem .
But , as is often the case , he had no solution .
Speaking in Strasbourg , France , deep in the subsidized heartlands of the European Union in April last year , Obama deplored a growing mutual antipathy , bordering on open hostility , between Europe and America .
Europeans were too often guilty of an " insidious " anti-Americanism while Americans had at times " shown arrogance and been dismissive , even derisive " of Europe ’s achievements .
To European ears , President Obama ’s analysis — a characteristic piece of consensus - building — appeared wholly reasonable , even unexceptional .
On Thursday , Jose Barroso , president of the European Commission , indicated his agreement , telling the British newspaper The Times , " The transatlantic relationship is not living up to its potential . "
But in the United States , Obama ’s critique of American attitudes , his studied humility , and his implicit apology for the overbearing behavior of George W. Bush ’s administration was instantly condemned by some commentators as an extraordinary , unprecedented betrayal , all the worse because it was committed on foreign soil .
Beside himself with indignation , columnist and pundit Charles Krauthammer led the charge on Fox News :
" Obama says , ‘ In America there is a failure to appreciate Europe ’s leading role in the world . ’
Well , maybe that ’s because when there was a civil war on Europe ’s doorstep in the Balkans , and genocide , it did n’t lift a finger until America led .
Maybe it ’s because when there was an invasion of Kuwait it did n’t lift a finger until America led .
Maybe it ’s because with America spending over half a trillion a year , keeping open the sea lanes in defending the world , Europe is spending pennies on defense .
It ’s hard to appreciate an entity ’s leading role in the world when it ’s been sucking on your tit for 60 years . "
Many Americans shared his fury .
But in his eagerness to condemn Obama ’s European " apology tour " ( as former Bush advisor Karl Rove later dubbed it ) , the spluttering Krauthammer inadvertently revealed that he suffered from the very problem Obama was trying to address .
After all , it is one thing to disagree with a president and his policy .
It is quite another to be so bitterly and scathingly contemptuous of an entire continent and its people , especially one that , for better or worse , is a historical ally and a close political , ethnic , cultural , and linguistic relation .
Uncertain whether to laugh or cry , Europeans ask :
Is this sort of thing to be taken seriously ?
What is going on ?
For let ’s be honest : Krauthammer is a bit of a clown .
And he has a very European surname .
Seen from Europe , of which Britain is ( arguably ) a part , the roots of American anti-Europeanism appear many and varied .
At one end of the spectrum , there is the widely shared view that Europe does not pull its weight in a world that Washington would like to order according to its lights .
At the other end of the spectrum , there is the unpalatable fact of widespread American ignorance , exacerbated by indifference , of all things European .
Examples of the latter abound .
While covering the siege of the Branch Davidians in Waco , Texas , in 1993 , a European reporter was asked in all sincerity : " Is Sweden a country or a city ? "
In Richmond , Virginia , a cab driver congratulated a visiting Briton on not having to bother about voting or elections " because you ’ve got the Queen . "
And then there was the waitress in Arkansas who asked an unsuspecting Englishman : " What language do you speak in your country ? "
But historically , anti-Europeanism is hardly a new phenomenon .
America ’s first president warned against " permanent alliances " after successfully conspiring in an alliance with the French against the British in the Revolutionary War .
President James
Monroe issued his famous doctrine expressly to keep the European powers out of a New World to which a then much weaker Washington presumptuously laid claim .
( Monroe neglected to mention that it would for the most part be the British Royal Navy tasked with enforcing his doctrine . )
Fear , envy , anti-colonialism , anti-imperialism , cultural inferiority - superiority complexes , trade , political and military rivalries , and America ’s quest for identity all fed anti-European feeling as the new country sought to differentiate itself from the old countries whence most of its people came .
Many of these phenomena remain relevant today .
" Expressing one ’s anti-European sentiment can be a way of building up and displaying one ’s American identity and patriotism , " said Patrick Chamorel in a European University Institute study published in Italy in 2004 .
" Anti-Europeanism has always been part of American exceptionalism , which defined itself in contrast to European history , politics , and society . "
It would be easy for Europeans to shrug off America ’s Europhobic generalizations and mischaracterizations if they were exclusive to would - be- intellectual neoconservatives , Bible Belt evangelists , and provincial Midwest xenophobes .
But ever since the European Union dropped the ball in the Balkans in the mid-1990s , a potent mix of influential American thinkers , policymakers , and commentators have given anti-Europeanism a new respectability that cannot be dismissed out of hand .
On the major issues that preoccupy Americans — defense , security , terrorism , intervention , free trade , sovereignty , and nationalism — the argument that Europe has lost its way has gained in influence .
And as a debt - laden European Union stares at the fiscal abyss , one can almost feel the schadenfreude emanating from across the pond .
The American debate over Europe has waxed and waned over the past decade , always unresolved , always infused with passion and fury .
In The Last Days of Europe : Epitaph for an Old Continent ( 2007 ) , historian Walter Laqueur summarized the case against .
Europe is " in the process of disappearing " as a force in the world , he argued , because political integration via the European Union has stalled , welfare - state policies are unsustainable , fertility rates are below replacement levels , and assimilation of increasingly hostile and angry Muslim immigrant populations has failed .
Europe could not and would not defend itself , according to Laqueur .
Bruce Thornton ’s Gibbonesque Decline and Fall : Europe ’s Slow Motion Suicide also offered a compilation of factors supposedly explaining the certain demise of Europe ’s failed utopian experiment : sluggish , state - regulated economic growth , high unemployment , high social entitlements , a mortifying museum culture , and the abandonment of the Christian tradition , which encouraged the growth of " pseudo - religions " — among them environmentalism , multiculturalism , and hedonism .
There has been a corresponding , if quiet , backlash in the United States against native , anti-European sentiment .
Strong support came from T.R. Reid , a former Washington Post foreign correspondent , in his 2004 book , The United States of Europe .
Reid lauded in particular the advent of the common currency — the euro — and the creation of a European Constitution , evidence in his view of a growing European ascendancy .
Others , such as Jeremy Rifkin and Steven Hill , were similarly enthusiastic in writing about the advent of " Generation E " — younger Europeans who disregard national boundaries to embrace an empowering common culture .
American writer Robert Kagan famously synthesized the conflicting views in his influential 2002 " Mars and Venus " essay in Policy Review .
" It is time to stop pretending that Europeans and Americans share a common view of the world , or even that they occupy the same world , " he said .
One inhabited a fantasyland of laws , the other a land governed by the law of the jungle .
But Kagan ’s summary was ultimately too blithe to sustain serious scrutiny .
Can Kagan account for how exactly the two irreconcilable " sides " he sketches managed to swap roles over the past hundred years ?
Just as the European great powers of the 19th century used brute force to impose their imperial will and vision while the priggishly constitutional United States kept its hands clean and looked on ( and grew stronger and richer under Britain ’s de facto protection ) , so now does the United States wield the hammer while the Europeans look askance , all the time benefiting from Washington ’s security umbrella .
Moreover , Kagan failed to foresee the inherent weaknesses of each side ’s arguments .
The European collectivist " soft power " model is under serious challenge after the near implosion of the European Union ’s vaunted Constitution and amid bitter argument over Greece ’s bankruptcy bailout and the euro ’s possible collapse .
The American " hard power " model has been undermined by the U.S. military ’s inability to " win " two major wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan , and by the global financial crisis , a capitalist heart attack from which the patient has yet to recover .
Ultimately , though , foreign - policy preferences are n’t the greatest instigator of the persistent transatlantic culture clash .
Of all the differences Americans perceive in Europe , it ’s the old continent ’s moral decadence that seems to enrage them the most .
It ’s that ethical lament that ’s the most intractable rift because it ’s not a policy debate at issue , but the status of one ’s own way of life .
Citing conservatives such as Richard Perle who noisily lamented Europe ’s loss of " moral compass " and France ’s loss of " moral fiber , " Timothy Garton Ash succinctly summarized in the New York Review of Books the widespread American stereotype of Europeans as godless wimps during the run-up to the 2003 Iraq war .
" They [ the Europeans ] are weak , petulant , hypocritical , disunited , duplicitous , sometimes anti-Semitic and often anti-American appeasers , " Garton Ash wrote of America ’s implicit disdain for its allies .
Social trends seem to constantly reinforce that opinion .
Rising secularism and spreading , ultraliberal social attitudes in Europe contrast ever more sharply with a perceived new American Puritanism .
As Obama said , it ’s a shame we ca n’t just get along .
Given the way the globalized world is placing increasing stress on international cooperation , given the way absolute U.S. power is retreating as the unipolar moment fades , and given the way China and other rising 21st - century powers are challenging the current balance of power and the values and beliefs that underpin it , Europe and America will inevitably need each other more and more .
It ’s a stormy marriage , but a marriage all the same .
And the alternatives are all worse .
But , hey , that ’s just a liberal Euroweenie speaking , right ?
I would think of it as a pragmatic , realpolitik viewpoint , but it could be mistaken for appeasement , which would never do in the United States .
In the words of an email I once received from a reader in New York , " Do n’t forget who saved your ass twice , buddy .
If it was n’t for the good ole US of A you ’d all be speaking German ! "
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) 
The NCAA has announced that Des Moines will host the NCAA wrestling championships in 2013 .
The NCAA on Friday says Iowa State will be the host school .
The NCAA on its website also says Oklahoma City was chosen for the 2014 wrestling championship , with Oklahoma as the host school .
The tournament is considered one of the biggest events sought by Des Moines in a bid to make it a stop for NCAA events .
___
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
2. The Bill Does n't Deal With Fannie , Freddie , Credit Runs , or Leverage .
Fannie and Freddie played a huge role in helping to overheat the U.S. mortgage market .
Until those agencies experience some fundamental change in policy and procedures , it 's hard to see how another housing disaster wo n't occur again in the future .
There 's no attempt at any reform for these companies in either of Congress ' financial regulation proposals .
3. Community Banks Are Afraid FinReg Will Hurt
Them , Too .
Most of the worries of community bankers boil down to a general problem with regulation : compliance with new rules requires that additional expenses are incurred .
For a large company , these new costs are n't as harmful .
They benefit from economies of scale -- an advantage where new fixed costs can be more easily absorbed by a larger company 's higher profits .
For example , imagine two widget factories : one big one that employs 5,000 people and a small one that employs just five .
If a new regulation requires all widget - makers to hire one person in charge of monitoring quality control , the big company 's labor costs increase by 0.02 % , while the smaller firm 's labor costs increase by 20 % .
Smaller companies take a much bigger hit to their proportionally smaller earnings when additional regulation is imposed .
4. Financial Reform Wo n't Protect Taxpayers From a Future Bailout .
If financial reform accomplishes anything , it should minimize the cost to taxpayers of future financial crises .
But looking at the bailouts that Americans will be on the hook for , it fails that very basic test .
And this is n't really a controversial point , since it does nothing to reform the government - sponsored entities ( GSEs ) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. [ Via Bloomberg : ]
" The White House 's Office of Management and Budget estimated in February that aid could total as little as $ 160 billion if the economy strengthens . "
5. A Derivatives Loophole Could Cost Main Street $ 1 Trillion .
From the International Swaps Dealers Association statement : " A change in the wording of the financial reform bill now being finalized in the US Congress could cost US companies as much as $ 1 trillion in capital and liquidity requirements , according to research by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association , Inc. ( ISDA ) .
About $ 400 billion would be needed as collateral that corporations could be required to post with their dealer counterparties to cover the current exposure of their OTC derivatives transactions .
ISDA estimates that $ 370 billion represents the additional credit capacity that companies could need to maintain to cover potential future exposure of those transactions .
If markets return to levels prevailing at the end of 2008 , additional collateral needs would bring the total to $ 1 trillion . "
6. Can You Trust a Bill That Requires 79 Years of Cumulative Studies ?
Reform is n't easy .
Beyond making tough decisions , it also apparently involves an awful lot of research .
The 3,321 pages of financial regulation bills being melded together by Congress ' conference committee contain an incredible number of studies to be completed : 74 .
Approximately four of the studies are nearly identical .
The other 70 all investigate different aspects of finance , economics , lending , etc .
If you add up all the time allotted for these studies to take place , and did them back to back instead of simultaneously , then you 'd be doing studies for almost 79 years .
Before I launch into this little rant , I just want to point out that I ’m actually a huge fan of Fox ’s hit television show , Glee .
I watch it religiously .
I own the music .
Call me a Gleek .
That said , I have absolutely no idea why the network is bringing cast members from the show to San Diego Comic - Con ( SDCC ) this year , and why there ’s a whole panel dedicated to it .
Yes , the term for Glee fans , “ Gleek ” , is sorta close to the word “ Geek ” , but I just do n’t think that ’s enough to justify their appearance .
SDCC was originally a comic book convention .
Now , we all know that many conventions ( both big and small ) have been diversifying to stay alive and competitive .
Yes , there are some extremely specific niche cons still out there ( like the hotly debated BotCon in Florida , which is dedicated entirely to Transformers ) , but many are starting to incorporate multiple fandoms into their convention ’s programming .
Conventions that used to be entirely about Star Trek , for example , are now bringing in Battlestar Galactica and Stargate actors too .
So I do understand why and how SDCC morphed into something other than a comic book convention over the years .
In my mind , incorporating science fiction , fantasy , gaming , and other geeky genres into one giant convention makes sense .
But there is nothing geeky about Glee .
There just is n’t .
There may be a lot of geeks that like it , but that does n’t mean it belongs at SDCC .
By bringing a mainstream teen / young adult “ dramedy ” television show to SDCC , the organizers have given even more fodder to the convention ’s critics .
And as popular as SDCC is , it does have its critics .
Some fans of the convention , and the genres it is supposed to represent , are worried it has become a place for Hollywood to hawk its wares , no matter what they may be , geeky or not .
Just look at the programming line up and you ’ll see virtually every major television and movie studio is there .
Not only that , but the big A - list stars are there too .
Celebs like Angelina Jolie and Will Ferrell will be there , for crying out loud .
While some of the actors in attendance are there representing the next latest and great comic book movie , other celebs are there for shows like Glee .
Obviously there is demand for these types of panels and events , or they would n’t be filling up the ballrooms and getting more and more popular with each year .
However , that does n’t mean they should be at SDCC .
I think it ’s time for a nice clean split .
All the mainstream pop culture non-geeky stuff can go off and become its own entity .
Call it the Hollywood Preview Convention or something .
And then , let SDCC go back to being about the geeky stuff , the comic books , the superheroes , the gaming , the role - playing , the fantasy novels , science fiction , etc .
It is my humble opinion that the more SDCC continues to mix in the mainstream forces in television and movies , the more diluted and commercial SDCC will become .
And as that happens , SDCC will lose its reputation as the one of the biggest and best geek fandom conventions out there , and be seen purely as a mainstream Hollywood studio puppet that uses attendees as guinea pigs for the next latest and greatest whatever .
I just hope it is n’t already too late .
Financial institutions whose customers are affected by the BP PLC oil spill should try to expedite loans , ease credit terms and consider waiving late fees and penalties , U.S. banking regulators said Wednesday .
The announcement , made by the Federal Reserve and all the other U.S. banking regulators , comes as the Gulf region ’s economy continues to struggle with the impact of the spill .
BP has already paid out more than $ 132 million in claims filed for economic damages , but many Gulf coast residents continue to worry about how they will get enough money to pay their bills and keep their businesses running .
Many of the businesses affected by the spill are already in debt from past loans they had to take out after the area was hit by Katrina and several other major hurricanes .
“ The regulators encourage financial institutions to work with their customers and consider measures to assist borrowers affected by this situation and its subsequent impact on local communities , ” the Fed and other regulators said .
“ Efforts taken by financial institutions to work with their borrowers and customers in affected communities , if conducted in a reasonable and prudent matter , are consistent with safe and sound banking practice . ”
Regulators urged banks to consider waiving late payment charges , ATM fees and penalties for withdrawing savings too early .
They also urged banks to expedite loans if possible , extend or restructure debt in anticipation of their customers ’ future receipt of claims from BP , and ease credit terms or loan fees .
“ These measures could help customers recover financially and be better positioned to honor their obligations , ” they said .
They added that banks will still be expected to recognize credit losses as soon as they are estimated .
The announcement was made Wednesday by the Fed , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , the Office of Thrift Supervision , the National Credit Union Administration and the Conference of State Banking Supervisors .
WASHINGTON — Buy those Forever stamps now .
The cost of mailing a letter is probably going up again .
Fighting to survive a deepening financial crisis , the Postal Service said yesterday that it wants to increase the price of first - class stamps by 2 cents , to 46 cents , starting in January .
Other postage costs would rise as well .
The agency ’s persisting problem : ever - declining mail volume as people and businesses shift to the Internet and the declining economy reduces advertising mail .
“ The Postal Service faces a serious risk of financial insolvency , ’’ said Stephen M. Kearney , postal vice president , an indication that without significant changes , the agency would eventually be unable to pay its bills .
The post office lost $ 3.8 billion last year , despite cutting 40,000 full - time positions and making other reductions , and Kearney said it is facing a $ 7 billion loss for this year and the same for fiscal 2011 , which begins in October .
The rate increase would bring in $ 2.5 billion , meaning there still would be a large loss for next year .
The post office , though part of the federal government , does not receive a tax subsidy for its operations .
People who bought Forever stamps at the current 44 cents or at lower prices would still be able to use them without paying the difference .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Server virtualization created cloud computing .
Without the ability to run multiple logical server instances on a single physical server , the cloud computing economics we know today would n’t be possible .
Most assume that server virtualization as we know it today is a fundamental enabler of the cloud , but it is only a crutch we need until cloud - based application platforms mature to the point where applications are built and deployed without any reference to current notions of servers and operating systems .
At that point , the value of server virtualization will go down substantially .
This fact is not lost on virtualization leader VMware ( s vmw ) , whose CEO Paul Maritz , less than two years after joining , has positioned the company to cannibalize its own server virtualization business with a move toward platform - as - a - service computing .
At Structure 2010 , Maritz said that “ clouds at the infrastructure layer are the new hardware . ”
The unit of cloud scaling today is the virtual server .
When you go to Amazon ’s ( s amzn ) EC2 you buy capacity by the virtual server instance hour .
This will change in the next phase of the evolution of cloud computing .
We are already starting to see the early signs of this transformation with Google App Engine , which has automatic scaling built in , and Heroku with its notion of dynos and workers as the units of scalability .
Developers working on top of Google App Engine and Heroku never have to think about servers , virtual or physical .
In a few years , clouds at the application platform layer will be the new hardware .
At that time , traditional operating systems and server virtual machines will become much less important to the cloud .
First and foremost , server virtualization generates overhead .
VMware performance tests suggest that the overhead is in the 8 to 12 percent range .
However , when several virtual machines run on the same server and start competing for hardware and network resources , the overhead is substantially higher .
This is waste .
It ’s expensive .
It ’s bad for the environment .
Some would argue that this is a necessary , small overhead that provides security and enables great efficiencies in the data center .
That ’s true in the sense that without virtualization there is no easy way to take many enterprise applications architected in the 80s and 90s , bolted onto a Windows or Linux operating system and relying on resources such as files and sockets , and make them securely run on one physical server .
The argument fails , however , when applied to most modern applications , which rely on network - accessible resources such as databases and Web services as opposed to local resources such as files and processes .
Aiding this trend , startups are building custom application virtualization layers that free applications from servers , obviating the need for virtualizing Windows or full - featured Linux OSes .
At Structure , Tom Mornini , CTO of Engine Yard , and I spent a fascinating part of an hour with pen and paper drawing diagrams of what the new software stack looks like .
Although Engine Yard ’s scaling model is still focused on servers , this is an indication of their enterprise go - to - market strategy .
Enterprises are still much more comfortable thinking and buying in terms of servers .
Right now , many PaaS companies deploy on virtualized servers because they are small startups that do n’t own their own hardware .
In the very near future , when a large cloud provider such as Amazon offers a PaaS , that provider will have the option to deploy at least a meaningful portion of the PaaS workloads of their customers against machines running a lean , stripped OS and / or a tiny hypervisor providing the barest minimum isolation from the hardware and no server virtualization layer the way the term is understood today .
Multi-tenancy isolation will be achieved at the platform - as - a - service layer , not at the virtual machine layer .
The biggest hindrance to deploying these types of PaaS offerings on public clouds is trust — something Werner Vogels , CTO of Amazon , emphasized in a conversation .
Right now AWS trusts the server virtualization tier to provide security and isolation .
Technically , this is not harder to do at the PaaS layer .
In fact , it is easier — you just have to remove or trap dangerous APIs — but I expect it will still take at least a year or two before the volume of PaaS usage makes it worthwhile for large public cloud providers to go through the effort of eliminating server virtualization overhead .
Enterprise private clouds will need server virtualization for a while , but I expect that market to peak in three years and then begin a steady decline brought about by the commoditization of basic server virtualization we are already seeing and the shift of new development to PaaS .
The same will happen with traditional server operating systems .
It ’s not a question of if , but when .
A year after Maritz took over the reins , VMware bought SpringSource , which offered an application framework , server and management tools with a significant following in the Java developer community .
Partnerships with Google around App Engine and Salesforce.com around VMforce quickly followed — putting VMware in the Java PaaS game .
VMware has seen the future clearly and is preparing to move up the stack to PaaS offerings .
This was spelled out in May by VMware CTO Steve Herrod : “ We are committed to making Spring the best language for cloud applications , even if that cloud is not based on VMware vSphere . ”
Recently , GigaOM reported that VMware may be talking to Engine Yard , the Ruby on Rails PaaS provider .
Whether a deal happens or not , I ’m impressed by VMware ’s bold approach under Maritz .
Soon we will be able to throw away the server virtualization crutch and , like in that memorable moment from Forrest Gump , we will be able to run leaner and more scalable applications in the cloud on next - generation platforms - as - a - service .
For the time being , my call to action is for application developers to stop writing code that directly touches any hardware or operating system objects and try the current generation of platforms - as - a - service .
Simeon Simeonov is founder and CEO of FastIgnite , an executive - in - residence at General Catalyst Partners and co-founder of Better Advertising and Thing Labs .
He tweets as @simeons .
Oil company BP says it has cut a ruptured pipe from the leaking Gulf of Mexico oil well , a key step in the latest effort to cap the well .
BP chief Tony Hayward hailed it as an " important milestone " and said BP could know within the next 12 to 24 hours if the capping effort would succeed .
For now , undersea robots are preparing the well - head to receive the cap .
President Barack Obama is to visit the gulf on Friday , his third trip there since the leak began six weeks ago .
The White House has been under increasing pressure to show the administration is in control of the response and clean - up efforts .
The federal government will send a $ 69 m ( £ 47.1 m ) bill to BP Plc on Thursday for expenditure incurred from its response to the spill , the White House said .
Meanwhile , a detailed computer modelling study indicated that oil from the spill might extend along thousands of miles of the Atlantic coast and open ocean as early as this summer .
The National Center for Atmospheric Research said once oil entered the " Loop Current " , part of the Gulf Stream which sweeps around the Florida panhandle , it would be only weeks before it reached Florida 's Atlantic shores .
Attempt to cap oil leak
The latest stage in BP 's efforts to contain leaking oil has involved lowering a cap onto the failed blowout preventer ( BOP ) valve system on the seabed .
The cap sits on the BOP 's lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) section .
First , the damaged riser - the pipe which takes oil from the well - was cut where it nears the seabed using a remotely - operated shear .
This was completed at 1930 CDT on 1 June ( 0030 GMT 2 June ) .
The next stage was for a diamond wire cutter to saw through the riser close to the LMRP .
The blade got stuck and had to be removed but BP eventually cut through the pipe using giant shears manipulated by undersea robots ( ROV ) .
After removing the pipe , the cap was lowered onto the LMRP enabling the leaking oil and gas to be funnelled to a drill ship on the surface .
Latest estimates suggest more than half of the leaking oil is now being captured .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Speaking in Houston , Mr Hayward described the pipe - cutting procedure as " simply the beginning " .
Giant shears
BP used giant shears manipulated by undersea robots to snip off the end of the pipe , after a diamond - edged saw failed to do the job .
The challenge is now to place a containment cap securely over the cut and stop the oil flow .
The company hopes to collect the oil on a surface ship above the well .
" Our task is to contain the oil , ultimately to eliminate the leaking well , and most importantly , to clean up all of the oil , defend the shoreline and restore the shoreline where oil does come ashore such that we return it to its original state , " Mr Hayward said .
BP estimates that the disaster has so far cost the company about $ 990 m in clean - up costs .
Two Democratic senators have written to Mr Hayward urging him to suspend payments to shareholders worth $ 10bn until all costs of the clean - up and compensation are paid out .
On Wednesday , BP said it would pay for the construction of six sand barriers off the coast of the US state of Louisiana .
' Fair criticism '
The sand barrier project will push BP 's bill to about $ 1.4bn .
BP share prices have continued to plummet in trading on the London Stock Exchange , amid news the US justice department has opened several civil and criminal inquiries into the Gulf spill .
BP IN NUMBERS Profits in 2009 : $ 13.96bn ( £ 8.75bn )
Clean - up costs so far : $ 990 m ( £ 674 m )
Estimated cost of sand barrier project $ 360 m ( £ 244 m )
Dividend payment 2009 : $ 10.5 bn ( £ 7bn )
BP scheduled to make a first - quarter dividend payment to shareholders on 21 June
At its worst BP saw 34 % wiped off the company 's value
Share prices on London Stock Exchange fell from a pre-disaster high of 655.4 pence to 429.75
p
Mr Obama has used the disaster to urge Congress to pass a bill to overhaul US energy policy and end tax breaks for oil companies .
The oil began leaking into the Gulf of Mexico on 20 April when the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , leased to BP , exploded , killing 11 workers .
BP is drilling two relief wells to permanently stop the leak but they are not expected to be completed until August .
A " top kill " procedure , which had been considered the best hope for plugging the leak , failed over the weekend .
Engineers were unable to pump enough heavy mud into the well to staunch the oil flow .
Boy who accidentally shot best friend dead while playing with revolver locked up for five years
Detained for five years : Dean Eastham claimed his victim Lewis O'Brien had brought the gun to his house , which was disputed by Lewis 's family and the police
A schoolboy obsessed with guns from the age of 12 accidentally shot dead his best friend while fooling around with a loaded revolver in his bedroom , a court heard yesterday .
Baby - faced Dean Eastham , 16 , killed Lewis O'Brien , 17 , shortly after the wannabe gangsters , dressed in black balaclavas and gloves , posed for ' sinister ' photographs holding the banned weapon .
As Eastham was locked up for five years today , police said the case highlighted the fatal and tragic consequences of young children playing with guns .
They urged parents on Britain 's estates to keep a close eye on their sons after it emerged that Eastham had developed an unhealthy interest in firearms at a young age .
Aged just 12 , Eastham , who smoked cannabis every day from the age of 14 , received a police reprimand after holding up and threatening a newsagent with a ball bearing gun .
Detective Chief Inspector Richard Carr said : ' The dangers of young people fooling around with loaded firearms are obvious .
' From a young age Dean Eastham was associating with firearms and there is a culture among certain sections of society that firearms are acceptable ; but they are not .
' Parents need to be mindful if their children have access to BB guns or air rifles that they do n't lead onto more dangerous weapons . '
Liverpool Crown Court heard that the shooting on January 27 this year happened when Eastham , Lewis and a 15 - year - old , who can not be named for legal reasons , gathered at Eastham 's house , in the Huyton district of Liverpool - an area plagued by gangs and gun crime .
The trio began smoking marijuana before Eastham produced the banned Ruger revolver he had been given to ' look after ' , which he stored in a fishing trolley in his back garden .
Brendan Carville , prosecuting , told the court that the boys posed for mobile phone photographs holding the gun and Eastham started joking and waving the gun around , saying ' Give us your money ' .
But unbeknown to the trio , the gun was loaded .
It went off , shooting Lewis at close range in the heart .
As his friend lay bleeding on the floor , Eastham , who has other convictions for car crime and was in breach of an interim ASBO at the time of the killing , fled the scene and went on the run .
He disposed of his clothing and the gun , which has never been found .
Eastham eventually handed himself in and confessed to police five days later .
However , he claimed that Lewis had brought the gun to his home , a fact disputed by police and Lewis 's family - who shouted ' liar ' towards Eastham as details of the case were recounted in court .
In interview , Eastham also said that the gun had gone off when Lewis tried to grapple it from his grip , although , the hearing was told , there was no forensic evidence to support this claim .
Police outside the house where Lewis O'Brien was shot dead by his best friend Dean Eastham as they played with a loaded gun
Yesterday Judge Henry Globe , QC , the recorder of Liverpool , sentenced Eastham to five years detention after the teenager pleaded guilty to manslaughter , possession of an illegal firearm and attempting to pervert the course of justice by disposing of his clothing and the gun .
He told Eastham : ' Instead of being fearful of the gun you were play acting with it and pretending to be big .
Only this was no toy gun , it was a real gun .
' The disturbing feature of the photographs is that they portray an element of perceived glamour derived from holding a real gun .
' However , you had not taken the basic precaution of checking that it was n't loaded and the inevitable happened . '
The judge accepted that Eastham had never intended to harm Lewis but stressed that ' considerable pressure ' would have been needed to pull the trigger .
Referring to the gun , the judge added : ' You know what happened to it .
By your actions it remains available by another to kill , maim or injure other people . '
In a statement Lewis ' ' heartbroken ' parents , Mark O'Brien and Shirley Spendlove , who are separated , said their world had been shattered by their son's death .
' Words can not express the pain we feel and there will never be fitting justice for our son Lewis , ' they said .
' His life was cruelly and prematurely taken away and our lives will never be the same . '
Last summer Africa 's first great footballer was invited by his friend and boyhood idol , Alfredo Di Stefáno , to the unveiling of Cristiano Ronaldo by Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu stadium .
An €80 m purchase from Manchester United , Ronaldo was Portugal 's new global star .
Di Stefáno nudged Eusébio and said : " That would have been you . "
Long before George Weah , Didier Drogba , Michael Essien or Samuel Eto'o there was Eusébio da Silva Ferreira , who wears a symbolic lustre no footballer can match as Africa 's first World Cup approaches .
Eusébio affirmed his immortality in the era of Pelé , George Best , Bobby Charlton and Johan Cruyff .
Though his 64 international caps were acquired with Portugal – and all his deeds at club level achieved with Benfica , from 1961 - 75 – Mozambique and Africa can cite him as proof that their continent bred one of the game 's all - time top 10 players not in the present age of Drogba and Eto'o , but 68 years ago .
So the " Black Panther " or " Black Pearl " , as he was known , dubiously , must sense he is a figurehead for this tournament ?
" I do , I feel very proud .
I do n't feel a weight of expectation , but a lot of people are looking to me , with the first World Cup in Africa , " he says .
" It 's something for the whole continent to be proud of , not just South Africa .
For anyone born in Africa , any footballer , the biggest party in football is going down there for the first time . "
The bare outline is that the first great footballer to leave Africa to pursue European recognition spent 13 seasons at Benfica , where he won seven championships , was Portugal 's leading scorer from 1964 - 68 and helped bring the 1962 European Cup back to the Estádio da Luz , where he is immortalised in statue form and is still an ambassador for Lisbon 's biggest club .
Eusébio scored 727 times in 715 appearances for Benfica and won the Golden Boot with his nine goals for Portugal in the 1966 World Cup .
Four of those came in a 5 - 3 quarter - final win against North Korea .
Forty - one goals in 64 outings for his adopted country is a record that lasted until 2005 , when it was surpassed by Pauleta , a journeyman compared to this son of a railway mechanic , who played for nothing grander than a Coca - Cola and a sandwich until a conversation in a Portuguese barbershop shaped his fate .
The first talker was a coach from São Paulo , the Brazilian side who were touring Portugal after a trip to Mozambique ( then Portuguese East Africa ) .
The unidentified scout eulogised a young striker he had seen with a provincial club with ties to Sporting Lisbon .
Listening was Bela Guttman , the Benfica coach , who flew within a week to Lourenço Marques ( now Maputo ) .
Eusébio could run the 100 m in 11 seconds .
Guttman outraged Sporting by buying the 18 - year - old inside - left for £ 7,500 ( Eusébio now says it was for € 2,000 , or its equivalent ) .
Two weeks later he was playing for Portugal .
So far , so romantic , but the rancour between the two Lisbon clubs has endured .
Even now Eusébio is irritated by the suggestion that Sporting were entitled to his signature .
" I used to play in Sporting 's feeder club in Mozambique .
Benfica wanted to pay me in a contract to go while Sporting wanted to take me as a junior player for the experience with no monetary reward , " he says .
" Benfica made a nice approach .
They went to speak to my mum , my brother , and offered € 1,000 for three years .
My brother asked for double and they paid it .
They signed the contract with my mother and she got the money .
She put it in a bank in Mozambique , with a clause on it , saying that if her son did n't go to Portugal and become a great footballer she would pay the money back , because she had a good heart .
" There was a newspaper picture of her with all the money on the table with her arms round it .
I had never seen such money in my life .
Sporting tried to spread the story that I 'd stitched them up , but it was the other way round , because they tried to take me for free while Benfica were willing to pay . "
To escape the kerfuffle , Benfica hid him in a house on the Algarve until Sporting had calmed down .
At € 2,000 , or £ 7,500 , whichever is the true figure , Eusébio was to become Portugal 's finest player .
Ronaldo is unlikely to have left Manchester for less than £ 200,000 a week .
The world Eusébio left was one of European colonies and lasting exploitation .
Portugal 's leading clubs farmed the country 's overseas " possessions " for African talent .
Portugal 's imperialism in Africa can be traced to Vasco da Gama landing there in the 15th century on his way to India .
Eusébio's pathfinders to Europe were Hilário , Matateu and Mário Coluna , who joined Benfica in 1954 .
The new star 's salary – piffling , by today 's standards – was twice the previous highest paid to an African footballer .
The day of his leaving remains in the foreground of his memory .
And an anniversary approaches .
He says : " Eighteen years old , 17 December 1960 .
In December of this year I will have been 50 years in Portugal .
Always Benfica , it 's a family to me .
I 'm an ambassador for them and the national team .
I 'm with them all the time . "
Like most products of that gilded age , Eusébio describes the deprivations of his early years with pride , rather than regret , perhaps to amplify his achievements to the young and ignorant .
" I was already a good footballer , I just was n't a professional .
We played with socks or newspaper rolled into a ball . "
He is in London to support the Fifa - backed 1GOAL campaign , which has a target of ensuring 72 million African children can receive an education by 2015 .
This is no light ambassadorial duty for Eusébio , who has launched numerous charitable programmes in Mozambique and still holds dual nationality .
" I have family there , fewer of them with time , and I have my friends .
A lot of my family have passed over to the other side but I still have six relatives there , " he says .
He will be there for a fifth visit this year when he flies in this week .
" Every time I go back it gets a little bit better .
You go to Africa now and there are a lot more football pitches and a better infrastructure , but it also depends on how it 's managed after the World Cup . "
Watching him rise from a table with his bow legs and impossibly tender knees , you see the high physical cost of 20 years in the game in a more brutal era .
After Benfica , in 1975 , he toured the North American Soccer League , turning out for Boston Minutemen and Las Vegas Quicksilvers among others .
In the 1960s , Real Madrid 's interest in him ceased when they saw how bad his weaker right knee was ( six operations , in the same spot , have left a kind of ruin ) .
His ambition was to emulate Sir Stanley Matthews and play on towards his 50s , but chronic knee pain forced him to stop at the age of 39 .
As he tells that story about the Ronaldo unveiling , the question of envy creeps into the interviewer 's mind .
But he is straight on to it , like a loose ball in the box : " There is no jealousy .
The generation I played with was the best generation ever .
You do n't have that now and I would n't change it for the money .
It was all heart and that 's why there were so many great players .
Portugal , England , Brazil , Argentina : so many .
That 's why I 'm so happy with what I had , to have been a great player .
I 'm happy to have been part of that era .
" Football nowadays is just commercial .
Television commands the times of the games .
The players are very good , obviously .
I 'm happy for the modern - day player who signs his contract and makes lots of money .
The players of my era helped make that possible .
" I respect the football of today but the football of my time was better .
Football has n't got better , it has just evolved , from the ball to the boots to the shirts to the training methods – everything around them .
Pelé , George Best , Cruyff , Garrincha would have been amazing players today .
" When we played Real Madrid and won 5 - 3 [ in the 1962 European Cup final – Eusébio scored two ] it was soaking wet and the ball ended up weighing a kilo .
It did n't have a brand .
That 's why Pelé or Garrincha , if they played now , would be so wonderful .
Consider their boots .
There was no personalised footwear from Adidas .
We 'd have one pair for all surfaces , and the kitman would change the studs according to the conditions .
Sometimes they'd do it in a rush and a nail would still be in there .
You 'd take your boot off and there would be blood from where the nail had penetrated your foot .
Back then we made money , but we played for the love , it was all heart . "
In this fraternal spirit he urges Africa 's World Cup contenders to assume a strong group mentality : " The problem is that the players are quite individual .
I wish the players would get together and work together .
If that happened African football would take another leap forward . "
And he chafes when asked why Portugal have failed to convert talent into international trophies : " What a lot of people do n't know is that Portugal have won tournaments , just not at senior level .
Their juniors have always been very strong in World Cups and European Championships .
" The problem is that when people think of Portugal and these great players they forget it 's a very small country .
It 's not easy .
Portuguese clubs have won European trophies , but it 's a very fine line between success and failure at international level and it's a very small country .
Compare Brazil to Portugal and it's David and Goliath .
The colonies in Africa – Angola and Mozambique – had four players in the Portugal side in 1966 and that 's gone now because these countries have their own national sides .
You 've lost that stream of players . "
Of Ronaldo he says : " I know him very well , he 's a very good professional , a hard worker .
At Real Madrid when all the players leave training he stays there and takes free - kicks , takes penalties , takes the ball on his own , dribbles .
His work ethic is very good , without the coach asking him to do it .
When my colleagues were back at home eating I 'd still be practising and Ronaldo is the same , a real hard worker .
I 'm not a Barcelona fan but I very much admire Lionel Messi .
I have n't seen him train .
I know Ronaldo a lot better .
Currently , Messi is the best player in the world .
He writes his name all over the pitch . "
To summon the spirit of his era – the 60s and early 70s – just ask whether Ronaldo might surpass him as Portugal 's nonpareil .
" I 'm a footballer , not a pundit , " he says .
" Seven - times best footballer [ in Portugal ] , top scorer at the World Cup , voted into the all - time Fifa top 10 .
Those are just the facts .
I 'm not sure whether anyone can surpass that .
It 's up to you guys to decide .
I 'm proud to say I 've done something for the good of football .
I do n't compare myself to anyone . "
He points to Carlos Alberto – Brazil 's 1970 World Cup - winning captain , who is with him in London , and who scored arguably the greatest of all World Cup goals .
" There are things you can't forget , moments in history like that . "
On Wednesday we asked for your vacation horror stories , and you people delivered with some shitty vacations .
Literally .
Step on in for tales of woe that will shock and amaze you , and might make you stay at home this summer .
We 've done this horror story thing before and usually the tales are a little tragic but mostly funny and ironic and we can all laugh at each others ' misery .
This time they were just downright depressing !
It 's hard to giggle at death , dismemberment , maiming , and being trapped at one fundamentalist church camp or another .
But still , there were plenty of funny stories peppered in the mix to make slogging through all of them worthwhile .
The best of the bunch often included a combination bodily fluids , sickness , airplane woes , shit , summer camp , and old people — lots of feeble old people .
Anyway , here are the people who deserve commendation for their horrible tales .
Click on the link to read the story .
The titles are mine , but the stories are all theirs .
Those of you who did n't have a star before have earned one now .
Honeymoon Car Accident : by Raphaela
: by Raphaela Irish Keystone Cops : by Federov
: by Federov Pain in the Eye : by Betty Crocker
: by Betty Crocker Unfortunate Rash : by Im10acious
: by Im10acious Tent Troubles : by ThisIsWhy ...
: by ThisIsWhy ... Four Flight Delays and a Funeral : by Zapfino The Magnificent
: by Zapfino The Magnificent Tarmac Serenade : by RenobKilla
: by RenobKilla Oh Deer : by Acrobatic Robot
: by Acrobatic Robot He 's Not Stinky , He's My Brother : by Dolemite_1975
: by Dolemite_1975 Tibetan Hold Up : by TheVirginSpring
: by TheVirginSpring My Left Foot : by ChristianEf
: by ChristianEf Christian Scientists Monitored : by KayKins
: by KayKins Bad Day at the Beach : by Charlotte Rae's Web
: by Charlotte Rae's Web Grandma 's a Beach : by LezzieJezzie
: by LezzieJezzie Suburban Safari : by SpiritFingers
: by SpiritFingers Plumbing Problems : by Kaverdine
But , ladies and gentlemen , there can only be one winner , and this story is the most Griswoldian of the bunch .
It does n't contain just one horrible incident at an abandoned campground , but a whole month 's worth of them .
Unlike the comedic Vacation this is a bit of a sad drama , but reading it is like coming across the treatment for a great coming of age movie that will kickstart some indie director 's career .
It is Rocket Surgeon 's Summer of Sadness :
When I was 14 , my family decided to take a month - long cross-country summer camping trip .
My mom planned for months , bought a used van , and loaded my 11 - year old sister , dad and I in it .
The trip , while a great experience overall , included a surprising series of minor and major disasters .
In the middle of our third night in , our tent collapsed on us during a near - tornado in Arkansas .
Later , the weather kept us confined to a Pizza Hut in Kansas for 7 hours during hurricane - force winds and rain .
The seals of the windows were coming loose , cracks were forming at the edges and the flag pole in the parking lot bent to the ground .
On our way to Phoenix , our half - way point , we arrived at the park we 'd chosen to camp at in Oklahoma , it was completely empty .
No staff , no campers , nothing - like everyone had picked up and left .
There were wanted posters stapled all over the door of the ranger station showing a police sketch of a multiple - murderer who had escaped in the immediate area .
We piled back in the van and got the hell out of there .
After a week in Phoenix , we made our way to northern Arizona , for a 3 day stay at the Grand Canyon , were caught in the middle of a heartbreaking domestic violence situation .
On our second day , two men with a camper took the spot across from us .
They had a small boy , maybe 10 years old , with them .
They beat him savagely that night , and lord knows what else they did to him .
We could hear him screaming in pain , for a long , long time .
My mother called the park police , who did n't respond .
The next morning they were gone , but I 'll never forget seeing that poor little guy peeping out of the window .
The craziest night of the trip followed soon thereafter .
Once we left Flagstaff , we were in the middle of nowhere .
The only campground around for miles was on a reservation .
As we were driving through the entrance , we were stopped by a " Pat " of a park ranger - a fat , little gray - haired possible female - on his / her golf cart .
Pat the ranger directed our attention to a large sign that said in big , carved state park sign font " SECURE ALL VALUABLES " , not responsible for stolen property , personal injury , damage to vehicles , etc. etc .
Sounds like a nice place , we thought .
Let 's stay here in a thin , nylon tent for the night .
There were a number of scraggly - looking dogs roaming the camping area .
I tossed them peanut - butter sandwiches , because mom would n't let me touch them .
That night , after being bothered by a drunk panhandler in the dark on my way back from the bathhouse , I finally tried to fall asleep .
As I lay there , I heard multiple gunshots coming from very near the tent , followed by pained yelps and whimpers .
This went on for maybe 5 or 10 minutes .
My stomach churned .
In the morning , we saw Pat the ranger and asked him / her just what exactly the fuck was happening the night before .
The response , " Ah , we got to shoot dem dogs .
They 's got tha buuubonic plague . "
They were shooting plague - infested animals outside our tent .
I developed a rash on my arm about 24 hours later , but luckily , it was n't the Black Death .
Congratulations , Rocket Surgeon .
You have won our admiration , a star , and a free beach towel .
Email me to redeem your prize .
Thanks for sharing everyone .
Now get out there and make some more horrible memories to share with us .
[ Image via Christopher Parypa / Shutterstock ]
More than 100 banks in the US have now collapsed so far this year after another seven were taken over by regulators late on Friday – the same day that seven European banks failed a financial health check .
With rising bad debts tied to commercial and residential mortgages , the number of US bank failures this year is expected to exceed last year 's figure of 140 .
The largest of the seven US banks just seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation – which acts as a receiver and protects depositors – was Crescent Bank and Trust Company in Georgia , with more than $ 1bn in assets .
In all , the seven failed banks had total assets of $ 2bn .
In Europe , investors will have a first real chance tomorrow to react to the results of banking stress tests designed to ease concerns about institutions ' financial strength and exposure to debt - laden countries such as Greece .
Regulators assessed how banks would stand up to a double dip recession and a sovereign debt crisis .
But several analysts questioned whether the tests were tough enough , since , for example , banks were only required to simulate losses on sovereign debt held for trading purposes and not on bonds they might hold to maturity .
Five of the seven institutions that failed the tests were Spanish cajas , or regional savings banks , with Greece 's ATE and Germany 's Hypo Real Estate being the other two .
Christophe Nijdam at research firm AlphaValue said the failure rate was just 8 % compared with 53 % for tests conducted in America last year , when 10 of 19 banks tested needed to raise about $ 75 bn ( £ 48 bn ) in new capital .
Research firm CreditSights said it expected a benign market reaction to the European tests , given the amount of information divulged by individual banks : " Controversy remains over the treatment of sovereign risks , but private sector loan losses look to have been adequately factored in .
[ There was ] better disclosure than we had expected , which allows observers to make further adjustments to the scenarios if they want to . "
Britain's four biggest banks , Barclays , HSBC and the bailed - out Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group , comfortably passed the tests .
My complaint about DC ’s handling of interlocking covers a couple weeks ago got me thinking more about recent comic covers .
Big
Two superhero comics have long been a place for boilerplate standard cover layouts : title along the top , number and company logo in the top left cover , more recently creator credits running below the logo / number .
In principle I applaud any attempt to expand the range of the covers , though more often than not that just seems to involve running some sort of design element across the top or side of the book , something that goes back to DC ’s “ Go Go Checks ” or the little translucent bar along the spine of practically every Vertigo book in the 1990s .
Whoever designed the covers for Ink and the Rise & Fall crossover went in for some blocking , and messed up the interlocking covers in the process .
To be sure there have been good recent examples of blocky cover design elements that instantly define a line of books :
While some people complained about all of these designs , particularly Civil War and Siege and how about half of each cover ’s space is devoted to “ design ” , at a glance you immediately recognize these as Ultimate / Civil War / Final Crisis / Siege titles .
Marvel ’s been going nuts with these lately , giving crossover events and even individual story arcs a unique unified cover design :
I ’m not in love with all of these ( though Stark Disassembled and PunisherMAX both look so nice that I nearly regret being a trades - only guy ) and yes , most of them also involve blocking out areas .
Blockiness is n’t really the problem , considering that practically every comic ever is going to be quadrilateral .
But at the very least they have distinct cover schemes .
On the other hand , check out the following selection culled from only the past two years of DC titles :
Banners !
Banners !!
Banners !!!
This is n’t even counting all of the ‘ SECOND FEATURE ’ banners that appear on top of some DC titles , or more often along the bottom because some other banner is already on top : that ’s right , DC is now resorting to multi- bannered covers .
Banners are approaching the abused status that colons suffered during the dark period of Countdown Presents : The Challengers of the Beyond : The Search for Ray Palmer : Wildstorm though I pray DC finds help before they hit that low .
Then again , yesterday saw the release of Action Comics # 890 .
Action has had a banner for the past thirty issues , with New Krypton / Origins & Omens / World Without Superman / Codename Patriot / World Against Superman / Last Stand of New Krypton cluttering things up for over two years , often with a “ Second Feature : Captain Atom ” banner running along the bottom .
Finally , with a fresh new creative team ( Paul Cornell & Pete Woods ) and a new lead character ( Lex Luthor ) , you ’d think Action Comics could slip loose the surly bonds of ugly banners , right ?
Just kidding !
According to a leak from Verizon 's system , the carrier is planning to phase out the original Motorola DROID smartphone as well as the budget Devour .
Both smartphones will get few , if any , more shipments as Verizon Wireless sells out its remaining stock .
At this point , no estimate has been given as to when the phones will sell out , but neither phone is listed in Verizon 's leaked summer catalog .
DROID Forums spotted the departure , which also includes devices such as the original BlackBerry Tour , the Nokia Twist , and a few Samsung feature phones including the Intensity , Knack , Saga , and Smooth .
The Motorola DROID became available last November .
Although it may reach end of life less than a year after it made its debut , it has had a good run and is considered one of the most important Android smartphones to date .
Other highly praised Android smartphones have come to market since the original DROID 's debut , including the Droid Incredible by HTC .
Despite having to compete with other successful Android smartphones , the Motorola DROID has sold well and has been credited with increasing Android 's market share .
Although the news has n't officially been announced by Verizon , between the recent launch of the Droid X and the upcoming August launch of the Droid 2 , a phase out of the original DROID seems realistic .
This is not intended to be a complete solution for converting haml files to erb .
Indeed , there may be better ways to approach this problem ( and if you know of any , I ’d be glad to hear about them in the comments below ) .
The point of this demonstration is to showcase some of the things that you can acheive using Vim ’s macros .
You may encounter other scenarios where these techniques come in useful .
Single line conversion
For a haml one - liner the conversion to ERB is straightforward .
The following steps were taken :
qp to record keystrokes into the p register
to record keystrokes into the register I to insert “ < % ” at the beginning of the line
to insert “ < % ” at the beginning of the line A to append “ %> ” at the end of the line
to append “ %> ” at the end of the line q to finish recording the macro
I then searched for the pattern ^\s*= to jump to the next one - liner .
The macro can be replayed by pressing @p .
Subsequent one - liners can be converted by running n@@ - n jumps to the next match , and @@ replays the macro that was most recently played .
Multi-line conversion
Whereas haml uses significant whitespace to delimit blocks ( in a similar fashion to Python ) , erb uses the end keyword ( like tradtional Ruby ) .
I created a macro that allows me to visually select a region that needs to be terminated with an end keyword .
Playing the macro converts the first line to erb by wrapping it in <%- %> delimitters , then appends the <% end %> keyword after the block .
The macro works by setting marks at the top and bottom of the visual selection .
This allows me to jump between the two regions that need to be edited .
You can set a mark by pressing m followed by a letter .
I chose to use the letter ’t ' for the top mark , and ‘ b ’ for the bottom mark because I find these easy to remember .
You can use whatever mnemonic suits you .
Having set the marks , you can then jump to them by typing 't .
That is , single - quote followed by the letter of the mark you want to jump to .
Auto - indentation
When I open an ERB file , Vim detects the filetype from the file extension and sets the auto indentation accordingly .
In this case , I have a HAML file with the ERB extension .
This is going to confuse Vim ’s automatic indentation , so I switched it off by running :
: set indentexpr=
Further reading
Never one to to allow a “ good crisis ” to go to waste , Barack Obama is pledging to use the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico as an opportunity to push the U.S. Congress to pass his controversial climate bill .
In fact , during a recent interview Obama directly compared the current crisis in the Gulf to 9/11 , and indicated that he believed that it would fundamentally change the way that we all look at energy issues from now on .
But the truth is that Obama ’s climate bill is the same economy killing legislation that it was before the BP oil spill .
It would still drive gas and electricity prices through the roof , it would still cause large numbers of U.S. businesses to flee overseas , it would still be one of the biggest tax increases in U.S. history and it would still usher in an unprecedented era of climate fascism .
But now thanks to the BP oil spill there is suddenly a lot more momentum in Congress for doing something about energy and about “ climate change ” .
Of course the truth is that carbon dioxide is not causing climate change and high levels of carbon dioxide are actually very good for the environment , but reducing carbon emissions has almost become a religion for radical environmentalists , and Barack Obama is absolutely determined to push through his “ cap and trade ” carbon trading scheme .
In fact , just as 9/11 completely changed the war that Americans viewed the fight against terrorism , Barack Obama sees the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico fundamentally changing the way that Americans see energy issues .
During a recent interview , Obama told Politico columnist Roger Simon the following ….
“ In the same way that our view of our vulnerabilities and our foreign policy was shaped profoundly by 9/11 , I think this disaster is going to shape how we think about the environment and energy for many years to come . ”
Not only that , but Obama considers it one of his greatest “ leadership challenges ” to make sure that we all “ draw the right lessons ” from the BP oil spill … .
“ One of the biggest leadership challenges for me going forward is going to be to make sure that we draw the right lessons from this disaster . ”
So what are those “ right lessons ” ?
Well , apparently what we are all supposed to get out of this disaster are the lessons that Obama has been trying to “ teach ” us all along – that carbon taxes and cap and trade schemes are good for us .
But Barack Obama is not the only one urging us to learn the “ right lessons ” from the BP oil spill .
In a recent interview with ABC News , Microsoft ’s Bill Gates also linked the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico with “ climate change ” .
Gates warned that if we do n’t make the necessary changes soon that we will suffer severe consequences ….
“ We ’ll have more crises like the oil spill and we ’ll have the supply disruption .
We ’ll start to see more and more effects of the climate problem . ”
But would the climate bill that Obama is pushing really save us from “ climate change ” ?
Of course not .
But Barack Obama ’s climate change bill would do the following things ….
* It would drive gas and electricity prices through the roof .
* It would crush the already fragile U.S. economy by piling a bunch of new taxes and regulations on U.S. businesses .
Needless to say , large numbers of them would begin looking for greener pastures .
* It would increase worldwide pollution by forcing companies out of the U.S. and into nations that have no restrictions on pollution whatsoever .
* When you add up all of the overt and hidden taxes in the bill , it would represent one of the biggest tax increases in U.S. history .
* Since every action we take involves the production of carbon emissions ( including every breath that we take ) , it would open the door for an era of tyrannical climate fascism where the U.S. government literally monitors every aspect of our lives to make sure that we are being “ eco-friendly ” .
But Barack Obama makes this climate bill sound like it is the greatest thing since sliced bread .
In fact , he continues to promise that the number of “ green jobs ” gained by this bill will far outweigh the number of other jobs lost .
But is this true ?
Of course not .
In fact , other countries that have tried a “ cap and trade ” scheme have experienced disastrous results .
For example , a leaked internal assessment produced by the government of Spain reveals that the “ green economy ” there has been an absolute economic nightmare for that nation .
Energy prices have skyrocketed in Spain and the new “ green economy ” in that nation has actually lost more than two jobs for every job that it has created .
The unemployment rate in Spain is now hovering around 20 percent and the economy there is on the verge of complete and total collapse .
In fact , if the government of Spain does end up defaulting on their debts , it could make the financial crisis that has been unfolding in Greece look like a Sunday picnic .
It should be obvious to anyone with a brain that a climate bill like the one Spain implemented will devastate the U.S. economy .
But facts have n’t gotten in the way of Barack Obama pushing his agenda before , so why should they now ?
However , it is not just Barack Obama that is pushing an agenda of trying to radically reduce carbon emissions .
All over the world , many of the global elite have joined forces with the radical environmentalists in an effort to “ save the world ” from the growing “ threat ” of carbon dioxide .
And since each person on this planet is a source of constant carbon emissions , many of those who truly believe in this radical environmental agenda consider the rapidly growing population of the earth to be the number one cause of climate change .
You see , to those obsessed with “ climate change ” , just getting corporations around the globe to radically cut carbon emissions is not nearly going to be good enough .
The truth is that they know that in order to get carbon emissions down to where they want them to be , they are going to have to do something about the growing world population .
To them , in the “ war against climate change ” anyone who breathes is the enemy .
In fact , according to an official UN report , no human can ever truly be “ carbon neutral ” .
So please understand that for those obsessed with climate change , “ carbon taxes ” and “ cap and trade ” are just the beginning .
To truly achieve their goals , “ one child policies ” and “ forced abortions ” will also be necessary .
So if Barack Obama does get his climate bill pushed through Congress and it does kill the U.S. economy , that would only be a “ first step ” for those truly dedicated to the radical environmental agenda .
What they have planned down the road is a whole lot more horrific .
This gold lunala , homed at The National Museum of Ireland , has a fascinating more recent history as well as its ancient past .
Among the many rare and precious items at The National Museum of Ireland sits a lunala , as worn by the early kings of Ireland .
Among the many rare and precious items at The National Museum of Ireland sits a 4,000 - year - old necklace and two discs which were found in a dumpster .
The necklace , called a lunala , was worn by the early kings of Ireland .
It is thought to date from between 2,300 and 1,800 BC .
It was first discovered in March 1945 in Coggalbeg , County Roscommon by farmer Hubert Lannon .
He found it in a bog while he was cutting turf and kept it in his home .
Two years later he passed the necklace on to a local chemist Patrick Sheehan , in Strokestown , who kept the priceless piece of history in his shop 's safe .
There it remained until February 2009 , when two thieves grabbed the safe during a burglary .
In March 2010 , two men pleaded guilty to the burglary and were given three - year suspended sentences .
Working with the police , curators from the National Museum ’s Irish Antiquities Division found out that the jewelry along with other documents and papers from the Sheehan ’s safe had been left in a dumpster in Dublin .
By the time the police had received this information they literally had hours to locate the dumpster before the trash would be collected .
The detectives who waded through the dumpster of trash to find the delicate jewelry , which weighs just 78 grams , were rewarded on the retrieval of the treasures .
The three pieces , the necklace , and two discs are thought to be one of the most important archaeological discoveries for many years .
As the Museum director Pat Wallace said , “ There is a whole lot of conjoined freaks of good luck to make it possible . ”
Read more : Top ten archaeological discoveries in Ireland - PHOTOS
* Originally published in 2013 .
BRUSSELS —
Even as nations struggle to curb emissions of greenhouse gases , the European Union is taking on a potentially more complicated environmental challenge : preserving the world ’s biodiversity .
Last week , the European Commission put biodiversity at the center of its annual Green Week conference in Brussels after E.U. environment ministers warned in March against “ going beyond the limits of nature , ” and after heads of state and government endorsed the ministers ’ pledge to halt biodiversity loss in the Union by 2020 and step up efforts to avert such losses globally .
The conference brought together corporate executives , bankers and government ministers to discuss the benefits of healthy soils , fresh water supplies and plentiful forests , and to explore ways to create a framework to maintain them worldwide .
“ There is such a thing as finite resources , ” Norbert Röttgen , the German environment minister , warned delegates .
Formula 1 is returning to the United States – and let us pause here to say woo - hoo !
– and a lot of people wonder why Formula One Management chose Austin , Texas .
Actually , Austin makes perfect sense .
The United States Grand Prix has been hosted by everyone from Long Beach to Indianapolis , but New York is its historical home .
The Empire State hosted the race from 1961 until 1980 .
New York put together a solid bid to host the race when it returns to the U.S. in 2012 , but in the end F1 M , which manages and licenses the sport , chose Texas .
Austin , its capital , will host the United States Grand Prix from 2012 through 2020 .
Matt Hardigee of Jalopnik has written a detailed account of how and why New York " got screwed , " as he put it .
In a nutshell , Hardigee argues that as recently as May 5 it appeared F1 was returning to New York .
He also notes that Bernie Ecclestone – the * capo di tutti capi * of F1 – and famed track designer Herman Tilke had visited Monticello Motor Club and hoped to stage a race there .
We 'd argue that New York was n't screwed and it 's clear why F1 would choose Austin .
First and foremost , Ecclestone 's first , second and third considerations are the best interests – read , money – of Formula One Management .
By Hardigee 's own ( excellent ) reporting , Texas was a bigger payday .
What 's more , everyone from the governor and state comptroller on down is behind the project .
That will help grease the skids as Texas scrambles to build a track .
Speaking of the track , Ecclestone gets a facility designed and built specifically for F1 , one some experts tell the Austin American - Statesman could cost as much as $ 250 million .
Had F1 returned to New York , it probably would have run at Watkins Glen or Monticello – two excellent tracks , to be sure , but not the modern operations Ecclestone has come to expect ( and receive ) from new grands prix hosts .
“ For the first time in the history of Formula One in the United States , a world - class facility will be purpose - built to host the event , " Ecclestone said in a statement .
Of course , it remains to be seen how Austin will get a track together in time for the 2012 season , so Ecclestone may wish he had gone with an existing track .
But that 's a whole ' nother story .
Another advantage Austin has is the audience .
Ecclestone has made a push to expand F1 into new markets – China , Abu Dhabi and , beginning next year , Korea and India – and new audiences .
He accomplishes this in Texas , a point F1 M makes when it says Austin is " perfectly located geographically for North , South and Central American visitors . "
On the other hand , going to New York would mean sharing a market , and essentially the same audience , with the Canadian GP .
This was n't a matter of New York being screwed , it was a matter of Austin making more sense for Formula 1 Management and , ultimately , the sport .
And at the end of the day , the only thing that really matters is F1 returning to the United States .
UPDATED 12:30 p.m. May 28 to correct the spelling of Ecclestone 's name .
D'oh !
Photo : Renault .
Robert Kubica in the Renault R30 on May 13 , 2010 during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix .
Maybe this is the future tracker that will walk in the footsteps of Elektronik who has recently announced that they will shut down .
Here is a brand - new ratioless tracker powered by Gazelle for electronic music .
At the moment the statistics are : 122 members and 100 torrents .
The tracker wants to remain known only by it ’s users so we wo n't provide their URL .
Maybe we got your attention so , here is a small surprise for you .
We have unlimited invites , so you can join XTC through LearnItWith but you can also join through interview .
Statistics :
SiteURL : forbidden
Signup : forbidden
Torrents : 100
Members : 122
Forum : ~300 posts / threads
Our Rating : none
mIRC : YES
Non-Movement : NO
Codebase : Gazelle
Seed Bonus : YES
How to join XTC ?
Simple , you can join through us .
Especially for LearnItWith readers , we have some invites so if you want to join XTC , send un an e-mail at givemethevolume@gmail.com with the subject : XTC invite .
mIRC details :
The tracker is now in BETA version , the staff members are still in full “ coding fever ” .
You will start with :
500 MB upload and 5 invites .
Rules :
Torrents :
And the second method is via interview .
The staff has opened the channel so if you pass the interview you will be invited .
XTC is a ratio - free tracker .
This means that you dohave to maintain a positive ratio , but you do have to avoid Hit - n - Runs ( HNRs ) .
Youseed for 120 hours after completeing the torrent ( does not have to be continuous ) .
Otherwise , you will recieve a Hit - n - Run warning .
If you get a Hit - n - Run warning , you have 1 week to seed the torrent back before you will be put on HNR watch .
After 1 week of HNR watch and failing to seed back , your account will be disabled .
We have a zero - tolerance policy against Hit-n - Runners .
You can see screenshots from XTC with our InsideIN .
All you need to do is download the file and open it .
The folder contains a few screenshots from XTC such as : torrents , forum , user classes etc.RapidShare : http://rapidshare.com/files/396746716/XTC.Review-LIW.rar.html
Uploading : http://uploading.com/files/af949m8m/XTC.Review-LIW.rar/
4 Shared : http://www.4shared.com/file/sCyIL0We/XTCReview-LIW.html
A standard teaching of Zen Buddhism is that the truth it points to with words goes beyond words .
This should not be hard for anyone to understand .
Where often the problem lies is that what is unspeakable may not be the truth .
It does n’t follow that what is unspeakable is always the truth of what the Buddha saw under the Bodhi - tree when he awakened .
Ignorance , to give one example , is unspeakable .
The truth to which Zen Buddhism points is very real .
It is within our capacity to realize it .
But it is not an easy matter to realize what is absolutely true and unspeakable .
For one thing , we are in the grip of spiritual amnesia .
We are like someone who ca n’t remember who he is .
Not even his name .
Even if a member of his family tries to refresh his memory , it will prove unsuccessful .
So deep is our spiritual amnesia that it may take a lifetime to wake up to our true nature — or we may never awaken .
To get around this difficulty , some popular modern teachers of Zen tell their students all they have to do is just sit or just be aware of the task at hand .
This is all the practice of Zen is about , they insist .
Such teachers , to be frank , are selling rat burgers under a sign that says , hamburger .
In no Sutra has the Buddha ever taught his disciples that prolonged sitting or being aware of the task at hand will lead to anuttara - samyak - sambodhi , that is , the highest enlightenment .
Looking back to ancient India , many schools taught meditation which required sitting in the full lotus posture .
In light of this it would be foolish to insist that because these ascetics sat in the lotus posture , they all became Buddhas !
The teachings of Zen Buddhism have a specific goal .
We are to attain a glimpse into Buddha Mind , which means the Mind that is awakened ; not our ordinary , familiar mind that is in a state of spiritual amnesia .
All of Zen ’s teachings are directed to this goal — not the goal of just sitting or being aware of peeling onions both of which are impermanent practices .
If this is not so then why did Bodhidharma teach the following ?
“ Buddhas of the past and future only talk about this mind .
The mind is the Buddha , and the buddha is the mind .
Beyond the mind there ’s no buddha , and beyond the buddha there 's no mind .
If you think there ’s a buddha beyond the mind , where is he ?
There ’s no buddha beyond the mind , so why envision one ?
You ca n’t know your real mind as long as you deceive yourself .
As long as you ’re enthralled by a lifeless form , you ’re not free .
If you do n’t believe me , deceiving yourself wo n’t help .
It ’s not the buddha ’s fault .
People , though , are deluded .
They ’re unaware that their own mind is the buddha .
Otherwise they would n’t look for a buddha outside the mind ” ( trans .
Red Pine , The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma , p. 11 ) .
Bodhidharma ’s words are very profound .
A sincere beginner upon reading these words would set out on a quest to experience this Mind of which Bodhidharma speaks .
He would want to put an end to his delusions , not wasting a second by getting caught up in practices such as invoking the name of a Sutra , making offerings , keeping precepts , etc .
As Bodhidharma points out it is more important to find our true nature .
Many modern Zennists , however , are uncomfortable with learning the truth about Zen Buddhism , that it is directed to a cognition of pure Mind ; it is simply not taught in Western Zen traditions .
Nevertheless , it is historically accurate to point out to these Zennists that many followers of the Zen school in China during the Sung denied Zen was a meditation school .
Zen , they said is synonymous with Buddha Mind , not sitting in meditation .
This also might explain why there is a voluminous amount of Zen literature directed towards the explication of Mind and very little in the way of how to sit and what we do when we sit .
For Westerners it is much easier to just sit because introspection is so very difficult .
Besides this , they prefer sitting since it is easy to measure their progress in Zen by how much sitting they ’ve done .
This can even leave the practitioner with the belief that going beyond words simply means do n’t have anything to do with words .
Just sit or be aware of what you are doing every moment .
Rome is known as one of the most beautiful cities in the world , with unforgettable architecture and an atmosphere that ca n’t be found anywhere else .
Lately , though , it ’s become a real dump .
German artist Ha Schult constructed a temporary hotel in the city to highlight the sad state of Europe ’s beaches .
The hotel , part of Corona ’s Save the Beach campaign , is constructed of garbage collected from the shoreline .
The five - room hotel contains roughly 12 tons of garbage , including fishing nets , plastic bags , skateboards , clothing , old tires , and even a mannequin ’s leg .
The guest rooms are very simple and basic , with leaking roofs and torn sheets acting as curtains , but they do boast real furniture .
The toilets are eco-friendly chemical commodes , and forget about washing off the day ’s grime in this hotel : there are no showers .
The project is meant to show that , unless we make some major changes to the way we treat the world ’s beaches , we will one day be surrounded by garbage wherever we go .
In the words of Schult , “ we create rubbish and we become rubbish .
We must change the world before the world changes us . ”
One of the first guests in the unusual hotel was supermodel - turned - environmental activist Helena Christensen .
She is probably more used to spending her nights in luxurious surroundings , but decided to spend the night in the garbage hotel to raise awareness of the sad state of European beaches .
She reportedly had a pleasant night conversing with the other guests … despite being surrounded by refuse .
The Corona Save the Beach hotel was displayed in Rome until June 7 , and is expected to be recreated in various other cities throughout the summer .
The campaign promises to clean up at least one European beach per year , with the winning beaches being chosen by internet votes .
The space shuttle Atlantis lands with drag chute deployed at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Fla. on May 26 , 2010 to complete its final planned mission , the STS - 132 trip to the International Space Station .
Thisstory was updated at 1:04 p.m. ET .
NASA 'sspace shuttle fleet will continue flying through at least early next year dueto delays with the agency 's final two missions .
Spaceshuttle program managers officially decided Thursday to delay the launch ofNASA 's next space shuttle mission to Nov. 1 and push back the last scheduledflight to late February 2011 .
Themove was not unexpected ?
the space agency said in late June it was hoping to postpone the finalshuttle flightsbecause of cargo delivery and schedule conflicts .
Both missions are bound forthe International Space Station .
Thenew plan delays the launch of Discovery ?
NASA 's oldest space shuttle ?
from anearlier Sept. 16 target to Nov. 1 .
Discovery 'sSTS - 133 mission is the orbiter 's last scheduled flight and will deliver ashuttle cargo pod refitted to serve as a permanent storage closet for the spacestation .
The shuttle will also deliver Robonaut 2 , a prototype robot designedto assist astronauts working in space .
Delayspreparing Discovery 's cargo for launch forced mission managers to push thelaunch date back .
That shift forced another delay with NASA 's final space shuttlemissionon the schedule ?
the launch of Endeavour to deliver a $ 1.5 billionastrophysics experiment to the space station .
Endeavouris NASA 's youngest space shuttle and was slated to launch its experimentpayload , called the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer , no earlier than Nov. 27 .
Butbecause Discovery 's flight is delayed , so too is Endeavour 's STS - 134 mission .
Thenext available launch date for Endeavour is Feb. 26 , 2011 , NASA officials saidin a statement .
Launchslips for NASA 's last space shuttle missions were anticipated by more than justmission managers .
InFebruary , President Barack Obama included $ 600 million for NASA 's space shuttleprogram as part of the agency 's fiscal year 2011 budget proposal .
The funds wereset aside in case NASA needed to delay its final shuttle flights beyond theirplanned September 2010 retirement date .
Areport issued in March by NASA 's Office of the Inspector General also predictedthat the space agency would have to fly some if its finalshuttle missions in 2011 .
NASAtypically spends about $ 200 million a month to keep its space shuttle fleetflying , though agency officials have said they have enough funding in place tosupport operations through February 2011 .
NASAis still waiting to hear from the White House if the space shuttle Atlantis ?
the current middle child of the U.S. orbiter fleet ?
will get a chance fly onemore mission .
Atlantisflew its 32nd and final scheduled mission in May to deliver a new Russian roomto the International Space Station .
NASA is hoping to get a chance to launchthe shuttle one more time in June 2011 to deliver cargo and supplies to theorbiting lab .
[ Photos : Last Launchof Shuttle Atlantis ]
Butto give Atlantis one extra shuttle flight , NASA needs approvalfrom the White House , which it does not yet have , by August to begin planning the mission .
NASAis retiring its space shuttle fleet after 30 years of service to make way forfuture programs aimed at sending astronauts to visit an asteroid by 2025 , thentarget missions to Mars .
Theplan is part of President Obama 's new space exploration proposal , whichalso includes the cancellation of NASA 's Constellation program developing newrockets and spaceships slated to send astronauts back to the moon .
Oncethe space shuttles retire for good , NASA will rely on Russia 's Soyuz spacecraftto ferry astronauts to and from the space station until American commercialspaceships become available .
Click to viewWhile many hurdles are keeping us stuck here on Earth , our solar system 's deadly radiation is chief among them .
But scientists now think that a thumb - sized magnet could produce a force field big enough to shield an entire spaceship .
Advertisement
The big fiery ball we call our Sun is constantly shooting high - energy particles out into the solar system , a solar wind that yields radiation some 1000 times more powerful than that of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima .
The Earth 's magnetosphere , produced by our planet 's molten iron core , deflects the solar wind from our rock and protects our bodies from that radiation .
Scientists once thought a prohibitively huge magnet would be necessary to produce a similar , spaceship - sized shield , but a British lab has found that a small magnet is sufficient to create a magnetic field powerful enough to deflect a significant amount of the charged particles .
The phenomenon occurs because of a unique reaction between the solar wind and the magnet :
Because the solar wind is a plasma made up of charged particles , it too carries a magnetic field .
When the solar wind 's field meets the rocks ' mini-magnetosphere , the two fields clash , exerting a force on each other .
Something has to give .
Because the solar wind 's field is created by free - moving particles , it is the one that yields , altering its orientation to minimise conflict with the mini-magnetosphere 's field .
Some parts of the solar wind shift more easily than others .
The positively charged protons have nearly 2000 times the mass of the negatively charged electrons , so the latter are much more easily deflected .
The electrons stay at the surface of the magnetic bubble , while the positive charges penetrate further in .
This separation of positive and negative charges generates intense electric fields up to a million times stronger than the magnetic fields that created them .
Subsequent solar wind particles hit these electric fields and are strongly deflected .
The result is a shielding effect far more powerful than the magnetic field alone might be expected to provide .
Advertisement
Skeptics worry that the higher - energy particles found in space would blast through such a shield , but the Rutherford Appleton Lab , which made the discovery , is already in confidential talks with NASA to determine the implications of their find .
For more force field fodder , check out the full article at New Scientist .
[ New Scientist ]
He also said that signing up to a Google account did n’t mean that a user had to switch over to Google ’s web - based email service , Gmail .
“ You can create a Google account with any email address through many different Google products , just like you can create a Twitter or Facebook account with any email address , ” he wrote .
* Blockbuster gets more time from creditors
* Reverse stock split failed to win approval
* Will begin delisting from NYSE
* Analyst expects under $ 100 million in EBITDA this year ( Recasts , adds byline and analyst comments )
By Alex Dobuzinskis
LOS ANGELES , July 1 ( Reuters ) - Blockbuster Inc BBI.N stayed a step ahead of bankruptcy after winning a crucial one - month reprieve on debt payments , but was forced to begin the process of delisting from the New York stock exchange .
The once - dominant video rental chain -- which has bled market share to more nimble rivals Netflix Inc NFLX.O and Coinstar Inc's CSTR .O Redbox -- failed to make debt payments due July 1 .
But Blockbuster said it had struck a forbearance agreement with creditors holding about 70 percent of its 11.75 percent senior secured notes due 2014 .
Those creditors -- which hold debt amounting collectively to about $ 440 million -- agreed to hold off from exercising " remedies " until Aug. 13 on the missed payments .
But some analysts doubted the extension would matter in the long run .
The company is saddled with about $ 920 million in total debt and it has struggled to cover interest payments .
" Six weeks is not a long time in a tough economy , where nobody has much credit , " said Michael Pachter , analyst with Wedbush Securities .
" There 's nothing on the horizon that makes it look like Blockbuster is going to be more profitable . "
Based on first - quarter results , Blockbuster is on - pace for less than $ 100 million this year in earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization , Pachter said .
Also on Thursday , Blockbuster said its board has agreed to indefinitely extend CEO Jim Keyes ' contract , which had been due to expire this week .
" The agreement provides us with additional time and flexibility as we continue to take steps to implement a more appropriate capital structure , " Keyes said in a statement .
" While we are making progress in our recapitalization efforts and are in the process of negotiating term sheets with these parties , these are complex multi-party negotiations and take time . "
The Wall Street Journal reported last week the company was discussing a cash injection with potential partners in a deal likely to involve some bondholders converting to equity investors .
Regardless , Blockbuster 's Class A and Class B shares would be delisted for hovering below $ 1 over 30 trading days .
On Thursday , the company said its pending delisting from the NYSE resulted from shareholders failing to pass a proposed reverse stock split to keep its price at acceptable levels .
Blockbuster said last week that preliminary results from a shareholder vote showed it won approval for a reverse stock split .
But in a regulatory filing late on Wednesday , the company disclosed a final count showed it failed to reach the required threshold .
Its proposal was approved by shareholders holding just 43.4 percent of outstanding stock -- short of the needed majority .
The NYSE first warned Blockbuster in November 2009 that it risked getting bumped because of its low share price .
How long before the Republicans apologize to AT&T ; for the FCC promoting net neutrality which will help consumers ?
There ’s a great comment inside the link about the idea of politicians wearing “ sponsorship patches ” to highlight who gave them money .
Would n’t that be interesting to see ?
The “ sponsorship patch ” should be larger or smaller depending on the size of the contributions from particular interest groups .
Senate Republicans are attempting to promote a bill that is completely dishonest in its name .
The “ Freedom for Consumer Choice Act ( FCC Act ) ” has nothing to do with protecting consumers .
It ’s all about protecting AT&T ; and other corporate powerhouses from competition .
What ’s with the GOP and their love affair with screwing consumers ?
By doing so they are killing real competition which used to be a cornerstone of the US economy .
Just sayin ’ from TechDirt .
What with the anti-incumbent mood abroad in the country these days , with both Democrats and Republicans on the receiving end , expectations were high that the left wing of the Democratic Party , and its allies in the labor movement would be able to take out objectionable moderates such as Blanche Lincoln in Arkansas and Jane Harman in California .
Why should n’t the Democrats ’ left be able to do what the Republican right did in Kentucky , for example , when they put Rand Paul across , in defiance of the GOP establishment ?
Well , there ’s a very simple reason .
There are twice as many conservatives as liberals in the country , and that ’s been the case for a very long time , as shown in a 2009 report by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press .
Moreover , about two - thirds of Republicans identify themselves as conservatives , while more Democrats call themselves moderates than liberals .
Thus , it was not at all surprising that Senator Blanche Lincoln , a centrist from the relatively conservative state of Arkansas , could withstand the attacks of outside liberal groups and the national labor movement , even though she was unpopular enough to have been forced into a runoff with Lt. Governor Bill Halter .
In the end she was able , with help from Bill Clinton and Barack Obama , to mobilize her base , including African Americans .
Rep . Jane Harman ’s very substantial victory over Marcy Winograd is a bit more surprising , if only because her Southern California district has got to be more liberal than Arkansas ( very few places outside the South are n’t more liberal than Arkansas ) .
But when we note that Harman had previously defeated Winograd by a similar margin , we can conclude that support from national liberal groups created a buzz but did n’t change the outcome much , if at all .
The Democratic Party just is not a mirror image of the Republicans .
It ’s true that partisans have become steadily more polarized in the last generation : the Republican Party really is a conservative party today , in a way that it was n’t even in the days of Richard Nixon .
The Democrats are distinctly more liberal , but they are not a liberal party in the same sense as the GOP is conservative .
The current US House of Representatives illustrates the point .
There are enough centrist Democrats like Harman to make the difference between majority and minority for the Democrats .
All of these centrists , of course , are on the right wing of their party , but at the same time virtually all of them are measurably more liberal in their voting record than ANY Republican .
The House Republicans simply do not have a significant body of centrists , unlike the Democrats .
This puts the Democrats in a very strong position to attract the growing number of political independents , who also tend to identify themselves as moderates .
This is the task of Joe Sestak in Pennsylvania , after defeating Sen. Arlen Specter .
Sestak needs to get across to moderate voters just how ideologically extreme is his Republican opponent , Pat Toomey .
All this is very frustrating to those of us on the progressive side , because of course we think we think we know the best direction to take the country .
But we have n’t yet done the job that the conservatives have done , to convince well over a third of all voters .
We have , at best , a fifth .
We need to keep trying to convince more ; in the meantime , we should accept that we wo n’t be able to jerk the Democrats around as the Tea Partiers are doing to the Republicans .
John Peeler
Professor Emeritus of Political Science , Bucknell University
Oakland and BART police officers shot and killed a man Saturday morning near the Fruitvale BART Station when , authorities said , he charged the officers holding a knife in each hand after leading them on a chase for blocks .
Five officers opened fire on the man when he threatened an officer after police unsuccessfully tried to subdue him with a Taser stun gun , Oakland police Officer Jeff Thomason said .
" He had one knife in each hand and charged toward one of the officers , " Thomason said .
" That 's when the other officers opened fire . "
Three Oakland officers and two BART officers fired their weapons , police said .
The man , who has not been identified , was pronounced dead at the scene .
The Oakland officers have been placed on paid administrative leave , the department 's standard practice after an officer - involved shooting .
The BART officers were expected to be put on paid leave also , said BART spokesman Linton Johnson .
The incident began at about 8:15 a.m. when a 911 caller alerted Oakland police to a man with a knife in the 3200 block of East 12th Street , several blocks from the Fruitvale BART Station , police said .
While Oakland officers were en route , a dispatcher notified BART police because of the man 's proximity to the station , Thomason said .
BART officers were the first to find the man , who Thomason said appeared to be 30 to 40 years old .
When the BART officers approached , at least one witness said the man called out , " Shoot me , shoot me , shoot me , " Thomason said .
Then the man took off running , he said .
The man led police on a chase for blocks , including running north on 34th Avenue past St. Elizabeth High School , police said .
An Oakland officer fired his Taser at the man on 34th Avenue , but he kept running , Thomason said .
After the man doubled back on 33rd Avenue , Oakland police again unsuccessfully tried to subdue him with a stun gun , Thomason said .
That 's when the man charged an officer , whose colleagues opened fire , police said .
None of the officers was injured in the shooting , which occurred in the 1500 block of 33rd Avenue .
Investigators believe there is no connection to the highly publicized Jan. 1 , 2009 , shooting of unarmed train rider Oscar Grant by BART police Officer Johannes Mehserle at the Fruitvale BART Station .
Grant was killed as he lay facedown on the platform .
The shooting touched off widespread protests in Oakland , which resurfaced after a Los Angeles jury convicted Mehserle of involuntary manslaughter July 8 instead of a more serious murder charge .
Just one day before rookies are due to report for training camp , the Cleveland Browns secured their potential quarterback of the future .
Third - round pick Colt McCoy agreed to a four - year deal Thursday worth up to $ 5 million , according to a league source ; $ 1.07 million is guaranteed , a source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
The normal slot is approximately $ 3.275 million .
But McCoy got the " quarterback premium , " which shows the faith Cleveland has in McCoy as its long - term solution at quarterback .
McCoy signed the deal Friday , the team announced , and reported with the team 's other signed first - year
players .
The Browns ' veterans are not required to arrive
until next week .
Cleveland opens training camp July 31 .
The Browns also signed offensive lineman Shawn Lauvao , who was taken No. 92 overall .
McCoy , 23 , was a four - year starter at the University of Texas .
Last season he threw for 3,521 yards and 27 touchdowns and completed 70.6 percent of his passes .
McCoy is expected to begin training camp as the third quarterback behind Browns starter Jake Delhomme and veteran backup Seneca Wallace .
McCoy will move to Cleveland following his honeymoon in the Bahamas .
McCoy married Rachel Glandorf in Austin on Saturday in a ceremony attended by 550 guests , including many former Longhorns coaches and teammates , as well as former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach , the Austin American - Statesman reported Tuesday .
James Walker covers the AFC North for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Sorry , No , I ’m Not Going to Write a Piece Arguing That Dan Lyons Is a Jackass
So I get another call from my payola rep at Apple , and she ’s like , “ Hey , thanks so much for all the antenna - related links over the weekend .
I just wanted to let you know how much we appreciate it , John . ”
They punctuate a lot of their sentences with your first name .
Oldest trick in the book , but it works , even if you ’re aware of it .
Seriously .
Anyway , I ’m all like , “ No problem , it ’s my pleasure .
You just keep those checks coming . ”
Laughs all around .
But then she gets serious , and says Apple will make it worth my while if I ’d close out this antenna saga with a “ Jackass of the Week ” piece responding to Dan Lyons ’s Antennagate story .
So I say , “ Who ’d he write that for ?
I did n’t see anything on the Fake Steve blog about it . ”
She says , “ Newsweek , of course . ”
“ I thought they went out of business a few months ago . ”
“ No , they ’re still around .
I swear . ”
She sends me a link to Lyons ’s piece , “ Apple ’s Rotten Response ” , which starts like this :
I wonder if panic has started to set in at Apple yet .
If not , it should .
Because today ’s hastily called news conference — ostensibly to discuss problems with iPhone 4 and how Apple intends to fix them — only did further damage to Apple ’s reputation .
Which is a polite way to start , because , well , we all know just how panicked everyone at Apple is feeling these days about the company ’s prospects .
( You ’d be surprised at how many of the senior VPs at last week ’s event reeked of booze , and it was only 10 am .
Nerves are frayed . )
Lyons was kind to phrase it as a question .
So what should Apple be panicked about ?
Lyons ’s thesis is that Steve Jobs has lost touch with reality , and the world is waking up to this .
In this case , there ’s something terribly wrong with the iPhone 4 antenna and Steve Jobs wo n’t admit it :
Some expected Apple might announce a recall of the phone .
Others speculated it might announce some kind of software update that would improve reception problems .
Instead , Apple CEO Steve Jobs came up with a two - part solution .
Part 1 : There is no problem .
Part 2 : Even though there is no problem , we ’re going to give everyone a free case , which should insulate the antenna and prevent the interference that we just told you is n’t actually occurring .
I went back through my notes on the press conference , looking for the part where Jobs said there was no problem .
I think it was right around the 13:00 mark in the video stream , where Jobs said , “ And so the iPhone antenna went through all of this .
We tested it .
We knew that if you gripped it in a certain way , the bars are going to go down a little bit , just like every smartphone .
We did n’t think it ’d be a big problem , because every smartphone has this issue . ”
Or maybe it was a little later , toward the end , when Jobs said “ A lot of people have told us , the bumper solves the signal strength problem , ” where he claimed there was “ no problem ” .
So , Lyons concludes :
This is classic Apple behavior .
No matter what the whole world can see with its own eyes , just keep saying that it is n’t true , and maybe , eventually , everyone will believe you .
By refusing to acknowledge the problem , Jobs just reinforced the image of Apple as a company that is in deep denial and unable to admit a mistake — a company that has for so long been able to bend reality to suit its needs that it now has lost touch with reality itself .
I read that paragraph aloud to my payola rep , and told her that it was exactly why I ’d be reluctant to criticize Lyons ’s coverage .
Apple really should have acknowledged reality .
Sure , they ’re giving out free cases because — in Jobs ’s words —
“ A lot of people have told us , the bumper solves the signal strength problem ” .
Sure , Jobs said Apple “ knew that if you gripped it in a certain way , the bars are going to go down a little bit ” .
Sure , the overwhelming majority of iPhone 4 owners seems delighted with it .
But where ’s the acknowledgement that the iPhone 4 antenna is this year ’s Ishtar ?
Where ’s the product recall ?
Where ’s the “ KICK ME ” sign on Steve Jobs ’s black shirt ?
Why does Bob Mansfield still have a job ?
Jobs also said all other mobile phones suffer the same problems when you hold them in certain ways , and that “ it ’s a challenge to the entire industry . ”
That ’s ridiculous .
It ’s absurd .
But that ’s nothing new .
Apple has a history of making ridiculous claims and having them accepted by an adoring fan base and worshipful press .
That ’s the uncomfortable truth .
The last honest man is Dan Lyons .
Those videos from Apple showing other phones dropping bars ?
Fake .
The similar videos on YouTube from owners of competing phones ?
Fake .
Next thing Apple ’s going to tell us , the Droid X has a flaky display .
With the launch of iPhone 4 , for example , Apple pretended it had invented video chat — something that has been around elsewhere for years .
Lyons does n’t name all those phones on which people are video chatting every day , because he does n’t need to .
Just look around and see them for yourself .
The real issue here is how the product is perceived .
If you need to put a rubber case on a phone to make it work correctly , there must be something wrong with it , do n’t you think ?
Exactly .
I mean , if the truth were that , in practice , the iPhone 4 works just fine without a case for most people — that it gets faster downloads and uploads and voice call quality is improved over the 3GS — well , that ’d be a different story entirely .
Jobs clearly does n’t .
He seems scornful of customers who have complained .
It does n’t show up on the video , but there was spittle coming out of Jobs ’s mouth when he talked about the 0.55 percent of iPhone 4 owners who ’d called Apple to complain about its reception .
He seemed very upset about their gall .
Toward the end of the news conference , he blamed the media for blowing the problem out of proportion .
Apple ’s rivals will have a field day with this .
Yes , one week out , this is looking like very good news indeed for Apple ’s rivals .
Apple ’s goose is cooked and Lyons knows the score .
People are going to look back at this piece a year from now and say , “ By god , Dan Lyons saw it all along . ”
( Seriously : bookmark it . )
It ’s bad enough that I do n’t have the courage to call Apple out on this blatant chicanery ; the last thing I ’m going to do is put my name on the line and argue that he ’s a big dummy with a chip on his shoulder and that his work exemplifies the state Newsweek is in .
“ You ’re sure you wo n’t do it ?
We really think you could knock it out of the park , ” my payola rep pleads .
“ Sorry .
Wo n’t touch it . ”
IMPROVE YOUR VISIBILITY BY USING SEO SERVICES IN INDIA
With fierce competition out there , creating a brand image is important to succeed in the long run .
Digital marketing can promote your product or service while creating a lasting image of your brand among the masses .
A well - conceptualized digital marketing campaign can provide outstanding results with the help of the following elements :
Denver Family Lawyer
An Experienced Colorado Divorce Lawyer You Can Trust
An online divorce can turn a tranquil existence into a perfect storm of confusion and regret , sadness and fear .
This mix of volatile emotions can cloud a person 's judgment and result in imperfect decisions about the future .
The law office of Cyndi J. Pavletic in Denver can help .
You can benefit from our caring family law attorney 's 10 plus years of experience with legal resolutions for matters of the head and heart .
Her legal leadership is caring and contemplative when it needs to be , assertive and aggressive when situations warrant .
Her background as family violence prosecutor has shown her the advantages of family law from a variety of valuable perspectives .
Her wisdom and personal concern for her clients shine through in case after case .
Contact Cyndi J. Pavletic for a free consultation at this toll - free phone number : 888-552-8173 .
Among the many glowing reviews received by Cyndi J. Pavletic was a recent thank you note from a divorce client — a fellow attorney .
It contained the ultimate compliment : " ... the kind of person and lawyer who gives our profession a good name . "
A Safe Place During Trying Times : The Law Office of Cyndi J. Pavletic
Our Aurora attorney offers active advocacy and comforting support in family law practice areas , such as :
Divorce : uncontested family dissolutions , contested and high net worth ; custody , support and alimony issues ; the role of grandparents ' rights in custody situations ; paternity and parental rights as they pertain to child custody and child support ; property division and equitable distribution goals ; prenuptial and postnuptial agreements ; post - decree modifications ; parental relocations ; enforcements of settlement obligations
Dependency and neglect : operating in juvenile courts , working with parents to keep their families intact in the face of social services involvement
Collaborative services : establishing an atmosphere of cooperation and trust that can set a harmonious tone , post - divorce
Cyndi J. Pavletic is one of you .
As mother and business owner , she understands what you are going through .
You can learn and prosper from her legal knowledge and personal strength .
The law office of Cyndi J. Pavletic serves clients in Colorado cities such as Denver , Greenwood Village , Aurora , Centennial , Cherry Hills Village , Lone Tree , Parker , Highlands Ranch , Englewood , Littleton , Castle Rock Lakewood , Arvada and others throughout Denver County , Arapahoe County , Douglas County , Jefferson County and Adams County .
Contact Our Denver Family Law Attorney
888-552-8173 is the toll - free phone number to call .
An evening or weekend appointment is available on request .
December 2019 – Howard Mishkind ( 15 years ) and David Kulwicki have been recognized as Ohio Super Lawyers in the areas of Plaintiff Medical Malpractice and Personal Injury for 2020 !
September 2019 – Mishkind Kulwicki Law has been Nominated and Accepted as a 2019 AIOPIA ’s 10 Best Law Firm in Ohio for Client Satisfaction !
August 2019 – Howard Mishkind and David Kulwicki have been recognized by Best Lawyers in America in the areas of Plaintiffs Medical Malpractice Law , as well as Plaintiffs Personal Injury Litigation for 2020 !
January 2018 – Check out our 5 - star reviews on Facebook and on our testimonial page .
August 2018 – Howard Mishkind and David Kulwicki have been recognized by Best Lawyers in America in the areas of Plaintiffs Medical Malpractice Law , as well as Plaintiffs Personal Injury Litigation for 2019 !
December 2017 – Howard Mishkind and David Kulwicki have been recognized by Best Lawyers in America in the areas of Plaintiffs Medical Malpractice Law , as well as Plaintiffs Personal Injury Litigation .
December 2017 – Mishkind Kulwicki Law has been recognized in Best Law Firms in America , 2018 Edition in the area of Plaintiffs Medical Malpractice Law .
December 2017 – Mishkind Kulwicki Law Co. , L.P.A. is proud to announce that Howard Mishkind has been named to the Ohio Top 100 Super Lawyers® list .
David Kulwicki was also selected to the Super Lawyers® List of 2018 .
May 2017 – David A. Kulwicki has been selected into the National Trial Lawyers : Brain Injury Trial Lawyers Association Top 25 in the State of Ohio .
March 2017 – Announcing the Lifetime Achievement selection of Howard D. Mishkind and David A. Kulwicki among America ’s Top 100 Attorneys® .
January 2017 – Howard Mishkind was selected for the 12th year in a row as an Ohio Super Lawyer for 2017 ; and , also , a Top 50 Lawyer in Cleveland and a Top 100 Lawyer in Ohio in the area of medical malpractice and personal injury .
January 2017 – David Kulwicki was selected for the 6th year in a row as an Ohio Super Lawyer for 2017 in the area of medical malpractice .
August 2016 – Howard Mishkind has been recognized in The Best Lawyers in America 2017 in the fields of Medical Malpractice Law - Plaintiff , Personal Injury Litigation - Plaintiff and Professional Malpractice Law - Plaintiff .
August 2016 – David Kulwicki has been recognized in The Best Lawyers in America 2017 in the field of Medical Malpractice Law - Plaintiff .
May 2016 – David Kulwicki presented at the annual Ohio Association for Justice convention on Devastating Depositions in Medical Negligence Cases .
December 2015 – Howard Mishkind and David Kulwicki were both selected as Ohio Super Lawyers for 2016 in the area of Plaintiff personal injury ‐medical malpractice .
October 19 , 2015 – Mishkind Kulwicki Law Co. , L.P.A. Receives Best Law Firm 2015 U.S. News and World Report
ARGENTINA
Temporary closing of Viedma Airport
ARGENTINA
Temporary closing of Viedma Airport
Until 14th of April the Gobernador Castello Viedna Airport will remain closed for all kind of operation because of maintenance works in the maneuvers area .
Its operations will be transferred to the Bahía Blanca Airport .
LAN with self check - in service in Jorge Newbery Airpark of Buenos Aires
Using a new service of kiosks supplied by AA2000 located in Sector A , LAN set the self check - in service up in Airpark .
LAN not only has a Web check - in service in Lan.com , but also the Kiosk allows the passengers to choose their seat , to print a boarding card and to save time by dispatching the luggage in an agile way .
TAP with new flights to Buenos Aires via TAM
The flights to Brasilia will also have connection to Buenos Aires in code shared with TAM , to offer three points of connection between Brazil and The Argentina´s capital .
FSA will construct four hotels
First South American
Investment announced that four new hotels will be constructed in Argentina : in Buenos Aires , Mendoza and in the southern and northern locations of the country .
Also , it added a project of the first class offices where US$ 15 million will be invested in a corporative hotel destined to cover the need of accommodation for the local companies ’ employees .
Esplendor Savoy Rosario opened its door
The Fen Hotels chain invested US $ 4 millions in the redesign of the old Savoy Rosario hotel .
The new establishment was reopened with the name of Esplendor Savoy Rosario and added to two last Fen Hotels inaugurations in Buenos Aires and the first hotel that was opened in Asunción , Paraguay .
Amerian opens new hotel
With a US $ 15 millions investment , Amerian chain opened a new hotel in San Luis ’ suburbs .
The establishment , higher than four stars , has 50 rooms .
For 2010 American has other two openings programmed in Neuquén and Rio Hondo ( Santiago de Estero ) .
BOA carried out its first commercial flight
Yesterday , after having accomplished its permission to do commercial operations , Boliviana de Aviaciones carried out the first flight .
The inaugural flight between La Paz , Cochabamba and Santa Cruz was done on Sunday and yesterday the commercial operations began with a fee lower in 10 percent than that determined as reference .
In the next days the frequency will increase to three daily flights .
PERU
Peru will be promoted through Facebook , Youtube , Flickr and Twitter
Peru undertakes a new promotional strategy where its tourist attractions have presence on the main virtual social networks like Facebook , Youtube , Flickr and Twitter filling the vast information in the official site of tourist promotion for the exterior of PromPeru .
TACA began direct flights to Havana
TACA began its flights to Havana , Cuba , with three weekly flights .
The passengers of Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Brazil , Uruguay and Paraguay , alongside Peruvians will be benefited by this flight that is projected as one of the favorites in order to access to this tourist destination by excellence .
Andean Explorer and Hiram Bingham among 25 best trips in the world by train .
The International Railway Travelers society published a list considering the 25 best trips in the world by train .
Peru is presented by the Andean Explorer and Hiram Bingham , the first one travels the route between Cusco and Puno and the second one travels the route between Cusco and Aguas Calientes ( Machupicchu ) .
In order to create this list , the organization was based on the experiences of writers , publishers , members and staff of the IRT .
Sonesta five stars hotel will be inaugurated
In July , the Colombian GHL chain will inaugurate the Sonesta Savoy five stars hotel located in La avenida el Sol , in Cusco .
Last year the chain bought the Savoy Hotel through Joint Venture with the intention to convert it into a Sonesta category hotel and operate it .
The chain invests more than US$ 4 million in the redesign of the hotel .
Although the exterior of the building is maintained , inside everything is being modified .
ECUADOR
Ecuador is among the eight best educational destinations
Ecuador was chosen among the eight best educational destinations to be visited in the world .
One of the characteristic that was considered in the evaluation was the fact that the country has four worlds ( regions ) : Coast , Andes , Amazon and Galapagos , which allow an exotic exploration in a short time .
The selection is made by Discovery Student Adventures within its new world program of educative trips .
I ́caro will fly from Manta to Galapagos
I ́caro will cover The Manta - Galapagos route and vice versa during Easter .
At this moment in time , the day and the time of the charter flight are coordinated .
Tame will increase frequencies
Tame is analyzing to add a new frequency ( at noon ) to Guayaquil and a flight to Macas in the mid afternoon .
In addition , it plans international flights on the Cuenca - Piura route that is a pending project since a time ago .
The three frequencies will be accomplished by the incorporation to the fleet of the three new Turbo Propeller airplanes .
The first will arrive to Cuenca in June .
LAN negotiates code shared with Tame to fly to Galapagos
6th of April , LAN Ecuador will begin its domestic flights in the country , beginning the same ones in the route that joins Quito to Guayaquil .
Being authorized to enter Galapagos with a daily flight , it also negotiates with Tame to establish agreement of code shared in that destination .
Due to this , the airline could commercialize the route , but the flights would be carried out in a Tame´s airplane .
CENTRAL AMERICA
Travelers with USA visa and Europeans of the Schengen space will be able to travel freely
El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua will allow the free transit of travelers who have USA , Canada visa or European countries that integrate the Schengen space .
This measure will be applied to the four members of CA - 4 group and will benefit travelers from about 70 countries .
MEXICO
Carnival anticipates decrease in Mexican destinations
Carnival Corp. waits for a slight decrease of its business in destinations to Mexico during 2009 , due to the global economic recession .
The company had a loss of 15 % in its Caribbean routes in the two first months of the year , meanwhile in the Pacific the same levels of 2008 are kept .
Air Comet will begin operations in Benito Juarez Airport
The next months , Air Comet will arrive to the facilities of Benito Juarez International Airport of the Mexico City .
The arrival of the airline is due to bilateral agreements that exist between Mexico and Spain and as well as to the capacity that the airport has mainly in Terminal 2 .
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
CAP Cana announces the construction of two hotels
Cap Cana announced the construction of two new hotels of luxury next to the AmResorts International company in its facilities in the east of the Dominical Republic , for that purpose , an investment of more than € 147 millions will be destined .
The Zoetry Wellness & Spa Resorts and Pure Secrets Resorts & Spa Hotels will be finished at the end of 2010 and they will be located in two privileged places .
June 8 , 2011 :
May 27 , 2011 :
March 24 , 2011 :
5 things I really like about Pokemon B / W
FEATURED ARTICLES
Looking ahead to the next 40 years , President Obama writes about our nature as Americans to dream big and solve problems
By Barack Obama
A Smithsonian / Pew poll finds optimism about science and social progress despite worries about the environment and population growth
By T. A. Frail
An entrepreneur hits the road with a new approach for an all - electric car that overcomes its biggest shortcoming
By Joshua Hammer
The co-chair of the world 's largest philanthropy talks about what can be done to improve global health and povertys
By Terence Monmaney
What events , ideas or developments have had the most significant impact in our lives since 1970 ?
By Terence Monmaney
Mac only :
There are a lot of ways to troubleshoot your Mac , but if your problem is so serious that you can't load the GUI ( or if you do n't have your installation disc ) , AppleJack can troubleshoot it right from the command line .
Advertisement
From the AppleJack main menu , you can repair disks , repair permissions , clean up cache files , validate preference files , and remove swap files .
Oftentimes , one or more of these operations can fix whatever problems you 're having , but if you can't get into Disk Utility to run them , AppleJack can do it for you outside of a standard OS X session .
You can even run them sequentially by putting AppleJack on autopilot , if you 're not sure which one will fix your particular problem .
AppleJack also comes with the option to install Memtest , from which you can test your memory if you suspect it 's causing a problem as well .
To run AppleJack , you just need to start up your computer in Single User Mode by holding down command and s at startup , then typing applejack .
Do not , whatever you do , run AppleJack in a standard Terminal window , as you may lose some of your data .
Once it finishes starting up , just type in applejack at the prompt and follow the menu to ( hopefully ) get your computer running healthy again .
Hit the link to install it now , in preparation for that fateful day when your GUI wo n't start .
Advertisement
AppleJack is a free download , Mac OS X only .
AppleJack [ via One Thing Well ]
Terence Kealey , vice - chancellor of Buckingham University since 2001 , may just be the most reactionary man in Britain .
The novelist Evelyn Waugh complained that the Conservative party had never put the clock back by a single second .
But Kealey does n't deal in seconds , or even years , but millennia .
Everything started to go wrong after the Stone Age , he says .
The advent of agricultural societies deprived most humans of liberty and turned them into slaves and serfs .
In the Stone Age , people lived as they now do in Balliol .
Then came the Bronze Age and command economies ( think of the pyramids ) , and it was downhill all the way .
Decline accelerated in the 16th century thanks to Francis Bacon , who is widely credited with inventing scientific method , and who argued that research was a precondition for progress and should be supported by kings and princes ( ie the state ) .
Bacon , Kealey says , was " a crook , a cheat and a fraudster " , and science is n't as he described it at all .
That was bad enough , but three centuries later came free , compulsory education .
This was quite unnecessary , in Kealey 's view , because the churches were already educating the majority of under - 11s , and Victorian England had near - universal literacy before the 1870 Education Act .
Fees were modest and waived for the poorest .
Free education was a state power grab , designed to undercut the voluntary schools , and it has been a disaster .
Kealey , who is 58 , calls himself a passionate libertarian and that 's what you 'd expect from Buckingham , which was founded in the 1970s as Britain 's only " independent " university .
Other universities are technically independent , but Buckingham alone refuses to accept money from Hefce ( Higher Education Funding Council for England ) .
Its home students pay annual fees of £ 8,640 ( for degree courses that take two years ) , though they are eligible for state loans and maintenance grants just as their lecturers are eligible for research council grants .
No minister can tell Buckingham what to teach or how to spend its money .
Kealey thinks all universities should be like this .
The prevailing winds are in his favour .
The idea of setting public bodies free from state control is increasingly popular with all political parties .
Kealey thinks it is time for more private universities , and is exploring the idea with philanthropists .
Meanwhile , established universities face severe funding cuts , restrictions on admissions and even closure .
" There 's a crisis , but it 's moral , not financial , " Kealey says .
" Vice - chancellors should n't be cutting staff .
They should be marching round parliament with placards demanding their economic freedom .
Because they take government money , they lose the right to set their own fees and admit as many students as they want .
Imagine Sainsbury 's if a ministry of food dictated its product lines , its prices and the number of customers it admitted .
I am shocked at the universities ' response . "
" Shocked " is Kealey 's favourite word , and the theatrical way he uses it reminds me of Captain Renault in Casablanca who was " shocked , shocked ! " to find gambling in Rick 's Bar .
This impression is reinforced when I learn that he is half French on his mother 's side .
Indeed , he attributes his " love of freedom " partly to a reaction against his French upbringing ( he never knew his English father ) .
" My mother had a very authoritarian way of looking at the world .
Her father was a colonial civil servant in Lebanon and his job was to shut any Lebanese company that threatened jobs in France – he single - handedly closed the Lebanese silk industry – but she could n't see anything wrong with that . "
As a child , Kealey lived in " a bubble of Frenchness " in Kensington , west London , and did n't speak English until he started school .
He was put down for Colet Court , the prep school for St Paul's , but " I thought it was a horrible ugly place , so I failed the entrance exam deliberately " .
He eventually went to Charterhouse , where he soon discovered he was a libertarian .
" In my first year , I turned a corner and there were some 600 boys in uniform all lined up and being inspected by some general .
It was the cadet force , and I thought : I just do n't want to be another uniformed soldier in a mass of hundreds .
So I joined the Boy Scouts , which was the alternative .
I really am an individualist , you see . "
He understood this with still greater force while studying at St Bartholomew 's medical school in London .
" I had a socialist phase , which lasted about six weeks .
I told a friend I thought we should all be equal and I might join the Labour party .
And he said if I did that I could n't send my children to private school .
I realised then that socialism was n't about liberty . "
He says he never intended to practise medicine and went to Bart 's – which , he was " shocked " to find , was intellectually inferior to Charterhouse – to please his mother .
He wanted to be either a historian or scientist , and eventually opted for biochemistry , doing postgraduate research at Oxford on skin glands and cystic fibrosis .
He adored Oxford , " a perfect community , dedicated to the search for truth , driven not by love of money but by love of ideas " .
But lab space was limited and he had to leave for Newcastle , which he seems to have regarded as an English equivalent of Siberia .
Nearly 30 years on , he still seems oddly upset about the whole thing and admits it formed his unforgiving views of scientists and scientific institutions .
" How was it that you could commit yourself to a career in science and forego most conventional perquisites of salary and status and yet be treated like that ? " he protests .
He returned to Oxford in 1986 as the university refused Margaret Thatcher an honorary degree , arguing that she had damaged higher education and particularly scientific research .
" At the time , I had two loves : Margaret Thatcher and Oxford , and they clashed .
Oxford said British science was in decline ; she said it was more generously funded than almost anywhere else .
I decided to find out who was right .
And I discovered British science had grown 70 % in a decade .
Mrs
Thatcher had cut state - funded science but the growth of privately funded science had more than compensated .
The scientists were guilty of a completely dishonest presentation . "
Captain Renault – sorry , Kealey – pauses for dramatic effect .
" I was shocked , shocked ! " he cries .
He now had a set of provocative , counter - intuitive , broadly rightwing opinions that earned him a place in the Telegraph - Times - Spectator stable of writers .
First , he decided , scientists are not dispassionate truthseekers , forming hypotheses and testing them against evidence , as the orthodox account has it .
On the contrary , he has written , they " are liars … They choose facts that suit their theories , they ignore inconvenient findings , then they try to bludgeon their colleagues into agreeing with them . "
Second , governments should n't fund research .
State - funded science , he argues , crowds out privately funded science and , because it does n't respond to market needs , contributes nothing to economic growth .
If anything , nations go into decline when the state takes over science .
" People believe science is a public good .
It 's not . "
Moreover , dependence on the state is bad for universities ; German academics , heavily state - funded , raised scarcely a peep against Hitler .
" Universities should be centres of critical scholarship , hassling governments . "
Unsurprisingly , these views made Kealey unpopular among his fellow academics .
" People would n't talk to me .
I was seen as a traitor .
One academic said to my face that academics were free to discuss anything except funding .
State dependence had corrupted Oxford .
It was very shocking to me . "
He moved to Cambridge in 1988 , which was no more enamoured of his views .
" But everybody knew me in Oxford and nobody did in Cambridge . "
Even at Cambridge , it became clear he would never get promotion , so when Buckingham offered the vice - chancellorship , he jumped at it .
Buckingham was then in the doldrums .
Before the mid-1990s , it attracted middle - class students who preferred something called a university to anything called a polytechnic .
But when polys were upgraded to universities , Buckingham 's numbers crashed and it more or less dropped out of public consciousness .
Kealey put it on the map , recruiting a gallery of academic mavericks and eccentrics .
They included Chris Woodhead , the head of Ofsted who earned the abiding hatred of teachers ; Bruce Charlton , a psychiatrist who said working - class students have significantly lower IQs than their middle - class peers and so you can't expect top universities to admit them ; and Anthony Glees , a security specialist , who proposes that universities ban faith societies and governments consider internment for Islamic extremists .
Most recruits have less dramatic views , but a remarkably high proportion get quoted and published in newspapers , and do n't mind upsetting conventional opinion .
Kealey has also diversified Buckingham from its core areas of business , law and accountancy into , for example , medicine and education .
" He 's an inspirational character , who has brought in lots of ideas , " says Alan Smithers , who moved from Liverpool to head Buckingham 's education and employment research .
" He 's not so good at implementing them , but he creates a very stimulating working environment . "
The only cloud is a bad report from the Quality Assurance Agency – which has the power to recommend Buckingham lose its royal charter – but Kealey says the agency never went into classrooms , and just looked at paperwork and committee minutes .
" It 's really a process assurance agency . "
He points out that Buckingham consistently tops student satisfaction surveys .
That is probably because its student - staff ratio is the best in the country and , since they 're paying full fees , students have to convince themselves the courses are worth it .
Kealey says there 's something in both explanations though he adds , sweetly , " the main thing is that our students just seem to be incredibly nice " .
It 's hard to tell how seriously Kealey takes himself .
He has an instinct for controversy , writing columns on , for example , why the " war on drugs " is bad , why patents should be abolished and ( my personal favourite ) how the hypocrisy , violence and torture of the Iraq war can be traced back to the American revolution .
He 's also good at the sex angle , with published articles about topless female statues in English churches , how sado - masochism evolved and , most notoriously , a piece in Times Higher Education ( which he said was satirical ) arguing that academics should enjoy a female student who " flashes her admiration " as " a perk " .
He has written a book called Why Chimps Have Large Testes and Other Bollocks , and his latest , elaborating his views on the state and scientific research , is called Sex , Science and Profits , though there is n't actually much sex in it .
He often contradicts himself – writing in one newspaper that " students are getting better grades because they are working harder " and , in another that " degree inflation has become a scandal " – and he seems as guilty as the scientists he criticises of selecting evidence to support whatever point he 's making .
For example , in a pamphlet on the 19th - century " nationalisation " of schools , he quotes figures to show that economic decline followed state takeover .
In his book , he uses different figures to " prove " Britain continued to prosper despite the Victorian state 's failure to fund science .
But that 's show business .
I suspect he 'll do almost anything for publicity , and he 's quite touchingly anxious about making a good impression on Guardian readers , asking whether or not he should wear a tie for the photograph .
He says he only believes in markets " up to a point " and he really cares about the poor ; it 's just that he thinks liberty can do more for them than the state .
He also says he has more in common with lefties like me than with Tories .
" They are instinctive defenders of an elite that is privileged by our society .
Whereas you , like me , are an instinctive analyst . "
On which flattering ( to both of us ) note , we go to a convivial lunch .
Perhaps this , as Rick said to Inspector Renault , could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
Plan prices : Plan prices may change .
Service Availability : Services not available to all areas or premises .
Installation : Standard installation includes self - installation of your modem , eligibility criteria applies .
Extra charges apply for non-standard installation of Telstra and nbn co equipment and for premises in new developments .
Speeds :
An nbn service can never go faster than the maximum line speed available at your premises , so for FTTN / B/C customers we will confirm your actual speeds after connection if your typical speed will be limited .
Find out more about speeds on the nbn network with Telstra at telstra.com / nbn-speeds .
For important information on speeds see nbn key facts sheet and Fixed Wireless key facts sheet .
Maximum Off Peak Speeds : Speeds will vary due to a number of factors including customer hardware , equipment and software , server limitations , the use of Wi-Fi or ethernet , type of content being accessed and the number users online ( including Telstra Air users ) .
nbn™ New Development Charge :
In areas serviced by nbn co , Telstra may be required to connect services onto the nbn network .
If you ’re in a new development and not already connected to the nbn network , nbn co may charge $ 300 to connect your premises to the nbn network .
If applicable , we will bill that charge to you .
Once you are connected to nbn fibre , you wo n’t be able to move to our copper network .
Extra charges may apply for non-standard or professional install of Telstra or nbn co equipment and for premises in new developments .
Netflix ISP Speed Index : The Netflix ISP Speed Index measures prime time Netflix performance of particular ISPs , not other services or overall network performance .
Telstra Smart Modem™ : Mobile backup is available to premises in 4G coverage areas .
Check coverage at telstra.com / coverage .
Your mobile backup connection is limited to speeds of up to 12 M bps for downloads and 1 M bps for uploads .
Actual speeds will vary due to local conditions and content accessed
Medical security alarms , lift phones and fire indicator panels :
If you have a medical alarm , lift phone or fire indicator panel , you need to register these services with nbn co by calling 1800 227 300 .
Medical alarms can also be registered online at nbn.com.au/medicalregister .
It ’s important to understand that registering these services wo n’t prevent them from being disconnected when moving to the nbn network .
As well as registering , you must also contact your medical alarm , lift phone or fire indicator panel provider to arrange the transfer of these services to the nbn network
nbn™ , nbn co and other nbn™ logos and brands are trademarks of nbn co limited and used under licence .
The Toronto Police Service has announced that it has created a G20 investigative team to examine crimes committed during the summit .
In a news release issued today , Chief William Blair said , " There is a small group of criminals , whose only motivations are violence and destruction , who have appalled those who came to express their views in a peaceful manner .
We will investigate every crime committed at the Summit , and track down and charge all those responsible .
I would ask those who have information , images , or video to work with us to hold accountable those who have chosen violence . "
Police have urged anyone with information , images , or video to send them to the corporate communications section .
Meanwhile , citizen journalist Terry Burrows has posted an article , links , and pictures on GlobalResearch.ca that questions the official police version of events .
Burrows , who has previously written critically about the official version of 9/11 , claimed that the black bloc of protesters " have clearly been thoroughly infiltrated by undercover government agents " .
" In classic covert counterinsurgency strategy these agents manipulate the group to commit violent acts which play directly into hidden government controllers ' hands , " Burrows wrote .
To buttress his arguments , he pointed to the boots worn by some black - clad , masked anarchists and the boots worn by riot police .
See for yourself here , and draw your own conclusions .
Toronto Star columnist Antonia Zerbisias does n't count herself among the true believers .
" I need better evidence than that , " she wrote in a tweet to her followers .
Follow Charlie Smith on Twitter at twitter.com /csmithstraight .
Regardless of the business , you ’re in , it ’s rather significant to follow trends in all areas to keep up with innovations and thus attract customers and maintain good business continuity .
The website is the first place where potential customers will look for information about you , and that ’s why it needs to be modern , accessible , and easy to use .
All this is achieved by constantly introducing innovations and implementing the latest trends by your web developer .
A federal judge has ruled in favor of a public university that removed a Christian student from its graduate program in school counseling over her belief that homosexuality is morally wrong .
Monday 's ruling , according to Julea Ward 's attorneys , could result in Christian students across the country being expelled from public university for similar views .
“ It ’s a very dangerous precedent , ” Jeremy Tedesco , legal counsel for the conservative Alliance Defense Fund , told FOX News Radio .
“ The ruling does n’t say that explicitly , but that ’s what is going to happen . ”
U.S. District Judge George Caram Steeh dismissed Ward ’s lawsuit against Eastern Michigan University .
She was removed from the school ’s counseling program last year because she refused to counsel homosexual clients .
The university contended she violated school policy and the American Counseling Association code of ethics .
“ Christian students should n’t be expelled for holding to and abiding by their beliefs , ” said ADF senior counsel David French .
“ To reach its decision , the court had to do something that ’s never been done in federal court : uphold an extremely broad and vague university speech code . ”
Eastern Michigan University hailed the decision .
“ We are pleased that the court has upheld our position in this matter , ” EMU spokesman Walter Kraft said in a written statement .
“ Julea Ward was not discriminated against because of her religion .
To the contrary , Eastern Michigan is deeply committed to the education of our students and welcomes individuals from diverse backgrounds into our community . ”
In his 48 - page opinion , Judge Steeh said the university had a rational basis for adopting the ACA Code of Ethics .
“ Furthermore , the university had a rational basis for requiring students to counsel clients without imposing their personal values , ” he wrote in a portion of his ruling posted by The Detroit News .
“ In the case of Ms. Ward , the university determined that she would never change her behavior and would consistently refuse to counsel clients on matters with which she was personally opposed due to her religious beliefs – including homosexual relationships . ”
Ward ’s attorneys claim the university told her she would only be allowed to remain in the program if she went through a “ remediation ” program so that she could “ see the error of her ways ” and change her belief system about homosexuality .
The case is similar to a lawsuit the ADF filed against Augusta State University in Georgia .
Counseling student Jennifer Keeton was allegedly told to stop sharing her Christian beliefs in order to graduate .
Keeton 's lawsuit alleged that she was told to undergo a reeducation program and attend “ diversity sensitivity training . ”
University officials declined to comment on specifics of the lawsuit but released a statement to FOX News that said Augusta State does not discriminate on the basis of students ’ moral , religious , political or personal beliefs .
Tedesco said both cases should be a warning to Christians attending public colleges and universities .
“ Public universities are imposing the ideological stances of private groups on their students , ” he said .
“ If you do n’t comply , you will be kicked out .
It ’s scary stuff and it ’s not a difficult thing to see what ’s coming down the pike . ”
The Alliance Defense Fund told FOX News it will appeal the ruling .
Deep in the forest of Parikkala , in the easternmost part of Finland , lies one of the craziest tourist attractions on the face of the planet – the sculpture park of Veijo Rönkkönen .
Regarded by most as the most important ensemble of contemporary folk art in Finland , the sculpture park of Veijo Rönkkönen is a lot to take in , the first time you visit .
Finding yourself surrounded by hundreds of creepy statues , grinning at you with their real human teeth , is enough to spook you into turning back as soon as you set foot in the park .
Veijo Rönkkönen , a former paper mill worker , completed his first sculpture in 1961 , and now his yard , and the path leading to it , are filled with over 450 statues , 200 of which are self portraits of the artist in Yoga positions he has mastered so far .
The statues have loudspeakers hidden inside them , and the sound effects add to the eeriness of this place .
Although he has had the chance to exhibit and even sell his artworks , in auctions , Veijo Rönkkönen has never agreed to showcase his art .
Every time he was asked to showcase his work , the near - hermit always replied he needed to discuss it with the statues first .
Sadly , they never agreed to travel .
The sculpture park of Veijo Rönkkönen is free to visit , if you dare , but the artist insists every visitor sign his logbook , before they leave .
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Above photos via paltus -ji
“ We Must Keep the Labor Unions Clean ” : “ Friendly ” HUAC Witnesses Ronald Reagan and Walt Disney Blame Hollywood Labor Conflicts on Communist Infiltration
During the 1930s , the dominant labor union in Hollywood , the International Alliance of Theatrical and Stage Employees Union ( IATSE ) , was led by men with ties to organized crime .
Studio heads also supported union leaders financially in order to inhibit strikes and keep labor cost increases low .
After IATSE leaders were sentenced to prison terms for extortion , organizing drives by opposition labor groups began to surge .
The Conference of Studio Unions ( CSU ) , a craft union coalition headed by Herbert K. Sorrell , was founded in 1941 following a divisive , but successful strike against Walt Disney Productions by cartoonists aligned with Sorrell .
During an eight - month CSU - led industry - wide strike in 1945 , IATSE , aided by the Motion Picture Alliance for the Preservation of American Values ( MPA ) , a right - wing anticommunist industry group , launched a campaign to brand their rival as communistic .
A further strike marked by police violence occurred the following year , and in 1947 , with the cooperation of Screen Actors ’ Guild president Ronald Reagan , the studio heads , MPA , and IATSE emerged victorious in the jurisdictional battle .
In the following testimony before the House Committee on Un- American Activities ( HUAC ) — which the MPA had repeatedly urged to investigate subversives in the industry — Reagan and Disney portrayed the labor struggles solely in terms of a battle between forces for and against Communism .
TESTIMONY OF RONALD REAGAN . . .
Mr. STRIPLING :
As a member of the board of directors , as president of the Screen Actors Guild , and as an active member , have you at any time observed or noted within the organization a clique of either Communists or Fascists who were attempting to exert influence or pressure on the guild ?
Mr. REAGAN : Well , sir , my testimony must be very similar to that of Mr. ( George ) Murphy and Mr. ( Robert ) Montgomery .
There has been a small group within the Screen Actors Guild which has consistently opposed the policy of the guild board and officers of the guild , as evidenced by the vote on various issues .
That small clique referred to has been suspected of more or less following the tactics that we associate with the Communist Party .
Mr. STRIPLING : Would you refer to them as a disruptive influence within the guild ?
Mr. REAGAN : I would say that at times they have attempted to be a disruptive influence .
Mr. STRIPLING :
You have no knowledge yourself as to whether or not any of them are members of the Communist Party ?
Mr. REAGAN : No , sir ; I have no investigative force , or anything , and I do not know .
Mr. STRIPLING : Has it ever been reported to you that certain members of the guild were Communists ?
Mr. REAGAN : Yes , sir ; I have heard different discussions and some of them tagged as Communists .
. . .
Mr. STRIPLING : Would you say that this clique has attempted to dominate the guild ?
Mr. REAGAN : Well , sir , by attempting to put their own particular views on various issues , I guess in regard to that you would have to say that our side was attempting to dominate , too , because we were fighting just as hard to put over our views , in which we sincerely believed , and I think , we were proven correct by the figures —
Mr. Murphy gave the figures — and those figures were always approximately the same , an average of 90 percent or better of the Screen Actors Guild voted in favor of those matters now guild policy .
Mr. STRIPLING : Mr. Reagan , there has been testimony to the effect here that numerous Communist - front organizations have been set up in Hollywood .
Have you ever been solicited to join any of those organizations or any organization which you considered to be a Communist - front organization ?
Mr. REAGAN : Well , sir , I have received literature from an organization called the Committee for a Far - Eastern Democratic Policy .
I do n’t know whether it is Communist or not .
I only know that I did n’t like their views and as a result I did n’t want to have anything to do with them .
Mr. STRIPLING : Were you ever solicited to sponsor the Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee ?
Mr. REAGAN : No , sir ; I was never solicited to do that , but I found myself misled into being a sponsor on another occasion for a function that was held under the auspices of the Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee .
Mr. STRIPLING : Did you knowingly give your name as a sponsor ?
Mr. REAGAN : Not knowingly .
Could I explain what that occasion was ?
Mr. STRIPLING : Yes sir .
Mr. REAGAN : I was called several weeks ago .
There happened at the time in Hollywood to be a financial drive on to raise money to build a badly needed hospital in a certain section of town , called the All Nations Hospital .
I think the purpose of the building is so obvious by the title that it has the support of most of the people of Hollywood — or , of Los Angeles , I should say .
Certainly of most of the doctors , because it is very badly needed .
Some time ago I was called to the telephone .
A woman introduced herself by name .
Knowing that I did n’t know her I did n’t make any particular note of her name and I could n’t give it now .
She told me that there would be a recital held at which Paul Robeson would sing and she said that all the money for the tickets would go to the hospital and asked if she could use my name as one of the sponsors .
I hesitated for a moment because I do n’t think that Mr. Robeson ’s and my political views coincide at all and then I thought I was being a little stupid because , I thought , here is an occasion where Mr. Robeson is perhaps appearing as an artist and certainly the object , raising money , is above any political consideration , it is a hospital supported by everyone .
I have contributed money myself .
So I felt a little bit as if I had been stuffy for a minute and I said , certainly , you can use my name .
I left town for a couple of weeks and when I returned I was handed a newspaper story that said that this recital was held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles under the auspices of the Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee .
The principal speaker was Emil Lustig , Robert Burman took up a collection , and the remnants of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade were paraded to the platform .
I did not in the newspaper story see one word about the hospital .
I called the newspaper and said I am not accustomed to writing to editors , but would like to explain my position , and he laughed and said , “ You need n’t bother , you are about the fiftieth person that has called with the same idea , including most of the legitimate doctors who had also been listed as sponsors of that affair . ”
Mr. STRIPLING : Would you say from your observation that that is typical of the tactics or strategy of the Communists , to solicit and use the names of prominent people to either raise money or gain support ?
Mr. REAGAN : I think it is in keeping with their tactics ; yes , sir .
Mr. STRIPLING :
Do you think there is anything democratic about those tactics ?
Mr. REAGAN : I do not , sir .
Mr. STRIPLING :
As president of the Screen Actors Guild you are familiar with the jurisdictional strike which has been going on in Hollywood for some time ?
Mr. REAGAN : Yes , sir .
Mr. STRIPLING : Have you ever had any conferences with any of the labor officials regarding this strike ?
Mr. REAGAN : Yes , sir . . . .
Mr. STRIPLING : Do you know whether the Communists have participated in any way in this strike ?
Mr. REAGAN : Sir , the first time that this word “ Communist ” was ever injected into any of the meetings concerning the strike was at a meeting in Chicago with Mr. William Hutchinson , president of the carpenters union , who were on strike at the time .
He asked the Screen Actors Guild to submit terms to Mr. ( Richard ) Walsh , for Walsh to give in in the settling of this strike , and he told us to tell Mr. Walsh that if he would give in on these terms he in turn would break run this Sorrell and the other commies out — I am quoting him — and break it up .
I might add that Mr. Walsh and Mr. Sorrell were running the strike for Mr. Hutchinson in Hollywood .
Mr. STRIPLING : Mr. Reagan , what is your feeling about what steps should be taken to rid the motion - picture industry of any Communist influences , if they are there ?
Mr. REAGAN : Well , sir . . . 99 percent of us are pretty well aware of what is going on , and I think within the bounds of our democratic rights , and never once stepping over the rights given us by democracy , we have done a pretty good job in our business of keeping those people ’s activities curtailed .
After all , we must recognize them at present as a political party .
On that basis we have exposed their lies when we came across them , we have opposed their propaganda , and I can certainly testify that in the case of the Screen Actors Guild we have been eminently successful in preventing them from , with their usual tactics , trying to run a majority of an organization with a well organized minority .
So that fundamentally I would say in opposing those people that the best thing to do is to make democracy work .
In the Screen Actors Guild we make it work by insuring everyone a vote and by keeping everyone informed .
I believe that , as Thomas Jefferson put it , if all the American people know all of the facts they will never make a mistake .
Whether the party should be outlawed , I agree with the gentlemen that preceded me that that is a matter for the Government to decide .
As a citizen I would hesitate , or not like , to see any political party outlawed on the basis of its political ideology .
We have spent 170 years in this country on the basis that democracy is strong enough to stand up and fight against the inroads of any ideology .
However , if it is proven that an organization is an agent of a power , a foreign power , or in any way not a legitimate political party , and I think the Government is capable of proving that , if the proof is there , then that is another matter .
. . .
I happen to be very proud of the industry in which I work ; I happen to be very proud of the way in which we conducted the fight .
I do not believe the Communists have ever at any time been able to use the motion - picture screen as a sounding board for their philosophy or ideology .
. . .
The CHAIRMAN :
There is one thing that you said that interested me very much .
That was the quotation from Jefferson .
That is just why this committee was created by the House of Representatives , to acquaint the American people with the facts .
Once the American people are acquainted with the facts there is no question but what the American people will do a job , the kind of a job that they want done ; that is , to make America just as pure as we can possibly make it .
We want to thank you very much for coming here today .
Mr. REAGAN : Sir , if I might , in regard to that , say that what I was trying to express , and did n’t do very well , was also this other fear .
I detest , I abhor their philosophy , but I detest more than that their tactics , which are those of the fifth column , and are dishonest , but at the same time I never as a citizen want to see our country become urged , by either fear or resentment of this group , that we ever compromise with any of our democratic principles through that fear or resentment .
I still think that democracy can do it .
TESTIMONY OF WALTER E. DISNEY
Mr. SMITH : Have you ever made any pictures in your studio that contained propaganda and that were propaganda films ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , during the war we did .
We made quite a few — working with different Government agencies .
We did one for the Treasury on taxes and I did four anti-Hitler films .
And I did one on my own for Air Power .
Mr. SMITH : From those pictures that you made have you any opinion as to whether or not the films can be used effectively to disseminate propaganda ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes , I think they proved that .
Mr. SMITH : How do you arrive at that conclusion ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , on the one for the Treasury on taxes , it was to let the people know that taxes were important in the war effort .
As they explained to me , they had 13,000,000 new taxpayers , people who had never paid taxes , and they explained that it would be impossible to prosecute all those that were delinquent and they wanted to put this story before those people so they would get their taxes in early .
I made the film and after the film had its run the Gallup poll organization polled the public and the findings were that 29 percent of the people admitted that it had influenced them in getting their taxes in early and giving them a picture of what taxes will do .
Mr. SMITH : Aside from those pictures you made during the war , have you made any other pictures , or do you permit pictures to be made at your studio containing propaganda ?
Mr. DISNEY : No ; we never have .
During the war we thought it was a different thing .
It was the first time we ever allowed anything like that to go in the films .
We watch so that nothing gets into the films that would be harmful in any way to any group or any country .
We have large audiences of children and different groups , and we try to keep them as free from anything that would offend anybody as possible .
We work hard to see that nothing of that sort creeps in .
Mr. SMITH : Do you have any people in your studio at the present time that you believe are Communist or Fascist employed there ?
Mr. DISNEY : No ; at the present time I feel that everybody in my studio is 100 percent American .
Mr. SMITH : Have you had at any time , in your opinion , in the past , have you at any time in the past had any Communists employed at your studio ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes ; in the past I had some people that I definitely feel were Communists .
Mr. SMITH : As a matter of fact , Mr. Disney , you experienced a strike at your studio , did you not ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes .
Mr. SMITH : And is it your opinion that that strike was instituted by members of the Communist Party to serve their purposes ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , it proved itself so with time , and I definitely feel it was a Communist group trying to take over my artists and they did take them over .
The CHAIRMAN : Do you say they did take them over ?
Mr. DISNEY : They did take them over .
Mr. SMITH : Will you explain that to the committee , please ?
Mr. DISNEY : It came to my attention when a delegation of my boys , my artists , came to me and told me that Mr. Herbert Sorrell —
Mr. SMITH : Is that Herbert K. Sorrell ?
Mr. DISNEY : Herbert K. Sorrell , was trying to take them over .
I explained to them that it was none of my concern , that I had been cautioned to not even talk with any of my boys on labor .
They said it was not a matter of labor , it was just a matter of them not wanting to go with Sorrell , and they had heard that I was going to sign with Sorrell , and they said that they wanted an election to prove that Sorrell did n’t have the majority , and I said that I had a right to demand an election .
So when Sorrell came I demanded an election .
Sorrell wanted me to sign on a bunch of cards that he had there that he claimed were the majority , but the other side had claimed the same thing .
I told Mr. Sorrell that there is only one way for me to go and that was an election and that is what the law had set up , the National Labor Relations Board was for that purpose .
He laughed at me and he said that he would use the Labor Board as it suited his purposes and that he had been sucker enough to go for that Labor Board ballot and he had lost some election — I ca n’t remember the name of the place — by one vote .
He said it took him 2 years to get it back .
He said he would strike , that that was his weapon .
He said , “ I have all of the tools of the trade sharpened , ” that I could n’t stand the ridicule or the smear of a strike .
I told him that it was a matter of principle with me , that I could n’t go on working with my boys feeling that I had sold them down the river to him on his say - so , and he laughed at me and told me I was naive and foolish .
He said , you ca n’t stand this strike , I will smear you , and I will make a dust bowl out of your plant .
The CHAIRMAN : What was that ?
Mr. DISNEY : He said he would make a dust bowl out of my plant if he chose to .
I told him I would have to go that way , sorry , that he might be able to do all that , but I would have to stand on that .
The result was that he struck .
I believed at that time that Mr. Sorrell was a Communist because of all the things that I had heard and having seen his name appearing on a number of Commie front things .
When he pulled the strike the first people to smear me and put me on the unfair list were all of the Commie front organizations .
I ca n’t remember them all , they change so often , but one that is clear in my mind is the League of Women Shoppers , The People ’s World , The Daily Worker , and the PM magazine in New York .
They smeared me .
Nobody came near to find out what the true facts of the thing were .
And I even went through the same smear in South America , through some Commie periodicals in South America , and generally throughout the world all of the Commie groups began smear campaigns against me and my pictures .
Mr. MCDOWELL : In what fashion was that smear , Mr. Disney , what type of smear ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , they distorted everything , they lied ; there was no way you could ever counteract anything that they did ; they formed picket lines in front of the theaters , and , well , they called my plant a sweat - shop , and that is not true , and anybody in Hollywood would prove it otherwise .
They claimed things that were not true at all and there was no way you could fight it back .
It was not a labor problem at all because — I mean , I have never had labor trouble , and I think that would be backed up by anybody in Hollywood .
Mr. SMITH : As a matter of fact , you have how many unions operating in your plant ?
The CHAIRMAN : Excuse me just a minute .
I would like to ask a question .
Mr. SMITH : Pardon me .
The CHAIRMAN : In other words , Mr. Disney , Communists out there smeared you because you would n’t knuckle under ?
Mr. DISNEY : I would n’t go along with their way of operating .
I insisted on it going through the National Labor Relations Board .
And he told me outright that he used them as it suited his purposes .
The CHAIRMAN : Supposing you had given in to him , then what would have been the outcome ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I would never have given in to him , because it was a matter of principle with me , and I fight for principles .
My boys have been there , have grown up in the business with me , and I did n’t feel like I could sign them over to anybody .
They were vulnerable at that time .
They were not organized .
It is a new industry .
The CHAIRMAN : Go ahead , Mr. Smith .
Mr. SMITH : How many labor unions , approximately , do you have operating in your studios at the present time ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , we operate with around 35 — I think we have contacts with 30 .
Mr. SMITH : At the time of this strike you did n’t have any grievances or labor troubles whatsoever in your plant ?
Mr. DISNEY : No .
The only real grievance was between Sorrell and the boys within my plant , they demanding an election , and they never got it .
Mr. SMITH : Do you recall having had any conversations with Mr. Sorrell relative to communism ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes , I do .
Mr. SMITH : Will you relate that conversation ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I did n’t pull my punches on how I felt .
He evidently heard that I had called them all a bunch of Communists — and I believe they are .
At the meeting he leaned over and he said , “ You think I am a Communist , do n’t you , ” and I told him that all I knew was what I heard and what I had seen , and he laughed and said , “ Well , I used their money to finance my strike of 1937 , ” and he said that he had gotten the money through the personal check of some actor , but he did n’t name the actor .
I did n’t go into it any further .
I just listened .
Mr. SMITH : Can you name any other individuals that were active at the time of the strike that you believe in your opinion are Communists ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I feel that there is one artist in my plant , that came in there , he came in about 1938 , and he sort of stayed in the background , he was n’t too active , but he was the real brains of this , and I believe he is a Communist .
His name is David Hilberman .
Mr. SMITH : How is it spelled ?
Mr. DISNEY : H - i - l - b - e - r - m - a-n , I believe .
I looked into his record and I found that , No. 1 , that he had no religion and , No. 2 , that he had considerable time at the Moscow Art Theater studying art direction , or something .
Mr. SMITH : Any others , Mr. Disney ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I think Sorrell is sure tied up with them .
If he is n’t a Communist , he sure should be one .
Mr. SMITH : Do you remember the name of William Pomerance , did he have anything to do with it ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes , sir .
He came in later .
Sorrell put him in charge as business manager of cartoonists and later he went to the Screen Actors as their business agent and in turn he put in another man by the name of Maurice Howard , the present business agent .
And they are all tied up with the same outfit .
Mr. SMITH : What is your opinion of Mr. Pomerance and Mr. Howard as to whether or not they are or are not Communists ?
Mr. DISNEY : In my opinion they are Communists .
No one has any way of proving those things .
Mr. SMITH : Were you able to produce during the strike ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes , I did , because there was a very few , very small majority that was on the outside , and all the other unions ignored all the lines because of the set - up of the thing .
Mr. SMITH : What is your personal opinion of the Communist Party , Mr. Disney , as to whether or not it is a political party ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I do n’t believe it is a political party .
I believe it is an un-American thing .
The thing that I resent the most is that they are able to get into these unions , take them over , and represent to the world that a group of people that are in my plant , that I know are good , 100 percent Americans , are trapped by this group , and they are represented to the world as supporting all of those ideologies , and it is not so , and I feel that they really ought to be smoked out and shown up for what they are , so that all of the good , free causes in this country , all the liberalisms that really are American , can go out without the taint of Communism .
That is my sincere feeling on it .
Mr. SMITH : Do you feel that there is a threat of communism in the motion - picture industry ?
Mr. DISNEY : Yes , there is , and there are many reasons why they would like to take it over or get in and control it , or disrupt it , but I do n’t think they have gotten very far , and I think the industry is made up of good Americans , just like in my plant , good , solid Americans .
My boys have been fighting it longer than I have .
They are trying to get out from under it and they will in time if we can just show them up .
Mr. SMITH : There are presently pending before this committee two bills relative to outlawing the Communist Party .
What thoughts have you as to whether or not those bills should be passed ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I do n’t know as I qualify to speak on that .
I feel if the thing can be proven un -American that it ought to be outlawed .
I think in some way it should be done without interfering with the rights of the people .
I think that will be done .
I have that faith .
Without interfering , I mean , with the good , American rights that we all have now , and we want to preserve .
Mr. SMITH : Have you any suggestions to offer as to how the industry can be helped in fighting this menace ?
Mr. DISNEY : Well , I think there is a good start toward it .
I know that I have been handicapped out there in fighting it , because they have been hiding behind this labor set - up , they get themselves closely tied up in the labor thing , so that if you try to get rid of them they make a labor case out of it .
We must keep the American labor unions clean .
We have got to fight for them .
. . .
Source : Congress , House , Committee on Un- American Activities , Hearings Regarding the Communist Infiltration of the Motion Picture Industry , 80th Congress , 1st Session , October 23 – 24 , 1947 ( Washington : Government Printing Office , 1947 ) .
See Also : " You Are the Un - Americans , and You Ought to be Ashamed of Yourselves " : Paul Robeson Appears Before HUAC
" They Want to Muzzle Public Opinion " : John Howard Lawson 's Warning to the American Public
" The World Was at Stake " : Three " Friendly " HUAC Hollywood Witnesses Assess Pro-Soviet Wartime Films
" A Damaging Impression of Hollywood Has Spread " : Movie " Czar " Eric Johnston Testifies before HUAC
" Have You No Sense of Decency " : The Army - McCarthy Hearings
" Communists are second to none in our devotion to our people and to our country " : Prosecution and Defense Statements , 1949 Trial of American Communist Party Leaders
" Damage " : Collier 's Assesses the Army - McCarthy Hearings
" Not Only Ridiculous , but Dangerous " : Collier 's Objects to Joseph McCarthy 's Attacks on the Press
" I Cannot and Will Not Cut My Conscience to Fit This Year 's Fashions " : Lillian Hellman Refuses to Name Names
" Enemies from Within " : Senator Joseph R. McCarthy 's Accusations of Disloyalty
" I Have Sung in Hobo Jungles , and I Have Sung for the Rockefellers " : Pete Seeger Refuses to " Sing " for HUAC
" National Suicide " : Margaret Chase Smith and Six Republican Senators Speak Out Against Joseph McCarthy 's Attack on " Individual Freedom "
Gulf Coast residents outraged at BP , government response
By Andre Damon and C. W. Rogers in Louisiana
25 June 2010
Children play among beached oil in Gulf Shores , Alabama
Gulf Coast residents are seething in anger at BP and the federal government for their inability to contain the oil spill and deal with its consequences .
Residents are nearly unanimous in their dissatisfaction with BP ’s conduct of the cleanup , and many see the official response as incompetent and riddled with corruption .
There is widespread suspicion of a conspiracy between BP and the government to keep the public uninformed of the extent of the spill .
Workers in the petroleum Industry were among the most outspoken critics .
Deneen , an employee of EMI petroleum in Houston , said she thought BP , together with the government , was engaged in a coverup .
“ They knew immediately how much was coming out of that well .
Anybody can figure out how much fluid comes out of a flow line .
It ’s a basic calculation .
They were trying to fool people who were n’t in the oil and gas business , but they sure as hell could n’t fool anybody who works in it , ” she said .
Oil washed up on the beach in Gulf Shores , Alabama
BP and the Obama administration have been forced to steadily increase their estimate of the flow rate , from initially claiming there was no spill , to succeeding figures of 1,000 , 5,000 , 12,000 , 25,000 , and finally 30,000 - 60,000 barrels a day .
Deneen also said she thinks BP is deliberately choosing not to employ certain available measures to stop the leak because it wants to continue harvesting oil from the well .
“ If you ask me , BP could have capped the well by now , ” Deneen said .
“ But they do n’t want to .
As soon as you cap a well , you no longer own it .
Another company can take it over .
They ’re trying to control the well , and that ’s why it ’s taking so long .
When a well is sealed , it ’s inaccessible , ” she said .
Among residents , the White House ’s response , particularly Obama ’s press appearances and visits to the gulf , are viewed with disdain .
Chester , a transportation contractor who works around the oil industry , said he was not impressed with Obama ’s June 15 address from the Oval Office .
“ Obama ’s about as smooth as smooth could be .
But history has been made , and he ca n’t keep up with it , ” he said .
Deneen agreed .
“ Obama ’s not responding ; he ’s acting for the cameras .
The only reason he made those four trips [ to the Gulf ] was because of the criticism he was getting from the general public .
“ Obama has no power ; he works for the companies , ” she added .
“ It ’s all about money ; a ménage à trois between the government , the regulators and the companies . ”
Pamela Odom ( left ) and her cousin , Patricia Landry
“ I think that the government should have taken this in their hands a long time ago , ” said Pamela , of Boothville , Louisiana .
“ I think BP is just piddling around . ”
Much of the public anger arises in response to the autocratic nature of the cleanup .
“ People are angry about the fact that they have no control over the recovery , ” said Laura Leckelt , a nurse at West Jefferson Medical Center stationed at Grand Isle , Louisiana , one of the centers of the oil spill response .
“ BP is running the Gulf Coast like it ’s a prison and they ’re the wardens , ” said Nathalie Walker , attorney and co-director of the group Advocates for Environmental Human Rights .
“ They dictate the terms , ” she said .
“ There are plenty of regular folk who want to help , ” said Deneen .
“ But BP is controlling everything ; you have to go through them if you want to help , and they just turn you away .
“ I think the cleanup workers are as angry as anyone else .
But they ’re afraid of speaking out , because they signed away their rights to speak to the media when they joined .
If they talk , they ’ll get fired . ”
Ms. Leckelt said that the fishermen ’s wives have been particularly vocal about the conditions facing their husbands .
Many have spoken out at town hall meetings , including one in Grand Isle last week that addressed the health and environmental problems caused by the spill .
Boom stretched along the shore of Grand Isle , Louisiana
Over a hundred cases of health issues officially believed to be related to the spill have been reported , and thousands more are likely to follow .
The spill has already devastated the seafood industry in southern Louisiana .
Last week , Ameripure Oysters , a $ 20 - million seafood company based in Franklin , La , was shutting its doors , leaving hundreds of employees without work .
Dean Blanchard , owner of Dean Blanchard Seafood Inc. , said that he plans to close his operations in Southern Louisiana after his company suffered a $ 3 million loss this season from the spill .
“ We ’re on our second boat today , ” he said .
“ If things were back to normal we ’d be at about seventy - five . ”
Blanchard said he blamed every level of the government for failing to regulate BP .
“ The United States government is crooked .
They all took money from BP .
They let them do what they wanted ; nobody was regulating them .
“ BP was giving money to the MMS , giving money to Congress , senators , representatives — the president , the whole system is bought and paid for , ” he said .
He said that the government should have taken over the response from BP long ago .
With the present situation , “ Nobody ’s in charge , nobody ’s taking responsibility , nobody knows what ’s going on ; it ’s like a big money grab , ” he said .
Blanchard said he thinks that that BP ’s holdings should have been seized in response to the disaster .
“ If they were drug dealers , the government would have seized their assets .
I do n’t think the BP executives are any better than common drug dealers .
Drug dealers destroy lives , BP destroys lives .
What ’s the difference ? ”
For the second straight week , fewer people are playing games made by Zynga , the Facebook gamesmaker best known for Farmville .
The chart below , compiled by Lou Kerner of SecondShares.com , shows consecutive weeks of decline in the number of unique users on Zynga games over the prior 30 days .
Part of the reason for the decline is that Facebook has limited the number and type of " notifications " Zynga and other gamesmakers can send players .
These limits , and Facebook 's insistence that gamesmakers use its expensive payment system , have Zynga looking to host its games elsewhere .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Big
Ten football could be coming to the frozen tundra .
Lambeau Field is the latest venue to express interest in hosting a potential Big Ten football championship game .
Green Bay Packers president Mark Murphy told ESPN.com on Thursday that the team already has contacted the Big Ten office to express its interest .
The Big Ten title decided at a snowy Lambeau Field ?
It 's possible .
Green Bay Packers president Mark Murphy told ESPN.com
Thursday the team is interested in hosting the championship game .
Kirby Lee / Image of Sport / US Presswire
After adding Nebraska as its 12th team in June , the Big Ten is now eligible to hold a football championship game .
A decision on scheduling a title game could be finalized Aug. 2 - 3 when Big Ten officials and athletic directors meet in Chicago .
" We 'd be very interested , " Murphy said .
" The Big Ten has got such history and tradition , and to have a championship in Lambeau Field would be tremendous .
It 'd be good for our community and good for college football to have it in such a historic venue . "
Several other Midwest facilities have expressed interest in hosting a potential Big Ten championship , including Detroit 's Ford Field , Chicago 's Soldier Field and Cleveland Browns Stadium .
Indianapolis ' Lucas Oil Stadium is also considered a strong candidate .
Murphy , who served as athletic director at Northwestern before joining the Packers , anticipates a formal bidding process to begin if the league decides it will have a championship game beginning in 2011 .
Weather could factor into the Big Ten 's decision for a championship game site , as leagues like the SEC and Big 12 usually hold their football championship games at indoor facilities .
" Early December , that 's balmy in Green Bay , " Murphy joked .
" To me , that 's part of the attraction of college football , to play in the elements .
We 're going to have a Super Bowl in New York in February , so it 's not that much different . "
Lambeau Field last hosted college football in 1982 - 83 , when St. Norbert College hosted Fordham , the alma mater of legendary Packers coach Vince Lombardi .
Adam Rittenberg covers Big Ten football for ESPN.com .
He can be reached at espnritt@gmail.com .
… as narrated by Brad Wardell .
We ’re pretty excited about Stardock ’s forthcoming role - play strategy , not least after this interview , and this video gives you a bit more of a taste of what to expect .
It ’s going to be a great big feast of a game , albeit for a slow - eater .
This is not going to be a game for impatient folk , but it ’s almost certainly going to be for Kieron .
The big nerd .
The game is having a beta of sorts over the summer , and is set for an August 24th release .
Anyway , go watch the video , below .
Teaching teachers to respect trans students
Last week , my dad and I went to talk to my school ’s authorities about including my chosen name on the rosters .
They decided not to let me , even after a long discussion where we presented evidence that my request was , in fact , legal .
I ’d found some legal documents in support of trans students ; plus , I pointed out that some of my Asian classmates have chosen Spanish names which are listed alongside their legal names .
Although their situation is different from mine , it proves that non-legal names are in fact routinely used .
As an aside , I think the system is rigged to let teachers stay in their ethnocentric , ciscentric comfort zone : it ’s probably “ easier ” for the teachers to use traditional Spanish names , whereas it ’s so hard to use the right pronouns when you know someone is trans !
It ’s a reminder that apparently different oppressions are rooted in similar attitudes .
Although I believe the decision was deeply unfair , and that I could have won the case if we had taken some sort of legal action , I ’m lucky that the school ’s head is surprisingly LGBTQ - friendly ( unless , of course , she has to take a risky stand ) .
She tried to find some other solution , and we finally agreed to have a meeting with my new professors before the beginning of the school year .
My dad just got out of that meeting – I was n’t invited– and called to say it went well .
I ’ll ask about the details when he gets home .
The idea of a whole meeting centered around me is really embarrassing , and I hope my professors are n’t annoyed that they had to attend .
But I guess it ’s better for them to hold a grudge against me than to be called by the wrong name for an entire school year , especially because –for the first time in five years –
I ’ll be having new classmates who wo n’t necessarily know that they should n’t use my legal name ( during all of secondary school , I had the same 30 - 35 classmates in every single class because we all had to take the same subjects ) .
Besides , I ’m trying not to feel too embarrassed about the meeting because it is n’t really about me — it ’s about educating my teachers about how to treat a trans student , and why it matters ( almost like “ diversity training ” ) .
For instance , my dad was going to tell them that –even though I ’m very engaged with my studies –
I often avoided participating in class in fear that the teacher would ask my name , or to avoid hir from calling my name .
Looking back , that was really hard because we often had awesome student teachers , the kind who get you really involved , and I did NOT want them to know my name — but I was bursting to join the discussion !
All in all , I ’m glad that I got the principal ’s support ; whatever my professors ’ attitudes , I wo n’t have to wait in dread –during the first week of school– until each new teacher pulls out their student list , and struggle to correct them –in a terrified voice– in front of 35 other people .
School starts on Monday , and I ’m really looking forward to it !
Das chilenische Parlament hat Anfang der Woche einen Gesetzesentwurf zur Festschreibung des Prinzips eines offenen Internets verabschiedet .
Gemäß der neuen Bestimmungen dürfen Provider in Chile künftig nicht mehr in Inhalte , Anwendungen und Dienste im Netz eingreifen oder diese unterschiedlich behandeln .
Ausnahmen bestehen für den Viren - und Datenschutz sowie die Netzwerksicherheit .
Chile ist somit das erste Land weltweit , das die Netzneutralität gesetzlich verankert .
Für das Vorhaben stimmten 100 Abgeordnete bei einer Enthaltung und keinem Gegenvotum .
Bei der abschließenden Debatte waren aber vereinzelt auch Stimmen zu hören , die warnten , dass das Gesetz hinter der technischen Entwicklung zurückbleiben könne , und für Möglichkeiten der Zugangsanbieter zum Einsatz von Techniken zum Netzwerkmanagement plädierten .
In den USA und Europa sind Pläne für gesetzliche Regelungen der Netzneutralität seit Jahren Gegenstand heftiger Auseinandersetzungen . ( vbr )
A Palermo wedding photographer was shot and killed this past weekend after having the bridal party pose for pictures holding guns .
Guns that were loaded , apparently .
The worst part ?
The guy was just filling in for a sick friend .
Cannabis busts in the UK – the figures
Source : UK Home Office ( pdf )
Want to know how many people are getting arrested for cannabis in the UK ?
Here you are .
Looks like quite a lot to me .
My appearance on Hannity tonight to talk about the dirty DOJ , the Arizona lawsuit , and the New Black Panther Party thugs ( you can watch the segment here and read all my previous NBPP reporting / blog posts here ) seems to have hit a special nerve with liberal racists .
In fact , my support for the Arizona immigration enforcement law has resulted in quite the spike in hate mail over the last several months .
It ’s been a while since I opened the hate mail bag up for you and let you have a peek .
Enjoy ( language warning , as usual ) :
My personal favorite …
from Willma Harvey [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , Jul 7 , 2010 at 10:30 PM
subject Sit Down
mailed - by gmail.com
signed - by gmail.com
hide details 10:30 PM ( 7 minutes ago )
I saw you on Fox News tonight .
Take my advice : GO SIT YOUR BLACK ASS DOWN !!!!!!!!!!
As Black as you are , you would be one of the first person ’s racially profiled if you went to Arizona .
Willma Harvey
***
Another skin color - obsessed hater …
from [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , Jul 7 , 2010 at 10:27 PM
subject illegal aliens
mailed - by aol.com
hide details 10:27 PM ( 10 minutes ago )
Take a look in the mirror , “ YOU ” yourself Michelle , you look more Hispanic “ ILLEGAL ALIEN ” than most hispanics that i know !
you have dark indiginous skin !
Please DO NOT go to Arizona because you might or will get Arrested , because of your looks , wake up !
***
Charming …
from Marc Bregman [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , Jul 7 , 2010 at 7:11 PM
subject TIP !!!!!!!!!!
mailed - by gmail.com
signed - by gmail.com
hide details 7:11 PM ( 3 hours ago )
Hey lying piece of shit ?
Were your parents legal immigrants ?
Tell us the truth … CUNT
***
He ’s calling me pathetic ?
from George Dunn
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , Jul 7 , 2010 at 7:06 PM
subject How Does a Dishonest CUNT Like You Exist ?
hide details 7:06 PM ( 3 hours ago )
You are a true pathetic human being .
Sad actually .
George Dunn , P.E .
***
“ Clever ! ” …
from Mike [ email protected ] makoche.com
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , Jun 30 , 2010 at 6:31 AM
subject citizen
mailed - by makoche.com
hide details Jun 30 ( 8 days ago )
Show me ” your ” papers … …cunt
***
Cheep , cheep …
from M K [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Sun , Jun 27 , 2010 at 7:51 PM
mailed - by yahoo.com
signed - by yahoo.com
hide details Jun 27 ( 10 days ago )
You are a shitty Filipino prostitute , your only hope is to marry a white man .
you are cheep and ugly .
When I look to your ugly Filipino eyes , I feel , I want to throw up .
You want to be white but you are not .
You are a shitty Asian horn and you will be for the rest of your life .
Clean your rotten cunt before you write Filipino monkey .
***
Somehow , I get the feeling he ’s not “ enjoying his day ” …
from James Weatherwax [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Thu , Jun 24 , 2010 at 6:09 AM
subject Your comments
mailed - by yahoo.com
signed - by yahoo.com
hide details Jun 24
You ’re just an angry cunt .
Your vitriol towards this President and the administration goes a lot deeper than on just a political level .
You might want to look into some good therapy .
I just shake my head and go enjoy my day .
***
Ah , tolerance …
from j [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Wed , May 19 , 2010 at 7:33 PM
subject Hi
mailed - by gmail.com
signed - by gmail.com
hide details May 19
You are a Fucking Cunt
I hope you , your hubby and kids die in a car accident
Have a great day
***
Someone needs to soap his mouth …
from Jay Garcia [ email protected ]
to [ email protected ]
date Tue , May 18 , 2010 at 2:52 PM
subject A Fan with a question
mailed - by yahoo.com
signed - by yahoo.com
hide details May 18
Dear Michelle Malkin
What ’s up with all your racist rants against Latinos ?
I every so often will look at your blog to see what up with the fringe element from the right , and you do seem to have your pulse on what ’s going on with the “ teabaggers ” and the extremist right - wingers in the Republican party . ( hell are there any moderates left in the republican party ? )
I get a kick reading your right - wing blog and love it when they quote that dumb shit Sarah Palin .
Is there anybody more stupid then her ?
Perhaps Michele Bachmann ?
I just love the rising stars in the GOP Palin / Bachmann 2012 !
Of course I do n’t think they are racist enought so perhaps they could hire you Michele as their mouth piece .
Of course that ’s only when you are n’t sucking dicks of the religious right gun toting assholes in the republican party ?
But lately when I turn to your blog to see what ’s up with the fringe right .
I see almost nothing but racist rants about Latinos , and how they are all gang bangers , criminals , drunks and child molesters who are a danger to the good white citizens of the USA .
You got a lot of nerve Michelle .
What makes you think your so special Michelle ?
Have you looked in the mirror Michelle ?
Because the pictures I have seen of you .
You look like a filipina cunt whore !
What did Adam Carolla say about your Motherland ?
That ’s right he said that country has nothing going for it except sex tourism and praying to chicken bones .
Yeah sucking “ teabagger ” cock is all you are good for Michelle and writing in your stupid blog .
You think ‘ Fox News ” will ever hire a bitch like you ?
Nah , they might use you for a cock tease once in awhile but because your not white they wo n’t hire you .
Hell your not even a real Asian Michelle .
What are you a Pacific Islander ?
But who really gives a shit ?
Suck Bill O’Reilly cock maybe he”ll let you guest host more ?
ORDER IT NOW
So go on Michelle with all your racist rants .
But remember one thing :
Those racist white - wingers you are trying so hard to please with you racist rants think slut right - wing whores like you are n’t their equal , but that you are no better than the Blacks , Latinos , and Muslims that you love to bash .
The only reason why they pretend to listen to you is because filipina whores are among the cheapest whores in the world who often take it up the ass for no extra charge .
But hey thanks Michelle for keeping me up to date what the crazed right - winger are thinking about .
Your friend Jay .
***
Update : A Newsweek writer seems to think the “ sexualization of GOP women ” is a new phenomenon .
Oh , no , dearie .
It ’s been going on a long , long time .
Just ask the “ ping pong ball ” pigs at Gawker or the “ whore ” - mongers at HuffPo and the other left - wing cesspools .
It ’s always worth piercing the myth of liberal moral superiority from time to time .
Sunlight = disinfectant .
Update : George Dunn has asked me to take his company name down ( which I did ) , requested that I take down his e-mail ( which I will not ) , and then sent me an “ apology ” with this laughable comment : “ Still , I stand by my statement that the rhetoric being used on both sides of the aisle has ruined the chance to have an honest political debate in this country . ”
Yep , the nutball who called me a “ c**t ” from his work e-mail is moaning about the lost opportunity to “ have an honest political debate in this country . ”
Ouch .
Ow .
Stomach hurting from laughing so hard .
Ow .
They took no mercy on poor Percy , a $ 1 million lawsuit says .
A high - powered Manhattan duo ’s beloved French bulldog died after heartless dog sitters let him overheat in the back of a van and then dumped him — to perish alone — at their Upper West Side apartment , according to the suit .
Bankers Laura Garner and Robert Hardon entrusted their 5 - year - old pooch , Percy , to caretakers at Queens - based Doggie Love for one night in July 2009 while they were out of town , the suit says .
“ From the instant I saw Percy . . .
I knew he was the one , ” a devastated Garner wrote in an affidavit , recalling the start of her love affair with her pet .
But that affection was n’t shared by Doggie Love , says the suit filed by the couple in Queens Supreme Court yesterday .
One worker drove the dog — whose breathing and ability to regulate heat were already limited because he was a “ flat - faced ” breed — from Astoria to the couple ’s apartment on West End Avenue in the back of an enclosed Econoline van , the suit says .
The employee then dropped off the obviously ailing Percy inside the empty apartment — despite the building ’s doorman and a federal judge who lives next - door asking if they could get the dog water or call a vet , according to the papers .
Percy was discovered dead , splayed out in front of an air conditioner , a few hours later .
Vets examined Percy ’s body that night and found evidence that his body temperature was “ notably high ” and he had suffered seizures , the suit says .
“ The emptiness that has been left by Percy ’s death and the anguish we suffered has not and will never be filled or go away , ” the couple said in the lawsuit , which seeks at least $ 1 million in damages .
Doggie Love was initially sympathetic to their heartbreak but soon grew cold , with owner Nilo Mathias telling the couple that “ sometimes , dogs just die , ” the suit alleges .
Another owner , Marla Abrams , allegedly asked , “ What do you want from us ? ”
Abrams yesterday told The Post : “ The person in question no longer works for me , ” adding , “ I ’ve always wanted to be a story in the New York Post . ”
Mathias refused comment .
The company ’s lawyer later released a statement saying , “ Although the death of this dog is tragic , without an necropsy , the ultimate cause of death cannot be determined .
We are confident that once Doggie Love has the opportunity to defend itself in court , it will be fully vindicated . ”
the light switch is on
we shall sieze the day
bending perception with our minds
for profit
the flags of our country wave
in the wind outside
soaking the sun up
like leaves
a frown but a smile all the same .
The mighty Tyrannosaurus rex was no quick , agile killing machine — the " tyrant king " dinosaur just did n't have the nerves .
Instead , most times T. rex probably plodded along like an elephant , according to a new study that estimated the " speed limit " of nerve signals running through the dinosaur 's body .
When a vertebrate — an animal with a backbone — stubs its toe , electrical signals get carried from the toe to the spinal cord by a nerve , which is made up of bundles of long , fiberlike cells .
Since the researchers could n't study a T. rex 's nerves directly , the team looked at how nerves work in a range of modern animals , from the tiny shrew to midsize dogs and pigs to massive Asian elephants .
The scientists found that , for all body sizes , nerves have a basic speed limit of about 180 feet ( 55 meters ) a second .
That 's the fastest a signal can travel from an animal 's feet to its spinal cord — the kind of signal that 's essential for walking and running .
At that speed limit , big animals such as elephants can't run too fast or they 're effectively running blind .
Suppose an elephant steps on a pebble , said study leader Max Donelan of Simon Fraser University in Burnaby , Canada .
If the pachyderm was running fast , " its foot would be nearly off the ground before it could do something in response to that troublesome pebble . "
The same goes for T. rex , said study co-author John Hutchinson , an expert on dinosaur movement at the Royal Veterinary College in London .
" Nerves are nerves — in vertebrates anyway , " Hutchinson said .
" So the principles will apply generally to dinosaurs , too . "
T. rex Would Still Have Been Impressive , Exciting
According to the study , there 's a trade - off between the number of nerve cells in a bundle and how fast the nerve can transmit a signal .
For a big animal such as an elephant to be as fast as a shrew and still feel every step , the elephant 's nerves would have to be 100 feet ( 30 meters ) thick — clearly impossible .
Instead , elephant nerves can either be relatively slow and sensitive or fast and dulled .
As long as a bus and weighing around 6.5 tons , the average T. rex would also have needed to move slowly to feel with its feet , according to the study , which appears Wednesday in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
The idea that T. rex lumbered like an elephant fits with other studies of the dinosaur 's body , including one paper that found that T. rex's leg muscles would have to have been heftier than its whole body weight for the dinosaur to have been a speed demon .
" To be agile , Tyrannosaurus would need to be both all muscle and all nerve , " Simon Fraser 's Donelan said .
Nonetheless , elephants can occasionally get up to a fast clip , sometimes charging fast enough to catch people .
Ditto for big dinosaurs , the Royal Veterinary College 's Hutchinson said .
( CNN ) -- A Food and Drug Administration review of data on the effectiveness of flibanserin -- a pill anticipated to become the first " female Viagra " -- resulted in questions about how well the drug will actually work in treating premenopausal women suffering from low sex drive .
According to a report posted on the FDA website Wednesday , when compared with a placebo , the response rate of Flibanserin was " not compelling , " and the drug yielded only slight improvements for treating hypoactive sexual desire disorder or HSDD .
On Friday , an FDA committee composed of reproductive health experts will be voting on the efficacy and safety of Flibanserin for use in women with low desire -- a sexual disorder that could impact nearly 40 percent of women in the United States , according to some estimates .
Currently , there is no medication approved to treat HSDD in women .
A spokesperson for Germany - based Boehringer Ingelheim , the manufacturer of flibanserin , says the company is still optimistic .
" We remain confident that our data demonstrates Flibanserin is safe and effective in balancing the chemicals in the brain linked to sexual desire , " says Peter Piliero , executive director of U.S. medical affairs for Boehringer Ingelheim .
" We have conducted a robust program showing that flibanserin shows improvement increasing satisfying sexual events , in improving sexual desire and lowering distress , " he adds .
Even if the data show only " slight improvements , " the benefits of approving the drug are vast , contends Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California .
" HSDD is a horrible tragedy in women , " says Goldstein , who treats patients suffering from low sex drive , and who has also been on the drug manufacturer 's international advisory committee for several years .
He says flibanserin would be " the beginning of an era " for women , and that having a safe and effective drugs is a " unique and historic opportunity for women in the U.S. and for the FDA . "
CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .
About The Jelq According to some websites , the jelqing technique originated in the Middle East and was allegedly used by Arabic men to enlarge their penises to over 20 inches in length !
It 's unlikely that these stories are true and in fact some people say that jelqing is a hoax .
Whatever the truth of the matter , jelqing seems to have become the most common term used to describe a range of penis stretching , milking and massaging techniques that over time will enlarge the penis .
The jelq exercise will enlarge both girth and the length of the penis .
The purpose of the jelq exercise is to force more blood into the corpora cavernosa ( the spongy tissue that makes up the penis ) .
This is achieved by using a " milking " technique on the penis .
This milking will expand and stretch the cell walls of the corpora cavernosa to allow larger quantities of blood to enter the penis .
Jelqing will increase the size of both the flaccid and erect penis , but most markedly in the erect penis .
Jelqing exercises are like regular exercises and need to be carried out on a daily basis .
Results from using the jelq can be seen in increases in penis size after only a month and more pronounced results can be seen in penis length and penis girth after several months .
Before You Start Jelqing Measuring Your Penis
It 's a good idea to keep a diary of your jelqing efforts .
This should also contain measurements of your penis on a weekly basis .
You can certainly measure and record your flaccid penis size but this can vary so the really important important measurements to take are your erect meaurements .
Record both your erect penis length and your erect penis girth .
Different people recommend all sorts of different ways to measure your penis .
It really does n't matter how you do it AS LONG AS YOU DO IT CONSISTENTLY !
That is , make sure you measure it the same way each week .
The Jelqing Warm Up Jelqing is just like any other exercise - you need to warm - up before starting !
Massage you penis until you are semi-tumescent ( partial erection ) .
In warm water , soak a washcloth .
Wrap the washcloth around your penis for three minutes .
Repeat above warm - wrap another three times .
An alternative to the above jelqing warm - up is to simply massage and stroke your semi-erect penis in a warm bath .
The Jelq
Put some lubricant ( eg. baby oil ) on both your hands and penis .
Your penis should be semi-erect .
With the thumb and forefinger of one hand , make an " Okay " sign around the base of your penis and grip it firmly .
Now start a milking motion towards the end of your penis .
When your milking hand reaches the head of your penis , form an " Okay " sign with your free hand and start milking as you did previously with the other hand .
Do not milk the head of the penis .
You should be able to use both hands to create a continuous milking action , alternating between hands .
Ideally , you should be able to complete 100 jelq strokes every five minutes .
For the first week , only perform 100 jelq strokes each day .
For the second week , perform 200 jelq strokes each day .
For the third week , perform 300 jelq strokes each day .
From the fourth week onwards , try and perform 500 jelq strokes each day .
Important Points For Safe Jelqing Consider a professionally designed program , such as Penis Advantage , that offers support and coaching to ensure you jelq safely .
Always do the warm - up exercises before commencing jelqing .
Always use sufficient lubricant during jelqing .
Do n't squeeze too hard when using the jelq grip .
If it hurts or you see bruising on your penis after jelqing then your jelq grip is too hard .
Never jelq when you have a full erection ( and do n't ejaculate when jelqing ) .
Jelq only when you have a semi- tumescent ( rather than fully - erect ) penis otherwise you may damage your penis .
Always perform a " warm - down " ( same as a warm - up ) routine at the completion of your jelqing exercises .
Microsoft has released its cross - browser , cross-platform implementation of the .NET Framework called Silverlight for the Symbian mobile operating system ( OS ) .
Not only will this latest Silverlight release enable users to view Silverlight apps in their mobile browser , but it will also allow them to make use of related tools to build Silverlight applications which are targeted at the more than 20 million users who use their Nokia mobiles that run on Symbian S60 5th Edition .
Some of the features of Silverlight includes hardware assisted media playback of H.264 content , .NET Programmability and it provides developers with access to the Silverlight V2 surface area in order to create rich interactive web applications .
By By Andrew Moran Jun 3 , 2010 in Politics Havana - Former Cuban President Fidel Castro believes if United States President Barack Obama orders a nuclear strike of Iran , he will win a second term .
He also believes the U.S. could attack North Korea soon .
In the article , Castro speculated that President Barack Obama could order a nuclear strike against Iran to help him win a second term in the White House , according to the The former President further added that Obama could attack North Korea because of the recent incident where North Korea was accused of attacking a South Korean ship .
Castro went on to state that the U.S. Commander - in - Chief lives in a world of fantasy because many of his advisers are planting such things in his head .
“ Could Obama enjoy the emotions of a second presidential election without having the Pentagon or the State of Israel , whose conduct does not in the least obey the decisions of the United States , use nuclear weapons against Iran ? ” Castro asked .
“ How would life on our planet be after that ? "
Castro then condemned Israel for its attack against a Gaza - bound international aid flotilla , reports On Wednesday , former Cuban leader Fidel Castro , who has not been in the media since 2006 , published a column in a Cuban state media publication titled “ The Empire and War .
” In the article , Castro speculated that President Barack Obama could order a nuclear strike against Iran to help him win a second term in the White House , according to the Associated Press
The former President further added that Obama could attack North Korea because of the recent incident where North Korea was accused of attacking a South Korean ship .
Castro went on to state that the U.S. Commander - in - Chief lives in a world of fantasy because many of his advisers are planting such things in his head .
“ Could Obama enjoy the emotions of a second presidential election without having the Pentagon or the State of Israel , whose conduct does not in the least obey the decisions of the United States , use nuclear weapons against Iran ? ” Castro asked .
“ How would life on our planet be after that ?
" Castro then condemned Israel for its attack against a Gaza - bound international aid flotilla , reports CRI English .
He called Israel ’s actions “ truly fascist Nazi fury ” toward the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip .
More about Fideo castro , Obama , Iran nuclear strike More news from fideo castro barack obama iran nuclear strike
Free Press Action Fund
74 House Democrats and 37 Senate Republicans have signed industry - written letters telling the FCC to abandon efforts to protect Internet users and stop big companies from blocking Internet traffic .
It ’s yet another example of dirty politics destroying our democracy , and it has to stop .
Tell Washington : Congress Does n’t Speak for Me
The nasty little secret that everybody knows ?
Almost every one of these representatives has accepted massive contributions from the phone and cable lobby .
Now the industry is demanding a return on its investment .
By signing the industry letter , these members of Congress have drastically undercut the FCC ’s ability to get a fast , affordable and open Internet to everyone in America .
They are actually taking a position against the interests of rural and low - income communities .
We are n’t going to let this outrageous and unethical behavior stand .
Today , we ’re asking hundreds of thousands of Americans to sign our own letter and telling Congress and the FCC that these members of Congress do n’t speak for us , President Obama or the millions of other Americans who support a fast , open and affordable Internet .
Do n’t Let Dirty Politics Kill Fast , Open and Affordable Internet
That so many members of Congress would intentionally sell out the public may be hard to imagine .
Perhaps these representatives did n’t know what they were signing .
Or perhaps this is just business as usual , another D.C. betrayal of the public trust .
( Is it any wonder the latest Gallup public opinion poll counts a congressional disapproval rating of 73 percent ? )
These members of Congress acted on blind faith that phone and cable companies have the best interests of Americans in mind .
But Comcast and AT&T can no better police themselves to protect the open Internet than BP can police itself to protect the oceans .
We already know how that ends .
The phone and cable companies must play by our rules before it ’s too late .
Congress can’t hand over the future of communications to these companies .
The results would be disastrous .
By taking action today , you ’re telling Congress that these bad deeds wo n’t go unnoticed .
Thank you ,
Timothy Karr
Free Press Action Fund
http://www.savetheInternet.com
http://www.FreePress.net
P.S. Be sure to sign this letter to Washington .
Then forward this e-mail to your friends in Hawaii and share the action via Twitter and Facebook .
Glad just posted this Tweet …
Great news !
U.S. District Court held that # DOMA “ violates … equal protection principles . ”
Decision will be posted shortly .
Please retweet !
We ’re still trying to confirm but we believe they ’re referring to a decision in this case , Gill et al. v. Office of Personnel Management et al .
It important to note that this is a federal district court decision .
To become law it would have to survive the inevitable appeal to the federal circuit court level and then , if it made it there , get through the Supreme Court , which under present management seems hard to imagine .
Chris Geidner reports that the decision was from U.S. District Court Judge Jospeh Tauro , who was appointed by President Nixon in 1972 .
Late Update :
Here ’s a more detailed explanation of the case , sent along by TPM Reader CA .
I ’d recommend reading the piece .
But the gist seems to be that the judge ruled against the part of DOMA which deals with the federal government ’s non-obligation to recognize state gay marriages .
The court found that that part of the law did n’t meet muster under the 14th and 10th amendments .
So both equal protection but also the state ’s ability to define marriage .
There were actually two separate cases Judge Tauro ruled on .
Are you an iPhone user , ready to take the plunge into Android , but do n’t know where to begin ?
Well , folks , put your minds at ease … we ’re here to help .
Let ’s take a look at some steps that you will want to know during your transition .
First suggestion : if you ’re not using Gmail as your default email client … start .
This , of course , does n’t go for things like Exchange , but your webmail client should be Gmail .
Android phones , by default , require you to either sign in with a Gmail address or set one up on the spot during the initial phone setup .
So , as long as you ’re using their email services , you may as well be familiar with it and plan on utilizing all the dynamic features it offers .
The Android OS is made by Google , so it should come as no surprise that they want you to use their email client .
Remember , though , your Gmail account will also be synced with other Google services , such as contacts and calendars .
This tutorial will assume a couple of things :
You have iTunes installed and synced with your iPhone
You ’re using the computer you sync your iPhone with
The computer you are using is running Windows XP SP3 , Vista or 7
You have your Android phone with a MicroSD card and know how to access the files on it
If these parameters are met , then let ’s get started .
CONTACTS
We ’ll begin by syncing your iPhone contacts over to Gmail .
First off , it will be good for you to know that only the following information will move over :
People ’s names and job titles
Company names
Email and postal addresses
Phone numbers
IM names , including the type of service
Notes
That being said , the instructions are quite simple .
According to Google :
Connect your iPhone , iPad , or iPod Touch to your computer using the USB cable .
Open the iTunes application .
Select your iPhone and click the Info tab .
Check the Sync Contacts with option and select Google Contacts from the drop - down menu .
Click Configure and enter your Google username and password .
This will move all of your iPhone contacts over to your Google account , which will be synced to your new Android device during it ’s initial setup .
SMS
This is where it gets a little tricky , and also begins to cost a little bit of money .
Since Apple is n’t big on allowing access to the file structure of the iPhone , we ’re going to have to rely on some third - party software .
First off , download this software ( free ) and install it onto your PC .
Then , click here to open up iTunes and download SMS Export to your iPhone ( $ 4.99 ) and get it rolling .
Make sure to export it in text format .
Once you have the exported text file and your new Android device in hand ( already setup ) , move the file onto the root of the MicroSD card .
Now you ’ll need to download an app from the Android Market , called “ SMS Migrator ” .
it costs about $ 2.20 .
Make sure that USB Storage is turned off on the phone ( this option will be in the slide down menu from the top of your screen when the phone is plugged into your PC ) , run SMS Migrator and choose the text file you put on the MicroSD , and let the app do the rest .
EMAIL , EXCHANGE AND CALENDARS
You may have heard it around the rumor mill that Android and Exchange do n’t get along .
While Android may not handle Exchange as well as the iPhone does , it still does a good job .
This step is as simple as opening up your email app on your Android phone and setting up your Exchange account .
This will sync up your Exchange email , but not your calendar .
In order to get that running , you ’ll need to sync up your Exchange calendar with your Google calendar .
Unless you ’re running HTC Sense , which integrates your Exchange calendar into the phone ’s calendar , you ’ll need to install some software on the computer that has your outlook client connected to Exchange .
Instructions can be found here ( free ) or here ( $ 14.99 , more features ) , and make sure you utilize the 2 - way sync option .
EVERYTHING ELSE
Because things like photos , music , movies , etc are all stored locally , they ’re quite simple to move over to your new device .
It ’s as simple as locating them on your computer and moving them over to your Android phone ’s MicroSD .
THINGS TO GET USED TO
Remember , guys … these types of transition have a learning curve associated .
It took me about a week to get used to the fact that my homescreen was more than just shortcuts to apps , and that all that stuff was in the pull up menu .
It took me awhile to find widgets I liked and would use to put onto my homescreens .
It took me a long time to get used to the slide down notifications menu at the top .
The interface is way different , but in my opinion , more intuitive .
Buttons .
Oh lord , did I ever have to get used to buttons .
The iPhone has two buttons , one of which you only really ever use for lock and power .
My Hero has 6 , plus a trackball with a clicker .
This also took me a long time to get used to , and I honestly never thought I would use them … but I do now , all the time .
Your first instinct , when finished with something , will be to hit that all powerful home button … it ’s a habit you ’ll have to break .
And remember , with Android , apps run in the background , so even when you press the home button , that app you were just in is more than likely still running in the background , taking up memory .
You should also look into a task killer , so that you can fully close apps that you know are safe .
Another large difference is manually handling your music .
It ’s really just as simple as moving all of the music you want on your Android device over to a folder on your MicroSD card , and whatever music app ( yes , you have choices ! ) you have will likely just search through your card and display the metadata ( Artist , album , song name , etc. ) , so there ’s usually not a need to rename that music you may or may not have gotten from a legitimate source .
Of course , if you would like auto - sync features for your music , pictures and movies , give double Twist a try .
For those of you coming from the iPhone , the interface will look very familiar .
It looks and functions a lot like iTunes .
Also , all your “ app ” purchases will now be handled through the Android Market .
It comes preinstalled , and is basically the App Store for Android .
The checkout process is a little different , in so much as it uses Google ’s checkout service instead of iTunes account integration .
I hope these guidelines will help any of you heading from Apple ’s platform to Google ’s , and make sure that you read this article over carefully before venturing into the world of mobile data migration .
Take some time , get to know your phone .
Read the manual , check out the settings in the menu , become familiar with what you ’re jumping into .
While it can seem overwhelming at first , just keep in mind that , like most other things , it ’s not as hard as you think it is once you dive in .
An original article by Dustin Karnes
June 11 , 2010 : On June 3rd , 2010 , something hit Jupiter .
A comet or asteroid descended from the black of space , struck the planet 's cloudtops , and disintegrated , producing a flash of light so bright it was visible in backyard telescopes on Earth .
Soon , observers around the world were training their optics on the impact site , waiting to monitor the cindery cloud of debris which always seems to accompany a strike of this kind .
They 're still waiting .
" It 's as if Jupiter just swallowed the thing whole , " says Anthony Wesley of Australia , one of two amateur astronomers who recorded the initial flash .
The other , Christopher Go of the Philippines , says " it was thrilling to see the impact , but the absence of any visible debris has got us scratching our heads . "
A color composite image of the June 3rd Jupiter impact flash .
Credit : Anthony Wesley of Broken Hill , Australia .
Indeed , it is a bit of a puzzle .
" We 've seen things hit Jupiter before , " says planetary scientist Glenn Orton of JPL , " and the flash of impact has always been followed by some kind of debris . "
For instance , when fragments of Comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 hit Jupiter in 1994 , each major flash observed by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft produced a " bruise , " a murky mixture of incinerated comet dust and chemically altered Jovian gas twisting and swirling among the native clouds .
Just last year , in July 2009 , Wesley discovered a similar mark thought to be debris from a rogue asteroid crashing into the planet .
So where is the debris this time ?
A possibility offered by some observers is that the flash was n't an impact at all .
Maybe Go and Wesley witnessed a giant Jovian lightning bolt .
of the impact recorded by Christopher Go of Cebu City , the Philippines .
Click on the image to viewof the impact recorded by Christopher Go of Cebu City , the Philippines .
" I consider that very , very unlikely , " says Orton .
" NASA spacecraft have seen lightning on Jupiter many times before , but only on the planet 's nightside .
This dayside event would have to be unimaginably more powerful than any previous bolt we 've seen .
Even Jupiter does n't produce lightning that big . "
Nor could it be a flash of lightning in Earth 's atmosphere fortuitously happening in front of Jupiter .
Simultaneous observations of the same flash from widely - spaced observatories in Australia and the Philippines rule that out .
For the same reason , it could n't be , say , a terrestrial meteor or any other phenomenon in the atmosphere of Earth .
In short , the flash really happened at Jupiter .
Curiously , the impactor ( if indeed this was an impact event ) struck right in the middle of Jupiter 's South Equatorial Belt ( SEB ) , one of the two broad stripes that girdle the planet .
This is " curious " because the SEB itself vanished earlier this year .
Orton has proposed that the missing belt still exists , it 's just temporarily hidden underneath some high - altitude cirrus clouds .
Could those very same clouds be hiding the impact debris ?
He does n't think so .
" The flash came from an altitude above any cirrus layer , so the debris should be plainly visible — if there is any . "
Clouds of debris mark Jupiter 's cloudtops following the SL - 9 impacts of 1994 . [ more ]
The best remaining hypothesis is that the impactor was small , packing just enough punch to make a flash , but without leaving much debris .
One thing is sure : " Jupiter is getting hit more than we expected , " says Don Yeomans , head of NASA 's Near - Earth Object program of JPL .
" Back in the days of Shoemaker - Levy 9 ( SL - 9 ) , we calculated that we should see an impact on Jupiter once every hundred years or so .
We considered ourselves extraordinarily lucky to witness the SL - 9 event . "
" But look where we are now , " he continues .
" Anthony Wesley has observed two impacts within the past 12 months alone .
It 's time to revise our impact models [ particularly for small impactors ] . "
Clearly , researchers have a lot to learn , not only about how often Jupiter gets hit , but also what happens when the strikes occur .
" We 're continuing the search for debris at a number of major observatories , including Hubble , " says Orton .
Future observations sensitive to very small amounts of debris and to gases pulled up from Jupiter 's deeper atmosphere may yet reveal what happened to the flashy impactor of June 3rd — or lead researchers in new directions entirely .
Stay tuned !
Author : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
A British judge serving on the South Pacific island of Tonga has come under fierce criticism after an appeal court last week overturned his judgment that two teenage boys should be flogged .
Four Tongan appeal court justices ruled that Justice Robert Shuster 's sentence on two 17 - year - olds should not be carried out , saying : " This is the first time in almost 30 years that a judge in the former British protectorate has ordered prisoners to be whipped . "
The boys , who were found guilty of burglary and escaping prison , were also sentenced to 13 years in jail – a sentence they will still have to serve .
Punishment by flogging on Tonga is a legacy of British colonial rule .
Defending the sentence he handed down in February , Mr Shuster , whose judgments have often aroused controversy on the island , said : " I have no doubt that whipping them is barbaric , but when I was at school in Wales I got the stick just for talking in class .
" A lot of people would think that the sentence I imposed was a fair punishment .
Before I came here I was in West Africa , and they often whipped people for crimes like burglary . "
The case has sent shockwaves through Tongan society .
Politicians on the island said the case was a symptom of a deeper malaise in Tonga 's judicial system .
Critics of Mr Shuster are suggesting that appointing the British judge to the Supreme Court was a mistake .
Sworn in in May 2008 , Mr Shuster , who specialises in criminal law , was appointed by the government of Tonga with support from the Commonwealth Secretariat .
He previously served in Sierra Leone and Fiji , playing a key role in the prosecution of the Fijian coup leader George Speight in 2002 .
Speight , charged with the kidnap of Fijian Prime Minister Mahendra Chaudhry and 35 other parliamentarians in 2000 , now languishes in Naboro maximum - security prison in Fiji .
Pro-democracy and women 's rights groups on Tonga said that , despite the controversy , Mr Shuster remains in line for promotion to chief justice on the island next September .
Two of the country 's remaining Supreme Court judges had their contracts discontinued last week , leaving him in pole position for the job .
Judicial colleagues , however , have expressed concern about his promotion .
John Cauchi , an Australian citizen who was Tonga 's attorney general until his resignation in April over government interference , said : " The government is attempting to go down the Fiji route .
But while I am sitting in this country it is better for me not to say anything .
When I am safely back in a country that respects the rule of law I will feel free to say something more about this . "
He condemned the government 's " corrupt " decision to abolish the Judicial Services Commission : " This means the government 's ministers can pick judges rather than having them independently selected . "
He added that Mr Shuster 's possible appointment was " extremely serious .
No one knows what is going to happen . "
Addressing pro-democracy
MPs last week , the Tongan journalist Mateni Tapueluelu revealed concerns over Mr Shuster 's record .
Speaking from Nukualofa , the Tongan capital , he said : " These MPs are concerned about the rule of law in Tonga .
They have quoted a lengthy series of judgments made by Shuster that were all overturned by the Court of Appeal .
" They are quoting certain comments made by the Court of Appeal that imply Shuster is not a competent justice .
He does n't have the experience either , but there has been no word from the government on that . "
Chris Kelley , Tonga 's police commissioner , expressed relief that the flogging will not happen , saying the sentence " would have been very hard to carry out , but we would have been obliged to carry out the punishment had it been upheld on appeal . "
Not everyone agrees , however .
Kei Iongi , the police officer who performed two of the island 's last floggings in the 1980s , said the whip – the cat - o'- nine - tails – is made of nine lengths of knotted rope , and is soaked in water overnight to ensure maximum pain .
" It would have torn off their skin at first stroke . "
Nevertheless , he supports the idea of corporal punishment .
" I think it is good .
Courts see these repeat offenders over and over again , and nothing seems to be working .
Many people feel this way . "
VODAFONE IRELAND is in talks with the record industry to join Eircom in its “ three strikes and you ’re out ” rule for those involved in illegal file - sharing .
The company is the second biggest internet service provider ( ISP ) in the State with 21 per cent of all fixed broadband connections along with a substantial mobile broadband customer base .
Between them Eircom and Vodafone provide nearly two - thirds of all household broadband connections in the Republic .
A pilot scheme to implement what Eircom also calls the “ graduated response protocol ” has been under way since last month and about 800 illegal file - sharers have already received a warning .
In an out - of - court settlement last year between the music industry and Eircom , the company agreed to issue three warnings to illegal file - sharers who download music through what are known as peer - to - peer networks .
After a fourth offence , they would find their broadband cut off for a year .
In a statement issued yesterday , Vodafone said it was aware of the Eircom actions and acknowledged that illegal file - sharing represents a “ serious issue for the Irish music industry ” .
It said it would be looking at “ appropriate steps ” consistent with “ applicable legislation and recent judicial decisions ” .
EMI Ireland chief executive Willie Kavanagh said “ significant progress ” had been made with Vodafone in relation to implementing a solution similar to that which Eircom is using to deter file - sharers .
Vodafone is in negotiation with the Irish Recorded Music Association ( Irma ) which represents all the major record labels .
Mr Kavanagh , who is also the chairman of Irma , said that any agreement with Vodafone would make Ireland the European leader in terms of dealing with the problem .
Mr Kavanagh confirmed that Irma has engaged former minister for justice Michael McDowell SC in its file - sharing court action against UPC which begins tomorrow in the Commercial Court .
He admitted the Irish record industry has halved in size in the last four years .
It had been hoped that last year would see a “ bottoming out ” of the decline in record sales as a result of illegal downloading .
However , record sales were down a further 12 per cent this year .
Aslan sold 11,000 copies of their latest album , but nearly three times that had been downloaded illegally , he said .
Mr Kavanagh warned that there would be no record industry in Ireland within five years unless illegal file - sharing was tackled .
In a statement , Vodafone said it was now looking at providing “ easy availability of legal downloads of music ” to counteract illegal file - sharing .
It is believed to be looking at a subscription model which would allow customers to both download and stream tracks for a set monthly fee .
In Spain , Vodafone has implemented a successful policy of charging € 6 a month for 20 tracks , but the company insists it is too early to say what kind of model it would adapt here .
Lessons Never Learned : Nonprofits and the State , Redux
RAIDER NATION COLLECTIVE , Oakland and Los Angeles
“ Peace after revolution ”
— Erykah Badu
We were not surprised to hear of a recent meeting between the Oakland state apparatus ( Mayor Ron Dellums and the Oakland Police Department ) and representatives of the local nonprofit industrial complex .
Nor were we surprised when the nonprofits emerged from that meeting with directives from the Mayor and the Police on how best to prevent and preemptively condemn civil rebellion in the case of the acquittal of Johannes Mehserle for the murder of Oscar Grant , or Mehserle ’s conviction on a lesser charge .
Why were we not surprised ?
Quite simply because what we are witnessing is a virtual repeat of last year ’s controversy surrounding the short - lived Coalition Against Police Executions ( CAPE ) , one which shows that the lessons of 2009 have fallen upon deaf ears .
On January 23 , 2010 Nicole Lee of the Urban Peace Movement distributed an email , which astonishingly focused more on preventing rebellion than on ensuring that justice be served .
The Urban Peace Movement is funded by the Movement Strategy Center , an umbrella organization representing a broad swath of the Bay Area nonprofit scene : from the Ella Baker Center to Just Cause and the School of Unity and Liberation ( that is , many of the nonprofits rooted in the now - defunct STORM ) , and with connections to the Ford Foundation and Rockefeller Brothers ’ Foundation , among others .
UPM also currently advertises its participation in a Pepsi- sponsored fundraising scheme .
In other words , UPM is deeply embedded within the nonprofit - industrial complex , and does n’t try to hide it .
Now , to Lee ’s email — entitled “ Bracing for Mehserle Verdict : Community Engagement Plan ” — and whose primary aim is not demanding justice , but rather preventing any militant popular response to an unjust verdict .
She urges nonprofits and progressives to band together with their “ partners and allies ” in an effort to create a plan to prevent an explosion after the verdict , and these “ partners and allies ” include not only nonprofits ( i.e. The Ella Baker Center , Oakland Rising , BWOPA ) but also “ the Mayor ’s Office and the City of Oakland . ”
In Lee ’s email , it soon becomes apparent that “ engaging ” the community is clearly code for manipulating and co-opting the popular anger that will rightly greet anything less than a murder conviction .
She urges groups to “ create organized events or avenues for young people and community members to express their frustrations with the system in constructive and peaceful ways , ” with the implication being that constructive =peaceful ( more on this below ) .
More surprisingly , she argues that “ We need to begin ' innoculating ' our bases and the community at - large so that when the verdict comes down , people are prepared for it , and so that the ‘ outside agitators ’ who were active during the initial Oscar Grant protests are not able to incite the crowd so easily . ”
She continues : “ our main concern is the safety and well - being of Oakland ’s young people .
We do not want to see them get taken to jail or hurt as a result of violent or destructive behavior brought on or encouraged by ‘ extreme - fringe ’ groups coming into Oakland from the outside . ”
These claims are then followed by two sets of talking points , one dumbed - down and spiced up for a “ youth audience . ”
The latter are replete with references to the “ constructive ” work of Martin and Malcolm , and end with the call : “ Instead , let ’s hold our heads high and throw up our fists in solidarity like Huey did !! ”
Lee ’s open collaboration with the state becomes shockingly clear once we visit the website of the City of Oakland , where we find a near - replica of Lee ’s email coming out of the virtual mouth of the city administration itself , and crediting UPM for its contribution .
And as we write this , the financial impetus for this unlikely partnership is becoming clear : there is word on the street that these same nonprofits are participating in a city - sponsored “ speak - out ” for which the city is paying bribes of $ 40 to participants and $ 100 to nonprofit organizers who turn people out to the event .
Several days later , a clever hoax email under the title “ Keep it Cool After the Verdict ” emerged which was spoofed to appear as though it had come from Lee herself .
While Lee responded with indignant pleas for solidarity at an alleged identity theft , she did not address the fundamental reason that many had initially believed the email was the real thing : the fundamental points were the same .
The hoax email was merely a slightly exaggerated version of Lee ’s own open condescension toward the youth and willingness to collaborate with the state .
As participants in the rebellions of January 2009 , most of us residents of the City of Oakland , we must respond to this condescending whitewashing of our history with five points :
1. ) The “ Outside Agitator ” Soundbyte
We had hoped that this one was dead for good , as many participants had clearly debunked it , but Lee shows that , despite all evidence to the contrary , some people will insist on repeating discredited and condescending arguments despite how totally implausible they may be .
In the immediate aftermath of the first Oscar Grant rebellion on January 7th of 2009 , OPD took their message to the press : this was all the fault of “ outside agitators . ”
Echoing Bull Connor ’s attack on those who went to Selma , Alabama to fight for civil rights , the police sought to discredit the rebellion while sowing division among those struggling for justice .
To some degree , they were successful .
Despite not being present themselves for the rebellion , nonprofit leaders working under the banner of the Coalition Against Police Executions ( CAPE ) , immediately began to parrot the police line , attacking “ outside agitators ” for leading the Black youth of Oakland astray , and tacitly ( if not explicitly ) suggesting that those who tore up the streets were white anarchists from the suburbs .
As participants in those rebellions , we saw something very different : a multiracial crowd of primarily Black and Brown youth expressing righteous anger at the state ’s refusal to indict one of their own ( we encourage readers to consult the various images from the rebellions to get a feel for their makeup ) .
The “ outside agitator ” soundbyte was also thoroughly discredited in street - level reports by JR Valrey of the SF Bayview , George Ciccariello - Maher of Counterpunch , and Minster Keith Muhammad , among others .
But some soundbytes die hard , especially when these are so useful to governing elites seeking to divide our movements .
Thus when a large and multiracial group protesting cuts to and privatization of public education took over and blocked the 980 in Downtown Oakland , we found it necessary to yet again combat attempts to trot out the “ outside agitator ” story in an effort to erase the many people of color who took to the highway .
2. ) Nonprofits and the State
Eventually , many in CAPE backtracked , but not without attempting to defend the state by becoming movement police and kicking those same youth they claimed to represent off the street on January 14th .
CAPE ’s obvious efforts to stabilize the state and prevent rebellion ( while offering no real strategy for achieving justice ) brought about harsh critiques from Advance the Struggle and the Oakland chapter of Bring the Ruckus .
As our Advance the Struggle comrades put it :
Through their “ buffer ” tactics and diversions from confrontational struggle , Bay Area nonprofits effectively acted as an extension of the state .
Nonprofit funding from foundations suffocates the development of a real revolutionary formation , keeping the politics of the nonprofit organization safely within the bounds of the rules of the system … .
Despite frequent references to the radical legacy of Oakland , CAPE behaved as an extension of the state , “ organizing ” people to be peaceful , go home and not take militant action in the streets .
CAPE eventually splintered over these same questions , with a handful of coalition members rightfully recognizing the critiques before them .
To their credit , many from CAPE learned an important lesson and we applaud that .
Some in the nonprofit community clearly have not , as Lee ’s email makes more than obvious .
3. ) Condescending to the “ Youth Audience ”
One of the most galling parts of Lee ’s email — and the nonprofit approach to their “ community ” more generally , is the sheer condescension it displays toward the members of that community , especially the youth .
This appears in two ways in Lee ’s email .
Firstly , the claim about “ outside agitators ” itself implies that Black and Brown youth are incapable of making good decisions or analyzing their situation , and are easily swept up into following “ outside agitators ” ( again , read : “ white anarchists ” ) , who lead them , like a black - clad Pied Piper , down the path of destruction .
As we will see below , this claim is the only way the nonprofits have to divert attention from their lack of a strategy for social change .
Secondly , we see this same condescending and patronizing attitude in Lee ’s email itself , with its two lists of talking points , one for adults and one for a “ youth audience . ”
This is an openly manipulative ploy which implies , again , that young community members cannot possibly understand the proper path to social change if it is n’t dumbed - down for them .
If not to manipulate the youth , then why are talking points necessary in the first place ?
If not to manipulate the youth , then why the dumbed - down version for a “ youth audience ” ?
And if not to manipulate the youth , then why the opportunistic references to Martin , Malcolm , and Huey , references which , as we will see below , do not accurately reflect history ?
Clearly , what Lee and others fear from so - called non-existent or imagined “ outside agitators ” is not the manipulation they claim to oppose , but a viewpoint that differs from their own .
4. ) The Uses and Abuses of the Panthers
The most infuriating part of Lee ’s email by far is her references to Martin , Malcolm , and especially to Huey P. Newton of the Black Panther Party .
To put it bluntly : what the hell does she think Huey was doing , or Martin and Malcolm for that matter ?
What does she think the Panthers stood for ?
Let ’s start with what they did n’t stand for : collaboration with the state and ruling elites .
And the Panthers had a phrase , adapted from Mao Tse - Tung , to express this position : “ Contradictions among the people are reconcilable , but contradictions between the people and the state are irreconcilable . ”
What is it about “ irreconcilable ” that Lee and the nonprofiteers do n’t understand ?
The Panthers were not all free breakfast programs : they were also about organizing the youth in a non-condescending way to fight the very same state that Lee would see as an “ ally and partner . ”
But in reality , this is n’t about what the Panthers did or did n’t say .
It ’s about a strategic attempt by the nonprofits to perform their function of protecting the state , something which they do all the more effectively the more radical their rhetoric .
By saying radical - sounding things , they are able to present themselves as the voice of the people , which makes them all the more powerful when they decide to sell us up the river .
5. ) The Master ’s Tools ?
We ca n’t end without responding to the underlying premise of Lee ’s email , and indeed of the entire state - entangled nonprofit “ strategy , ” one which evidently attempts — in the words of Audre Lorde — to use only the “ master ’s tools ” to build the new world ( and indeed to even recruit the master himself into this process ) .
Nonprofit efforts to harness and channel popular anger down “ constructive ” pathways and Lee ’s insistence that Martin and Malcolm were examples of “ constructive ” approaches to change are deceptively deployed to prop up the idea that working with the state is the only truly “ constructive ” way of approaching social change .
This is the lure of the nonprofit : they promise access to the levers of power if we behave correctly , and it is only by convincing us to behave that they prove to the state and their corporate masters that they can be trusted with that power .
But now as before , we must return to the single fundamental truth of the Oakland rebellions : nothing has been more “ constructive ” than the popular fury unleashed in January .
Without these intermittent explosions , Mehserle would never have been arrested , would never have been indicted , and most certainly would n’t be facing a murder charge .
Our power lies not in opportunistic deal - making with Dellums behind closed doors : it lies in the streets and it is homegrown , while the “ outside agitators ” line is an ideological construct meant to stifle rebellion .
Before and during the rebellions , the nonprofits were telling us that taking to the streets would n’t be “ constructive , ” but they were wrong then and they ’re wrong now .
The young people of color who took to the streets , the “ youth audience ” for which the nonprofits emit mindless “ talking points , ” they knew what was “ constructive ” all along and they ’ve recognized the fruits of their efforts in the current trial of Johannes Mehserle .
It is this sort of constructiveness that will build the new world !
BROOKLYN —
They are socially conscious , but geographically separate , movements : “ fair trade ” and “ buy local . ”
Fair trade usually calls to mind southern hemisphere products like coffee and bananas , while buy local elicits images of locally grown vegetables and dairy .
But now a marriage of these two previously disparate movements may be underway .
The Farmers Direct Co-Operative in Saskatchewan , Canada , recently became the first agricultural group in North America to receive fair - trade certification .
The pioneering certification could have a major effect on the way North American farm co-ops market themselves .
Farmers Direct and other similar labels — such as Big - Tree Organic Farms Co-Op in central California and Southern Alternatives Agricultural Co- Op in southwest Georgia — are hoping that applying the fair - trade label to local products will help struggling farmers .
North American and European countries rely on the southern hemisphere for products such as coffee beans , tea leaves , cocoa beans and tropical fruits that cannot grow in northern climates .
Amid concerns over the treatment of farm workers in the southern hemisphere , fair - trade marketing began in the 1970s and 1980s .
Fair trade refers to goods grown according to rigorous environmental standards and with sufficient protections for workers .
Compelling human narratives are woven into product marketing and products bearing fair - trade labels sell at a premium price .
Socially and environmentally conscious shoppers have long been familar with fair trade , but now buy local is what 's on their radar .
Advocates say locally grown food taxes the environment less than food shipped around the world .
Threaded throughout today ’s local food movement are many of same the priorities that global fair trade organizations have touted for nearly a quarter century .
Yet fair trade and " buy local " have existed as separate movements , with fair - trade labels used exclusively for products from developing nations in the southern hemisphere .
Now the Farmers Direct Co-Operative is offering products that are locally grown and fair - trade .
The co-op comprises 70 certified organic family farms .
It sells wheat , flax , lentils , beans and peas wholesale to food manufacturers and distributors .
Amy ’s Kitchen and Organic Valley are among its biggest customers .
General manager Jason Freeman said the co-op wanted to help differentiate between multi-national organic companies and organic family farmers .
“ Organic is becoming a commodity , ” he said .
For consumers who have tried to eat organic for years , organic means not only grown without pesticides , but also a commitment to independent brands , Freeman said .
As multi-national corporations began to buy up small independent organic companies ( for example , Coca Cola now owns Odwalla Juices and Dean Foods purchased dairy producer Horizon ) , many of the distinctions among organic products blurred .
Freeman wants consumers to know that co-op farmers are held to rigorous regulations in terms of pay equity and environmental standards .
He sees this distinction as necessary in order to separate responsible farmer - owner businesses from larger corporations .
It took the co-op seven years to gain fair - trade certification in part because no one had developed official standards for domestic fair trade products .
The Agricultural Justice Project , a national advocacy network , developed the standards over the last three years .
Now that the certification process is standardized , a growing number of farmer co-ops — producing everything from grains to natural fibers , vegetables to fruit juices — are expressing interest in becoming " fair - trade " certified .
They see great market potential in distinguishing their products from those not produced under stringent labor and environmental standards .
As domestic fair - trade certifications become more common , advocates hope consumers will demand the same standards from regional family farmers that they now expect from foreign goods .
" If consumers want the food system to become more ethical , they need to support the independents and the family farms , " Freeman said .
" Eventually the big companies will have no choice but to follow . "
Surely they would n’t let money cloud their judgment , would they ?
More than half of the federal judges in districts where the bulk of Gulf oil spill - related lawsuits are pending have financial connections to the oil and gas industry , complicating the task of finding judges without conflicts to hear the cases , an Associated Press analysis of judicial financial disclosure reports shows .
Thirty - seven of the 64 active or senior judges in key Gulf Coast districts in Louisiana , Texas , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida have links to oil , gas and related energy industries , including some who own stocks or bonds in BP PLC , Halliburton or Transocean — and others who regularly list receiving royalties from oil and gas production wells , according to the reports judges must file each year .
The AP reviewed 2008 disclosure forms , the most recent available .
On May 21 , 22 - year - old Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning initiated a series of online chats with former hacker Adrian Lamo after a story on Lamo was published at Wired.com .
The chats continued over several days , during which Manning claimed that he was responsible for leaking classified material to the whistleblower site Wikileaks .
Lamo tipped off the FBI and the Army about Manning 's claims , and on May 26 , Manning was seized by Army authorities and put into pre-trial detention in Kuwait .
He remains in Kuwait while the Army Criminal Investigation Division and other agencies investigate whether he leaked classified information and determine if he should be charged with any crime .
Below are excerpts from the chat logs , which Lamo provided to Wired.com .
As received by Wired , the logs contained timestamps but not dates , so the dates below are approximate .
We have substituted the instant messenger screen names with real names .
The excerpts represent about 25 percent of the logs .
Portions of the chats that discuss deeply personal information about Manning or that reveal apparently sensitive military information are not included .
May 21
This initial , brief chat with Lamo occurred after Manning had already sent the ex-hacker an e-mail .
Manning very quickly identified his job in the military and his access to classified documents .
( 1:41:12 PM ) Bradley Manning : hi
( 1:44:04 PM ) Manning : how are you ?
( 1:47:01 PM ) Manning : im an army intelligence analyst , deployed to eastern baghdad , pending discharge for " adjustment disorder " [. . .]
( 1:56:24 PM ) Manning : im sure you 're pretty busy ...
( 1:58:31 PM ) Manning : if you had unprecedented access to classified networks 14 hours a day 7 days a week for 8 + months , what would you do ?
( 1:58:31 PM ) Adrian Lamo [ AUTO - REPLY ] :
Tired of being tired
( 2:17:29 PM ) Manning : ?
( 6:07:29 PM ) Lamo :
What 's your MOS ?
( 3:16:24 AM ) Manning : re : " What 's your MOS ? " – Intelligence Analyst ( 35 F )
May 22
Manning told Lamo that he had provided Wikileaks with 260,000 classified State Department diplomatic cables .
Lamo asked him for details on what scandals the cables might expose .
Manning did n't provide a lot of detail , but he pointed to one cable ( a " test " ) that Wikileaks already published .
He did n't elaborate on what he meant by " test . "
( 1:39:03 PM ) Manning : i cant believe what im confessing to you :'(
( 1:40:20 PM ) Manning : ive been so isolated so long ... i just wanted to be nice , and live a normal life ... but events kept forcing me to figure out ways to survive ... smart enough to know whats going on , but helpless to do anything ... no - one took any notice of me
( 1:40:43 PM ) Manning : :'(
( 1:43:51 PM ) Lamo : back
( 1:43:59 PM ) Manning : im self medicating like crazy when im not toiling in the supply office ( my new location , since im being discharged , im not offically intel anymore )
( 1:44:11 PM ) Manning : you missed a lot ...
( 1:45:00 PM ) Lamo : what kind of scandal ?
( 1:45:16 PM ) Manning : hundreds of them
( 1:45:40 PM ) Lamo : like what ?
I 'm genuinely curious about details .
( 1:46:01 PM ) Manning : i dont know ... theres so many ... i dont have the original material anymore
( 1:46:18 PM ) Manning : uhmm ... the Holy See and its position on the Vatican sex scandals
( 1:46:26 PM ) Lamo : play it by ear
( 1:46:29 PM ) Manning : the broiling one in Germany
( 1:47:36 PM ) Manning : im sorry , there 's so many ... its impossible for any one human to read all quarter - million ... and not feel overwhelmed ... and possibly desensitized
( 1:48:20 PM ) Manning : the scope is so broad ... and yet the depth so rich
( 1:48:50 PM ) Lamo : give me some bona fides ... yanno ?
any specifics .
( 1:49:40 PM ) Manning : this one was a test : Classified cable from US Embassy Reykjavik on Icesave dated 13 Jan 2010
( 1:50:30 PM ) Manning : the result of that one was that the icelandic ambassador to the US was recalled , and fired
( 1:51:02 PM ) Manning : thats just one cable ...
( 1:51:14 PM ) Lamo : Anything unreleased ?
( 1:51:25 PM ) Manning : i'd have to ask assange
( 1:51:53 PM ) Manning : i zerofilled the original
( 1:51:54 PM ) Lamo : why do you answer to him ?
( 1:52:29 PM ) Manning : i dont ... i just want the material out there ... i dont want to be a part of it
In this chat , Manning discussed his role as a source for Wikileaks and his interactions with its enigmatic founder , Julian Assange .
He also talked about two videos he claimed he provided Wikileaks – one of an airstrike in Iraq in 2007 , which he said he gave Wikileaks in February and which Wikileaks said it spent three months decrypting before publishing it this last April ; and another video taken during an air strike in Afghanistan in 2009 , which Wikileaks has acknowledged it possesses but has not yet published .
( 2:04:29 PM ) Manning : im a source , not quite a volunteer
( 2:05:38 PM ) Manning : i mean , im a high profile source ... and i've developed a relationship with assange ... but i dont know much more than what he tells me , which is very little
( 2:05:58 PM ) Manning : it took me four months to confirm that the person i was communicating was in fact assange
( 2:10:01 PM ) Lamo : how'd you do that ?
( 2:12:45 PM ) Manning : I gathered more info when i questioned him whenever he was being tailed in Sweden by State Department officials ...
i was trying to figure out who was following him ... and why ... and he was telling me stories of other times he 's been followed ... and they matched up with the ones he 's said publicly
( 2:14:28 PM ) Lamo : did that bear out ?
the surveillance ?
( 2:14:46 PM ) Manning : based on the description he gave me , I assessed it was the Northern Europe Diplomatic Security Team ... trying to figure out how he got the Reykjavik cable ...
( 2:15:57 PM ) Manning : they also caught wind that he had a video ... of the Gharani airstrike in afghanistan , which he has , but has n't decrypted yet ... the production team was actually working on the Baghdad strike though , which was never really encrypted
( 2:16:22 PM ) Manning : he 's got the whole 15 - 6 for that incident ... so it wont just be video with no context
( 2:16:55 PM ) Manning : but its not nearly as damning ... it was an awful incident , but nothing like the baghdad one
( 2:17:59 PM ) Manning : the investigating officers left the material unprotected , sitting in a directory on a centcom.smil.mil
( 2:18:03 PM ) Manning : server
( 2:18:56 PM ) Manning : but they did zip up the files , aes - 256 , with an excellent password ... so afaik it has n't been broken yet
( 2:19:12 PM ) Manning : 14 + chars ...
( 2:19:37 PM ) Manning : i can't believe what im telling you =L
May 23
( 7:19:12 AM ) Lamo : hey you
( 7:19:19 AM ) Lamo : resend ?
( 7:19:19 AM ) Manning : whats up ?
( 7:19:29 AM ) Manning : i just said hello
( 7:19:46 AM ) Lamo : waking up .
got up about an hour ago , 0615 .
( 7:20:10 AM ) Manning : heh , the evening is still young here
( 7:20:26 AM ) Lamo : how 're you feeling today ?
( 7:20:37 AM ) Manning : im feeling a little better ...
( 7:20:52 AM ) Manning : i had a lot on my mind , keeping to myself
( 7:22:18 AM ) Lamo : anything new & exciting ?
( 7:24:21 AM ) Manning : no , was outside in the sun all day ... 110 degrees F , doing various details for a visiting band and some college team 's cheerleaders ...
( 7:24:43 AM ) Lamo : cheerleaders .
( 7:24:46 AM ) Manning : ran a barbecue ... but no - one showed up ... threw a lot of food away
( 7:25:20 AM ) Manning : yes , football cheerleaders ... visiting on off season ... apart of Morale Welfare and Recreation ( MWR ) projects
( 7:25:39 AM ) Lamo : * sigh *
( 7:26:01 AM ) Manning : > shrug <
( 7:26:37 AM ) Manning : im sunburned ... and smell like charcoal , sweat , and sunscreen ... thats about all thats new
( 7:26:47 AM ) Lamo :
Is there a Baghdad 2600 meeting ? ;>
( 7:28:04 AM ) Manning : there 's only one other person im aware of that actually knows anything about computer security ... he 's a SIGINT analyst , of course
( 7:28:41 AM ) Lamo :
Is he the other one who pokes around t he network ?
( 7:29:26 AM ) Manning : no ... afaik , he does n't play around with classified networks ... but im sure he 's capable
( 7:30:09 AM ) Lamo : then it stands to reason that you have at least 3 people who have some infosec knowledge
( 7:31:15 AM ) Manning : im not quite sure what you 're saying
( 7:31:23 AM ) Manning : infosec knowledge of what ?
( 7:31:29 AM ) Manning : the networks ?
( 7:32:13 AM ) Manning : i know a lot of computer security people
( 7:32:44 AM ) Lamo : i mean , in a way that would lend itself to a meeting .
( 7:33:33 AM ) Lamo : i'm writing a message trying to tie meetings together globally with a sampling of only ~3000 people to work with and get to go out and evangelize , so i have it on the brain
( 7:33:50 AM ) Manning : not really ... different types of people ... know how to , but dont
( 7:34:33 AM ) Manning : you do n't want these people having a meeting
( 7:34:48 AM ) Manning : though ... i guess you do
( 8:01:30 AM ) Lamo : Does Assange use AIM or other messaging services ?
I 'd like to chat with him one of these days about opsec .
My only credentials beyond intrusion are that the FBI never got my data or found me , before my negotiated surrender , but that 's something .
( 8:01:53 AM ) Lamo :
And my data was never recovered .
( 8:02:07 AM ) Manning : no he does not use AIM
( 8:02:37 AM ) Lamo :
How would I get ahold of him ?
( 8:02:59 AM ) Manning : he would come to you
( 8:03:26 AM ) Lamo : I 've never failed to get ahold of someone .
( 8:03:29 AM ) Manning : he does use OTR though ... but discusses nothing OPSEC
( 8:03:42 AM ) Lamo : I cornered Ashcroft IRL , in the end .
( 8:04:19 AM ) Manning : he * might * use the ccc.de jabber server ... but you did n't hear that from me
( 8:04:33 AM ) Lamo : gotcha
( 8:06:00 AM ) Manning : im going to grab some dinner , ttyl
( 8:06:18 AM ) Lamo : http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=31130826&id=704990
( 8:06:47 AM ) Lamo : i did n't pass security , either .
or rather , i did ;>
( 8:06:52 AM ) Lamo : enjoy dinner .
( 8:06:55 AM ) Lamo : twys .
( 9:12:38 AM ) Manning : bk
( 9:22:54 AM ) Manning : interesting ... marine uniform ... illegal , but certainly easy
( 9:24:11 AM ) Manning : why ashcroft ?
( 9:24:24 AM ) Manning : oh , nevermind ...
DoJ
( 9:24:29 AM ) Manning : > yawn <
( 9:26:52 AM ) Manning : im really not familiar at all with FBI stuff
( 9:27:04 AM ) Manning : americans have so many more rights than non-americans
( 9:31:42 AM ) Manning : its awful
( 9:46:11 AM ) Lamo : Ashcroft´s DOJ tried to use the USA PATRIOT Act on me .
( 10:06:24 AM ) Lamo : around ?
( 10:12:34 AM ) Manning : yeah
( 10:12:57 AM ) Lamo : are you baptist by any chance ?
( 10:13:34 AM ) Manning : raised catholic ... never believed a word of it
( 10:13:59 AM ) Manning : im godless ... i guess i follow humanist values though
( 10:14:15 AM ) Manning : have custom dogtags that say " Humanist " [...]
( 10:17:56 AM ) Manning : i was the only non-religous person in town
( 10:18:17 AM ) Manning : more pews than people ...
( 10:18:37 AM ) Manning : i understand them though
( 10:18:53 AM ) Manning : im not mean to them ... they * really * do n't know
( 10:19:39 AM ) Manning : i politely disagree ... but they are the ones who get uncomfortable when i make , very politely , good leading points ...
( 10:20:48 AM ) Manning : ( by leading points , i mean ask multiple questions , with obvious answers , then ask a question based on the answers from the previous questions that challenges their normal response to the same question )
( 10:21:26 AM ) Manning : [ excellent example of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yhN1IDLQjo]
( 10:28:21 AM ) Manning : new yorker is running 10 k word article on wl.org on 30 may , btw
( 10:33:07 AM ) Lamo : one moment fone
( 10:33:30 AM ) Manning : ( tracking device )
( 10:37:28 AM ) Manning : trust level increasing ?
[ quantify ]
May 25
Lamo asked Manning if he was concerned that the Army 's Criminal Investigation Division might be investigating the Wikileaks investigation .
Manning replied that any incriminating evidence of his activities had been erased ( " zerofilled " ) from his computers .
He also discussed the Iraq video he gave Wikileaks and how he felt connected to Army Specialist Ethan McCord , who was pictured in the video carrying wounded children from a van .
Manning added McCord as a friend on Facebook after the video came out .
( 02:03:10 AM ) Manning : amazing how the world works
( 02:03:27 AM ) Manning : takes 6 degrees of separation to a whole new level
( 02:04:12 AM ) Lamo : hey , vacaville
( 02:04:18 AM ) Lamo : er
( 02:04:23 AM ) Lamo : vacaville
( 02:05:12 AM ) Manning : its almost bookworthy in itself , how this played
( 02:07:41 AM ) Manning : event occurs in 2007 , i watch video in 2009 with no context , do research , forward information to group of FOI activists , more research occurs , video is released in 2010 , those involved come forward to discuss event , i witness those involved coming forward to discuss publicly , even add them as friends on FB ... without them knowing who i am
__(02:08:37 AM )
Manning : __they touch my life , i touch their life , they touch my life again ... full circle
( 02:08:58 AM ) Lamo : Life 's funny .
( 02:09:24 AM ) Lamo : * random * are you concerned aboutCI / CID looking into your Wiki stuff ?
I was always paranoid .
( 02:09:40 AM ) Manning : CID has no open investigation
( 02:10:28 AM ) Manning : State Department will be uber - pissed ... but I dont think they 're capable of tracing everything ...
( 02:10:44 AM ) Lamo : what about CI ?
( 02:10:51 AM ) Manning : might be a congressional investigation , and a joint effort to figure out what happened
( 02:11:23 AM ) Manning : CI probably took note , but it had no effect on operations
( 02:11:48 AM ) Manning : so , it was publicly damaging , but did n't increase attacks or rhetoric ...
( 02:12:10 AM ) Lamo : * nod *
( 02:12:34 AM ) Manning : re : joint effort will be purely political , " fact finding " ... " how can we stop this from happening again "
( 02:12:46 AM ) Manning : regarding State Dept. cables
( 02:13:12 AM ) Lamo : Would the cables come from State ?
( 02:13:21 AM ) Manning : yes
( 02:13:25 AM ) Manning : State Department
( 02:13:29 AM ) Lamo : I was always a commercial intruder .
( 02:13:51 AM ) Lamo :
Why does your job afford you access ?
( 02:13:59 AM ) Lamo : except for the UN .
( 02:14:03 AM ) Manning : because i have a workstation
( 02:14:15 AM ) Lamo : and World Bank .
( 02:14:17 AM ) Manning : * had *
( 02:14:36 AM ) Lamo :
So you have these stored now ?
( 02:14:54 AM ) Manning : i had two computers ... one connected to SIPRNET the other to JWICS ...
( 02:15:07 AM ) Manning : no , they 're government laptops
( 02:15:18 AM ) Manning : they 've been zerofilled
( 02:15:22 AM ) Manning : because of the pullout
( 02:15:57 AM ) Manning : evidence was destroyed ... by the system itself
( 02:16:10 AM ) Lamo :
So how would you deploy the cables ?
If at all .
( 02:16:26 AM ) Manning : oh no ... cables are reports
( 02:16:34 AM ) Lamo : ah
( 02:16:38 AM ) Manning : State Department Cable = a Memorandum
( 02:16:48 AM ) Lamo : embassy cables ?
( 02:16:54 AM ) Manning : yes
( 02:17:00 AM ) Manning : 260,000 in all
( 02:17:10 AM ) Manning : i mentioned this previously
( 02:17:14 AM ) Lamo : yes
( 02:17:31 AM ) Lamo : stored locally , or retreiveable ?
( 02:17:35 AM ) Manning : brb latrine =P
( 02:17:43 AM ) Manning : i dont have a copy anymore
( 02:17:59 AM ) Lamo : * nod *
( 02:18:09 AM ) Manning : they were stored on a centralized server ...
( 02:18:34 AM ) Lamo : what 's your endgame plan , then ?
( 02:18:36 AM ) Manning : it was vulnerable as fuck
( 02:20:57 AM ) Manning : well , it was forwarded to WL
( 02:21:18 AM ) Manning : and god knows what happens now
( 02:22:27 AM ) Manning : hopefully worldwide discussion , debates , and reforms
( 02:23:06 AM ) Manning : if not ... than we 're doomed
( 02:23:18 AM ) Manning : as a species
( 02:24:13 AM ) Manning : i will officially give up on the society we have if nothing happens
( 02:24:58 AM ) Manning : the reaction to the video gave me immense hope ...
CNN's iReport was overwhelmed ...
Twitter exploded ...
( 02:25:18 AM ) Manning : people who saw , knew there was something wrong
( 02:26:10 AM ) Manning : Washington
Post sat on the video ...
David Finkel acquired a copy while embedded out here
( 02:26:36 AM ) Manning : [ also reason as to why there 's probably no investigation ]
( 02:28:10 AM ) Manning : i want people to see the truth ... regardless of who they are ... because without information , you cannot make informed decisions as a public
( 02:28:10 AM ) Lamo : I 'm not here right now
( 02:28:50 AM ) Manning : if i knew then , what i knew now ... kind of thing ...
( 02:29:31 AM ) Manning : or maybe im just young , naive , and stupid ...
( 02:30:09 AM ) Lamo : which do you think it is ?
( 02:30:29 AM ) Manning : im hoping for the former
( 02:30:53 AM ) Manning : it cant be the latter
( 02:31:06 AM ) Manning : because if it is ... were fucking screwed
( 02:31:12 AM ) Manning : ( as a society )
( 02:31:49 AM ) Manning : and i dont want to believe that we 're screwed
( 02:32:53 AM ) Manning : food time ... ttys
Manning discussed his growing disillusionment with the Army and U.S. foreign policy .
He also addressed the lack of security at the base that allowed him to siphon material from classified networks without being noticed and described methods for delivering data to Wikileaks .
He asserted that any incriminating evidence of his activity had already been " zeroed " out .
( 02:26:01 PM ) Manning : i dont believe in good guys versus bad guys anymore ... i only a plethora of states acting in self interest ... with varying ethics and moral standards of course , but self - interest nonetheless
( 02:26:18 PM ) Manning : s/only / only see /
( 02:26:47 PM ) Lamo : the tm meant i was being facetious
( 02:26:59 PM ) Manning : gotchya
( 02:27:47 PM ) Manning : i mean , we 're better in some respects ... we 're much more subtle ... use a lot more words and legal techniques to legitimize everything
( 02:28:00 PM ) Manning : its better than disappearing in the middle of the night
( 02:28:19 PM ) Manning : but just because something is more subtle , does n't make it right
( 02:29:04 PM ) Manning : i guess im too idealistic
( 02:31:02 PM ) Manning : i think the thing that got me the most ... that made me rethink the world more than anything
( 02:35:46 PM ) Manning : was watching 15 detainees taken by the Iraqi Federal Police ... for printing " anti-Iraqi literature " ... the iraqi federal police would n't cooperate with US forces , so i was instructed to investigate the matter , find out who the " bad guys " were , and how significant this was for the FPs ... it turned out , they had printed a scholarly critique against PM Maliki ...
i had an interpreter read it for me ... and when i found out that it was a benign political critique titled " Where did the money go ? " and following the corruption trail within the PM 's cabinet ...
i immediately took that information and * ran* to the officer to explain what was going on ... he did n't want to hear any of it ... he told me to shut up and explain how we could assist the FPs in finding * MORE * detainees ...
( 02:35:46 PM ) Lamo : I 'm not here right now
( 02:36:27 PM ) Manning : everything started slipping after that ... i saw things differently
( 02:37:37 PM ) Manning : i had always questioned the things worked , and investigated to find the truth ... but that was a point where i was a * part * of something ...
i was actively involved in something that i was completely against ...
( 02:38:12 PM ) Lamo : That could happen in Colombia .
( 02:38:21 PM ) Lamo : Different cultures , dude .
( 02:38:28 PM ) Lamo : Life is cheaper .
( 02:38:34 PM ) Manning : oh im quite aware
( 02:38:45 PM ) Lamo :
What would you do if your role /w Wikileaks seemed in danger of being blown ?
( 02:38:48 PM ) Manning : but i was a part of it ... and completely helpless ...
( 02:39:01 PM ) Lamo : sometimes we 're all helpless
( 02:39:34 PM ) Manning : try and figure out how i could get my side of the story out ... before everything was twisted around to make me look like Nidal Hassan
( 02:40:15 PM ) Manning : i dont think its going to happen
( 02:40:26 PM ) Manning : i mean , i was never noticed
( 02:41:10 PM ) Manning : regularly ignored ... except when i had something essential ... then it was back to " bring me coffee , then sweep the floor "
( 02:42:24 PM ) Manning : i never quite understood that
( 02:42:44 PM ) Manning : felt like i was an abused work horse ...
( 02:43:33 PM ) Manning : also , theres god awful accountability of IP addresses ...
( 02:44:47 PM ) Manning : the network was upgraded , and patched up so many times ... and systems would go down , logs would be lost ... and when moved or upgraded ... hard drives were zeroed
( 02:45:12 PM ) Manning : its impossible to trace much on these field networks ...
( 02:46:10 PM ) Manning : and who would honestly expect so much information to be exfiltrated from a field network ?
( 02:46:25 PM ) Lamo : I 'd be one paranoid boy in your shoes .
( 02:47:07 PM ) Manning : the CM video came from a server in our domain !
and not a single person noticed
( 02:47:21 PM ) Lamo : CM ?
( 02:48:17 PM ) Manning : Apache Weapons Team video of 12 JUL 07 airstrike on Reuters Journos ... some sketchy but fairly normal street - folk ... and civilians
( 02:48:52 PM ) Lamo :
How long between the leak and the publication ?
( 02:49:18 PM ) Manning : some time in february
( 02:49:25 PM ) Manning : it was uploaded
( 02:50:04 PM ) Lamo : uploaded where ?
how would i transmit something if i had similarly damning data
( 02:51:49 PM ) Manning : uhm ... preferably openssl the file with aes - 256 ... then use sftp at prearranged drop ip addresses
( 02:52:08 PM ) Manning : keeping the key separate ... and uploading via a different means
( 02:52:31 PM ) Lamo : so i myself would be SOL w/o a way to prearrange
( 02:54:33 PM ) Manning : not necessarily ... the HTTPS submission should suffice legally ... though i'd use tor on top of it ...
( 02:54:43 PM ) Manning : but you 're data is going to be watched
( 02:54:44 PM ) Manning : * your
( 02:54:49 PM ) Manning : by someone , more than likely
( 02:54:53 PM ) Lamo : submission where ?
( 02:55:07 PM ) Manning : wl.org submission system
( 02:55:23 PM ) Lamo : in the massive queue ?
( 02:55:54 PM ) Manning : lol , yeah , it IS pretty massive ...
( 02:55:56 PM ) Manning : buried
( 02:56:04 PM ) Manning : i see what you mean
( 02:56:35 PM ) Manning : long term sources do get preference ... i can see where the " unfairness " factor comes in
( 02:56:53 PM ) Lamo : how does that preference work ?
( 02:57:47 PM ) Manning : veracity ... the material is easy to verify ...
( 02:58:27 PM ) Manning : because they know a little bit more about the source than a purely anonymous one
( 02:59:04 PM ) Manning : and confirmation publicly from earlier material , would make them more likely to publish ... i guess ...
( 02:59:16 PM ) Manning : im not saying they do ... but i can see how that might develop
( 03:00:18 PM ) Manning : if two of the largest public relations " coups " have come from a single source ... for instance
( 03:02:03 PM ) Manning : you yeah ... purely * submitting * material is more likely to get overlooked without contacting them by other means and saying hey , check your submissions for x...
Manning described the first time he watched the Iraq video , after finding it in a network directory where an Army JAG officer left it .
He speculated that Washington Post writer and book author David Finkel already had a copy of the video when he wrote his book The Good Soldiers , published last year .
( Finkel addressed this issue recently . ) ( 03:07:26 PM ) Manning : i recognized the value of some things ...
( 03:07:33 PM ) Manning : knew what they meant ... dug deeper
( 03:07:53 PM ) Manning : i watched that video cold , for instance
( 03:10:32 PM ) Manning : at first glance ... it was just a bunch of guys getting shot up by a helicopter ... no big deal ... about two dozen more where that came from right ... but something struck me as odd with the van thing ... and also the fact it was being stored in a JAG officer 's directory ... so i looked into it ... eventually tracked down the date , and then the exact GPS co-ord ... and i was like ... ok , so thats what happened ... cool ... then i went to the regular internet ... and it was still on my mind ... so i typed into goog ... the date , and the location ... and then i see this http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/13/world/middleeast/13iraq.html
( 03:11:07 PM ) Manning : i kept that in my mind for weeks ... probably a month and a half ... before i forwarded it to [ Wikileaks ]
( 03:11:54 PM ) Manning : then there was the Finkel book
( 03:12:16 PM ) Manning : im almost certain he had a copy
Manning discussed how common and easy it was for soldiers to bring removable media into their work environment , making it easy for him , or anyone else , to siphon data from classified networks without raising suspicion .
( 01:52:30 PM ) Manning : funny thing is ... we transffered so much data on unmarked CDs ...
( 01:52:42 PM ) Manning : everyone did ... videos ... movies ... music
( 01:53:05 PM ) Manning : all out in the open
( 01:53:53 PM ) Manning : bringing CDs too and from the networks was / is a common phenomeon
( 01:54:14 PM ) Lamo : is that how you got the cables out ?
( 01:54:28 PM ) Manning : perhaps
( 01:54:42 PM ) Manning : i would come in with music on a CD -RW
( 01:55:21 PM ) Manning : labelled with something like " Lady Gaga " ... erase the music ... then write a compressed split file
( 01:55:46 PM ) Manning : no - one suspected a thing
( 01:55:48 PM ) Manning : =L kind of sad
( 01:56:04 PM ) Lamo : and odds are , they never will
( 01:56:07 PM ) Manning : i didnt even have to hide anything
( 01:56:36 PM ) Lamo : from a professional perspective , i'm curious how the server they were on was insecure
( 01:57:19 PM ) Manning : you had people working 14 hours a day ... every single day ... no weekends ... no recreation ...
( 01:57:27 PM ) Manning : people stopped caring after 3 weeks
( 01:57:44 PM ) Lamo : i mean , technically speaking
( 01:57:51 PM ) Lamo : or was it physical
( 01:57:52 PM ) Manning : > nod <
( 01:58:16 PM ) Manning : there was no physical security
( 01:58:18 PM ) Lamo : it was physical access , was n't it
( 01:58:20 PM ) Lamo : hah
( 01:58:33 PM ) Manning : it was there , but not really
( 01:58:51 PM ) Manning : 5 digit cipher lock ... but you could knock and the door ...
( 01:58:55 PM ) Manning : * on
( 01:59:15 PM ) Manning : weapons , but everyone has weapons
( 02:00:12 PM ) Manning : everyone just sat at their workstations ... watching music videos / car chases / buildings exploding ... and writing more stuff to CD / DVD ... the culture fed opportunities
( 02:01:44 PM ) Manning : hardest part is arguably internet access ... uploading any sensitive data over the open internet is a bad idea ... since networks are monitored for any insurgent / terrorist / militia / criminal types
( 02:01:52 PM ) Lamo : tor ?
( 02:02:13 PM ) Manning : tor + ssl + sftp
( 02:02:33 PM ) Lamo : * nod *
( 02:03:05 PM ) Lamo : not quite how i might do it , but good
( 02:03:22 PM ) Manning : i even asked the NSA guy if he could find any suspicious activity coming out of local networks ... he shrugged and said ... " its not a priority "
( 02:03:53 PM ) Manning : went back to watching " Eagle 's Eye "
( 02:12:23 PM ) Manning : so ... it was a massive data spillage ... facilitated by numerous factors ... both physically , technically , and culturally
( 02:13:02 PM ) Manning : : perfect example of how not to do INFOSEC
( 02:14:21 PM ) Manning : listened and lip- synced to Lady Gaga 's Telephone while exfiltratrating possibly the largest data spillage in american history
( 02:15:03 PM ) Manning : pretty simple , and unglamorous
( 02:16:37 PM ) Manning : * exfiltrating
( 02:17:56 PM ) Manning : weak servers , weak logging , weak physical security , weak counter - intelligence , inattentive signal analysis ... a perfect storm
( 02:19:03 PM ) Manning : > sigh <
( 02:19:19 PM ) Manning : sounds pretty bad huh ?
( 02:20:06 PM ) Lamo : kinda :x
( 02:20:25 PM ) Manning : :L
( 02:20:52 PM ) Lamo : i mean , for the .mil
( 02:21:08 PM ) Manning : well , it SHOULD be better
( 02:21:32 PM ) Manning : its sad
( 02:22:47 PM ) Manning : i mean what if i were someone more malicious
( 02:23:25 PM ) Manning : i could 've sold to russia or china , and made bank ?
( 02:23:36 PM ) Lamo : why did n't you ?
( 02:23:58 PM ) Manning : because it 's public data
( 02:24:15 PM ) Lamo : i mean , the cables
( 02:24:46 PM ) Manning : it belongs in the public domain
( 02:25:15 PM ) Manning : information should be free
( 02:25:39 PM ) Manning : it belongs in the public domain
( 02:26:18 PM ) Manning : because another state would just take advantage of the information ... try and get some edge
( 02:26:55 PM ) Manning : if its out in the open ... it should be a public good
( 02:27:04 PM ) Manning : * do the
( 02:27:23 PM ) Manning : rather than some slimy intel collector
( 02:29:18 PM ) Manning : im crazy like that - - - - - -
( 03:38:07 PM ) Manning : its not much of a pic , but here 's harry ponting http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3161/2814062024_c39d25f27d.jpg
the man who 's mission it is to sell the benefits of NCD throughout the State Department , Military , and IC
( 03:38:18 PM ) Manning : i feel terribly , terribly sorry for the guy :(
( 03:39:17 PM ) Manning : im not a bad person , i keep track of everything
( 03:39:30 PM ) Manning : i watch the whole thing unfold ... from a distance
( 03:40:07 PM ) Manning : i read what everyone says ... look at pictures ... keep tabs ... and feel for them
( 03:40:18 PM ) Manning : since im basically playing a vital role in their life
( 03:40:29 PM ) Manning : without ever meeting them
( 03:40:53 PM ) Manning : i was like that as an intelligence analyst as well
( 03:41:09 PM ) Lamo : i know the feeling , in a way .
( 03:41:44 PM ) Manning : most didnt care ... but i knew , i was playing a role in the lives of hundreds of people , without them knowing them ... but i cared , and kept track of some of the details , make sure everybody was okay
( 03:42:07 PM ) Manning : them knowing me
( 03:43:27 PM ) Manning : i dont think of myself as playing " god " or anything , because im not ... im just playing my role for the moment ... i dont control the way they react
( 03:44:15 PM ) Manning : there are far more people who do what i do , in state interest , on daily basis , and dont give a fuck
( 03:45:01 PM ) Manning : thats how i try to separate myself
( 03:45:13 PM ) Manning : from my ( former ) colleagues - - - - - -
Lamo asked what additional material Manning gave to Julian Assange at Wikileaks .
( 04:32:05 PM ) Manning : oh , the JTF GTMO papers ...
Assange has those too
( 04:32:16 PM ) Lamo : Read it .
( 04:33:21 PM ) Lamo :
Anything else interesting on his table , as a former collector of interesting .com info ?
( 04:33:44 PM ) Manning : idk ... i only know what i provide him xD
( 04:34:14 PM ) Lamo : what do you consider the highlights ?
( 04:35:31 PM ) Manning : The Gharani airstrike videos and full report , Iraq war event log , the " Gitmo Papers " , and State Department cable database
( 04:35:50 PM ) Lamo :
Not too shabby .
( 04:36:03 PM ) Manning : thats just me ....
( 04:36:26 PM ) Manning : idk about the rest ... he * hopefully * has more
( 04:42:16 PM ) Manning : im not sure whether i'd be considered a type of " hacker " , " cracker " , " hacktivist " , " leaker " or what ...
( 04:42:26 PM ) Manning : im just me ... really
( 04:44:21 PM ) Manning : starts off like every physics / astro class intro ... ever
( 04:44:21 PM ) Lamo : I 'm not here right now
( 04:44:45 PM ) Manning : albeit without the algebraic proofs
( 04:45:20 PM ) Lamo : or a spy :)
( 04:45:48 PM ) Manning : i could n't be a spy ...
( 04:45:59 PM ) Manning : spies dont post things up for the world to see
( 04:46:14 PM ) Lamo : Why ?
Wikileaks would be the perfect cover
( 04:46:23 PM ) Lamo :
They post what 's not useful
( 04:46:29 PM ) Lamo :
And keep the rest ( Image : Facebook.com )
A Galena Park animal control officer accused of shooting a puppy last February rather than taking it to the pound , pleaded guilty Tuesday to animal cruelty in exchange for three years probation .
Juan Enrique Hernandez , 40 , will not be allowed to own or work with animals for three years , Assistant Harris County District Attorney Belinda Smith said .
I admire what President Obama and his wife Michelle are doing for active duty troops and their families and the veterans and their families , they are far and above most Presidents and their First Ladies .
Senator Webb led the fight to get the New GI Bill passed thru the Senate to pave the way for new educational opportunities for this generations veterans , that equal what the veterans of WW2 era received fromthis nation to get them ready for life after their military service and which led in great part of the economic boon of the post war era , the educational opportunities led to doctors , engineers , entrepenuers , highly educated people that led to a upper middle class and a vew veterans that became rich , due to the opportunities they had from the GI Bill .
Soldiers and veterans gave up the normal college years to serve this nation during a time of 2 wars , it is the least we can do is to help them catch up to their peers who avoided military service .
This diary I wrote back in May 2010
one of the things that stuck in my mind about it was a Senate hearing when then Senator Obama told Chairman Larry Craig
" he would rather see one veteran get a check that he did not deserve rather than see one veteran denied the benefits he did deserve . "
It was back during a time when they the VA was doing a review of 2100 cases of PTSD claims that were considred fraudulent
In the case of the 2100 cases of PTSD review mentioned yes there were errors what the article ignored was the fact that the errors were not the veterans fault but rather the VA officer workers themselves , not properly documenting the veterans files , it does n't say the stressors ( incidents ) never happened just that the VA employees improperly documented them .
The case of the New Mexico veteran who killed themselves upon learning the review was taken to Congress by the New Mexican Congressman Udall not Senator Obama , now Senator Obama may have used it during the Senate VA Committee hearing to get then VA Chairman Larry Craig to bring an end to the witchhunt for fraud , there were many voices in Congress demanding that mentally ill veterans stop being the focus of the Bush Administrations attempt to cut the VA expenses .
The truth of the matter was that less than 2 % of the cases were fraud , the largest mistakes were made by VA Regional Office employees who had not documented the files properly .
A government program with less thn a 2 % fraud rate is usually considered a success , most normal fraud rates is in the 10 % range .
Medicaid , Medicare , military contracts , any programs available thru and handling federal funds is usually wide open for attempted theft and fraud .
Most fraud in the VA is doen by VA employees and contractors NOT by veterans filing claims .
President Obama 's saturday Address July 10 , 2010
Remarks of President Barack Obama
As Prepared for Delivery
Weekly Address
July 10 , 2010 Last weekend , on the Fourth of July , Michelle and I welcomed some of our extraordinary military men and women and their families to the White House .
They were just like the thousands of active duty personnel and veterans I ’ve met across this country and around the globe .
Proud .
Strong .
Determined .
Men and women with the courage to answer their country ’s call , and the character to serve the United States of America .
Because of that service ; because of the honor and heroism of our troops around the world ; our people are safer , our nation is more secure , and we are poised to end our combat mission in Iraq by the end of August , completing a drawdown of more than 90,000 troops since last January .
Still , we are a nation at war .
For the better part of a decade , our men and women in uniform have endured tour after tour in distant and dangerous places .
Many have risked their lives .
Many have given their lives .
And as a grateful nation , humbled by their service , we can never honor these American heroes or their families enough .
Just as we have a solemn responsibility to train and equip our troops before we send them into harm ’s way , we have a solemn responsibility to provide our veterans and wounded warriors with the care and benefits they ’ve earned when they come home .
That is our sacred trust with all who serve – and it does n’t end when their tour of duty does .
To keep that trust , we ’re building a 21st century VA , increasing its budget , and ensuring the steady stream of funding it needs to support medical care for our veterans .
To help our veterans and their families pursue a college education , we ’re funding and implementing the post - 9/11 GI Bill .
To deliver better care in more places , we ’re expanding and increasing VA health care , building new wounded warrior facilities , and adapting care to better meet the needs of female veterans .
To stand with those who sacrifice , we ’ve dedicated new support for wounded warriors and the caregivers who put their lives on hold for a loved one ’s long recovery .
And to do right by our vets , we ’re working to prevent and end veteran homelessness – because in the United States of America , no one who served in our uniform should sleep on our streets .
We also know that for many of today ’s troops and their families , the war does n’t end when they come home .
Too many suffer from the signature injuries of today ’s wars : Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury .
And too few receive the screening and treatment they need .
Now , in past wars , this was n’t something America always talked about .
And as a result , our troops and their families often felt stigmatized or embarrassed when it came to seeking help .
Today , we ’ve made it clear up and down the chain of command that folks should seek help if they need it .
In fact , we ’ve expanded mental health counseling and services for our vets .
But for years , many veterans with PTSD who have tried to seek benefits – veterans of today ’s wars and earlier wars – have often found themselves stymied .
They ’ve been required to produce evidence proving that a specific event caused their PTSD .
And that practice has kept the vast majority of those with PTSD who served in non -combat roles , but who still waged war , from getting the care they need .
Well , I do n’t think our troops on the battlefield should have to take notes to keep for a claims application .
And I ’ve met enough veterans to know that you do n’t have to engage in a firefight to endure the trauma of war .
So we ’re changing the way things are done .
On Monday , the Department of Veterans Affairs , led by Secretary Ric Shinseki , will begin making it easier for a veteran with PTSD to get the benefits he or she needs .
This is a long - overdue step that will help veterans not just of the Afghanistan and Iraq Wars , but generations of their brave predecessors who proudly served and sacrificed in all our wars .
It ’s a step that proves America will always be here for our veterans , just as they ’ve been there for us .
We wo n’t let them down .
We take care of our own .
And as long as I ’m Commander - in - Chief , that ’s what we ’re going to keep doing .
Thank you .
PS I was on the SyFy special last night with Lester Holt I think I had one 5 second spot and another 10 second spot I wonder what they did with the other 4 ours of tape rofl .......
I was one of the " military test subjects " at least they did n't make me appear to be a " tin foil hat type " I can be grateful for that
At least one of the eleven men that died in the initial explosion that triggered a disaster in the Gulf expressed concerns about safety practices on the oil rig .
Transocean toolpusher Jason Anderson told his wife , Shelly , that he was concerned about BP ’s safety practices on the rig .
Anderson was so worried about an accident that he spent his last trip home getting his affairs in order .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Everything seemed to be pressing to Jason about getting things in order .
In case something happened .
Teaching me how to do certain things on the motor home so that I could go and do things with the kids , make sure that I knew how to do everything , ” an emotional Shelly Anderson told NBC ’s Lisa Myers .
Her husband drew up a will and talked about his hopes for their daughter and son .
The last few times Jason called her from the rig he was was clearly worried .
“ They were getting pressure from someplace higher up to do things that maybe were n’t exactly the way Jason thought that they should be , ” she said .
“ It was a safety issue . ”
“ Jason ’s father told us Jason was concerned that BP , which controlled the rig , kept wanting to stray from procedures to finish the well faster , which Jason considered unsafe , ” Myers reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Transocean CEO sat in the Anderson kitchen and told Shelly how he would take care of her family .
But even before the memorial service could take place , Transocean went to court to limit their overall damages .
“ They have n’t even let us say good - bye to at least have closure for his memory a little bit , to have time to explain to a 5 - year - old that her daddy is in heaven .
They ’re filing these lawsuits to limit us .
They need to just slow down .
Back up , ” said Anderson .
This video is from NBC ’s Today Show , broadcast June 3 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
During the recent boarding of the flotilla , which was attempting to break the maritime closure of the Gaza strip , IDF troops encountered two violent activists brandishing pistols .
The violent activists took these pistols from IDF forces and apparently opened fire on the soldiers
________
Imagine if Edward Norton really could rage like the Hulk .
Let 's just say Marvel Studios would have plenty to fear .
The actor 's agent is fighting back after this weekend 's announcement that his client will not be reprising his role as the green - skinned musclehead for Joss Whedon 's upcoming superhero flick , The Avengers .
And , of course , the guessing game of who will land the role has already begun .
Marvel President of Production Kevin Feige said in a statement yesterday that the reason Norton was n't cast is not because of financial reasons , " but instead rooted in the need for an actor who embodies the creativity and collaborative spirit of our other talented cast members .
The Avengers demands players who thrive working as part of an ensemble . "
HitFix first reported Marvel 's decision not to go with Norton .
Blasting Feige 's statement as " unprofessional , disingenuous and clearly defamatory , " Norton 's agent Brian Swardstrom said the Oscar - nominee " was enthusiastic at the prospect of being a part of the ensemble .
" Marvel subsequently made him a financial offer to be in the film and both sides started negotiating in good faith , " he continued .
" This past Wednesday , after several weeks of civil , uncontentious discussions , but before we had come to terms on a deal , a representative from Marvel called to say they had decided to go in another direction with the part . "
Norton 's team assumed it was a " financial decision , " Swardstrom said , " but , whatever the case , it is completely their prerogative , and we accepted their decision with no hard feelings . "
Feige apparently called Swardstrom two months ago to say Marvel wanted Norton as Bruce Banner / The Hulk , even going so far as to say it was " his fantasy to bring Edward on stage with the rest of the cast at ComiCon and make it the event of the convention , " according to Swardstrom 's statement .
No word yet from Marvel , but if they 're still looking to make a splash with a Hulk announcement at ComiCon , they better act fast .
The geekapalooza festival kicks off in San Diego , California on July 22 .
Could Joaquin Phoenix be the one ?
Movie website Chud is reporting that the wacky actor has already been offered the part .
Reps for Marvel and Phoenix did not immediately comment .
( Originally published July 12 , 2010 , at 10:53 a.m. PT )
‘ Repeal , Baby , Repeal ’ : Schumer Calls For Repeal Of Liability Limits in Gulf Oil Spill
Posted in BP British Petroleum , Deepwater Horizon , Environment , Government , Gulf Coast , Louisiana Maritime News , Maritime Law , Transocean on June 1 , 2010
NEW YORK , N.Y. — U.S. Sen . Charles Schumer says he will introduce a bill to repeal a law that could allow the owner of the oil drilling rig that sank in the Gulf of Mexico to limit its liability for the disaster to $ 27 million .
Schumer called it “ outrageous ” that the company could “ get away with paying mere pennies of the total cost of clean - up ” of the massive oil spill in the Gulf .
Schumer says he will introduce the legislation Tuesday .
Transocean Ltd. , which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig , requested the limit in federal court under the 1851 Shipowner ’s Limitation of Liability Act .
The company , based in Switzerland , says it requested the limit to have all the lawsuits filed against it aggregated in one court .
Transocean has argued the limit will not affect any claims related to cleanup costs .
Source : The Canadian Press
Related story
Transocean Seeks to Limit Deepwater Horizon Liability to Under $ 27 M
Published by maritime lawyers Gordon , Elias & Seely , LLP
When Science Fiction Becomes Reality Rebuilding the Berlin Wall with Augmented Reality
A new augmented reality program recreates the Berlin Wall and provides renderings of the Cold War structure at the exact site where it used to exist using GPS coordinates .
The application is just one of many demonstrating the consumer application of technologies that , only a few years ago , were still the exclusive domain of science fiction novels .
An unnamed PKK leader has told a Turkish newspaper that Israeli soldiers have visited PKK training camps in the Kandil Mountains area to train members to use heavy weapons and bombs .
The unnamed man who defected from a Kurdish training camp said that Israeli officers have trained the PKK , a Kurdish separatist organization that has led an armed resistance against Turkey , for years .
He told the newspaper that the Mossad has long been present in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq , a relationship that dates back to 1967 to the time of Kurdish leader Mullah Mustafa Barzani who had a close relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Levi Eshkol .
Accusations of Israeli support of PKK have been on the rise in recent weeks .
Chairman of the ruling AKP party , Hüseyin Çelik , accused Israel of being behind the PKK bombing in İskenderun earlier this month which left seven Turkish soldiers killed .
" We do n't think it is a coincidence that our soldiers were killed and the attack aimed at Gaza occurred at the same time .
Whenever Turkey has a say in the international community , whenever we fly high , some circles take action to bring trouble to Turkey and disturb peace and calm .
These could be orchestrated international powers or their subcontractors in Turkey , " said Çelik .
Leader of the main opposition Republican People 's Party , Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu said , " Various circles have concerns over this issue .
Seven soldiers were killed .
This is something very important .
As the Israeli marines continue operations , such an attack took place in Turkey .
This is very intriguing . "
Peruvian drug dealers have found a novel use for the vuvuzela , the long , thin plastic horns whose buzzing blare has been the theme sound of the soccer World Cup - hiding their marijuana .
Two Peruvian women were arrested in front of a school in Lima on Tuesday for trying to sell 100 small bags of marijuana that they had stuffed into their plastic horns , police said .
Vuvuzelas have spread quickly and become standard fare at soccer matches and political rallies in Peru and many other countries .
Peru did not qualify for the cup being held in South Africa but its fans have noisily followed the games of other South American teams .
They are not exactly Cain and Abel , but theologically and philosophically Christopher and Peter Hitchens are just as divided as the brothers of the Old Testament .
Christopher Hitchens , 61 , author of the bestselling book " God is Not Great , " is one of the world 's best - known atheists .
Peter Hitchens , two years younger , is not as well - known , but he is also an author , and a devout member of the Church of England .
Estranged for years until very recently , the Hitchens brothers have just released books within days of each other .
Christopher 's book is his memoir , titled " Hitch 22 . "
Peter 's book , as well , is a memoir of sorts .
" The Rage Against God : How Atheism Led Me to Faith " chronicles his journey from radical atheist to faithful servant of God , and in so doing has put into written form his ongoing heated debate with his brother .
Peter says of Christopher , " He dislikes anybody believing in what he describes as the supernatural . "
Peter also has no illusions that his faith may have any profound influence on his brother .
" Part of my reasons for writing this book was not to get my brother to get to the altar , or to get him to be a Christian , which I think is a sort of a ridiculous and hopeless task certainly beyond me , " he writes .
" What I did want him to do was to stop the hostility and sneering that faith is possible . "
He continues with a more general critique of the " New Atheists , " chiding them for " [t ] he way in which they treat Christian believers as stupid , and belief as a form of stupidity and their unwillingness to accept that other people might have come to a different conclusion from them , through intelligence and reason . "
Christopher had intended to be interviewed for this article , but he cancelled at the last minute because of an emergency .
But he said in a 2008 debate with his brother that " I think there 's no reason to believe in the absurd proposition , " meaning belief in God .
" It 's a totalitarian belief , " Christopher said .
" It is the wish to be a slave . "
How brothers raised in the same household could have such disparate worldviews on faith puzzles even Peter .
He and Christopher are intellectual equals , possessed of the same gift of glib wordplay , which makes their debates entertaining , at least .
But one event that Christopher writes about in his memoir had a profound effect on him : their mother 's suicide in 1973 in a hotel room in Athens .
Peter wo n't speculate much about how that may have affected his brother , saying , " I made the decision not to talk about that in detail . "
But he does say that " one of the major differences is that he went to Athens where it took place , where I stayed home with my father .
Therefore he saw in detail what happened in a way that I did n't .
" He told me details later .
But that must have had a much greater effect .
The far deeper impact in talking to the police and coroners about what they found and hearing it first hand must have a terrible impact .
The death of a parent is an enormous thing .
It has to have a huge effect on you . "
Peter wo n't say what brought Christopher to such a ravenous contempt for belief in a supreme being .
But he says his own atheism took the form of " a rambunctious , arrogant , annoying teenager who thought he knew everything . "
He says finding faith in the religion of his youth was a slow process befitting an Englishman 's reserve .
There were no " aha ! " moments , no pious revelations .
Just the end of a long , rational road that refused to yield what he had believed it would .
" What happened to me was that I got there , I thought it was the final station and I discovered that it was n't , " he says .
Peter says that when he took atheism to its logical conclusion , he found that " what was at the end of the tunnel was so unattractive that it seemed to me to be right to consider everything . "
And " everything , " he says , meant a return to where he started -- to his childhood , to Christianity , to what he had been brought up to believe .
Why Christopher did n't make the same journey is for him alone to say .
His animosity toward anything religious is well documented in his books and speeches .
Does Peter hope or pray for his brother ?
" Believing what I believe and thinking what I think , " he says , " it would be wrong of me not to hope .
" I think anything is possible .
But it 's not for me to speculate . "
TROND GISKE : Avviser ikke å kjøpe Rec-aksjer .
Vis mer byoutline Montasje
Kommentar
Vil Giske kjøpe Rec ?
Fri og bevare oss for at staten skal redde REC - aksjonærene .
Men helt usannsynlig er det ikke .
Dessverre .
Elin Ørjasæter Elin Ørjasæter var frem til juni 2012 konsulent i PR - og informasjonsbyrået Burson - Marsteller .
Hun er tidligere E24 - kommentator , og jobber nå som foredragsholder og forfatter .
Hun har tidligere vært personaldirektør , hodejeger og forhandler i fagforening .
« Lederboka , hodejegerens beste tips » og den humoristiske selvbiografien « Det glade vanvidd » er to av hennes bøker .
Født : 25 . februar 1962 Avhengig av : Kaffe og Twitter .
Drømmebil : Mini Roadster cabriolet .
Angrer på :
At jeg jobbet så mye da barna var små .
Favorittartist : Willie Nelson , Phil Ochs og Johnny Cash .
Beste bok : « Borgerkrigen » av Hans Magnus Enzensberger .
En dystopi som kom ut på 80 - tallet og forandret mitt syn på verden .
Både borgerkrigene i Afrika , 11 . september og 22 .
juli kan sees som en bekreftelse på bokas dystre profetier .
Publisert : Oppdatert : 8 . juli 2010 15:36 Publisert : 8 . juli 2010 14:32
Giske går på makt som en bil går på bensin , skrev jeg da Giske overtok næringsdepartementet .
Giskes personlighet spesielt og de rødgrønnes klokkertro på statlig eierskap generelt kan bli en farlig miks .
Da Stein Erik Hagen antydet salg av Orklas aksjepost i REC våknet SV og AP på Stortinget .
Staten må inn !
Les saken om sentrale AP - og SV - ere som vil ha staten inn på eiersiden i Rec .
Norge har en lang tradisjon for statlig eierskap .
Av de de ti største selskapene på Oslo Børs har seks av dem en stor statlig eierandel .
Det er DnB Nor , Statoil , Telenor , Yara , Hydro og Aker Solutions .
Man skulle tro at ett konkursbo er nok i den statlige porteføljen : Vi har jo SAS .
Men Aps og SVs næringspolitiske talsmenn er opptatt av Rec- arbeidsplassene på Hærøya og i Glomfjord , de er begge tilknyttet disse distriktene .
Solcelle - aksjen Rec har hatt Norges - historiens mest spektakulære børsfall .
Titusenvis av aksjonærer er desperate etter å bli kvitt den før de går på ytterligere tap .
Analytikerne på sin side forsøker fortsatt å snakke aksjen opp , men det er jo jobben deres .
Å smiske med Giske blir det mest lønnsomme en kapitalist kan drive med .
" Jeg synes det er en spennende tanke å åpne for å selge seg ned noen steder , for å kunne kjøpe seg inn i noe nytt , " sa Giske til VG i går .
Og videre : " I forhold til å utvikle industriproduksjon og arbeidsplasser i Norge , kan Rec være interessant . "
Aksjen har ligget nesten stille etter denne nyheten , heldigvis .
Markedet tror kanskje verken noe særlig på at Hagen vil selge eller at Giske vil kjøpe .
Men det er lett å undervurdere Giske .
Riktignok pleier ikke Nærings - og handelsdepartementet å kjøpe etter innfallsmetoden ( med stort og illevarslende unntak av Aker i 2007 ) .
Men det kan komme til å bli endret .
Giske snudde opp ned på Kulturdepartementet da han var statsråd der .
Han vører ingenting , hvis han virkelig vil noe .
Les Ørjasæter om Giske som kulturminister og næringsminister her .
" I øyeblikket er ikke Nærings - og handelsdepartementet organisert på en slik måte at vi kan gjøre slike vurderinger av enkeltselskaper , " sa Giske til VG .
Så derfor lover han å " tenke nytt " i den nye eierskapsmeldingen som er under arbeid .
Hvis Giske omgjør dette departementet til et investeringsfond etter innfallsmetoden går skattebetalerne en mørk tid i møte .
Og de kapitalistene som har aksjer å bli kvitt , får en ny stor , ny potensiell kunde .
Er det mulig ?
Er det virkelig mulig at Giske vil endre statens eierstrategi for å kunne være storkar i aksjemarkedet og tilfredsstille stadig nye velgergrupper med egne arbeidsplasser å forsvare ?
Den nye eierskapsmeldiingen blir mer spennende enn godt er .
Følg Ørjasæter på Facebook eller på Twitter som @orjas
Her kan du lese mer om E24
Thousands of Christians from across the United States descended on Capitol Hill on Thursday in order to lobby Washington lawmakers on behalf of Israel .
Organizers of the event , called Christians United for Israel , showed their strength by lobbying over 85 percent U.S. Congress offices .
Open gallery view Delegates at the Christians United for Israel conference , Washington June 21 , 2010 .
Credit : Haaretz
Attendees of this year 's gathering are visibly different from those in the past : about one in five of the 5,000 participants was from a Hispanic Church .
Last year we had about 300 Hispanics , but this year we started specific outreach to the Hispanic churches where Spanish is a language of worship , says David Brog , the executive director of CUFI .
We have started an outreach to African - Americans .
It was always our goal to broaden our base ethnically , geographically and theologically .
Yet despite the attempt to reach out to traditionally left - leaning minority groups , Democrats are few and far between at the conference .
We are determined to be bipartisan , we always invite Democrats but typically we get better answers from the Republicans , says Brog .
Democrats ' reluctance might have something to do with CUFI 's relations with activists on the right wing of Israeli politics .
In May , CUFI leader Pastor John Hagee wrote in an op -ed in The Forward newspaper that we will never , never oppose Israeli efforts to advance peace " .
Yet Hagee has courted controversy with by offering financial backing to some settler organizations .
Pastor Hagee gives away a lot of money each year , " says Brog .
" Last year he gave away approximately 10 million dollars and over 95 percent of it went to charities within the green line .
About 5 percent went to humanitarian projects over the green line .
Almost all of it went to the areas that will be within the Israeli state following the agreement .
With limited exceptions he hasnt been a really big supporter of settlements .
It has not been a focus of his giving and it certainly hasnt been the focus of his advocacy . "
CUFI stands for supporting an Israeli democratically elected government , he said .
I noted from the audience that a large majority at the Capitol Hill supports a two - state solution .
There is no need to get into an argument about it , thats not our point . "
Another controversial issue has involved CUFI 's support for the Im Tirtzu group , which has launched high - profile attacks on the New Israel Fund , another charity that backs a range of organizations on the liberal - left , including Breaking the Silence and B'Tselem .
Pastor Hagee has a panel advising him whom to fund , which consists of three Jewish friends of his .
If you want to blame anyone for Im Tirtzu , blame us , said Brog .
Pastor John Hagee had never heard of Im Tirtzu .
I met the Im Tirtzu guys and they told us how they are trying to teach Zionism in college campuses .
We were impressed and they got some funding .
The decision has not been made yet about this year , but the entire issue will be revisited in light of their emphasis last year .
But whatever the case , CUFI remains capable of provoking anger among its opponents .
Outside the conference hall , a small group of protesters gathered outside the conference center , some of them from the pacifistic anti-settlement group " Code Pink " and some with posters calling Israel Satan and Pastor Hagee a Zionist murderer .
One conference participant grew visibly upset , approaching several protesters and hitting their posters with his bag
" I was not even talking to him , I was giving an interview to a journalist , and this guy was coming by and swung his bag at me and then he comes to other participants and swung it at them as well , " said a protester with the " Code Pink " group , Medea Benjamin , who intends to complain to the police about the incident .
The delegate who assaulted the protesters was quickly taken inside , where Pastor Hagee used his speech to slam left - wing critics of Israel , such as former U.S. president Jimmy Carter , who he said " should be ashamed " .
I dont know who this gentleman is .
Like any conference , we havent screened people , we dont know them , " Brog said of the incident .
" I dont know if this man was Jewish or Christian , but obviously its not a very Christian response . "
The scuffle was just another more sign - if any were neede that one Christian response Israel can always count on is backing from U.S. Evangelicals .
Harry Truman , who recognized Israel 11 minutes after its creation , was a member of the evangelical group American Christians for Israel , " Israel 's ambassador , Michael Oren , told delegates .
Sixty - two years on , it seems Israeli governments on both sides of the poltical divide have done nothing to diminish that support .
Apple has sold more than 2 million iPads , but there may be an opening for rivals should they get their device act together , according to a Retrevo study .
Retrevo polled more than 1,000 people about the iPad ahead of Apple 's WWDC powwow .
In short , the findings go something like this :
52 percent of those surveyed said they do n't need an iPad ;
38 percent of folks say the iPad is too expensive ;
10 percent are looking for a good excuse to buy one .
Then Retrevo asked about Android tablets .
53 percent say they'd get an Android - based tablet if it were cheaper than an iPad ;
33 percent would get and Android tablet if Verizon were the carrier ;
28 percent say they'd get an Android tablet if it were discounted as part of a subscription service .
This study gets to that iPad first mover thing I 've been harping on .
Apple is strong out of the gate with the iPad , but it 's unclear how long it will take Android - based tablets to catch up on functionality .
Thus far , I have n't seen any so - called iPad killer that could really give Apple a run .
The longer it takes for a credible competitor to emerge , the more runway Apple has .
Apple may not get an iPhone - ish lead on rivals , but the Android army can't take its time either .
Judging from Retrevo's results , price will be a differentiator .
However , Apple never competes on price --- although pricing is going to be competitive --- so a bunch of cheap tablets are n’t going to derail the iPad .
Things will get interesting if a Droid tablet subsidized by Verizon Wireless hits the market though .
Related :
As The Twilight Saga : Eclipse hit theaters this week , fans and critics alike anticipated a film packed with both more action and more romance , and they were n’t disappointed .
But feminist critics ought to be , as Bella ( Kristen Stewart ) continues to be less a person than a puppet , a character who is pulled from scene to scene , rarely making a move except at someone else ’s suggestion or desire .
She is not a contributor to the action sequences and is a prize , not a participant , in the love - triangle romance around which the series revolves .
When all is said and done , Bella is n’t much of a hero .
As I pointed out in the Spring 2009 issue of Ms. , Twilight saga author Stephanie Meyer wrote on her website that she sees Bella as a feminist character because , for Meyer , the foundation of feminism is being able to choose .
But if this is the criterion , there is still little to indicate in Eclipse that Bella is much of a feminist .
Bella makes few choices .
She allows others to manipulate her throughout much of the film and , when finally confronted with making one very important choice , she insists that even this decision has been preordained , manipulated by forces outside her control .
The film centers on the life - altering ( or ending ) decision Bella must make–choosing between chivalrous , reserved vampire Edward ( Robert Pattinson ) and hot - blooded , muscular werewolf Jacob ( Taylor Lautner ) .
If looked at from a less romantic perspective , one might suggest she take a breath and reconsider making any choice at all .
The fact is , both men show signs of becoming potentially abusive partners .
For example , only moments into the movie , Edward disables Bella ’s truck in order to keep her from visiting Jacob ( a trip endorsed by her father , the local sheriff ) , because he feels it is “ too dangerous ” for her .
Later , in another attempt to “ keep her safe ” from some impending danger , he whisks her off for an impromptu visit to see her mother , never giving her the whole story nor giving her the opportunity to make her own decision about whether to stay and face what is coming or to move out of harm ’s way .
Jacob is no better .
Not only does he insist that he knows Bella ’s heart and mind better than she does with an ongoing “ you love me , you just do n’t know it yet ” routine , he goes so far as to force himself on her , kissing her even as she resists him .
As noted in my Ms. New Moon review , it is n’t as if these two have n’t gotten physically close , and it ’s obvious that Bella sends mixed signals , but by now everyone on the planet knows that no means no .
Like Edward , Jacob is n’t offering Bella the chance to make her own decisions so much as he is trying to force his desires on her .
For her part in this whole three - way “ romance , ” Bella seems content to dither about , playing with both men ’s hearts .
She accepts Edward ’s marriage proposal one evening , only to passionately kiss Jacob the next morning in order to ease the pain he feels upon finding out about it .
This is n’t an empowered , “ choosing ” moment for Bella ; she kisses him because she ca n’t think of anything else to do .
Finally , near the end of the film , Bella must choose between her two suitors .
And yet when this big , empowering moment arrives , Bella offers an explanation for her choice that lets her off the hook .
Melissa Rosenberg ’s script does n’t have Bella spell things out quite as clearly as Meyer ’s narration in the book .
Here we have Bella talking in circles about her love for Jacob and what might have been .
In the book , Meyer makes it clear that Bella places the blame for her choice on something outside her control .
Bella is the narrator in the Eclipse novel , and she says , “ If the world was the sane place it was supposed to be , Jacob and I would have been together .
And we would have been happy .
He was my soul mate in that world –would have been my soul mate still if his claim had not been overshadowed by something stronger , something so strong that it could not exist in a rational world ” ( 599 ) .
It ’s hard to hurt one person by choosing another , and by placing the blame for choosing Edward over Jacob on the insane , irrational world in which she lives instead of on her own needs and desires , Bella abdicates responsibility for that choice , making it no choice at all .
If the foundation of feminism is being able to choose , as Meyer insists , and one chooses not to choose , then what sort of feminism is that ?
It may seem romantic to be swept away by forces outside your control , but it ’s not empowering .
One wishes Bella would take control of her life rather than let others make decisions for her or act as if her destiny is preordained .
Of course , as anyone who has read the entire saga knows , Bella ’s character takes a dramatic turn in Breaking Dawn , the most controversial book in the series .
While she ’ll never be a feminist hero , and some of the choices she makes makes in Breaking Dawn stir up feminist debate , here , at last , Bella begins to be an active participant in her own life , instead of the passive recipient of others ’ well - meaning intentions .
That final book will be split into two films , the first of which is expected to be released in 2011 .
Photo courtesy of alfredituzz under Creative Commons 3.0 .
The Argentina coach Diego Maradona took a swipe at fellow greats Pelé and Michel Platini and also criticised the World Cup match ball at a press conference in South Africa .
Speaking before Thursday 's Group B match with South Korea in Johannesburg , Maradona rounded on Pelé , who has been quoted as saying that Maradona took the Argentina job only because he needed the money .
He said that Pelé should " go back to the museum " and claimed that Platini , the Uefa president , thinks he " is better than all the rest " .
Maradona also criticised Platini over reported negative comments by the Frenchman about the 1986 World Cup winner 's coaching ability : " Platini ?
I 'm not surprised , I 've always had a very distant relationship with him , it 's always just hello and goodbye , nothing more than that .
" We all know how the French are , and Platini is French , and he believes he is better than rest . "
The Jabulani ball also came under Maradona 's scrutiny after questions about the dearth of goals and lack of excitement in the World Cup so far .
" I 'm having a wonderful time , to me a World Cup is something that 's quite amazing .
I 'm not worried by the fact there are n't many goals , I 'm sure there will be goals , I 'm sure the players will see to that , " he said .
" Of course in the first matches you are more careful , perhaps more careful than you should be .
" And , of course , there 's the ball .
I do n't want to go into the ball again because everyone is talking about it , but it is important and it does play a part and I would ask Pelé and Platini to go out there and play with the ball and take a closer look at it to see if it's a good one or bad one , and to stop talking rubbish about me . "
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - U.S. authorities seized nine websites on Wednesday , accusing them of movie piracy by offering free access to movies such as “ Toy Story 3 ” .
Kevin Suh , vice president of content protection for the Motion Picture Association of America , a Hollywood trade group , called the action , “ Operation In Our Sites ” , the “ largest takedown of illegal movie and television websites in a single action by the federal government . ”
It involved U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and other law enforcement agencies , and came a week after the White House unveiled an enforcement plan for tackling theft of intellectual property .
Warrants were issued in Manhattan federal court to shut down seven websites : TVshack.net , Movies - Links.tv , FilesPump.com , Now -Movies.com , PlanetMoviez.com , ThePirateCity.org and ZML.com .
NinjaVideo.net and NinjaThis .net were also shut down in another action , but authorities declined to give the location because the investigation is ongoing .
“ If your business model is movie piracy , your story will not have a happy ending , ” Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , said in a statement .
Bharara said copyright infringement over the Internet costs the U.S. economy billions of dollars .
Suh said past crackdowns have focused on the sale of pirated content , such as DVDs copied illegally .
This latest action marks a move to target websites that offer pirated content for free and make money by selling advertising or seeking donations .
“ Their ( the federal government ’s ) shift in focus toward this kind of enforcement is extremely positive , ” Suh said .
TVshack.net showed an image for the Disney / Pixar movie “ Toy Story 3 , ” which is in its second week in theaters , with the words “ Watch now . ”
Other websites targeted in the action had links to such films as “ Knight and Day , ” “ Jonah Hex ” and “ Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , ” which are all playing in theaters .
The U.S. Attorney for the Southern District said in a statement that Movies - Links .
TV had about 3.3 million visitors per month .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a statement that as part of the action , authorities had seized assets from 15 banks , the e-commerce service Paypal and from investment and advertising accounts , but it did not elaborate on the assets .
It also said that four residential search warrants had been carried out .
Pat Reilly , a spokeswoman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said authorities would replace content on the websites with a banner saying the destinations had been shut down .
Reilly said further actions were expected against the operators of the websites .
Authorities did not disclose the names of the operators of the websites .
London , England ( CNN ) -- BP said Sunday that embattled chief executive Tony Hayward was still on board despite widespread reports that he was on the verge of leaving the massive multinational oil company .
" Tony Hayward remains our chief executive and has the full support of the board and senior management , " company spokesman Mark Salt told CNN .
Hayward has been under fire over his handling of the underwater oil gusher in the Gulf of Mexico , the worst oil spill in U.S. history , and some of his public comments about the disaster have sparked outrage in the United States .
Hayward has been in the crosshairs of criticism since the BP - contracted drilling rig Deepwater Horizon exploded in the Gulf of Mexico in April , killing 11 people .
In May , in the course of apologizing for the spill , Hayward added , " There 's no one who wants this over more than I do .
I would like my life back . "
And he played down the size of the spill in an interview with the British newspaper The Guardian , saying the amount of oil spilled at that point was " relatively tiny " in comparison to the " very big ocean . "
He received a largely bipartisan pounding during an appearance before a congressional committee in June .
And when the committee 's leading Republican apologized to the BP boss for what he called the Obama administration 's " shakedown " of the company , swift criticism spurred him to walk back his remarks .
BP , rig owner Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster , which is under investigation by numerous federal agencies and Congress .
Questions also have been raised about whether BP was involved in a possible deal cut to release the Lockerbie bomber to protect British business interests in Libya .
Britain and Libya sparred over whether Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi should be included in a prisoner transfer agreement the two nations were negotiating .
British officials and BP said that the oil giant 's interests -- the company was seeking a huge deal to drill for oil in Libya -- were a consideration in those negotiations .
British media , The Wall Street Journal and The New York times reported Sunday that Hayward could be out as soon as Monday .
The BBC reported that Hayward is " negotiating the terms of his exit , with a formal announcement likely within 24 hours . "
It did not cite a source .
The New York Times reported late Sunday that BP 's board was expected to name its most senior American executive , Robert Dudley , as its chief executive on Monday , citing a source close to the board .
Hayward was pulled off day - to - day leadership of the cleanup operation in June in favor of Dudley .
British newspapers said an announcement regarding Hayward would come by Tuesday , when the company is due to report half - year results .
They also did not name sources , while the New York - based Journal cited " people familiar with the matter . "
BP has been working with federal and state authorities in the Gulf region since the spill began , but officials there professed little insight into the reports .
Retired Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , who is heading the federal government 's response to the spill , said he has no knowledge of the inner workings of BP or personnel decisions .
New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Mitch Landrieu noted that Hayward 's " initial foray " into the dealing with the now three - month - old spill " met with a negative response . "
But Landrieu added , " We welcome whatever leadership they have in place . "
" It 's not necessarily important who the person is , but with BP 's ultimate attitude in restoring the damage that they have caused , " Landrieu told reporters after an aerial tour of the area Sunday .
" So we welcome a positive attitude and a constructive attitude from BP , and we hope , in the future , that we get it . "
And Rep. Ed Markey , one of the company 's leading critics on Capitol Hill , said the Gulf will spend years recovering from Hayward 's " failed leadership . "
" The new leaders of BP will have an uphill climb to correct the legacy left by Hayward , indelibly inked by the disaster in the Gulf , " Markey , D - Massachusetts , said in a written statement on the reported - but - still - unconfirmed ouster .
The disaster has sent BP 's stock price plunging .
Meanwhile , U.S. senators want to question Hayward about the role of BP in the release from prison of al Megrahi , the Libyan convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing that killed 270 people .
Most of the dead were Americans .
BP secured a deal to drill in Libya at about the same time that Britain and Libya finalized a treaty about transferring prisoners from one country to the other to serve their sentences .
But Megrahi was not freed under the agreement , or by the British government :
He was freed by the Scottish government , a separate body , in August 2009 on the grounds that he has terminal cancer was unlikely to live much longer .
Hayward , who has been with the company for 28 years , became chief executive in 2007 .
Experts told CNN in June that Hayward will probably not get a lucrative package of bonus money and stock awards that many U.S. companies give to outgoing CEOs as so - called golden parachutes .
" He will be lucky to get a single year 's salary , " said Paul Hodgson , a senior researcher at The Corporate Library , a governance group .
" And even that could be mitigated in certain circumstances . "
His compensation package -- including salary and bonuses -- was worth 3.158 million British pounds ( $ 4.87 million ) , according to the company 's 2009 annual report .
He 's also due an annual pension of 584,000 pounds ( $ 901,000 ) .
Additionally , he held more than 535,000 shares in the company as of December 31 , which would currently be worth about 212 millon pounds ( about $ 327 million ) .
内容
あらかじめ用意された爆弾でフィールド上の全ての敵を倒すパズルゲームです。
爆弾をドラッグ＆ドロップして、フィールドに置くと爆発します。
爆弾の爆発のしかたは、十字状とX状の２タイプあります。
全ての敵を倒すと面クリアとなります。
敵にはライフがあります。ライフの多い敵には何回も爆風を当てる必要があります。
敵のライフが０の状態で爆風を当てると、敵が灰になります。
灰になってもクリアできますが、灰が無い状態でクリアすると、
パーフェクトクリアになります。
タイトル画面 で [ Clear data ]
をクリックすると、セーブデータが消去されます。
ステージデータは、データクリア時にランダム生成されます。
ALSO : 89 of Cuyahoga County , OH 's ES&S precinct - based op - scan systems failed in pre-election testing
UPDATED : Sheriff 's office to investigate server attack ...
Brad Friedman Byon 5/4/2010 , 10:19 pm PT
Just in tonight as tabulation continues in Ohio 's primary election today .
Via Josh Sweigart at Middletown Journal :
HAMILTON — The Butler County Board of Elections website is under attack from an outside source , according to Board of Elections Director Betty McGary .
Although the " attack " is delaying communication of results on the board of election 's website , McGary said it is not having an impact on actual ballot counting .
“ We do not think that anyone has hacked into our site , but we have crashed three servers .
And in examining those servers , there are two unidentified sites that are deliberately diverting traffic . ”
McGary added : “ Our servers are under attack , we feel . "
The board of elections ' information technology department is still working on the issue , she said .
“ Our IT is saying this is being done deliberately , ” McGary said .
“ This is definitely something of a concern for us , but the votes are safe . ”
Long - time readers of The BRAD BLOG will remember that similar " glitches " affected the 2004 Presidential Election in the Buckeye State when the election night reporting website went down late in the evening , was moved to the " back up servers " of a far Rightwing firm in Chattanooga , TN , before coming back up to show that George W. Bush had taken the lead over John Kerry .
That system was created by Mike Connell , the GOP 's IT guru who , in 2008 , was subpeonaed for a deposition in a long - standing 2004 election fraud suit , only to die in a mysterious plane crane just weeks after the election , before he could testify in open court .
Computer security experts have long charged that the results of Ohio's ' 04 Presidential election may have been compromised by a so - called " man in the middle " computer attack as the servers changed locations that night .
Similarly , in the hotly contested 2005 Special Election contest between Jean Schmidt ( R ) and Paul Hackett ( D ) for Ohio 's 2nd Congressional District seat , central tabulator computers went down during late - night counting in Clermont County , only to come back up showing Schmidt with the lead over Hackett .
Whether something similar could be going on tonight in Butler County remains to be seen , but the attacks on the servers certainly seem worth noting here should further information become available over the next few hours , days , or weeks .
[ See end of article for an UPDATE on the above story . ]
In another part of Ohio , Cuyahoga County ( Cleveland ) experienced its own predictable failures with its ES&S precinct - based optical - scan vote tabulators during pre-election testing over the weekend .
89 of the county 's 1,200 machines ( 6 % ) froze up entirely during those tests ...
From the Cleveland Plain - Dealer on Saturday :
CLEVELAND , Ohio ---
Six percent of the county 's vote - counting scanner machines failed a pre-election test , but the elections chief said the board has enough backup machines for the Tuesday primary and is confident no votes will be lost if machines freeze up on election day .
All told , 89 of the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections ' 1,200 machines powered down and then froze during a specific test done to ensure the optical scanners were reading paper ballots correctly .
Voting machine manufacturer Election Systems & Software , Inc. , said it believes the problem has to do with the scanner 's software .
And they believe they have a coding update that will fix it .
The Ohio Board of Voting Machine Examiners needs to approved the update .
ES&S believes it will be OK'd in time for November general election .
...
In addition , the board also tested 108 new machines that are slated to go back to ES&S , and found that 14 failed .
A deal was struck for the board of elections to keep the machines until the old ones are fixed .
The board can send out machines to precincts during the day if there are problems .
" So it was n't only the machines that were used before , but brand new machines , " said Jane Platten , executive director of the board of elections .
We 've yet to hear of any problems at the polls today in Cuyahoga , though voting machine problems often tend to be noticed in the days , weeks , and months following elections , if not on Election Day / Night itself .
In today 's election , OH Sec. of State Jennifer Brunner was overseeing her own election while facing off against OH's Lt. Governor Lee Fisher for the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Republican Sen. George Voinovich .
Reports tonight indicate that Fisher has defeated Brunner , according to the results reported by Ohio 's fully - computerized voting and tabulation system .
* * *
UPDATE 5/7/10 : Officials have determined that the Butler county server attack incident was serious enough to warrant an investigation by the County Sheriff 's office .
From is initiating an investigation .
From today 's Journal News ...
...
“ We want the voting public know that we take this very seriously , and consider this a grave issue for us to get to the bottom of whether it was related to our internal system or whether there was an outside factor to this , ” said Board of Elections Chairman Tom Ellis .
The investigation by the sheriff ’s office — which could take one to three months or longer — will determine whether someone or something hacked into county servers or whether it was the result of an internal computer glitch ....
“ We want the voting public know that we take this very seriously , and consider this a grave issue for us to get to the bottom of whether it was related to our internal system or whether there was an outside factor to this , ” said Board of Elections Chairman Tom Ellis .
Ellis said the Board of Elections intends to release the full investigation to the public once it ’s completed “ to ensure the integrity and fairness of our election system . ”
“ This is something that we ’re involved in a lot more than people would believe , ” said Lt. Mike Craft of computer investigations .
“ It ’s not an area that we ’re not familiar with . ”
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Kenny Dalglish has told Liverpool he is prepared to make a sensational return as manager as the previous incumbent , Rafael Benítez , agreed to become the new coach of Internazionale last night .
Dalglish , who quit the Anfield job in 1991 , is currently charged with identifying the club's next manager alongside the managing director , Christian Purslow .
The Liverpool legend , however , is willing to enter his own name into that process and believes he can revive the club 's fortunes on a limited budget and , crucially , convince Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres not to leave this summer .
Dalglish , 59 , has admitted that he regrets quitting as Liverpool manager 19 years ago , when the stresses of dealing with the Hillsborough disaster took their toll , and claimed he would have been ready to return after a brief sabbatical .
The Scot 's desire for the position may present a problem for Purslow and the Anfield board , who are looking at replacing Benítez with a manager currently in the game .
Roy Hodgson emerged as the favourite in the aftermath of the Spaniard 's exit last week , although no official approach has been made to Fulham .
Any appointment of Dalglish , who has not managed since his acrimonious departure from Celtic in 2000 , would appease many Liverpool supporters at a turbulent time .
With the club lacking the resources to entice many leading names this summer , he could also offer the emotive pull to convince Gerrard to resist overtures from Real Madrid .
Dalglish first became Liverpool manager in the days after the Heysel disaster in 1985 , when he took over from Joe Fagan .
The Scot , who had signed from Celtic as a player for £ 440,000 in 1977 and won seven league titles , three European Cups and five domestic trophies at Anfield , secured the Double in his first season in charge and during his six - year spell won two more titles and the FA Cup in 1989 , following the Hillsborough disaster .
He returned to the game with Blackburn in late 1991 and took them from the second tier to become Premier League champions in 1995 and also had a short period at Newcastle , steering them to a second - place finish and the 1998 FA Cup final .
While Liverpool ponder this development , the man they parted company with " by mutual consent " last week has completed a dramatic change in fortunes and agreed to coach the European champions .
Benítez 's unveiling at Internazionale is now a formality , according to the president Massimo Moratti , after he accepted a three - year contract worth in the region of € 5 m ( £ 4.1 m ) per season .
" We have agreed the final details , which were not important things , " Moratti said in a statement on the Inter website last night .
" All that is needed now is a counter - signature .
Tomorrow we will tell you when he will be presented . "
Benítez has been on holiday in Sardinia while his Anfield departure was negotiated and soon began talks over his move to San Siro , where he will replace José Mourinho .
He is due to sign this week and after hiring Liverpool 's first - team coach Mauricio Pellegrino , goalkeeping coach Xavi Valero and fitness coach Paco de Miguel , may also tender a bid for the disillusioned midfielder Javier Mascherano .
Google quietly invested between $ 100 million to $ 200 million indeveloper Zynga as part of its preparation to launch a new Google Games platform later this year , according to online reports .
Google itself -- not its investment arm Google Ventures -- closed the investment portion of its deal with the social games developer around a month ago , according to a report from TechCrunch .
The company has a broader strategic partnership planned with Zynga as well , which is still in process .
Part of that partnership will entail Zynga 's games serving as the cornerstone for the search giant 's Google Games platform , which is rumored to launch later this year .
As the developer of Facebook 's most popular apps , Zynga 's titles could help make the service more attractive to social gamers hesitant to venture far from their favorite social network .
Google has n't publicly revealed any information about Google Games , but it has put up at least one job listing that seeks to hire someone who will be tasked with " developing Google 's games commerce product strategy and partnering to build and manage the business with a cross-functional team . " Zynga has made several moves in recent months to extend its popular games beyond Facebook , launching standalone sites for its titles , makingavailable to play through Microsoft 's MSN Games portal , and partnering with Yahoo to bring its titles to the Internet services company 's network ( e.g. main homepage , Yahoo ! Games ) .
Several months ago , the social games developer and Facebook argued over the latter 's upcoming implementation of Credits , a universal virtual currency for all apps on the social network -- an alternative to game - or publisher - specific virtual currencies , and one that would send 30 percent of revenues from virtual goods purchases to Facebook .
Zynga and Facebook eventually settled the dispute -- without revealing specifics for how exactly they resolved their differences -- and announced a five - year agreement that will allow the companies to continue to work together , keeping the developer 's popular titles likeandon the social network .
Google 's investment in Zynga follows less than a month after the studio raised $ 147 million from Japanese telecommunications and media corporation Softbank in a Series D round of funding .
It previously received $ 180 million last December , $ 29 million in July 2008 , and $ 10 million in January 2008 .
TechCrunch also reports that Zynga 's revenues will $ 350 million for the first half of 2010 , and that half of that amount is operating profit .
It also says that Zynga predicts its 2011 revenue will hit at least $ 1 billion .
The court said it wanted to know whether the men would have any real prospect of entering the “ step - down programme ” in which they would move through different levels of contact with others until they would be suitable for transfer to a normal prison .
At GDC the Khronos Group announced not one but two new OpenGL specifications .
The headline release , OpenGL 4 , includes a raft of new features bringing OpenGL in line with Microsoft 's Direct3D specification .
OpenGL 3.3 was also released , providing as many of the new version 4 features as possible to older hardware .
The Khronos Group , the consortium of hardware and software companies that governs OpenGL , OpenCL , and other related specifications , made no bones about its intentions for OpenGL 4 : providing standardized support for Direct3D 11 features to OpenGL developers was the prime concern .
Direct3D 11 integrated two key features into the graphics pipeline : hardware tessellation and compute shaders .
The former allows the video card to synthesize polygons programmatically , enabling considerably smoother , more natural looking curved surfaces .
The latter is a key part in the development of using the GPU for general - purpose computation ( GPGPU ) — not just for producing graphics , but for performing various kinds of high - performance math .
Direct3D 11 mandated support for complex programmable tessellation and compute shader integration .
Although Khronos ' OpenCL specification provides a general API for GPGPU programming , this did n't have the same integration into the graphics pipeline .
With OpenGL 4 , both of these deficits ( relative to Direct3D 11 ) are rectified .
As well as these big - ticket items , the new specification provides support for new data formats improving rendering accuracy and computational precision .
The new specification remains an evolution of the previous OpenGL 3 specification .
More radical changes , of the kind initially proposed for OpenGL 3 but later abandoned , are still nowhere to be found .
The initial plans for OpenGL 3 were to create a new object - oriented API that was , again , closer in concept to Direct3D ; this was welcomed by game developers but rejected by visualization and CAD developers due to its lack of backwards compatibility .
After considerable efforts to develop such an API , the Khronos Group did an abrupt about turn in favor of a more conservative evolution of the API , and this conservative approach is still apparent in version 4 .
Revolutionary change is clearly not in the cards .
The overall tone from Khronos makes clear that it 's Direct3D that sets the standard for what features video hardware supports .
The group promotes OpenGL 's platform - independence , in contrast to Direct3D 's Windows - specificity .
But even that benefit is diluted somewhat ; though OpenGL is a fundamental technology to MacOS X's graphical stack , Apple has n't offered full OpenGL 3 support on its latest operating system , instead sticking to version 2.1 with a few extensions .
NVIDIA promises OpenGL 4 support will coincide with the launch of its new Fermi GPUs later this month .
ATI / AMD has made no specific commitment , but support is likely to come sooner rather than later .
When we are vigorously dating we from time to time not remember what the end game is all concerning …
These are GHC - specific extensions of the Haskell kind system .
The Haskell 98 report specifies only a simple kind system :
... type expressions are classified into different kinds , which take one of two possible forms :
The symbol * represents the kind of all nullary type constructors .
If k1 and k2 are kinds , then k1 -> k2 is the kind of types that take a type of kind k1 and return a type of kind k2 .
GHC extends this system with a form of kind subtyping , to allow unboxed types , and to allow the function construtor to be polymorphic over kinds .
The kind lattice GHC supports is :
? /\ / \ ?? ( # ) / \ * # Where : * [ LiftedTypeKind ] means boxed type # [ UnliftedTypeKind ] means unboxed type ( # ) [ UbxTupleKind ] means unboxed tuple ??
[ ArgTypeKind ] is the lub of {* , #} ? [ OpenTypeKind ] means any type at all
Defined in ghc / compiler / types / Type.lhs
In particular :
> error :: forall a :?. String -> a > (->) :: ?? -> ? -> * > ( \\( x : :t ) -> ...)
Where in the last example t :: ?? ( i.e. is not an unboxed tuple ) .
So , to quote GHC , " there is a little subtyping at the kind level " .
For interested souls , GHC also supports coercion types and kinds ( " type - level terms which act as evidence for type equalities " , as needed by System Fc ) used in GADTs , newtypes and type families .
People make maps in Team Fortress 2 specifically for grinding achievements .
Bleak , joyless rooms of endlessly spawning bots and resupply crates , where people do n't play the game , they game it .
But in one of these , achievement_all_v4 , the author 's added a surprise .
A violent , horrific , hilarious surprise of biblical proportions .
Here 's a clip .
You can grab the map here if you want to try it locally , or sort TF2's server browser by map name to find any servers running it .
It 's not easy to trigger the catpocalypse , though - people on the Facepunch forums have been decompiling the map to figure out how it 's done .
Poster belink offers this guide :
" In both corners next to the respawn cabinets next to the striped walls , there 's a func_breakable ( keep shooting it - it makes a glass noise ) .
Once you 've broken that , under it is a button that triggers ' kittygedon ' .
I guess you need to trigger them both with +use .
I might be missing something , though . . "
In fact , here 's an awesome clip from scout101547 of the Facepunch guys figuring out exactly how to trigger it - in case you can't hear them , you need to set the server variable " tf_player_allow_use 1 " to be able to use the hidden switch .
Be warned , though , the cat 's appearance sometimes crashes the server .
achievement_all is a real series of achievement - grinding maps , so unwitting players who 've shown up to farm some meaningless accolades tend to be somewhat surprised by this turn of events .
It 's not clear whether this version is made by the real author of the previous maps , and he 's just sick of the people who use them , or if this is some inventive griefer showing up and exploiting the name .
Part of me likes to think it 's Valve .
Team Fortress 2 creator Robin Walker tells us :
" We would dearly love to be able to claim that as our work , but once again the community shows it 's much smarter than we are .
We were in tears in the office here when we watched the first video .
I 'm hoping the creator makes him / herself known so we can award them with a community item . "
If anyone knows who the creator is , please have him get in touch with Robin so Valve can sort him out with something nice .
Turns out the creator of the laser death cat map was the very man who uploaded the video .
He 's updated the description to say so , and he 's got in touch with Robin and been given his community item .
He also thanks us .
Hurray !
Can the cat be killed ?
Craig tried with his over - powered rocket launcher - probably the most damage ever pumped into this thing - and this was the result :
Craig found a server running the map , and I jumped in with him to get some shots .
It 's ... it's ... oh God .
The highly paid members of the Bell City Council were able to exempt themselves from state salary limits by placing a city charter on the ballot in a little - noticed special election that attracted fewer than 400 voters .
Since passage of the measure , salaries for council members — part - time employees — have jumped more than 50 % , from $ 61,992 a year to at least $ 96,996 .
The Los Angeles County district attorney has opened an inquiry into whether the salaries are lawful .
A state law enacted in 2005 limits the pay of council members in “ general law ” cities , a category that includes most cities in Southern California .
That law was passed in reaction to the high salaries that leaders in South Gate had bestowed on themselves earlier in the decade .
But the year that law passed , the Bell City Council authorized a special election with only one item on the ballot — a measure calling for Bell to convert to a “ charter ” city .
The move was billed as one that would give the city more local control .
The ballot language included no mention of the effect the change would have on council members ’ salaries .
All five council members signed the ballot statement in favor of Measure A .
It also was backed by City Manager Robert Rizzo , according to a council member in office at the time .
Rizzo “ sold the idea to me , ” former Councilman Victor Bello said .
Council members subsequently signed off on contracts that have boosted Rizzo ’s pay to $ 787,637 annually , making him probably the highest paid city manager in the country .
No one filed an argument against the measure , according to documents obtained by The Times .
Rizzo has not returned calls to his cellphone or messages .
The salaries paid by Bell have prompted growing scrutiny after The Times last week revealed that top city administrators were receiving high compensation .
In addition to Rizzo , the assistant city manager and the police chief both earn far more than their counterparts in most other cities .
The charter measure passed , 336 to 54 , with the votes in favor amounting to less than 1 % of the city ’s population of roughly 40,000 .
The majority of the ballots , 239 , were absentee votes .
The special election cost Bell $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 , city officials said .
Some council members insisted that the ballot measure was not motivated by a desire to increase salaries — but did not cite any other ways the charter changed how Bell did business .
“ The idea of a charter is it gives a city flexibility , it gives us independence , ” said then - Mayor and current Councilman George Mirabal .
“ It enabled us to create our own vision for the future .
That was the way I look at it then and now . ”
David Demerjian , who heads the D.A. 's Public Integrity Division , expressed skepticism of that position .
“ What explanation is there for why the city becomes a charter city , ” he asked .
“ Becoming a charter city certainly would give them the opportunity not to comply with that statute . ”
Former Councilman Bello said “ the way I understood it , we would have better control of governing ourselves .
We were told we would make a little more money , but I did n’t know we were going to get that much money . ”
Records show that Bello , who resigned from the council last year , has continued to be paid for sitting on four city boards .
According to resolutions the council approved in June 2008 , commissioners must be council members .
Assemblyman Hector De La Torre ( D - South Gate ) , who wrote the state law limiting council members ’ pay , said he did so because of the surreptitious pay raises he had seen in his city .
“ Then lo and behold , I find out a couple months later , Bell is doing an end run around it , ” he said .
“ The timing of this is clearly suspect . ”
De la Torre ’s bill was signed into law by Gov. Arnold Schwarzennegger on Sept. 6 , 2005 , and it became law Jan. 1 , 2006 .
State law sets the limit on council pay for a city with Bell ’s population at $ 400 a month and limits the amount of money council members can receive for sitting on boards and commissions to $ 150 a month for each board .
Bell ’s charter says its City Council members are to receive the same salaries as their counterparts in general law cities of the same size .
In fact , they receive $ 150 for serving on the council .
But the City Charter bypasses the limits that state law would impose on pay for boards and commissions .
Bell council members receive the bulk of their salaries as payments for sitting on the Planning Commission , the Surplus Property Authority , the Public Finance Authority , and the Solid Waste and Recycling Authority , at least $ 7,873.25 monthly .
City minutes indicate that those boards do little work .
Board meetings in Bell are supposed to take place during council meetings , although their names seldom appear in council minutes .
When the boards held separate meetings , they sometimes lasted a minute .
“ That ’s why I wanted to limit stipends , ” De la Torre said .
“ That whole point of it was to say you could n’t pay ridiculous sums of money for going in and saying ‘ aye ’ and leaving . ”
De La Torre estimated that if Bell were not a charter city , its council members would be paid $ 10,000 to $ 12,000 a year .
In a letter responding to questions from Demerjian , Bell Assistant City Atty .
William Priest , of the firm Best , Best and Krieger , said the city was following its charter regarding council pay .
“ The charter imposes no such limits with respect to their compensation for their service as members of the City ’s other commissions and boards , ” Priest wrote .
The council members said in their argument in favor of Measure A that the state had taken $ 30 million in tax revenues from Bell over the previous 15 years “ and they continue to reduce our ability to provide quality services and programs to the People of Bell .
“ We say ‘ ENOUGH . ’ ”
jeff.gottlieb@latimes.com
Times staff writer Ruben Vives contributed to this report .
The sun was slowing cooking us and we felt drastically under - dressed , but we were there , in the crowd , for St. Louis ’ annual Pride Parade yesterday .
Great crowd ( in both size and energy ) and as always , visually interesting .
We had a great time hanging out ( though not as much fun as the guy picture above had hanging out ) and putting together another Punching Kitty photo montage , which you can watch below or in HD at our Vimeo page .
We will happily post our whole set of photos if requested , but this is our favorite shot :
Forget social networking .
Is Google Air the search engine giant 's next big thing ?
Not quite , but Google has shelled out $ 700 million to acquire ITA , a Boston - based software company that specializes in organizing airline data like flight times , availability , and prices .
Forget .
Is Google Air the search engine giant 's next big thing ?
Not quite , but Google has shelled out $ 700 million to acquire ITA , a Boston - based software company that specializes in organizing airline data like flight times , availability , and prices , Google announced Thursday .
The purchase will help Google produce new flight search tools intended to simplify the process of searching for flights , comparing options , and buying tickets , Marissa Mayer , vice president of search products and user experience at Google , wrote in a blog post .
" Today , almost half of all airline tickets are sold online .
But for many people , finding the right flight at the best price is a frustrating experience ; pricing and availability change constantly , and even a simple two city itinerary involves literally thousands of different options , " Mayer wrote .
" We 'd like to make that search much easier . "
Travel - related searches are among the highest - volume queries received at Google , but the company denied that it has plans to become a travel agent .
The company 's hub will facilitate comparison shopping and ultimately drive traffic to Web sites for online travel agents , Google said ; presumably how Google News drives traffic to news Web sites .
" Google wo n't be setting airfare prices and has no plans to sell airline tickets to consumers , " the company said .
In a FAQ posted online that asked whether Google wanted to compete with companies like Orbitz or Kayak , Google said it is interested in building a flight search tool that will send customers " to sites where they can buy their tickets " and that Google hopes to have " productive partnerships with as many online travel companies and industry players as possible . "
Google currently has two travel - related search features available via Google.com : searching for flight information ( like " United 741 " ) as well as available flights ( like " New York to SFO " ) , which returns links to sites like Expedia , Travelocity , Priceline , Orbitz , Kayak , and CheapOair .
" Both features are aimed at improving search quality and neither is based on any financial compensation to or from Google , " the company said .
" Neither feature relies on data from ITA Software . "
" ITA has built a very successful QPX business , and we 're looking forward to working with their current and future customers , " Mayer wrote .
" Google will honor all existing agreements , and we 're also enthusiastic about adding new partners . "
QPX is an ITA database with searchable information about flights and prices .
Work on the project will not begin until after the deal is approved , Google said .
It will likely be subject to regulatory review , which " could take some time , " Google said .
As a result , the company did not have any additional details on the design of the new travel interface or when it might launch .
( Health.com ) --
Eating too much sodium can push your blood pressure into the danger zone .
Now , researchers are reporting that eating too many sweets -- or drinking too much soda -- may have a similar effect .
People who consume a diet high in fructose , a type of sugar and a key ingredient in high - fructose corn syrup , are more likely to have high blood pressure ( hypertension ) , according to a new study .
Drinking 2.5 cans or more of non -diet soda per day -- or consuming an equivalent amount of fructose from other foods -- increases your risk of hypertension by at least 30 percent , the study found .
What 's more , the increased risk appears to be independent of other dietary habits , including sodium , carbohydrate and overall calorie intake .
Health.com : 25 Shockingly Salty Foods
The study , which appears in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology , focused on foods containing high - fructose corn syrup and other added sugars , such as soda , fruit punch , cookies , candy and chocolate .
( Although fructose occurs naturally in fruits , the researchers excluded them because they contain other nutrients that are difficult to measure . )
" High - fructose corn syrup is very prevalent , " says Dr. Michel Chonchol , M.D. , the senior author of the study and a blood pressure specialist at the University of Colorado , Anschutz Medical Campus , in Aurora .
" If you go to grocery stores , it 's everywhere . "
Chonchol and his colleagues analyzed the diet and blood pressure readings of more than 4,500 U.S. adults with no history of hypertension .
The data used in the study was collected in nationwide surveys over a four - year period by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and also included information on health measures such as physical activity and body mass index .
Health.com : 25 Diet - Busting Foods You Should Never Eat
The researchers estimated each person 's fructose intake using detailed diet questionnaires and nutrition information from the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
The average fructose intake was 74 grams a day , an amount roughly equivalent to that found in 2.5 cans of soda .
People who consumed more than the average amount were more likely to have high blood pressure than people who consumed less , the researchers found .
Above - average fructose intake increased the likelihood of having blood pressure above 140/90 and 160/100 mmHg by 30 percent and 77 percent , respectively .
( Normal blood pressure is 120/80 or below , while anything above 140/90 is considered high . )
Hypertension can affect the health of blood vessels and is a leading risk factor for heart disease , kidney disease , and other ailments .
Health.com : The 50 Fattiest Foods in the States
The findings do n't prove that fructose actually causes hypertension , however .
Although the researchers took various health factors and dietary habits besides fructose intake into account , it 's always possible that other , unknown factors explain the apparent link between fructose and hypertension , says Dr. Cheryl Laffer , M.D. , an associate professor of internal medicine at Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine , in Temple .
The study " does n't tell us anything about causation , " she says .
" People who have high blood pressure may eat more fructose .
It can go either way . "
One important drawback of the study is that the participants reported their own diets based on memory , which makes the estimates of fructose intake less accurate .
But the study 's limitations do n't mean that people should feel free to go on sugar binges , Laffer says .
" I would n't discourage people from eating less fructose , because we have evidence that high fructose [ consumption ] is not particularly good for you , " she says .
Health.com : The Best Foods for Your Heart
Animal studies have linked fructose consumption to higher blood pressure , for instance , and a study published earlier this year in the journal " Circulation " suggested that cutting back on sugar - sweetened beverages may lower blood pressure .
In a statement , the Corn Refiners Association , a trade group representing manufacturers of high - fructose corn syrup , said that Chonchol and his colleagues were drawing " inaccurate conclusions about fructose . "
The association challenged the authors ' estimate that 2.5 cans of soda contain about 74 grams of fructose , and also highlighted the inaccuracies of diet surveys that rely on memory .
" The risk of hypertension from fructose is not a matter of concern for the overwhelming majority of Americans , " the association stated .
Health.com : Tricks to Lower Blood Pressure
Chonchol and his colleagues acknowledge that more research is needed to confirm a link between fructose and hypertension .
It 's still unclear how fructose might affect blood pressure , for instance .
One theory is that fructose might make the body absorb sodium more readily , Chonchol says .
Fructose intake may also increase levels of uric acid , which has been shown to contribute to high blood pressure .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
No summary available for pornview in ubuntu lucid .
No description available for pornview in ubuntu lucid .
If you worry about safety of your pet specifically cat or mouse you should definetely check this awesome collection of armour for animals .
This collection was created by Canadian artist Jeff de Boer and consist of armour for gladiators , medieval knights and even Samurais .
Creation of each armour for a mouse takes from 10 to 40 hours , while armour for cats demands bigger efforts : from 50 to 100 hours .
Made out from silver , bronze and wood these art works cost $ 500 - 2,000 .
For protectors of animals we ’re glad to notice that Jeff did n’t experiment with mices , but his attempt to dress a cat in a knightly armour has ended with scratches and scars .
Hope you ’ll like it !
Tournament Mouse
Duchess Mouse
Gladiator Mouse
White Knight Mouse
The Seven Samurai Mice
Tournament Mouse
15th Century Maximilian Rat
Tournament Cat
White Knight Cat
Persian Cat
Samurai Siamese
Tournament Cat
Gladiator Cat Helmet
PORTLAND — President Obama had better make some room in the White House fridge .
Maine brewers and beer merchant Bill Milliken plan to deliver a gift basket of Maine brews to Obama later this month .
No one knows if Obama will like the sampling of ales and bitters , but he asked for it .
Obama referred to Milliken during his speech at the Portland Expo on April 1 , citing Milliken as a small - business owner who will be able to provide health insurance to more of his workers because of tax credits in the new health care reform law .
He also had an unscripted exchange with Milliken , one of about 2,000 people in the audience at the Expo .
“ Bill , stand up .
That ’s Bill right there .
Now , I want to give a little plug to Bill here , ” Obama said as the crowd cheered .
“ Bill owns Market House Coffee and the Maine Beer and Beverage Corporation , both here , right here in Portland . …
In exchange for this publicity , I hope that I ’m going to get some samples of the beer .
… OK , he nodded in the affirmative . ”
In addition to nodding , Milliken was trying to answer back over the applause .
“ I went , ‘ Hell yeah , man , you kiddin ’ ? ’ ” he said Thursday , still excited about the presidential “ conversation . ”
Milliken , now known as “ Bill the Beer Guy ” on the Internet , got calls from friends and family members all over the country who saw or read about the speech , he said .
Even before he returned to his business to put together the presidential care package , brewers were thinking the same thing .
“ Nappi Distributors had already called and said ‘ We ’ll send four cases of Shipyard , ’ ” Milliken said .
“ We figured , let ’s include everybody . …
This is n’t political at all .
It ’s just the president asked for some beer samples . ”
The Maine Brewers Guild expects all of its 17 members to provide samples for the basket .
“ It ’s a great moment for Maine and it ’s wonderful for Maine beer , ” said Tami Kennedy , who works for Shipyard Brewery in Portland and is spokeswoman for the brewers guild .
Fred Forsley , owner of Shipyard and president of the guild , expects the company will pitch in bottles of its Export Ale and Summer Ale , and maybe some specialty brews .
“ It ’s great that we can get him aware of what ’s happening with craft beer in the U.S. , ” Forsley said .
While the basket is intended as a simple “ thank you ” for the president ’s visit to Maine , some in Maine ’s beer community hope it can win over Obama ’s taste buds .
The president ’s choice of Bud Light for his famous “ Beer Summit ” last summer – he invited a Cambridge , Mass. , police officer and a Harvard professor to settle their differences over a beer at the White House – made some brewers eager for a chance to broaden his horizons .
Milliken said he sells Bud Light , but he ’s sure the president will appreciate the Maine - made craft beers because “ he ’s a beer guy . ”
Milliken and the brewers plan to make the most of the opportunity .
They are planning a media event for the gift basket ’s send - off April 19 .
It ’s unclear how the beer will actually get into the Obamas ’ refrigerator .
“ The White House has an actual gift committee that receives gifts .
But this is a unique situation where the president specifically requested this , ” said Paul Drinan , a friend of Milliken .
Drinan is helping to coordinate with the White House and respond to the media so Milliken can run his business and recuperate from sinus surgery this week .
Milliken hopes to make the delivery in person , beer guy to beer guy .
“ He asked for it .
The entire Democratic establishment of the state of Maine was in that room when he said it , ” Milliken said .
“ On the other hand , I know he ’s a busy guy .
He did sign an anti-nuclear peace treaty today . ”
Staff Writer Meredith Goad contributed to this report .
Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at :
[ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
Eoin Woods talks with Fred Brooks , author of The Mythical Man-Month , on what motivated him to write his new book , examples of good and bad programming languages , how to recruit great designers , and the three most important pieces of advice for managing design projects .

Eoin Woods :
It ’s been a long time since The Mythical Man-Month and its revision .
What motivated your new book , The Design of Design ?
Fred Brooks : Curiosity .
The striking observation that all my own design experiences seemed to have a great deal in common caused me to ask and attempt to answer the questions :
What are those invariants ?
Can the younger design disciplines learn from the older ones because of those similarities ?
How has design changed since 1900 ?
Eoin :
Your new book does talk about software design in places , but it ’s really about design generally , and the case studies span buildings , organizations , hardware and software .
Who is the book aimed at ?
Are you still writing primarily for people who design software or are you writing for a broader audience ?
Fred : Definitely for a broader audience .
I have been surprised that The Mythical Man-Month , aimed at software engineers , seems to have resonated with a broader audience .
Even doctors and lawyers find it speaks to some of their team problems .
So I aimed this one more broadly .
Eoin :
You talk about designers and engineers in the book , but you subtitle it “ Essays from a Computer Scientist . ”
Which are you ?
Engineer , designer , computer scientist or all three ?
Fred :
All three .
Eoin :
What do you think the difference is between computer science and engineering ?
Fred : I believe computer science to consist of two rather different sub - disciplines .
One is a branch of mathematics , and produces theory .
The other is concerned with making things , hence is a branch of engineering .
We make systems , hardware , programs .
Eoin :
Do you have favorite examples of good ( or even bad ) software design that you can share with us ?
Fred : I consider Ken Iverson 's APL programming language , after it morphed into J so it uses standard characters , to be a fine example of a programming language .
In the book , I hold up and analyze the Job Control Language of OS / 360 as a gruesome example of a bad language .
Eoin :
In chapter 3 , you make the point that we do n’t really know what has to be designed until we ’ve pretty well finished designing it .
Does this mean that you ’re an advocate of Agile approaches to software development ?
Fred : Yes .
But there is an important role for a system architect , even in Agile methodology .
One wants the products to have conceptual integrity , for ease of learning , ease of use , and ease of maintenance and extension .
Eoin :
How do you teach software design at UNC ?
Fred : I 've taught the software engineering course 22 times .
I teach it as a critiqued project course , with teams of 3 - 5 ( 4 is ideal ) working on a real project for a real client .
The client has to invest sustained effort in helping the team define the product , of course .
My rule is that a target product must be something that the client would find useful and like to have , but it must not be something the client has to have .
The team must be allowed to fail .
Eoin :
A particularly interesting part of the book talks about the need to recruit and develop great designers .
Do you have any advice for people trying to recruit great software designers ?
Fred :
Look at their handiwork , not just how they talk about it !
Yes , it is important to have the candidates explain rationale for their designs , but the excellence and elegance of the design itself is the test .
Eoin :
The book contains a lot of explicit and implicit advice for those who must manage design projects .
What would your top three pieces of advice for such managers be ?
Fred :
Choose a chief designer separate from the manager and give him authority over the design and your trust .
Plan for the iterative discovery and screening of requirements .
Prototype ( or simulate with models , etc. ) early and get real user feedback on real use scenarios early and often .
Eoin : Lastly , your beach house is a rich source of case studies … was it ever finished ?
Fred :
Yes , I 'm enjoying it immensely even now .
We defined it to be finished when we varnished the floors in ' 97 .
We started in ' 72 with a carpenter - built campable shell , closed in and with one working bathroom .
We did all the rest while using it thoroughly : all interior walls and doors , walkway to the beach , the staircase , all the wiring , the remaining plumbing , cabinets , floors .
It was a great family project !
We all learned a lot of new skills .
Now we and our grown children enjoy it and do maintenance .
Salt spray is aggressive and destructive .
Trailer for The Big Tits Zombie .
Five strippers in a customer - less club stumble across a secret passageway , in their dressing room , that leads to The Well of the Dead and The Book of the Dead .
They read the incantations from the book out loud and unknowingly , unleash the army of the Undead on the world !
Only they ( and their kick ass action and chainsaws ) can stop the zombie army now !
Image caption
The batsman , or " le batteur " as he is known in France
In the English - speaking world , the words " French " and " cricket " only usually appear in the same sentence when referring to a children 's beach game .
" French cricket " is the rather mocking term given to a pastiche of the real game , one light on skills but high on amusement , in which the object is to hit the batsman 's legs with the ball .
The disdain has long been mutual .
The French have traditionally sniffed at cricket , dismissing it as a sport for English eccentrics and people from former British colonies .
But the sport is now gaining ground in France , and it is n't just expatriates who are donning cricket whites and spending Sundays playing the sport of gentlemen .
" Eight years ago , we had 500 playing members , now we have 1,200 , " says David Bordes of France Cricket , the national cricket association .
Mr Bordes says 40 % of them are French .
The rest are people from cricket - playing nations like England , Pakistan and Sri Lanka who live in France .
I saw Shane Warne for the first time and I said , ' Anyone can do that ' Vincent Buisson , French cricketer
" The internet and satellite TV are helping to make cricket more popular , " says Mr Bordes , who started playing cricket at school .
One of his teachers had become a cricket fan while studying at Oxford University and when he came back to France , he encouraged his pupils to take it up .
" I enjoyed the friendship and fun of cricket , " he said .
" I discovered the tactical aspect , which I love , and I was lucky enough to play for France . "
' It 's not football '
The French national side plays in the European second division .
Mr Bordes coaches the French junior team , which I watched in a friendly match against the local club in Saumur , in western France .
Image caption David Bordes is encouraging schools to take up cricket
Saumur 's most famous member is Mick Jagger .
The rock star owns a chateau nearby and his love of cricket may have influenced some locals .
But others came to it through different routes .
" I discovered cricket by watching television so I decided to have a go , " said Franck Verdoux , a lawyer who started playing last year .
What was its attraction ?
It had one big appeal .
" It 's not football .
There are no crazy drunk fans around the pitch , " he said .
" It 's quite a different game from all the other games we play here in France so it 's very pleasant . "
Like Mr Verdoux , the Saumur club 's manager , Vincent Buisson , who is also a musician , came to cricket through TV .
" I was in the south of England playing with my band in 1993 and the only thing we had to do in the afternoons was watch the cricket on the BBC . "
Mr Buisson says he knew instantly that he wanted to play cricket .
" I thought to myself , ' that 's my sport ' " , he said .
" I saw ( the Australian cricketer ) Shane Warne for the first time and I said , ' Anyone can do that .
You do n't have to be a super athlete .
All you need is a good brain . "
Rules translated
Mr Bordes says France Cricket would like to have a semi-professional tournament in the future and is encouraging primary schools to introduce cricket .
Four schools in central France are already doing so .
It 's another planet .
Not another sport , not another country , but another planet .
Franck Verdoux , Lawyer and cricket player
Sports teacher Emmanuel Martineau says his pupils are astonished when he tells them that cricket is the world 's second most popular sport after football , as it is sometimes claimed .
" But when I show them videos , they like it a lot , " he said .
" I explain simple rules and I teach them how to bowl and hold a bat . "
Mr Verdoux says that when he tells his French friends that he plays cricket , they look at him blankly .
" They do n't understand it , " he said .
" It 's another planet .
Not another sport , not another country , but another planet . "
Yet cricket is becoming less alien to the French .
France Cricket estimates that the number of players is growing by at least 10 % a year , and the association has translated the rules of the sport into French and published them on its website .
At the match in Saumur , instead of saying " over " , the umpire said " fin de serie " .
The batsman is called " le batteur " and the bowler is " le lanceur " , which literally means " thrower " .
And " leg before wicket " is " jambe devant guichet " .
With France still reeling from the dismal performance of its football team in the World Cup , Mr Martineau says he hopes French people will now become more open to other sports like cricket .
It sounded like a dream getaway .
" You 're going on holiday to the desert to meet other girls and eat sweet food , " Tijanniya Mint Tijani 's mother told her .
Tijani was excited .
" She said that by the time I returned home , I 'd be a beautiful woman . "
Ten days later , Tijani , 14 , an athletic student from Atar in the West African country of Mauritania , is eating breakfast with five other girls , aged seven to 12 , in a cramped hut deep in the Sahara .
Her stomach is bloated from huge quantities of goat 's milk and oily couscous , but the meal is not over .
The next course is half a litre of pounded millet mixed with water .
Tijani chokes down the thick gruel - she has no choice .
An older woman in pink robes threatens to beat her with a cane if she refuses .
Worse , if Tijani throws up , the woman will make her eat her own vomit .
Outside , a strong wind whips sand into phantasmagoric shapes .
The girls have been sent to this desolate spot for leblouh - force - feeding .
" The aim is to feed them until their bodies blow up like balloons , " says Aminetou Mint Elhacen , 50 , the woman wielding the cane .
The ideal of Mauritanian beauty is like the West 's cult of super - thinness in reverse .
Tradition holds that , among women , rolling layers of fat are the height of sexiness .
The preference originated centuries ago among the Moors , a nomadic people of Arabic and Berber descent , who make up two thirds of Mauritania 's population of 3.2 million .
To the ancient Moors , a fat wife was a symbol of a man 's wealth , proof he had the riches to feed her generously while others perished in the drought - prone terrain .
Until recently , it appeared that the big - is - beautiful ethos was dying out .
Although leblouh has never been outlawed , in 2003 , the government launched a campaign to fight child abuse and raise awareness of the health risks of obesity .
Moreover , as diverse global influences - from knock - off Western fashions to Nigerian pop music and French TV - slowly reached the masses , women in cities like the capital , Nouakchott , were beginning to slim down .
But in December 2007 , progress stalled when al - Qaeda gunmen murdered four French travellers , causing tourism and foreign investment to plummet .
Then , in August 2008 , a military coup removed the democratic government and installed a junta that favoured " a return to tradition " .
Now , big women are back in vogue , and the custom of feeding young girls like geese farmed for foie gras is again thriving .
Elhacen , a professional force - feeder , estimates that around Atar , a town 400 km north - west of Nouakchott , more than 80 per cent of girls are force - fed .
Government figures before the coup recorded up to 60 per cent in rural areas and 30 per cent in cities .
" The practice is re-emerging because men still find mounds of female flesh comforting and erotic , " explains Seyid Ould Seyid , a local male journalist .
" The attraction is ingrained from birth . "
Elhacen , who makes $ 200 for each girl she force - feeds over a three - month period , is delighted .
" I have a lot more clients again , " she reveals .
Her current " clients " are lying down in the hut in glassy - eyed exhaustion , digesting breakfast .
Elhacen mixes crushed dates and peanuts with couscous and oil to make the second of the day 's four meals - cloying , egg - sized balls of 1300 kilojoules apiece .
Each girl eats 40 per day , along with six litres of goat 's milk and gruel , making their daily intake up to 70,000 kJ .
The recommended amount for a healthy 12 - year - old girl averages 6000 kJ ; an adult male body builder eats about 17,000 kJ .
" My stomach hurts , " groans Tijani .
She 's furious with her parents for sending her here .
" I do n't want to be fat .
I do n't think it 's beautiful .
Now I see why some girls at school came back fat after their holidays , but they were much prettier before . "
Tijani adjusts her electric - blue mulafa ( traditional dress ) , revealing a yellow T - shirt and denim skirt underneath .
" I love sports .
I 'm scared I wo n't be able to run fast when I 'm fat . "
How do small girls eat such huge amounts of food ?
" I 'm very strict , " boasts Elhacen .
" I beat the girls , or torture them by squeezing a stick between their toes .
I tell them that thin women are inferior . "
Desert settlements like this 1000 - strong farming community with no electricity or running water are popular spots for leblouh because there are no distractions and no easy ways to escape .
But Elhacen denies that her work amounts to child cruelty .
" No , no , it 's for their own good .
How will these poor girls find a husband if they 're bony and revolting ? " she asks .
A real concern , as leblouh is linked to another horrendous practice : child marriage .
Most girls wed between the ages of 12 and 14 .
" Increasing a girl 's size creates the illusion that she 's physically mature , that she 's ready for a husband , " points out Aminetou Moctar , president of the Association of Women Heads of Families , an equal rights organisation .
" But force - feeding grows the body and shrinks the brain - all the girls do is eat and sleep . "
Tijani wants to become a French teacher , but Elhacen says her parents have already arranged a marriage for her .
" Her job will be to make babies and be a soft , fleshy bed for her husband to lie on . "
To this end , she intends to fast - track Tijani 's weight gain by serving her cups of pure animal fat .
" The stomach flab should cascade , the thighs should overlap , and the neck should have thick ripples of
fat , " explains Elhacen .
The ultimate sign of beauty , however , is silvery stretch marks on the arms .
" Parents will give me a bonus if a girl develops stretch marks . "
Back in Atar , Zeinebou Mint Moha-med , 26 , offers a glimpse into the girls ' potential future .
A shopkeeper who is 162 cm and weighs more than 90kg , with her hair dyed blonde at the tips and stretch marks on her arms , she 's a modern woman who has a love - hate relationship with her size .
" I was force - fed as a child .
I vomited and suffered heartburn and diarrhoea , but I gained weight fast , " says Mohamed .
At 13 , she was married to a much older man and , by 16 , she had two sons .
Then , like any normal teen , she rebelled , prompting her husband to divorce her .
Newly single , she was flooded with offers .
" I suddenly saw how much Mauritanian men adore very fat women .
Men told me I had the most beautiful body in town and they fought over me . "
This reaction to her figure transformed her self - image .
" When I realised the power I had over men , I started to enjoy being fat . "
Mohamed 's current boyfriend , Baba Slama , 29 , who is , like many Mauritanian men , rail thin , agrees that she 's in charge : " She 's gorgeous ; I love her , " he gushes .
Yet Mohamed 's weight slows her down : " I 'm always tired and I wheeze when I walk .
I want to be slimmer so I can be more dynamic . "
A fan of TV soaps beamed in from France and Morocco , she confesses she 's drawn to the lifestyles of the female stars .
" They seem so independent .
I 'd love to be able to wear jeans and high heels .
I want to diet , but I 'm scared men wo n't like me anymore . "
Mohamed also frets that she would lose her It - girl status among her female friends .
" My first thought when I met Zeinebou was , where did she get that incredible body ? " says her friend , Hawer Sessay , 26 .
At 167 cm and 80kg , Sessay says she has trouble keeping on the weight .
Recently , her husband said he " did n't like sleeping with a bag of bones " .
In desperation , Sessay uses drugs .
She produces a bottle of pills containing cyproheptadine hydrochloride , a medication that treats allergies and has a side effect of increased appetite .
Misused , it can cause blurred vision and heart palpitations .
Moctar , the anti-force - feeding activist , says pharmaceuticals are " the new form of leblouh " .
Sold secretly in markets , they include drugs used to treat animals .
A neighbour of hers died after taking such pills while pregnant .
" She hoped it would give her a fat baby , " sighs Moctar .
She has petitioned the junta to take action , to no avail .
" The authorities want women to return to their traditional roles - cooking , staying indoors , and staying fat to keep men happy , " she says .
A government spokesperson denies that the authorities condone leblouh , but can't name any measures introduced to address it since the coup .
Meanwhile , Dr Mohammed Ould Madene , an emergency medicine specialist in Nouakchott , warns that the force - feeding is " a grave matter of public health " .
He 's alarmed by the number of patients he sees with diabetes , heart disease and depression .
He mentions the case of a girl who was rushed to his clinic unconscious .
" She was only 14 , but so huge that her heart
had almost collapsed under the strain . "
Yet some women in the capital refuse to bulk up .
" I 've always been thin and I love my size , " admits Aminetou Kane , 28 , a social worker .
Many of her friends prefer to be slimmer , too .
Another encour - aging sign is the success of Nouakchott 's first women - only gym , which has 300 clients .
" Some women join on doctor 's orders , but others are image conscious , " explains owner Zahoura Kajouane .
That said , women here will almost certainly never strive to be super - slim .
In Mohamed 's home , she and Sessay inspect a photo of a bikini - clad model in a magazine .
The woman has - to Western eyes - an appealing figure , but the two women are genuinely repelled .
" She looks ill , " they agree , clicking their tongues at her jutting hips and clavicles .
Then they turn to an article about liposuction , and laugh so hard the walls seem to shake .
McDonald 's Halloween Pails
I have a confession to make : I am a huge fan of McDonald 's restaurants .
Sure , their food is n't particularly healthy and yes , their menu selection is nowhere near as good as Wendy 's or Burger King , but the fast food giant shall always hold a special place in my heart .
You see , my mom had decided early on in her marriage that she would only cook six nights a week .
Since my dad did n't particularly enjoy cooking , it was decided that every Friday night would be take - out night .
My parents used this night to enjoy various types of Asian cuisine , particularly Szechuan and Thai .
As a child , I had absolutely no desire to eat this stuff .
Hell , I would n't even eat standard Chinese food back then .
It looked gross , so it logically followed that it would TASTE gross as well .
Rather than listen to me whine about how gross the food was every Friday , my parents decided that I could have Happy Meal each week instead .
This decision was largely one of convenience as McDonald 's was less than a mile from our house , but it would shape my life for years to come .
Not because of the food though ; it was because of the toys .
Back in the day , McDonald 's had the absolute best kids ' meals , because they got all the good licenses .
Whether it was Hot Wheels , Legos , Disney , Nintendo , Fraggles , The Berenstain Bears , Batman , or Looney Tunes , McDonald 's almost always had something cool inside their Happy Meals .
Hell , even their original toys were pretty cool .
Toys like the Food Changeables and the Fast Mac cars were pretty solid too .
But every so often , McDonald 's would offer up a Happy Prize that was less than spectacular .
You see , not all the Happy Meal prizes were toys .
To help promote Santa Claus : The Movie , McDonald 's gave away books .
Like , with words and everything .
Sure , they were a lot nicer than your average Happy Meal prize ...
BUT THEY WERE FUCKING BOOKS .
Even worse were the lunchboxes .
For some reason , some at McDonald 's thought that cheap plastic monochrome lunchboxes emblazoned with McDonaldland characters would be a good prize .
They were n't .
Luckily for McDonald 's , those crappy prizes have long since been forgotten by most people .
So now I want to talk to you about a much more famous set of non -toy McDonald 's prizes : the Halloween pails .
In October 1986 , America was introduced to three Halloween pails : McGoblin , McBoo , and McPunk'n .
The buckets were presumably intended to be taken trick - or - treating and used to collect candy , but they are far too small for that .
The buckets say they are safe for children ages 1 and over , but they 're hardly useful to children over the age of 4 .
In my experience , the pumpkin pails hold roughly one street 's worth of candy , assuming the street has at least 40 houses and none of them belong to dickheads with no Halloween spirit .
But once you start kindergarten , a bucket 's worth of candy just is n't enough .
You realize that there 's a whole town 's worth of free candy out there for the taking and you make your mother take you all over the neighborhood until you have enough chocolate to last you until Easter .
Or maybe you do n't ... but I did .
The existence of the McDonald 's Halloween buckets create a paradox of sorts .
Namely , if the buckets are only useful to children between the ages of 1 and 4 , how did they ever reach their target audience ?
Are they really parents out there who are so goddamned irresponsible that they 'd actually give a toddler a greasy cheeseburger and some salty fries instead of something healthy ?
I sure as hell hope not .
As a kid , I was never really a fan of the Halloween pails ; I wanted free toys with my food and a seasonal orange bucket was most certainly NOT a toy .
And yet , I have a shitload of them .
Between us , my brother and I netted eight of these things in 1986 , one apiece of each non-Halloween Friday in October .
Let that sink in : EIGHT PUMPKIN PAILS .
And while they made nice window decorations , that 's way more pumpkin pails than any family needs .
And that was just one year .
In 1987 , we got ten more , and it just went on from there .
By the end of 1990 , we had well over forty pails .
They started to take up so much space in the attic that my mom threw a bunch of them out .
But in her infinite mercy , she did keep at least one of every bucket .
And so now , 20 years later , it is my privilege to introduce you to the 1986 McDonald 's Halloween pails ...
First , there was McPunk'n .
That 's right , McDonald 's followed up the word " punk " with an unnecessary apostrophe almost two full decades before Ashton Kutcher gave us Punk'd .
McPunk'n was basically a traditional Jack O'Lantern : two triangular eyes , a triangular nose , and a toothy smile .
He 's a little too basic for my tastes , but he does a good job of establishing the premise .
McBoo was always my least favorite of the Halloween pails , probably because he looked more like he want to fellate you than scare you .
A good Jack O'Lantern should be at least a little bit spooky and McBoo is anything but .
With his crescent eyes and button nose , McBoo bears a striking resemblance to Mickey Mouse .
And while I do scream and change the channel whenever Mickey comes on , it 's not because he 's spooky .
It 's because he sucks .
Every group needs a bad seed , and for McDonald 's Halloween pails it was McGoblin .
Growing up , McGoblin was always my favorite of the pumpkins .
With his angry eyes , giant nose , and misshapen mouth , how could you NOT like him ?
One of my best Halloween memories involves this guy .
One year , my brother and I begged our dad to carve the pumpkin to look like McGoblin .
Now , my dad is not a particularly artistic guy and a pumpkin is not a particularly easy palette to work with , but I 'll be damned if he did n't pull it off flawlessly .
And it went over huge .
Visiting trick - or - treaters instantly recognized our Jack O'Lantern as McGoblin and wished they had thought of doing it first .
At the time , it was easily one of the greatest things ever .
Thanks , Dad .
Despite the fact they debuted nationally in 1986 , 2006 technically marks the 21st anniversary of the McDonald 's Halloween pails .
That 's because they were tested regionally in 1985 , the year before their widespread release .
And would n't you know it , I lived in one of the test markets .
The 1985 pumpkins were pretty much the same as the 1986 ones , except they had slightly larger faces and they bore a 1985 copyright instead of a 1986 one .
And although McDonald 's ultimately settled on the names McBoo , McPunk'n and McGoblin for their pails , they tested two other names as well .
In my test market , McPunk'n was issued as McPunky .
In the test markets where that pail was sold as McPunk'n , McGoblin was sold as McJack .
While it 's easy to see why the company chose to use the McGoblin name over the super fucking generic McJack , we will probably never know why they opted for McPunk'n over the significantly cooler McPunky .
However , I have a theory : Soleil Moon Frye threatened to sue .
Despite not being toys , McBoo , McPunk'n , and McGoblin were apparently a big hit .
So much so , in fact , that they were reissued in 1987 .
After another successful run that year , the Halloween pails took a break in 1988 .
But they returned in 1989 ...
WITH A VENGEANCE !
This time around , McGoblin and McPunk'n were replaced with two completely new designs : McGhost and McWitch .
Unfortunately , the McBlowjob pail remained .
The original Halloween pails were a clever idea , mainly because pumpkins and pails are roughly the same shape .
McGhost , on the other hand , does n't actually look like a ghost ; it looks like Michael Chiklis .
OK , maybe not .
It does n't look like anything , except a white pail with a face on it .
As you 've probably guessed by now , I 'm not a big fan of McGhost .
White is a rather drab color to begin with and McGhost 's face is incredibly lame .
If I really wanted to look at something that 's round and unnaturally white , I 'd buy some Wintergreen Lifesavers .
That , or I 'd just stare at my arm .
I already showed McBoo when I talked about 1986 - 87 series of Halloween pails , so I bet you 're wondering why I 'm showing him again .
It 's the same fucking pail , so what else could I possibly say about it ?
Well actually , it 's not EXACTLY the same .
For some bizarre reason , McDonald 's decided to put ventilation holes in pumpkin lids .
I suppose that would come in useful if your hamster suddenly needed a temporary home , but other than that , why the hell would the things need to be ventilated ?
The logical behind adding these holes completely escapes me , but it would seem that McDonald 's considered it to be a key feature .
In 1989 , McDonald 's decided that the pails needed BETTER ventilation .
So whereas the original McBoo had four sets of small holes in its lid , the 1989 McBoo had six sets of larger holes .
So if a guy ever puts a gun to your head and threatens to kill you unless you can tell him the difference between a 1986 McBoo pail and a 1989 McBoo pail , now your brains wo n't end up splattered all over the wall .
The third pail in the 1989 series was the Ribwich .
The delicious , delicious Ribwich .
Wait , that 's not right ... it 's the McWitch .
And the sandwich was n't even called the Ribwich , it was the McRib .
Christ , I was way off .
The McWitch was an avocado green pail with a smiling face and a pointy witch hat for a lid .
She has eyelashes and long wavy hair to help get across the point that she 's a girl and a giant wart to get across the point that she 's not a very attractive one .
That , or it 's supposed to be an homage to Cindy Crawford .
The McWitch also has no nose , because witches NEVER have noses .
Ever .
Especially not the most famous witch in the entire fucking world .
But the coup de grace is the spider in her hair .
Whereas McBoo just has his name on his backside and McGhost has nothing , McWitch has a giant fucking spider living in her hair .
Now that 's cool .
The witch was easily the most elaborate pail in the second series as well as the coolest .
And even though Kung Lao did n't exist to emulate in 1989 , I really enjoyed throwing the witch 's hat at people .
In 1990 , the pails got yet another makeover .
McDonald 's decided that the pails might be more fun if they were harassingly bright .
Perhaps they were right ; a lot of the most memorable products from the 80s and early 90s came in ridiculous colors : L.A. Gear sneakers , Reebok Pumps , Generra Hypercolor shirts , Madballs , Constructicons , David Lee Roth , the list goes on .
The '90 line is probably better than ' 89 one and it 's certainly no worse .
At any rate , it was better than another reissue .
After four years , McDonald 's finally gave us a new pumpkin design in 1990 .
Well , sort of .
While the 1990 pumpkin is certainly way orangier than any previous pumpkin , the design is just a bastardized version of McPunk'n .
The DayGlo pumpkin is just McPunk'n with the eyes and smile flipped around and a smaller nose .
Honestly , I always wondered why they did n't use McPunk'n for the 1989 set instead of McBoo .
After all , McPunk 'n looks a lot more like the stereotypical Halloween decoration .
With the 1990 set , it would seem that McDonald 's realized their error and corrected it .
While it did n't get a completely new design , the McWitch did receive a massive makeover in 1990 .
The original design looked more like a queasy Vietnamese rice farmer than an actual witch , so McDonald 's decided to fix that via a series of small aesthetic changes .
First , they replaced the slanty eyes with more normalized ones .
Second , they replaced her curly hair with blocky rectangular hair .
I do n't know why they thought that would look better , but it does n't .
Finally , they changed the pail 's color from puke green to neon green .
This change was instrumental in making this version of the pail superior to its 1989 counterpart .
The fact that the spider is still there helps too .
The McGhost pail was the only one of 1989 pails not to receive any sort of facial reconstruction .
However , he does have one very significant improvement : he GLOWS IN THE FUCKING DARK .
I tried for like an hour to get my digital camera to take a fucking picture of this thing glowing in the dark , but it just did n't want to work .
So in case you have a really shitty imagination , here 's an incredible simulation of what the pail looks like in the dark .
In 1991 , McDonald 's decided to give out hideous McBoo bags instead of the pails .
When the pails returned in 1992 , things were n't quite the same .
The company had decided it would be cool to include removable Halloween cookie cutters in the pail lids .
In theory , it was a nice addition .
While not many kids are interested in baking cookies , at least now they had the option of making them in mildly spooky shapes .
Unfortunately , these cookie cutters were easy to break and even easier to lose .
And as if that was n't bad enough , the pail designs were becoming increasingly cartoonish .
I had outgrown Happy Meals by this time , so I will probably be slightly biased in my coverage of the 1992 pails .
However , I can assure you that they really do suck .
The 1992 pumpkin has the face printed on it in a way that was * supposed * to feign depth and make it look as though someone had actually carved it .
But what this actually did was make it look STUPID .
And as if that was n't lame enough , the pumpkin is cross-eyed .
To its credit , the Jack O'Lantern is the only pail in the set to make good use of the detachable cookie cutter .
Because of it , the pail is able to simulate having an actual pumpkin stem .
Not only that , but you can use the cookie cutter to make pumpkin cookies just the like ones they sell in the bakery department of your local supermarket .
Sorry , the sandlike orange cookie topping is not included .
McWitch finally got a nose , but it 's a little too phallic for my taste .
The face actually does n't look too bad on this pail , but everything else does .
They queered up that spider a whole lot and the hat looks awful .
The color change is n't really a problem , but the overall shape of the hat just is n't as natural as it was in the past .
And since you can't tell from the picture , the cookie cutter is a cat .
It 's probably * supposed * to be a black cat , but that 's entirely contingent on whether or not you mix black food coloring into your cookie dough .
In 1992 , McDonald 's decided to take the ghost pail back to its roots .
Instead of making it cool and glowy like the 1990 model , they made it plain and boring like the original pail .
As a result , this model is a goofy ass ghost with hands and a dimple .
Out of the three pails in this set , the ghost benefits least from the addition of the pointy top .
Instead of looking more spectral , it looks like the World 's Happiest Klan Member .
The pail 's cookie cutter is also a ghost , albeit a really fat one .
That , or it 's Ted Kennedy .
After 1992 , the pails only got worse .
The next set , released in 1994 , had awful designs that included a wall of ghosts and a purple witch .
After that , the pails went on hiatus until 1999 .
When they returned , McDonald 's abandoned the idea of character pails entirely in favor of panoramic scenes featuring Klasky - Csupo style drawings of the McDonaldland gang .
After realizing that they had n't yet completely raped the idea of any coolness it may have originally had , McDonald 's issued another set of pails in 2001 .
This time around , they did n't even have lids .
As of 2006 , these abominations remain the last set of Halloween pails ever issued .
Now , I 'm not saying the pails should bring them back ; they 're a disappointing Happy Meal prize and most kids would probably prefer a new set of Halloween McNugget Buddies instead .
But it really sucks that they ended on such a low note .
It is frustratingly hard to find reliable information about past Happy Meal promotions online in general and the Halloween pails in particular .
This can largely be blamed on McDonald 's themselves .
Not only do they fail to maintain a history of Happy Meal prizes on their website , but they also misrepresented the year of issue on most of the Halloween buckets when they made them .
To explain the situation , here 's Craig T. Nelson :
You son of a bitch , you left the copyright date and you only changed the buckets !
YOU ONLY CHANGED THE BUCKETS !
WHY ?
WHY ??
Yes , it 's true .
McDonald 's left the 1986 copyright date on the Halloween buckets for over a decade .
Now granted , this was n't a big deal in 1987 when the buckets were virtually unchanged from the previous year .
But in 1989 , a new copyright date was definitely in order .
Since two new designs were introduced that year , it just would have made more sense .
Although the 1986 date remained on buckets up through 1999 , the company began adding a second copyright date starting with the 1992 series .
Unfortunately , the second date was equally useless .
Buckets made in 1992 are marked with the years 1986 and 1991 , and the ones made in 1994 and 1999 are marked with 1986 and 1993 .
It would not be until 2001 , fifteen years after their original national release , that Halloween pails were marked with year in which they were issued .
Today , the incorrect dates on the Halloween pails are the cause of some confusion .
First , they have led many eBay auctioneers to advertise newer sets as being from 1986 .
But more importantly , it makes it near impossible for someone who did n't live through the Halloween pail phenomenon as it was happening to piece together what pails were part of what sets .
And while I doubt there are many people collecting these things , it was still a pretty retarded thing for the company to do .
When I started writing this article , I thought I was going to bitch a lot more .
On the one hand , you could n't get a fun prize at McDonald 's during the month of October because they were giving these out instead .
Hell , you did n't even get one of those cardboard Happy Meal boxes with corny jokes and retardedly easy matching games on them ; the Halloween bucket was both your Happy Meal prize AND the carrying case for your food .
And while the Halloween pails were utterly useless , I can't help but like them .
For me , the Halloween pails remain one of the most critical events of 1986 .
Sure , other stuff happened back then , happenings that some charlatans might deem " more important " .
For instance , The Challenger exploded in 1986 .
The Boston Celtics won their 16th NBA championship in 1986 .
And finally , the lovable New England Patriots lost Super Bowl XX to the cocksucking Chicago Bears in 1986 .
And while these were all fairly notable moments , those stupid orange pails were by far the most indelible image of 1986 .
If '86 was Iwo Jima , the McGoblin pail was that picture of those guys raising the American flag .
And so , I salute you , McDonald 's Halloween pails .
You may not be one of the coolest things I ever got from a Happy Meal , but you are one of the most memorable .
Posted by : Syd Lexia
10/28/06
RECOMMENDED FOR CHILDREN AGE 1 AND OVER .
President Barack Obama will visit Gulfport and Theodore today as part of a two - day visit to the Gulf Coast to see areas affected by the BP oil spill .
Obama is scheduled to arrive on Air Force One this morning at Gulfport / Biloxi International Airport .
He is expected to tour a U.S. Coast Guard command center and meet with local officials and south Mississippi residents .
Obama is set to travel to Alabama later today and tour a Coast Guard command center in Theodore .
His trip will conclude Tuesday morning in Pensacola , where he is scheduled to address military personnel at Naval Air Station Pensacola .
The visit marks Obama 's fourth trip to the Gulf Coast since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded in the Gulf on April 20 .
His three previous trips have been to Louisiana , and the visits to Alabama and Mississippi will be his first as president .
Obama made campaign stops in the two states during his 2008 run for president .
Gov. Bob Riley and Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said they would be on hand to welcome Obama to their respective states .
Riley on Sunday expressed frustration with the Obama administration for its handling of the oil spill crisis .
" I guess the biggest concern I have ... is this , quote , ' unified command , ' " Riley said Sunday during an appearance on CNN's State of the Union talk show with Candy Crowley .
" What we have is a committee .
It 's a committee that essentially consists of all of the different federal agencies sitting down here , and as a committee , each one has a veto over whatever policies we have . "
The White House said Sunday that Obama would make a major address to the nation on Tuesday following his trip .
The speech from the White House is expected at 7 p.m. CDT Tuesday and will last about 15 minutes , the White House confirmed .
Karen describes series finale as ‘ mind - blowing ’
Warning !
This article and its comments may contain spoilers ...
ReelScotland have today released an exclusive interview with Karen Gillan , in which she discusses this year ’s highly - anticipated finale , and what the climax to the series has in store for Amy Pond .
“ Episodes 12 and 13 are completely mind - blowing and so powerful , ” she teased .
“ Amy ’s story , which has been building up throughout the year , is going to come to an incredible climax .
I felt really in tune with Amy and her story , so filming it really meant something to me . ”
The actress goes on to describe the final as “ something that everyone in the world should watch ” , however she remains tight - lipped when pressed on the return of the Cybermen .
She also discusses the forthcoming Adventure Games , admitting : “ They were really fun .
It was so weird seeing yourself as a computer character , one of the oddest things ever . ”
Another point of particular interest is her announcement that ( potential spoilers – highlight to reveal ! ) she starts “ to film the Christmas special at the end of June ” .
Constance McMillen in her own words
( CNN ) --
A school district in Mississippi has agreed to pay a recent high school graduate $ 35,000 in damages and adopt a policy prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation , according to a statement released Tuesday by the American Civil Liberties Union .
The settlement comes after the ACLU sued the school district in Fulton , Mississippi , on behalf of Constance McMillen , a lesbian teen who was told by Itawamba Agricultural High School officials she and her girlfriend would be ejected if they attended the school - sponsored prom .
The agreement , which was filed Tuesday , ends the lawsuit .
" I 'm so glad this is all over .
I wo n't ever get my prom back , but it 's worth it if it changes things at my school , " McMillen said in a statement released Tuesday .
The prom , originally scheduled for April 2 , was eventually canceled by school board officials who previously said they reached their decision based on " the education , safety and well - being of [ its ] students . "
Officials at McMillen 's former high school are not commenting at this time , and a call to the north Mississippi school district seeking comment Tuesday was n't immediately returned .
According to the ACLU statement , McMillen " suffered humiliation and harassment after parents , students and school officials executed a cruel plan to put on a decoy prom for her while the rest of her classmates were at a private prom 30 miles away . "
McMillen believes the alternative prom she was sent to was a sham because only a handful of people attended .
" A lot of people were talking about how it was a joke just set up for me , " she previously said .
In March , a federal judge ruled that McMillen 's First Amendment rights were violated when her school district refused to let her attend her prom in a tux with a girl .
That was good news , said her attorney , Christine Sun , senior counsel with the ACLU 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender project .
It set a precedent and helped broadcast an important statement , which was made stronger by virtue of where it came from , she said .
" We 're in a conservative area of the country , where people tend to think we can do what we like , " said Sun , who lives in New York but has traveled multiple times to Mississippi on McMillen 's behalf .
" This case sends a strong message that that 's not going to fly anymore . "
In 2004 , the national gay rights group GLSEN -- the Gay , Lesbian and Straight Education Network -- issued a report that said of all 50 states , Mississippi had the most hostile environment for gay youths .
" We hope this judgment sends a message to schools that they cannot get away with discriminating against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students , " said Bear Atwood , interim legal director at the ACLU of Mississippi .
Since McMillen 's name made national headlines , the lesbian teen advocate has served as the grand marshal for New York 's Gay Pride Parade , she received a $ 30,000 college scholarship from an anonymous donor , and a Facebook page called " Let Constance Take Her Girlfriend to Prom ! " had attracted nearly 410,000 fans as of Tuesday .
" It means a lot to me , " McMillen said .
" The amount of support helps me to continue with the fight . "
The lessons of the past year have been well taken :
No one should be too big to fail .
Not banks , not automakers , not insurance companies , and most of all , not comedians .
And , thanks to one high - profile , strangely fortuitous career nosedive , no jester will ever bomb that big again .
I speak , obviously , of Conan O'Brien , whose rise and fall as host of The Tonight Show probably launched the future of comedy .
Conan died for Big Media 's sins and then , Obi-Wan - like , rose up more powerful than NBC or anyone else could possibly have imagined .
OK , so that was n't plan A. Conan wanted Tonight .
After all , that 's what a comedian in his lofty position was supposed to want .
Comedy does n't have too many temples — it 's inherently anti-institutional .
Still , for generations , whoever sat as comic - pontifex in Carson 's old throne held ex officio sway over the tone and tenor of all chuckledom .
The role of the Host had become a cross between Ma Bell and the pope , serving as the switchboard of mainstream irony , dispensing indulgences to lesser comedians , and occasionally taking confession from Hugh Grant .
So when ousted incumbent Jay Leno and his sure - thing comediocrity outflanked Conan and his risky cubist absurdism , the latter was expected to slink away with $ 40 million in sweaty - palmed Peacock offerings and accept his consolation prize on Fox , the way David Letterman accepted his on CBS back in 1993 .
Maybe , six months down the line , he 'd reemerge with an air - clearing Vanity Fair cover .
And that would be that .
But that was n't that .
Conan 's crash was prolonged and arduous , but his rebirth was immediate and effortless .
And therein lay the ( sorry ) triumph .
Within a month , O'Brien went from Biggest Loser to the world 's most celebrated comedy folk hero .
" Three months ago , what would 've looked to everybody like bad luck has become amazingly good luck , " O'Brien told an adoring assemblage at Google .
( The venue itself shows how his priorities have changed . )
His recently established Twitter account quickly acquired almost a million followers .
( For good reason : Each of his tweets is a winningly self - deprecating keeper .
Contrast that with the awkward Twitter - pations of Jim Carrey , who has yet to embrace his own slow - motion tumble . )
While still under a gag order from NBC , O'Brien parried , putting The Tonight Show on Craigslist ( " 4 - SALE : BARELY USED LATE - NIGHT TALK SHOW " ) and selling out a cross-country comedy tour on the strength of a single tweet .
In the meantime , he saw a net - roots " I'm with CoCo ! " movement organized in his name .
Then , instead of leveraging all this webby goodwill into another traditional late - night berth on a rival network , Conan made a deal with the modest basic - cable network TBS .
What just a few years ago might 've been spun as an ignominious exile to the media hinterlands was hailed as a stoop - to - conquer masterstroke : O'Brien essentially traded a gas - guzzling 3 - ton network Cadillac for a light and maneuverable hybrid that runs on viral clips , not raw , brutal Nielsens .
Conan's " crash " reminded us that he 's a comedian — and a damn good one .
He 's no pope , no czar — he 's a guerrilla , like all the greats .
And with a toehold on cable and his head in the Cloud , Conan can maintain a permanent insurgency .
Conan crashed so his successors wo n't have to .
He 's seen the future , and there are no Peacocks there — and no kings of comedy , either .
Who 'd even want to wear that crown ?
During his Q&A with Google ( which was far more entertaining , illuminating , and Web- permeable than his 60 Minutes spot ) , O'Brien was informed that most Googlers do n't even know what The Tonight Show is .
He responded , " Oh , good .
Who needs to know what a ' Tonight Show ' is anymore ? "
Then he cackled like a Bond villain .
Then he cried like a baby .
Then the video went viral .
Revenge , it seems , is a dish best served instantaneously .
Email scottiswired@gmail.com .
The tank stands in the front .
The healer stands at the back .
The damage dealers stand in the middle .
So it has been for generations .
Guild Wars 2 is making the latest and greatest effort to change that , PC Gamer can reveal , following an exclusive interview with game designer Jon Peters and lead designer Eric Flannum of ArenaNet .
The biggest changes ?
Tanks are gone , healers are gone , the Death Penalty is gone , and you can still kick some arse while you 're lying on yours .
Those of you who read Tom's Guild Wars 2 preview on page 50 of our latest issue will already know that every class has a dedicated slot for a healing ability .
I asked Jon if they still had a dedicated healing class , like in the first game .
He said no .
I was like , what ?
He was like , no , totally .
" There are no dedicated healers that do full healing .
Every profession has some form of support to a greater or lesser extent , but none of them enough that they are n't also fighters . "
' Support ' is Guild Wars 2's word for the job a healer does in other MMOs .
They 're saying that , in Guild Wars 2 , any character can specialise in keeping the party alive .
" We do n't like sitting around spamming ' looking for healer ' to global chat , " Jon said .
" That feels an awful lot like preparing to have fun instead of having fun . "
Eric Flannum elaborated : " What we do n't have , and what we did n't want to have , was a character who stands at the back of the party and plays the ' party health bar game ' – where they just look at an interface , watch health bars go down , click on a skill , click on those health bars , and that 's all they do during combat . "
It 's a revolutionary attitude towards the stale tradition of Tank in front , DPS in the middle , Healer in back .
The traditional image of a healer might be a Priest class in World of Warcraft – white robes , low health , lots of mana , and an armada of healing abilities .
Guild Wars 2 aims to propagate a new type of healer : a sort of armoured maniac who hefts his shield to intercept projectiles , strengthens his allies , and who is n't useless when he 's caught in a quest area by himself .
" You build your character by picking two different weapon sets .
Your weapon sets give you the chance to switch roles in combat .
A Warrior can have a bow as one weapon and a mace and a shield as the other .
When he's got guys on him he switches to his mace and shield , and when they run , he can switch to his bow and be a different kind of character . "
Eric went into more depth about how the mace and shield each conferred unique support abilities very different from what a normal tank might do .
Rather than holding aggro , Warriors might block incoming projectiles , or interrupt their charges .
" If one of your allies is being chased by a creature ; you can use the mace to stun the creature .
So the mace provides some control where you can protect allies in that way and that was one of the things we wanted from our support characters . "
Still , your health will eventually fall below zero .
When that happened in the original Guild Wars , you fell on you back and were unable to act – and in most cases , you 'd get stuck with a long - lasting penalty that would reduce your maximum health and energy .
That was the first thing on the block when ArenaNet approached this part of the game in Guild Wars 2 .
" We decided to look into what would make dying a more enjoyable and memorable play experience , " Jon Peters told me .
They added an intermediary stage in between losing your health and dying – you 're hurt , you 're bleeding out , but you 're not going out without a fight .
A man who averages 24.48 in 34 ODI tournament finals , conceding runs at 4.1 an over , cannot be accused of not having a sense of occasion .
And his farewell Test has been some occasion .
You ca n't escape the farewell Test .
The road from the team hotel to the ground , some 40 km along the coast , is full of Murali posters .
The Galle International Stadium is full of Murali : banners , cut-outs , messages , an electronic countdown to 800 wickets , the works .
The Galle Fort overlooking the stadium has two giant Murali cut-outs .
Every cricketer who has spoken in public has been asked to pay tribute to Murali .
There have been guards of honour , 21 - gun salutes , his family has been on the TV camera most of the time .
It is only natural to feel some nerves going into your final Test , ending 18 years of as many ups as downs .
Memories must have flown , he must have thought of his future .
In between , there was a Test match to be won .
There were fears if the farewell would distract the team .
Would he himself be able to concentrate and bring his best for one last time , especially given his recent lean form ?
This man , however , has left worse distractions , worse pressures , behind when walking on to the field to represent Sri Lanka .
" Boss , when I go out , I do n't think about these things , " he says .
" My job is to get batsmen out , I think about that only . "
And get batsman out he did on his penultimate day of Test cricket .
Also on display was the big offbreak that seems to have gradually become smaller ever since he began bowling the doosra .
The way he got MS Dhoni 's wicket is any offspinner 's dream .
Dhoni had not just come in - he had his eye in , having scored 33 .
The ball drifted away from him , dipped too , Dhoni 's feet played the original line , the bat went chasing the ball , and then it spun , spun big , through the gate , kissing the inside edge , not enough to alter its track , and found the stumps .
Inexplicably Murali had been kept away from action for 17 overs in the morning .
Even after Virender Sehwag and VVS Laxman were had , Kumar Sangakkara let Yuvraj Singh and Dhoni settle .
Even Tillakaratne Dilshan was used before Murali .
It was as if he was being set a challenge - do it from here , with India just 105 short of saving the follow - on .
He did n't start off too well , bowling two long hops in his first over , which were duly dispatched by Dhoni .
Soon , though , came that magic ball .
With the sight of tail in , Murali squeezed into the door left ajar .
We were right up Murali's alley , with runs on board , no hope of a win for the opposition , the batsmen uncertain .
Of all the times in the world , you do n't want to face Murali at such a time .
Yuvraj , who had played well for his 52 , was drawn out , he was n't sure which way the ball would turn , had to play at it , and Mahela Jayawardene hardly ever drops those edges off Murali .
The tail was easy for Murali .
Pragyan Ojha was n't the first batsman poking at one outside off , fearing the doosra , edging it away .
For Abhimanyu
Mithun he produced the sharp offbreak again , finishing his 67th five - for .
" You have to ask him if felt any nerves , " Trevor Bayliss , Sri Lanka 's coach , said .
" But this is the first time I 've seen Murali showing a bit of emotion after taking those five wickets .
Throwing his arms in the air ...
I 'm sure he 's happy with the way he 's gone so far in the match . " 
In the second innings , perhaps the age showed .
The trajectory got flatter , more doosras were bowled than the big offbreaks .
Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid , although for not enough time from India 's point of view , batted expertly , denying Murali for long .
The ball , though , does n't know how old you are .
Murali stayed at the batsmen for 18 long overs .
Whatever might have happened earlier in the day , there was no way that in dying light , anybody else was going to bowl the last over of the day .
In the 13th over of that spell , Murali got Yuvraj in similar fashion as in the morning .
This one was pitched middle and off , he had to play at it , it spun away sharply , Jayawardene was there again , with his fingers under the dying ball .
Murali is having some drink for the road .
SANTA CLARA , Calif . --
The 49ers moved a step closer to
leaving their longtime San Francisco home after residents in the
Silicon Valley city of Santa Clara voted in favor of a new stadium
for the NFL team .
" For almost a decade and a half , the San Francisco 49ers and our faithful fans have dreamed about playing at home in a world - class stadium , and now those dreams are closer to reality , " 49ers president and CEO Jed York said in a statement released by the team .
" We can now proceed with our plans to build the premier , open - air sports and entertainment venue in the world . "
The team said that it hopes to begin construction on a new stadium in 2012 , once project approvals and financing plans are finalized , with the goal of playing in their new home in 2014 .
Once it begins playing in the new stadium , the team said its name will remain the San Francisco 49ers .
" We recognize that there is still a lot of work to be done , and it is now our responsibility to finish the job by delivering on the remainder of the plan , " York said in the statement .
" But , the best fans in the NFL deserve the best stadium , and our new home will continue to make them proud to cheer on the San Francisco 49ers for generations to come . "
The 49ers have played in San Francisco since the franchise was
established more than 60 years ago and have called Candlestick Park
their home since the early 1970s .
They have won five Super Bowls
during their stay .
By approving Measure J , voters in Santa Clara signed off on a
plan by the team to build the 68,500 - seat stadium in the city .
Under preliminary terms with the team , the city and area hotels
would contribute $ 114 million to the $ 937 million project next to
Great America theme park .
Team officials spent almost $ 4 million in support of Measure J .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
WASHINGTON , D.C. --
Every day , migrants leave their homelands behind for new lives in other countries .
Reflecting this desire , rather than the reality of the numbers that actually migrate , Gallup finds about 16 % of the world 's adults would like to move to another country permanently if they had the chance .
This translates to roughly 700 million worldwide -- more than the entire adult population of North and South America combined .
From its surveys in 135 countries between 2007 and 2009 , Gallup finds residents of sub-Saharan African countries are most likely to express a desire to move abroad permanently .
Thirty - eight percent of the adult population in the region -- or an estimated 165 million -- say they would like to do this if the opportunity arises .
Residents in Asian countries are the least likely to say they would like to move -- with 10 % of the adult population , or roughly 250 million , expressing a desire to migrate permanently .
United States Tops Desired Destination Countries
The United States is the top desired destination country for the 700 million adults who would like to relocate permanently to another country .
Nearly one - quarter ( 24 % ) of these respondents , which translates to more than 165 million adults worldwide , name the United States as their desired future residence .
With an additional estimated 45 million saying they would like to move to Canada , Northern America is one of the two most desired regions .
The rest of the top desired destination countries ( those where an estimated 25 million or more adults would like to go ) are predominantly European .
Forty - five million adults who would like to move name the United Kingdom or France as their desired destination , while 35 million would like to go to Spain and 25 million would like to relocate to Germany .
Thirty million name Saudi Arabia and 25 million name Australia .
Roughly 210 million adults around the world would like to move to a country in the European Union , which is similar to the estimated number who would like to move to Northern America .
However , about half of the estimated 80 million adults who live in the EU and would like to move permanently to another country would like to move to another country within the EU -- the highest desired intra-regional migration rate in the world .
Most of the world 's international immigrants , according to the 2009 United Nations ' Human Development Report , move from one developing country to another developing country or between developed countries .
Gallup 's data would suggest then that the countries people desire to migrate to permanently do not necessarily reflect reality -- especially in regard to developing countries .
Eighty percent of those in developing countries who would like to move permanently to another country would like to move to a developed country , while 13 % of respondents in developed countries would like to move to a developing country .
Gallup 's Potential Net Migration Index
If all adults who desire to move to another country permanently actually moved to their desired destination country today , some countries would suffer tremendous losses in human capital and others would be overwhelmed .
Gallup 's Potential Net Migration Index ( PNMI ) is the estimated number of adults who would like to move out of a country permanently subtracted from the estimated number who would like to move to it , as a proportion of the total adult population .
The higher the resulting positive PNMI value , the larger the potential net population gain .
Across the countries surveyed , Singapore posts the highest positive PNMI of all countries and areas , with a net migration index value of +260 % .
This means that Singapore 's adult population would increase from an estimated 3.6 million to as high as 13 million .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo ( Kinshasa ) posts the highest negative PNMI , with a net migration index value of - 60 % , which means its adult population would decrease from an estimated 32 million to as low as 13 million .
Implications
While Gallup 's findings reflect aspirations rather than intent , they suggest hundreds of millions are feeling pulled or pushed , for various reasons , toward countries other than their own .
Who these potential migrants are , where they'd like to go , and why , will continue to be crucial for leaders in countries of origin and destination to understand as they develop migration and development strategies during the economic crisis and well after .
In most countries , Gallup 's data show people 's desire to relocate to another country permanently did not decrease meaningfully after the global economic crisis hit in 2008 .
For complete data sets or custom research from the more than 150 countries Gallup continually surveys , please contact worldpollpartners@gallup.com or call 202.715.3030 .
Survey Methods
Results are based on aggregated telephone and face - to - face interviews with 259,542 adults , aged 15 and older , in 135 countries from 2007 to 2009 .
The 135 countries surveyed represent 93 % of the world 's adult population .
For most countries , aggregated sample sizes ( across three years of surveys ) range between 1,000 and 3,000 interviews .
One can say with 95 % confidence that the country - level margin of sampling error , accounting for weighting and sample design , ranges from ±3 percentage points to ±6 percentage points .
Results are projected to the total population of each country aged 15 and older , using 2008 World Bank population estimates .
GoAruna is a powerful Android file manager with an online file hosting , sending and sharing service .
Access and manage both online and your Android files anywhere you go !
Also includes : PDF viewer , " capture & upload " photos / videos / voice notes , a text editor and more .
Get a Free account at GoAruna.com !
i Phone related for GoAruna Files
GoAruna Files was developed for Android by Aruna Labs
Package name : net.visionten.goaruna
System permissions : 11 Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
android.permission .WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission .WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.SEND_SMS
android.permission.READ_LOGS
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for GoAruna Files
Discussion(s ) about GoAruna Files in our forum
Comments and Ratings for GoAruna Files
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Korn exploded onto the music scene in the early ‘ 90s and ushered in an exciting new era in the post - grunge music scene .
Along the way , Reginald “ Fieldy ” Arvizu and his bandmates in Korn paid their dues , outlasted most of their peers and have risen to dizzying heights of rockstardom without compromising their integrity .
Showing no signs of slowing down , the band returns to their roots on ‘ Korn III – Remember Who You Are ’ .
Reuniting with legendary producer Ross Robinson , the results of their ninth studio album are a true return to form for this legendary band .
Jason Price of IconVs .
Icon sat down with the infamous bassist to discuss Korn ’s new album , his thoughts on the band ’s longevity , his upcoming side project called StillWell and much more !
Korn has been a groundbreaking band and has influenced so many people over the years .
Looking back on the early days of Korn , did you think you would still be going strong all these years later ?
Ya know , we were started out back in 1992 , but even before then , when we were young kids starting out , we were saying “ Man , we are going to be the biggest rock band ! ”
We had that attitude .
Now that I am 17 years into this , I cannot believe how hard it is and I cannot believe that we are still doing it , now that I realize how hard that it is .
When you are a kid you dream , ya know .
It is amazing because we have extremely loyal fans .
Internally , the band has had its share of struggles along the way .
As a key member of the band , what do you attribute the longevity of Korn to ?
We started out with a strong foundation .
We were friends before any of the success .
In any relationship , it takes going through something really bad to see if they are really your friends .
I think that we have been given every test that you could possibly come up against at this point .
I do n’t think that there is anything left ! [ laughs ]
I think every relationship needs to go through that and that is what has given us longevity .
As an artist , how do you think you have evolved from the first record all the way to the release of ‘ Korn III – Remember Who You Are ” ?
I guess with the first record , we were laying the groundwork for who were were .
I guess at the time we were kinda making what we felt .
Over the years , we started experimenting and trying to make these big , epic songs and trying to show our musicianship skills .
With this new record , we wanted to go back to the beginning of how we were writing those on fire , bangin ’ , poppin ’ riff songs and we kinda just went back to that .
What was the writing process like for this record ?
We would all meet at the studio , which was a 10,000 square foot studio , but we would go to this little back storage area that was 8 ’ x 10 ’ , put all our equipment in there and jam out because back in the early days that was all we had , a little , tiny place to play .
We were just trying to recapture that feeling of being together in a little room .
We just jam out as a band and make up the songs day by day as a band .
Another element from the band ’s early days was producer Ross Robinson .
What was it like working with him again years later ?
When we got in the studio , we started writing right away and then Ross showed up .
It felt the same as when we left off with him in 1992 - 1993 .
It was almost like no time had passed .
I know Jonathan said this was an emotionally brutal recording session .
Where you prepared for that going into the studio ?
I think that Jon kind of expected it because he really digs in with everything that he has got .
Was that a difficult experience for the rest of the band , dealing with his emotional state while recording ?
Ya know , it is kinda hard to see someone digging in like that .
Jon went through some heavy emotions and was crying .
To sit back and watch it was difficult .
I was like “ Man , it sucks that he is going through all that .
I do n’t think I could do it . ”
But I guess that is why he is Jonathan and I am Fieldy ! [ laughs ]
It really seems that the band has stabilized its lineup with the addition of Ray Luzier on drums .
What has he added to the mix ?
Working with Ray has felt so natural .
It ’s not forced and I think that is why it works so well .
Ray has been known to do drum clinics around the world and has an amazing reputation but he did n’t come in trying to show off all these skills .
He knew what we needed and knew what Korn was about .
He fit the mold and did n’t come in with this “ Check me out everybody ! ” attitude .
It really just clicked and we are really happy with him !
Was that the biggest challenge in making this record ?
I guess the biggest challenge was — making the record was so much fun because we were going to the studio , jammin ’ out and having so much fun .
So it was n’t a difficult process .
Probably the biggest challenge in all honesty was driving from Orange County to Hollywood every day because of the traffic ! [ laughs ]
It kinda wears you out !
I was even at the point where I was taking the train back and forth , just to mix it up a little bit .
Everything else was just smooth and natural because we were just being Korn .
We went in with the mindset of just making what we felt was Korn .
Sometimes we would get off track and started writing some crazy song and we would say “ Wait , let ’s get back into what Korn does . ”
You guys still manage to tour extensively .
This year you have done the Ballroom Blitz Tour and you are currently out on The Mayhem Festival .
Is life on the road easy or harder on you now as opposed to when you started out ?
It is a lot easier now because we got to the point where we just understood how to tour and what comes along with it .
Probably the hardest part of it at this point is being away from our families .
If I did n’t have the family , I would absolutely love touring , it is fun !
You have to travel a lot of years before you figure out how to do it .
At this point , I think that we ’ve got it down ! [ laughs ]
I know that you have a solo project in the works .
What can you tell us about StillWell and any idea on when we might expect it ?
I just finished mixing the last song for StillWell .
I play guitar in this project !
That has been a lot of fun for me because I started out as a guitar player .
I ’ve got Q Unique on vocals , Ess Spider on Bass and I ’ve got Wuv from P.O.D. playing drums .
The music is called “ Street Metal ” .
We are actually looking for a deal right now .
I am supposed to meet with some people today about that .
We are looking for a “ different type ” of deal to release it .
So , it is finished !
The name of the album is “ Surrounded By Lairs . ”
Will you be touring in support of that project ?
We will probably do something in February because Korn is pretty booked up right now .
We are going to Europe after the Mayhem tour , then we are going to Japan .
So we will probably take a little time in November and December to chill out because we have been touring non-stop .
My plan would be to have StillWell open up for Korn .
It ’s easy !
People say “ How do you do that ?!! ” but really an opening band really only plays for 20 to 25 minutes .
That is easy !
It is fun to go rock out ! [ laughs ]
You guys came of age in an era where the big record companies dominated and now the game has totally changed .
Being in the music industry as long as you have , are there still surprises ?
Yeah , man !
It has changed a lot !
For us , it is all about touring .
The music industry has changed so much , to the point where everybody just burns CDs or it ’s on your iPod .
It is almost like CDs are obsolete .
My youngest daughter is 8 months old but I think that by the time that she is a teenager I will show her a CD and she will say “ What ’s that ! ” [ laughs ]
A good example is StillWell .
I was talking to my singer Q and said “ Let ’s put a product out a T - shirt or a doll and you would get the StillWell CD for free with it . ”
Today , you just want people to get it the music and hopefully give them a little extra in return .
Korn has always been a little ahead of the curve on that in regards to marketing , dating all the way back to the home videos , to the “ After School Specials ” , to the special concert events for album releases and even the launch of Family Values .
As a fan , I have always appreciated the time that you take to give so much back .
Thank you !
Yeah , we just try to understand where the fans are coming from .
You have to think like that instead of being mad about the situation .
That is what we always try to do , to be on the fan ’s side .
In your opinion , what does the future hold for Korn ?
We are just focused on the new album , ‘ Korn III – Remember Who You Are ’ , which just came out two days ago .
Really , it is all about seeing what happens with that .
We are out on tour trying to promote it and then we will see what happens .
I guess I need about five more days !
[ laughs ]
It takes a week before you know where you are with SoundScan and you know what the sales numbers for the album are and if people are digging it or not .
Until then , you just do n’t know !
I ca n’t remember a time where I did n’t head out on the first day to pick up a Korn album and you guys have definitely made a record that lives up to your previous work .
Thanks , man !
We appreciate it !
Korn spearheaded a boycott of BP and many artists took notice and joined the movement .
Has the reaction to that movement surprised you ?
I guess when you do something like that , you get both positive and negative feedback .
There has been both in this case .
The whole thing that we are trying to do is positive .
The people who are being negative about it , if I ask them “ Well , what are you trying to do about it , ” most of the time the response is “ Nothing , but I want to do this . ”
To that I say , “ Well , do something then ! ”
Like I said , most of the naysayers are n’t doing anything more than pointing a finger .
Is there something that jumps out at you in your mind as the defining moment of your career ?
When we did Woodstock ‘ 99 in Rome , New York .
We did a show and I think there were 300,000 people .
We hit the stage and because of the way that music travels , sound does n’t reach the people until later .
So when we started with “ Blind ” , people started hopping and it made a wave because the people in the back were n’t hearing the music until later because of the way the sound travels .
We just saw a sea , a wave of people and you could n’t even see the end because 300,000 people is a city !
Just seeing that amount of people was amazing .
There was another point where the crowd put their lighters up in the air .
To see that amount of people do that was crazy .
The whole experience was absolutely mind - blowing !
I do n’t think that we have done anything since then that could top that because that is as big a moment as they come !
You certainly have left your mark on the music landscape .
As a career musician , what is the best piece of advice that you would give to someone looking to make music their livelihood ?
I guess I would tell them to put 100 % into their practicing but at the same time , find some people around you that you can trust that are n’t “ Yes Men ” .
A lot of people get stuck in these bands where people are telling them what they want to hear .
Find someone that you can trust and respect musically and listen to what they have to say because there is so much ego involved when you are in a band .
Most of the time it is a bunch of egomaniacs .
Put your ego aside , find someone that you can trust and listen to them , so you do n’t get stuck in some band that goes no where forever !
Is there anything that you would like to say to your fans before I let you go ?
Yes .
I would like to thank all of our fans for their support and loyalty .
It has almost become this weird sorta family , ya know ?
Thank you all for supporting us for all of these years .
We truly appreciate it .
– –
For all the latest news and tour dates for Korn , visit their official website at www.korn.com.
For more on Fieldy ’s side project StillWell , visit the official profiles on Myspace and Facebook .
Fieldy released his autobiography in 2009 .
‘ Got the Life : My Journey of Addiction , Faith , Recovery and Korn ’ is a no-holds - barred look at his extreme highs , drug - and - booze - fueled lows , and , finally , redemption through a conversion to Christianity .
Got the Life is simultaneously an insider ’s look at rock n’ roll superstardom — the good , the bad , and everything in between — and a survivor ’s story of a life brought back from the precipice by a new found belief in religious salvation .
With never - before - seen photos , and never - before - heard stories , the book is raw , candid , and inspiring — the ultimate story of rock and redemption .
Learn more at this location >
Jason Price founded the mighty Icon Vs. Icon more than a decade ago .
Along the way , he ’s assembled an amazing group of like - minded individuals to spread the word on some of the most unique people and projects on the pop culture landscape .
Washington ( CNN ) -- U.S. airlines make billions of dollars in fees for check - on luggage , refreshments and other services formerly included in ticket prices , but consumers have a hard time figuring out how much they 'll pay in total to fly , a congressional committee heard Wednesday .
The House subcommittee on aviation held the sometimes contentious hearing to consider a U.S. Government Accountability Office report on the fees airlines have charged in recent years on unbundled services that once were considered part of the ticket price .
" Fees for optional services ... are not fully disclosed to passengers at the time of booking , " said a summary of the report , which noted that airlines reported revenue of $ 7.9 billion from baggage fees and reservation change and cancellation fees in calendar years 2008 and 2009 .
Witnesses from GAO , the Department of Transportation and associations for air travel and travel agents all urged the government to require uniform pricing information from airlines to help consumers make easy comparisons .
" The government must step in , " said Kyle Moore of Sabre Travel Industry Group , appearing on behalf of major travel - agent groups .
" We do n't believe airlines will do this on their own . "
Kevin Mitchell , chairman of the Business Travel Coalition , said airlines realize more profits from " complexity and confusion " that can cause travelers to pay significantly more for a flight than they thought when they purchased the ticket .
" Had you known that before , you might have made different choices , " Mitchell said of consumers .
However , Spirit Airlines President and CEO Ben Baldanza defended the practice of unbundling , saying it allows his airline to charge lower fares and " allows the customers the choice to purchase the services or not . "
Baldanza 's brusque manner prompted clashes with two committee members .
Rep. Peter DeFazio , D - Oregon , and Baldanza cut each other off with rising voices when DeFazio questioned if Spirit Airlines made more money when it unbundled baggage charges and other fees from ticket prices .
Later , Rep. Laura Richardson , D - California , admonished Baldanza for his brash style , saying , " I 'd appreciate not being yelled at like you just did with my colleague here . "
When Baldanza attempted to answer a question with an explanation , Richardson cut him off , saying a simple " yes " or " no " would suffice .
" I reserve my time , " Richardson said to Baldanza , referring to the committee rules that allot panel members time to question witnesses .
" That 's how it works around here . "
Another witness , Dave Ridley of Southwest Airlines , said it was up to individual airlines to decide what business model to use regarding fee structures .
He noted that Southwest has been successful by resisting the industry shift toward unbundling fees and does not charge for checked bags , changing reservations or other services .
" Fees are a business decision best made by each airline , " Ridley said , adding that the federal government should make sure all fees are disclosed to consumers .
Robert Rivkin , the Department of Transportation 's general counsel , said government officials are looking at ways to tighten regulations on how airlines inform consumers of such fees .
" We believe that the proliferation of these fees and the manner in which they are presented to the traveling public can be confusing and in some cases misleading , " Rivkin said .
Published fares used by consumers to choose flights do n't " clearly represent the cost of travel when these services are added . "
Changes under consideration would require full disclosure of " mandatory " costs , including taxes , fees and other charges paid by all travelers , as well as full disclosure of optional fees for checked bags , seat selection , refreshments , blankets and other services , Rivkin said .
In addition , the department might require reimbursement of baggage fees when bags are not delivered on time , he said .
Another witness , Gerald Dillingham of GAO , noted that airlines already have administrative systems in place to provide the pricing information consumers need .
" It would not be free , but it would not be restrictive " for the airlines , Dillingham said .
In a warning to the industry , panel members asked about the possibility of extending the airline excise tax of 7.5 percent charged on airline tickets to the unbundled fees , which currently escape the tax .
The tax revenue funds the Federal Aviation Administration .
Baldanza of Spirit Airlines opposed the idea , saying the additional tax could harm industry growth .
Ridley of Southwest offered no view on the specific tax in question but said the airline industry already is overtaxed .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Since the economic recession young American women are rethinking their financial priorities , saving more and reducing their debt , according to a new survey .
A Chinese bank employee counts U.S. currency notes at a local bank in Nanjing , capital of east China 's Jiangsu province April 4 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Nearly half of women aged 18 - 39 years old who were questioned in the poll said they are increasing the amount of money they save or invest , compared to 29 percent of those over 40 .
“ As the economy recovers many women , particularly young women , are focusing on making smart choices with their money , and they are not focused on material purchases , ” said Lisa Caputo , of the financial services company Citi , which commissioned the survey .
The younger generation were also more likely than their older counterparts to use extra money to pay off debts .
“ Young women having lived through an economic downturn , many of them for the first time , have experienced the stress and hardship that economic cycles can cause and as a result they are making adjustments in the areas of savings and personal debt , ” Caputo added in an interview .
The Citi telephone poll of 2,000 men and women conducted by Hart Research Associates also revealed that women are more conservative financially than men in spending and buying big ticket items .
Forty percent of men thought it would be a good time to make a big purchase , compared to 33 percent of women , and nearly three quarters of women , compared to 65 percent of men , said if they had extra cash , they would use it to pay bills .
Since the recession both sexes , but particularly women , said they value family , friends and their quality of life more than material goods .
Women are also more likely than men to emphasize what they have learned about the importance of social values .
“ Women are talking about the lessons they are learning from this financial crisis to their children and to their grandchildren and to other family members and friends , ” Caputo explained .
They have also learned to live with a smaller budget more than men .
“ The survey findings show that women overall appear to be well prepared , both mentally and financially , coming out of the depths of a recession , ” Caputo added .
RockPlayer is an optimized video player running on Android system from version 1.6 .
It supports almost all video formats including DivX , avi , mkv , rmvb , etc .
This version runs on processor supporting ARM v7 instruction set .
1.0.31 : Fixed audio lag issue and make file extension recognition case insensitive .
RockPlayer is an optimized video player running on Android system from version 1.6 .
It supports almost all video formats including DivX , avi , mkv , rmvb , etc .
This version runs on processor supporting ARM v7 instruction set .
1.0.31 : Fixed audio lag issue and make file extension recognition case insensitive .
Show full description
Hide full description
ROME ( Reuters ) - Demonstrators from the quake - stricken city of L’Aquila clashed with police on Wednesday before reaching Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ’s house to demand more state help to rebuild their lives .
A man reads a newspaper in a tent camp where earthquake victims are sheltering in L'Aquila April 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Max Rossi / Files
The protest by some 5,000 people paralysed the centre of the Rome and was a major blow for Berlusconi , who has repeatedly presented his hands - on response to the April 2009 quake as one of the main successes of his two - year - old government .
Two people were slightly injured as police in riot gear tried to control the crowd , which managed to bring their protest right outside Berlusconi ’s private residence .
“ Shame on you ! ” the demonstrators shouted .
“ We came here to collectively ask for help and we are being beaten , ” said L’Aquila mayor Massimo Cialente .
Residents of L’Aquila , where more than 300 people were killed in the disaster , complain about the slow reconstruction of their medieval city and want the government to extend tax exemptions for the victims .
The government immediately offered a concession , saying it would allow earthquake survivors to pay unpaid taxes over a period of 10 years instead of five , starting in 2011 .
Berlusconi , who has built his political career as Italy ’s “ Mr Fix It ” , often boasts on television that new houses in the devastated city were built in record time .
He hosted last year ’s G8 summit in L’Aquila in a show of solidarity for the victims .
But residents say that after an initial flurry of headline - grabbing initiatives many have been left to fend for themselves as reconstruction money ran out .
“ The ‘ House Project ’ is a joke .
Only a few people were given new homes .
The rest of us are still in the same situation .
There are no projects to rebuild the historic centre .
L’Aquila is a dead city and we have been forgotten , ” said one demonstrator .
Pierluigi Bersani , the head of the largest opposition party , and former anti-graft magistrate Antonio Di Pietro , who now heads a smaller opposition party , came out of parliament to show their support for the protesters .
The demonstrators also fear that a government austerity budget aimed at reducing the deficit will be a double blow to them because it plans to cut funds to Italy ’s regions .
“ We lost everything and they took us for a ride , ” another demonstrator shouted .
It ’s the software Vikings !
Heh .
And you thought digital piracy was a new problem .
It ’s actually as old as the PC software business itself .
Some of the earliest evidence of this comes from a famous February 1976 open letter to the Homebrew Computer Club in which Bill Gates ( then “ General Partner ” of a small company called Micro - Soft ) protested the rampant “ theft ” of his company ’s popular Altair BASIC .
Reflect on that date for a moment : February 1976 — less than a year after the Altair 8800 launched the personal computer revolution , people were already illegally copying Microsoft products with great abandon .
( Some things never change . )
Of course , selling pre-programmed software for personal computers was a new concept back then .
And heck , personal computers were a new concept back then .
But as time passed and PCs grew in influence , the piracy problem did n’t go away .
In fact , it continued as a hot - button topic throughout most of the 1980s .
BYTE magazine devoted its May 1981 issue to the subject , commissioning its regular cover artist , Robert Tinney , to provide a visual hook for the monthly theme .
Meditating on “ software piracy , ” Tinney concocted a potent and iconographic image of a fierce viking ship cutting through rough seas , its massive floppy disk sail standing at full mast .
To this day , the image ( seen above ) remains Tinney ’s most famous illustration from the BYTE years .
If his prints of this image had n’t sold out long ago , I ’d buy one in a heartbeat .
[ From BYTE , May 1981 ]
Discussion topic of the week :
Do you pirate commercial software ?
Why or why not ?
If you use this image on your site , please support “ Retro Scan of the Week ” by giving us obvious credit for the original scan and entry .
Thanks .
Tags : 1981 , art , BYTE , copyright , magazine cover , piracy , Retro Scan , software piracy
Image caption
The missing animal was a Humboldt penguin
A penguin has been found wandering the streets of Dublin after she was stolen from the zoo in a suspected prank .
The penguin was kidnapped by a gang of men at about 0800 BST from the Phoenix Park in the capital of the Irish Republic .
It was discovered several hours later a few miles away in the north of the city .
It is thought the men broke into the zoo and smuggled the penguin out in a bag before making off in a taxi .
Gardai said officers were alerted to the theft on Thursday morning .
In a statement , Dublin Zoo described the theft as an annoyance and " not amusing " .
" Dublin Zoo confirms that a penguin which had been missing has been returned , " a zoo official said .
" The penguin went missing this morning at 8 am but due to the security measures that are in place at Dublin Zoo and the rapid response of gardai , the penguin was soon recovered and returned .
" Dublin Zoo was naturally relieved that the animal was returned safe and unharmed and back at the zoo . "
The spokesman said the zoo was very annoyed and felt that the incident was neither frivolous nor amusing .
Let ’s not get too excited here , but word on the street — fine , word in several major news outlets on Tuesday — has it that BP was about to try out yet another cap designed to maybe , possibly contain the oil hemorrhaging into the Gulf of Mexico .
But this is only a test .
–KA
The New York Times :
Kent Wells , a senior vice president of the company , said a pressure test , in which valves on the cap would be closed , shutting down the leak for the first time since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded in late April , would probably start later Tuesday and last for 6 to 48 hours .
Mr. Wells said at a briefing in Houston that the installation of the new cap was completed Monday evening , ahead of schedule .
“ It really went extremely well , ” he said .
“ But we know that the job ’s not over yet . ”
Read more
In November , when many Democratic congressmen are shown the door by an angry electorate , North Carolina Representative Bob Etheridge will have a job waiting for him .
His recent manhandling of a student on the streets of Washington D.C. has caught the attention of Vince McMahon .
“ I was impressed with his quick anger and firm grip , but he needs to work on his acting skills .
I ’m hoping that , with enough training , he can become another Howard Presnell , ” said the WWE founder , referring to Chrislip ’s current mayor .
Local residents might remember that Mayor Presnell first gained attention at a political debate by hitting his opponent over the head with a folding chair and then placing him in a sleeper hold until after the election .
Chrislipians have both admired and feared the renegade politician ever since .
The unorthodox political techniques have continued to this day .
Whereas most candidates are known for kissing babies at campaign stops , Mayor Presnell plays an extended version of “ got your nose , ” refusing to return the nose until after his successful reelection .
“ Of course , I realize that , physically , Mayor Presnell did n’t really have my son ’s nose , ” said a Chrislip mother .
“ But you try explaining that to a panicked two year old child , who believes this strange man is walking away with his nose .
At that point , to stop all the screaming , I ’d vote for Rod Blagojevich . ”
It ’s become a Chrislip political tradition to receive from the newly reelected mayor a thank you card featuring the image of a detached nose .
The gimmick has been so successful that during the last election Mayor Presnell began collecting noses at the psychiatric ward of St. Jude ’s Hospital .
“ I do n’t know if that ’s responsible for my most recent reelection , ” said the mayor , “ but it ’s got to be a lot more effective than wrestling students on the streets of Washington , DC .
That ’s just crazy .
Hey , I did give your kid ’s nose back , did n’t I ? ”
Batman director Christopher Nolan says late Australian actor Heath Ledger cannot be replaced as The Joker .
Nolan says he plans to bring back Batman for another film , but The Joker - the villain played so maniacally in The Dark Knight by Ledger - will not be there .
Ledger won an Academy Award for the role a year after his death , making him only the second performer ever to earn an Oscar posthumously .
" For me , Heath was the definitive Joker , " Nolan said in an interview to promote Inception , his latest sci - fi thriller .
" It would n't feel appropriate to readdress that character . "
Ledger died of an accidental prescription drug overdose in January 2008 .
His death stoked fan interest in The Dark Knight , which topped $ US1 billion ( $ A1.14 billion ) at the box office worldwide .
The next Batman film will be the third in the current Warner Bros incarnation of the franchise , which stars Christian Bale as the vigilante superhero .
Nolan would not disclose what villain or villains might feature in the film .
It is due out in 2012 .
- ABC/AAP
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D. , Neb . ) said through a spokesman that he also supported extending all the expiring tax cuts for now , adding that he wanted to offset the impact on federal deficits as much as possible .
They are the second and third Senate Democrats to come out publicly in recent days in favor of extending all the tax breaks for the time being .
Sen. Evan Bayh ( D. , Ind. ) made similar comments last week .
snip President Barack Obama and most Democrats want to extend only the breaks benefiting taxpayers who make $ 250,000 or less .
Wall Street Journal
Wealthier Americans stand to gain from an election - year fight over extending trillions of dollars in tax cuts enacted under former President George W. Bush .
While Democrats and Republicans alike want to keep the 2001 and 2003 tax reductions for families earning up to $ 250,000 , President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats want to end the break for those who earn more .
Republicans , contending a recovery from recession is no time to raise taxes , insist on continuing the Bush - era cuts for high - income people as well .
As Congress returns this week , the looming fight over one of the biggest battles of the session will play out in a midterm election season that will determine who controls Congress and ultimately who makes long - term decisions over taxes .
Tax Cuts for Wealthy May Get Reprieve if Democrats Blink
If they extend those tax cuts for the wealthy , unions will be gone , progressives will be gone , and there will be a party of few that will be kicked to the curb by corporate power having outlived its usefullness .
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN .
On this , President Obama will stand strong .
Remember , Republicans and turncoat Dems always have a reason to cut taxes on the rich .
There is a surplus in the budget ( 2001 ) and we must cut taxes on the rich .
There is a recession ( 2001 ) so we must cut taxes on the rich .
The sun is shining , so we must cut taxes on the rich .
It 's raining , so we must cut taxes on the rich .
Until recently , it was a given that President Barack Obama would make good on his campaign pledge to let the Bush - era tax cuts that benefited wealthy Americans expire at the end of this year .
Ditto for his promise to maintain the tax cuts for households earning up to $ 250,000 a year .
This being an election year and the economic recovery looking shaky , Washington is having a rethink .
While lawmakers from both parties want to keep the tax reductions for families earning less than $ 250,000 , Republicans say this is no time to raise taxes and insist on continuing the cuts for high - income families , too .
Now a game of political chicken is unfolding , and wealthy Americans could benefit .
All the tax cuts ( passed under President George W. Bush in 2001 and 2003 ) will expire on Dec. 31 if Congress fails to act , an outcome neither party desires .
The middle - class reductions gave couples a 10 percent rate on their first $ 14,000 in income , subsidies for college expenses , a higher child credit , and relief from the marriage penalty .
Yahoo News : .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , whose backing of George W. Bush ’s 2001 tax cuts helped persuade Congress to pass them , said lawmakers should allow the reductions to expire at the end of this year .
" They should follow the law and let them lapse , " Greenspan said in an interview on Bloomberg Television ’s " Conversations with Judy Woodruff , " citing a need for the tax revenue to reduce the federal budget deficit .
Greenspan Says Congress Should Let Bush 's Tax Cuts Lapse
No additional stimulus for jobs , 40 votes and a filibuster against unemployment extensions , and they dare to ask to extend Bush 's tax cuts for those over $ 250,000 .
Conrad , Bayh , and Nelson are whores for the wealthy .
We need to vote this down , and do it in a way that places the blame for increasing taxes on those making under $ 250,00 squarely on the Republicans and whorish Dems .
9.5 % unemployment and they do little .
But rich people 's taxes , they jump right away into action .
Fuck you Conrad , Bayh , and Nelson .
This one shows exactly which side you are on .
I have confidence in President Obama to stop Conrad and his scummish compatriots .
No more Bushanomics .
Update I : From the comments , on TPM Conrad tries to walk it back a bit :
" I was answering what would be my reaction to the circumstance we face , " Conrad explained .
" My reaction would be do n't cut spending , do n't raise taxes and that would mean on anyone .
But this is the time to prepare to pivot , to put together a plan that does bring deficits and debt down over the more extended period of time . "
Conrad said he'd be happy sunsetting the Bush tax cuts on the wealth after 18 - 24 months .
But faced with a choice between the Republican plan -- indefinite tax cuts on the rich -- and the Democratic plan -- ending tax cuts on the rich this year -- Conrad was crystal clear .
" [ Republicans ] will absolutely explode the debt , " he said .
Not enough for me .
Two more years is not acceptable .
They always have a reason .
Conrad is doing to this what he did to the public option with coops .
Phony compromises .
Fuck you , Sen. Conrad .
Update II .
Madame Speaker says no !
The Hill : Pelosi rejects extending Bush tax cuts for wealthy
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) on Thursday rejected extending tax cuts for the wealthiest tax bracket that are set to expire at the end of the year .
Pelosi took off the table a short - term extension of those cuts floated by some lawmakers in her own party .
" No , " the speaker said at her weekly press conference when asked if the cuts for the highest bracket should be extended .
" Our position has been that we support middle - class tax cuts . " snip " I believe the high - end tax cuts did not create any jobs , increased the deficit and should be repealed , " she said .
Speaker Pelosi is fighting for working people .
Photo Gallery Forbidden Photos of Everyday Life in East Germany
Photographer Siegfried Wittenburg angered officials in East Germany during the 1980s with his pictures showing the drabness of life under communism .
The authorities forbade him to exhibit them , even though they portrayed ordinary scenes people were confronted with every day .
Facebook has announced it will allow a " panic button " application on its social networking site .
The button , aimed at children and teenagers , will report abuse to the UK Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre ( Ceop ) and Facebook .
Once installed , the application appears on their homepage to say that " they are in control online " .
The launch follows months of negotiation between Ceop and Facebook , which initially resisted the idea .
Ceop , the government law enforcement agency tasked with tracking down online sex offenders , called for a panic button to be installed on social networking sites last November .
Bebo became the first network to add the button with MySpace following suit , but Facebook resisted the change , saying its own reporting systems were sufficient .
Pressure mounted on Facebook following the rape and murder of 17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall by a 33 - year - old convicted sex offender , posing as a teenage boy , who she met on Facebook .
Forty - four police chiefs in England , Wales and Scotland , signed a letter backing Ceop 's call for a panic button on every Facebook page .
' Reassurance for parents '
The agreement to launch a child safety application is the culmination of months of negotiation between Ceop and Facebook .
Jim Gamble , Ceop 's chief executive , said in a statement : " Our dialogue with Facebook about adopting the ClickCeop button is well documented - today however is a good day for child protection .
" By adding this application , Facebook users will have direct access to all the services that sit behind our ClickCeop button which should provide reassurance to every parent with teenagers on the site . "
Facebook 's head of communications in the UK , Sophy Silver , told BBC News that the new app would integrate reporting into both Facebook and Ceop 's systems .
" Both sides are happy as to where we have got , " she said .
" We still have the Facebook reporting system and by having a pre-packaged application that users play an active part in , you not only help keep them safe , it makes all of their friends aware too , and acts as a viral awareness campaign .
" Ultimately though , this makes for a safer environment for users and that 's the most important part , " she added .
In addition to the online reporting application , a new Facebook / Ceop page is being set up , with a range of topics that , it is hoped , will be of interest to teenagers , such as celebrities , music and exams .
It will link these subjects to questions about online safety .
Facebook ' panic button ' :
Your comments
Still , several legal specialists in matters related to leaks of classified information say that prosecuting Mr. Assange or WikiLeaks on charges that they had violated the Espionage Act would face many hurdles , from the diplomatic difficulty in persuading a country to arrest and extradite Mr. Assange to an array of legal defenses he could mount if the United States managed to detain him .
Mr. Assange is an Australian activist who has operated in various European cities .
Susan Buckley , a partner at the law firm Cahill Gordon & Reindel who specializes in communications law , said the Espionage Act had rarely been used and so there were few guides for how such a novel case would play out .
For example , it is not clear whether the law applies to foreigners for actions overseas , although she noted that in a 1985 case , a judge ruled that the law did apply abroad .
It would also be highly unusual to use the law to go after the recipient and disseminator of a leak , rather than just the person who provided the information .
Several scholars said they were aware of only one previous attempt to bring such a prosecution — the 2005 indictment of two former staff members of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee who were accused of passing on information about American policy toward Iran from a military analyst to Israel .
In 2009 , prosecutors dropped the case after several court rulings that they said had sharply diminished the likelihood that they would win a conviction .
But the Aipac case was controversial from the start , in part because it was seen as a step toward prosecuting journalists who write about classified matters , and a prosecution of Mr. Assange and WikiLeaks could also raise First Amendment issues .
A military spokesman noted that the Army had legal jurisdiction only over service members , and so any decision to prosecute WikiLeaks would be up to the Justice Department .
A spokesman said the Justice Department would “ not speculate on where the investigation may or may not lead or various other hypothetical scenarios . ”
Mr. Assange has not said where he obtained the documents .
But a military intelligence analyst , Pfc. Bradley Manning , has been charged with leaking other classified documents and videos that have appeared on the WikiLeaks Web site .
The disclosure of documents containing the names of Afghan informants , which was reported Tuesday in The Times of London , could further complicate the Obama administration ’s efforts to manage the course of the war in Afghanistan .
EMBATTLED
Surfers Paradise police are embroiled in a fresh misconduct probe after a retired businessman was allegedly brutalised and thrown in a cell .
Lindsay Walters , 61 , says he was subjected to shocking treatment at Surfers Paradise police station last month when he went in to pay a fine for his son .
He claims he was sworn at , handcuffed and threatened that his arms would be broken .
The wealthy Paradise Waters businessman has made a formal complaint to the Crime and Misconduct Commission alleging unlawful arrest , deprivation of liberty and serious assault .
Today , Police Minister Neil Roberts said he had ordered a thorough investigation .
`` Any allegations against an individual has the possibility of tarnishing the reputation of everyone so of course it's of concern , '' he told the ABC .
`` There has been some quite serious allegations made in this particular instance and it needs to be thoroughly investigated .
`` That will happen and if wrongdoing has occurred then appropriate action needs to be taken . ''
The CMC says the case could amount to official misconduct and has referred the allegations to the police Ethical Standards Command .
It is the latest scandal for Surfers police , who are at the centre of a major CMC probe into allegations of involvement in the Glitter Strip 's nightclub drug trade .
In a police statement , Mr Walters said he went to Surfers police station on May 4 after two officers called at his home that day in relation to an arrest warrant for his 28 - year - old son Ben over an unpaid traffic fine in Victoria .
He said he arranged to pay the $ 1000 fine for his son but when he went to the station was told the officer handling the matter was out .
He said he asked civilly several times to speak with the officer - in - charge .
An officer eventually emerged and allegedly told him : `` You 've got two ( expletive ) choices sit there and wait or I 'll arrest you . ''
Mr Walters said he replied : ``Well , that wo n't happen , because I 'll leave . ''
He said he was affronted by the officer 's demeanour and turned to walk out .
`` Before I exited , I turned and said , `excuse me , can I have your name please ? '''
Mr Walters said in the statement .
`` At this instant , the officer burst through a door , strode quickly over to me and seized my left forearm .
He forced my arm behind my back and said `you 're under arrest ' .
I felt an intense burning pain in my shoulders and neck .
I said , `why am I being arrested ? '.
The officer replied : ` An outstanding warrant ' . ''
Despite his protestations , Mr Walters said his arms were forced back and he was handcuffed , causing intense pain .
He admits to ``some resistance '' but said he was ``shocked and amazed '' by the way he was treated .
He said that as he was being handcuffed , the officer said : ``Stop resisting or I 'll break your ( expletive ) arms . ''
Mr Walters said his belongings were seized and he was forced into a cell .
He was released about 15 minutes later when the officer who had been handling his son's warrant returned .
The officer apologised for his colleague 's conduct and accepted the $ 1000 fine payment , Mr Walters said .
He said the officer who locked him up threatened to charge him with public nuisance but he was released without charge .
`` If I was playing up , why did n't they charge me ? '' he said yesterday .
``I was humiliated and treated like a common criminal ... all for trying to do the right thing .
``I 've never been in trouble with the law and some of my closest friends are serving and retired police , but this bloke ( the officer ) deserves to lose his job over this .
I 'm not going to let him get away with it . ''
A police spokeswoman confirmed an internal investigation into the incident was under way .
Originally published as Dad locked up after asking name
Studies of underground water tables in Victoria 's north and west have revealed a significant new store of geothermal energy reserves .
Geothermal energy is a clean renewable resource and is generated from hot rocks and aquifers deep below the earth 's surface .
The State Government and Geoscience Victoria , have undertaken large studies of underground energy over the last year and released a new map of available reserves to attract investment .
The Energy and Resources Minister , Peter Batchelor , says Stawell , Horsham , Mildura , and Ballarat , have all been identified as new areas with significant energy potential .
" These are good results , they 're better than we expected , " he said .
" We had very limited data available and to help encourage geothermal exploration , we 've provided this atlas for more detailed information . "
In a move designed to coincide with the pope 's visit to Britain in September , London buses are to carry posters calling for the ordination of women .
The initiative , from the UK group Catholic Women 's Ordination ( CWO ) , will see buses carrying the slogan " Pope Benedict Ordain Women Now " .
According to the weekly Catholic magazine the Tablet , CWO has paid about £ 10,000 for the posters to appear on 10 buses for a month from August 30 .
The pope will be in the UK from September 16 , spending two days in the capital , and the posters will appear on routes that go past Westminster Cathedral and Westminster Hall .
Both venues feature on the papal itinerary .
Last Thursday the Vatican issued sweeping changes to its laws on sexual abuse , extending the period in which charges can be filed against priests in church courts and broadening the use of fast - track procedures to defrock them .
But while the document dealt mostly with paedophilia , it also stated that the " attempted ordination of a woman " to the priesthood was one of the most serious crimes in church law .
The mention of both issues in the same breath caused anger within some groups , especially those in favour of women priests , and prompted a Vatican official to clarify its position , saying the crimes were of a different nature and gravity .
The outcry boosted interest in the movement for female Catholic priests , with CWO receiving donations and dozens of membership inquiries .
One member , Pat Brown , said a press conference would be held during the papal visit at which the group would make its case for ordaining women .
" We love the church and do n't want to be disruptive .
We are trying to get support and would love to have five minutes with the pope .
We are very concerned about what is going on in the church at the moment . "
Buses have become the preferred vehicle for believers and nonbelievers to promote their cause to the wider public .
The trend started in January 2009 , when a group of atheists arranged for an " upbeat and positive " message to counter slogans of hellfire and damnation from some churches .
Organisers exceeded their modest £ 5,500 fundraising target , receiving more than £ 150,000 , and their success encouraged atheist and humanist groups around the world to carry out similar campaigns .
The advert , the idea of writer Ariane Sherine , bore the words " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life " .
It was one of the top 10 most complained about adverts of that year .
A parody advert soon followed from the Christian Party , which claimed : " There definitely is a God. So join the Christian Party and enjoy your life " .
It drew 1,045 objections , making it the fourth most complained about advert since records at the Advertising Standards Authority began .
The Big Bang .
Read it below - be warned it contains SPOILERS - and visit the finale section
PLEASE NOTE :
This synopsis contains SPOILERS !
The BBC have issued a press release for the final episode in this series , .
Read it below - be warned it contains SPOILERS - and visit the finale section HERE
The Doctor is gone , the Tardis has been destroyed , and the universe is collapsing .
The only hope for all reality is a little girl who still believes in stars , as this series of Doctor Who concludes with an episode written by Steven Moffat .
The Big Bang is due to air 6.05 - 7 pm , June 26 on BBC One
Labels : Cracktor Who , Finale Spoilers , new series finale , new series spoilers , Series 5 , series 5 spoilers , the big bang , the pandorica opens , x why not visit - http://cracktorwho.blogspot.com
Chinese wages , yuan appreciation , and global rebalancing
In the past couple weeks , the two big stories out of the Chinese economy have been reports of labor unrest and rising wages , and the news a few days ago that China would slowly allow the appreciation of its currency .
The former is an important development in the path toward a more stable post - crisis global economy ; the latter , though welcome , is largely a political sideshow .
First to the news about wages .
Increasing the wage share in the Chinese economy is probably the single best way to address global imbalances ( the other needed change is an increase in US savings rates , but this might have to wait until after the recovery is solidified ) .
The reason is simple : in any economy , final household consumption can be thought of as the result of two ratios : first , out of total GDP , how much income flows to households in the form of wages and other transfers , less taxes ; second , of total household income , how much is spent on consumption vs. saved .
When looking to explain China ’s low consumption , most commentators have focused on the second of these two ratios : they picture the thrifty Chinese family , squirreling away all of its income to pay for their children ’s education and future health expenses .
Now if you believe this story , the only way to increase Chinese consumption is to convince Chinese households they no longer need to save as much — in other words , to build a resilient and wide - reaching social safety net and quality public schools ( something we ’re still struggling with here in the US ) and induce a cultural shift away from saving toward spending .
A difficult task indeed .
But the good news is , that story is n’t really true , or at least is n’t the whole story .
Chinese household savings is high , but it ’s not thaaaat high .
As the graph below shows , Chinese household savings increased during the 1990s , but between 1999 and 2006 was pretty much flat , bouncing around just below 25 percent ; certainly high by US standards , but not so much by Asian standards .
It ’s edged up a little in the past few years , but only to about 27 percent — still well below India ’s rate , yet you rarely hear people complaining that Indian households save too much .
So Chinese final household consumption is low not because household savings rates are too high , but because Chinese household income is too low .
The upside of this is the fact that increasing Chinese consumption does n’t require complex institution building and cultural shifts ; all it takes is getting more money to households .
And with growing pressure to increase wages , it looks like soon they will be .
( For more see this recent paper for Brookings here , and for a more academic take see here . )
So where does the Chinese currency fit in here ?
Well , the short answer is , it does n’t .
Structural forces in the Chinese economy , like the total wage share , are far more important than small adjustments in the exchange rate .
A slow , gradual appreciation of the yuan is ultimately in both China ’s and the global economy ’s interest , but it ’s not going to have nearly the impact you ’d expect based on the political rhetoric in both China and the US .
I do n’t really understand how the exchange rate got to be such a loaded political issue , where the US looks weak if it ca n’t force China to appreciate its currency , and China looks like its bowing to foreign interference if it takes minimal steps to bring its exchange rate more in line with its competitiveness .
Which brings me to the last point I ’ll make , which is that there is some real benefit of China ’s recent decision to inch the yuan upwards , but it has little to do with any actual economic forces .
Thanks to this week ’s announcement , now a ) the G20 can focus on real problems , like Europe ’s mess , rather than getting locked in a debate over the yuan , and b ) hopefully the rhetoric in both China and the US will be toned down , and the likelihood of a trade war between the world ’s two most powerful economies during a very fragile global recovery will decrease .
So at least some good will come of it .
Darlings of the avant - garde , the Dutch duo Viktor & Rolf have wowed the fashion and design worlds since the early ’90s .
In 2008 , the designers created a three - story dollhouse with 55 miniature porcelain dolls ( each doll approximately 2 feet tall ) for a solo exhibition , which covered 15 years of their design work , at the Barbican Art Gallery in London .
Updated to include the past two years , a current show at Studio Job Gallery in Antwerp , which is on view through July 16 , features one design from each of Viktor & Rolf ’s whimsical collections from the past 17 years .
Click through for a gallery of our favorites .
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
Viktor & Rolf " Dolls " at Studio Job Gallery , Antwerp
We 've been waiting anxiously for the next project from Shane Carruth , writer / director of the mind - bending time - travel story Primer .
And now a website has gone up for his second film , A Topiary , bearing a cryptic message .
What does it mean ?
Advertisement
According to Wikipedia , one of the stars of Primer tweeted that A Topiary was in the early stages of pre-production .
And Rian Johnson , director of Brick and the forthcoming time - travel movie Looper , tweeted last year that Carruth has " a mind - blowing scifi script .
Let 's all pray to the movie gods that he gets it made soon . "
According to the Whois registrar info , Carruth registered ATopiary.com a year ago , but the site seems to have gone live more recently than that , since one of our readers has been googling " a topiary " on a regular basis for a while .
So fingers crossed this new site actually means the project is moving forward .
[ Thanks Andrew ! ]
Britain 's leading economics thinktank yesterday accused all three main parties ‑ and particularly Labour ‑ for failing to come clean over the scale of tax rises , welfare cuts and spending retrenchment necessary after the election .
In an attack on the " vague " plans sketched out by Labour , Conservatives and Liberal Democrats , the Institute for Fiscal Studies also claimed the Tories were planning the sharpest spending cuts since the second world war , while the Labour and Lib Dem spending slowdowns amounted to the biggest retrenchment since the IMF crisis in the mid-1970s .
The IFS said that no party had gone " anywhere near identifying " the cuts they will need to meet their various deficit reduction timetables .
The attack leaves all three parties with awkward questions to answer ahead of tomorrow 's televised leaders debate , focused on the economy .
In a damning assessment the IFS says : " Repairing the public finances will be the defining domestic policy task of the next government .
For the voters to be able to make an informed choice in this election , the parties need to explain clearly how they would go about achieving it .
Unfortunately they have not .
The opposition parties have not set out their fiscal targets clearly , and all three are particularly vague on their plans for public spending .
The blame for that lies primarily with government for refusing to hold a spending review before the election . "
Concern over Britain 's deficit intensified last night as markets fell heavily when Greece was downgraded to " junk " status by credit rating agencies .
Shares in London saw their biggest drop of the year , with the FTSE 100 closing down 150 points , amid fears that the Greek crisis was spreading to other heavily - indebted countries .
Standard & Poor 's cut Greece 's credit rating to junk status and also downgraded its view of Portugal .
With Labour using its election broadcast to claim the Tories were planning secret cuts , the business secretary , Lord Mandelson , came under pressure at the party 's morning press conference to set out Labour 's own cuts programme .
The IFS report suggests that by 2014 - 15 , the Tories will need to find £ 64bn a year cuts in their unprotected areas , but the Conservatives have only detailed less than a fifth of the cuts that they would need .
Labour needs to find cuts of £ 51bn , but has identified only an eighth .
The Liberal Democrats need to identify almost £ 47bn cuts , and have identified a quarter .
The different cuts required by each party reflects the degree to which each party plans to make tax rises , as opposed to spending cuts , take the strain of reducing the deficit , as well as the speed with which they want to cut the deficit .
But the IFS expressed scepticism about the prospects of the next government ‑ of any political colour ‑ being able to deliver spending cuts on a scale not seen for at least 30 years through proposed efficiency savings .
" This may suggest that all the parties are being overambitious in the extent to which they expect spending on public services to take the strain , " said Robert Chote , the IFS director .
" If so , the next government may rely more on further tax increases and welfare cuts than any of the parties are willing to admit to beforehand . "
The IFS also estimated that Labour 's package helped the poorest most , and the Tories was the least progressive .
The report goes out of its way to criticise David Cameron 's plans not to go ahead with Labour 's planned rise in national insurance .
It estimates that Labour is likely to find an extra £ 7bn in tax per year by 2016 - 17 to meet its goals , the Conservatives will need to raise taxes by £ 3bn , and the Liberal Democrats have probably set out the tax rises they need .
The IFS said Labour plan to cut the deficit with a 2 to 1 ratio between spending cuts and tax increases , the Liberal Democrats 2 ½ to 1 and the Conservatives 4 to 1 .
While the IFS would not be drawn on which taxes might be raised after polling day , many City analysts believe the likeliest target would be an increase in VAT from its current rate of 17.5 % to 19 % or 20 % .
The Treasury has already drawn up contingency plans for a VAT increase in the event that an incoming government should deem it necessary to bring down the £ 164bn deficit amassed last year .
Labour says the spending review covering the departmental totals for the three years 2011 - 12 to 2013 - 14 was delayed due to economic uncertainty , and claims that it has set out a clear mix of efficiency savings , cuts and tax rises to halve the deficit by then .
The shadow chief secretary , Phillip Hammond , conceded that none of the parties had given enough detail : " I do n't think any party has identified in detail how they will reduce public spending over the course of the coming parliament . "
He blamed the government for failing to hold a spending review before the election .
" If the government published a comprehensive spending review they would set a baseline and that would be a challenge to the opposition parties then to respond to that . "
But the chancellor , Alistair Darling , said : " When I said the recession would be the most serious for 60 years , I was criticised by the Tories .
When I said if we took action , we get growth again by the end of the year , I was attacked by the Tories .
But when you look at what happened , events have proved my judgments right . "
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A 52 - year - old man who had more than half his life taken away by a wrongful conviction for rape showed no hostility Wednesday as he took his first steps as a free man in 29 years .
Raymond Towler was all smiles as he walked out of the Justice Center in his native Cleveland like a rock star with an entourage .
He will never be known again as Inmate No. A16468 .
He is a free man , at last .
Towler smiled , hugged relatives and friends and shook hands with everyone who extended an arm .
Bystanders stared as he walked through the courthouse with television cameras recording his every step .
Towler entered prison at age 24 for a crime he did n't commit .
But two days after DNA tests proved his innocence , the middle - aged man with a salt - and - pepper beard said he does n't blame anyone for the injustice bestowed upon him .
He said he always knew he'd be exonerated but never expected it to take almost 29 years .
" They had the wrong person , and it took them a while to work it out , " he said , chuckling .
" All I care about right now is that they did straighten it out .
Now I can go on with my life . "
Within moments of walking outside , Towler had to make a choice .
The type of simple choice he had not been forced -- or allowed -- to make in nearly three decades : who would drive him to a restaurant for lunch .
Since 1981 , Towler had been told by guards when and where he could have his meals ; what he could wear ; what he could do .
But at 9:05 a.m. , he strolled into a courtroom wearing a black sweater , white shirt and black dress pants .
He smiled .
His family clapped .
He sat next to his attorneys .
Common Pleas Judge Eileen A. Gallagher asked Towler to be patient as she summarized the case .
She said he can never be tried for the rape again and ordered his record expunged .
Towler looked over his right shoulder and smiled at his relatives .
His brother , Clarance Settles , pumped his fist .
Gallagher fought back tears while declaring Towler a free man .
" Raymond Towler was a wrongfully imprisoned individual , " Gallagher said .
She then read him an Irish blessing .
" Mr. Towler , it 's a long day coming , " she said .
" May the world let the world rise to meet you .
May the wind always be at your back .
May the sun shine warm on your face ... "
She then left the bench and shook Towler 's hands , saying : " Mr. Towler , you 're free to go . "
Towler 's family erupted into applause .
Settles shouted , " Yes , " several times .
They then embraced Towler for the first time as a free man since 1981 .
Moments later , Towler said he does n't hold anybody responsible his wrongful conviction and that he knows prosecutors have jobs to do .
He does n't know what his future holds .
" I want to start a new life , " Towler said .
But first wanted lunch .
" I love pizza , " he said , " that 's what I have been thinking about all night . "
Towler was sentenced to life behind bars in 1981 for the rape of an 11 - year - old Lakewood girl and an attack on her cousin , a 12 - year - old boy .
They identified Towler as the assailant after Metroparks rangers arrested him in as a suspect .
He maintained his innocence and asked in recent years that biological evidence in the case be tested .
Prosecutors received DNA test results Monday night that excluded Towler as the rapist and immediately asked Gallagher to free him .
VIDEO : Raymond Towler , who spent 29 years in prison , walked out of the Justice Center in Cleveland after his life sentence for a rape in 1981 was vacated .
Towler was found innocent through new DNA testing .
Raymond Towler freed after 29 years in prison for rape he did not commit
Ohio law allows wrongfully - imprisoned inmates to receive $ 40,330 for every year spent behind bars .
He could sue the state for more than $ 1.2 million .
He could also seek lost wages for those years .
Mark Godsey , a law professor and director of the Ohio Innocence Project which worked to free Towler , said he was among the longest incarcerated , possibly in the top four , people to be exonerated by DNA in U.S. history .
Another wrongfully - convicted man attended the hearing .
Clarence Elkins was released in 2005 after serving seven years for rape and murder .
He was freed after DNA evidence on the victims was tested and matched another man .
After hugging Towler , Elkins said : " I feel his pain and hurt .
He 's doing a good job with his attitude . "
Sheriff 's deputy Benjamin Kellar and his partner drove Towler from the prison in Lorain County to the Justice Center Tuesday .
Towler told deputies that he was glad to see them but did n't say much during the car ride .
He seemed relaxed and calm , Kellar said .
" He asked us not to get into any car accidents , " Kellar said , laughing .
" He just took in the sights . "
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : mpuente@plaind.com , 216-999-4141
New - home sales tumbled to a record low in May after a government tax credit for home buyers expired , raising more concerns about the outlook for housing 's recovery .
Sales of new homes fell 32.7 % from April to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 300,000 , the Commerce Department said Wednesday .
That was the lowest since the government began compiling data in 1963 .
New - home sales data are based on contracts signed , not closings .
The median sales price in May was $ 200,900 , down 9.6 % from a year earlier and the lowest since December 2003 .
The report followed Tuesday 's news that existing - home sales fell 2.2 % in May , surprising economists who had been expecting an increase .
That 's a concern because renewed weakening in the housing market could delay a broader economic recovery .
For home builders , last month 's plunge in sales points to competition from a glut of existing homes for sale and a significant dropoff in buyer interest .
" The gauges are all saying the credit really increased sales and pushed them from May and into April , " says David Crowe , chief economist at the National Association of Home Builders .
The seasonally adjusted estimate of new houses for sale at the end of May was a low 213,000 .
That represents a supply of 8.5 months at the current sales rate , up from 5.8 months in April .
Even with the plunge in May contracts , the inventory of unsold new homes shrank last month to the lowest level in more than three decades .
The continued decline in inventory puts builders in a better position once demand picks up , which should be this winter , says Bernard Baumohl at The Economic Outlook Group .
To woo buyers , 56 % of home builders are reducing prices or offering optional items at no cost — the same percentage as before the tax credit expired .
The tax credit provided up to $ 6,500 for move - up buyers and up to $ 8,000 for first - time buyers .
R. Randy Lee , CEO of Leewood Real Estate Group in New York , which has built about 6,000 homes in the past 20 years , is offering to match the amount a purchaser would have qualified for under the federal guidelines , and apply it as a credit toward closing costs , until July 4 .
" We finally were able to see this spring that the tax credit was encouraging business , " Lee says .
To claim the tax credit , buyers had to have a purchase contract by April 30 and must close by June 30 .
Congress is considering giving buyers who met the first deadline until Sept. 30 to close .
Other recent reports that help measure the market for home builders are also pessimistic .
Housing starts fell 10 % in May .
" Home builders have seen sales fall off sharply in May , " says Mark Zandi , at Moody 's Economy.com .
" They 're nervous about whether this is temporary or whether sales will be a lot weaker . "
Pulte Homes had expected to see a dropoff in sales , but it 's not yet sure what impact the end of the tax credit will have .
" Who knows what the hangover is going to be , " says Caryn Klebba , a Pulte Homes spokeswoman .
" We do know we expect to be profitable for the year .
" We 've moved away from building on ' spec ' and did n't build on ' spec ' for the tax credit . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
If things go according to plan , in about a month someone at Nestle Waters North America will turn a valve and water will begin running out of a pipeline near Buena Vista and will splash into an empty 8,000 - gallon tanker truck .
It will take roughly an hour for the truck to fill , and then another truck will take its place .
The water will run 24 hours a day , filling approximately 25 trucks each day , every day .
The trucks will drive 120 miles to a Nestle bottling plant in Denver where the water will be used to fill hundreds and thousands and millions of little plastic Arrowhead Springs water bottles , which will then be trucked to convenience markets , grocery stores , movie theaters , and sports palaces around the West .
Each month , Nestle will fill roughly 40.4 million 16.9 ounce bottles with the water from the area ’s Nathrop spring .
By the end of a year , 65 million gallons of Arkansas Valley water will have been driven to Denver , bottled , driven somewhere else , and sold .
Not everyone is happy about this .
Buena Vista and Salida have birthed a protest movement that has been more noisy than effective .
By some estimates , 80 percent of the roughly 17,000 people in Chaffee County are opposed to this diversion of water .
Still , when it came time to issue permits , the three - member Board of County Commissioners was unanimous in approving Nestle ’s plans .
In the end , it was probably a combination of fear and Old - West style property rights values that carried the day for Nestle .
Commissioner Tim Glenn , the lone Democrat on the board , told a local reporter “ Out and out denial of the permit … well you know what would ’ve happened … we would have been sued . ”
Commission Chair Frank Holman , on the other hand , thinks the Nestle deal is good for the county .
“ It is a good thing , ” he said .
“ The county will get 12 to 15 new full - time truck driver jobs out of this .
And those jobs are sorely needed , ” he said .
Fifteen jobs and cash
The water itself comes from an underground aquifer .
Nestle drilled wells and built a five - mile pipeline to deliver the water to a facility in Johnson Village , where its trucks can be filled .
Because Nestle does not own the rights to haul off all of this water , it has leased augmentation water from the City of Aurora , which will be released into the Arkansas River about 15 miles upstream from where Nestle will be getting its water .
Nestle ’s water will come mostly from the underground aquifer , which also feeds springs that flow into the Arkansas .
No one knows to what extent that flow will be curtailed .
Holman plays down concerns .
He said that most of the water Nestle will be draining away would have flowed directly into the Arkansas , so the Aurora augmentation water more than makes up for what will be piped to Johnson Village and poured into trucks .
He adds that the deal is now a matter of private property rights .
Nestle now owns the land where the water originates , he said , and the company has leased the augmentation water to replace the water its carting away , so Nestle is well within its rights .
“ Nestle is a good neighbor , ” he said .
“ They are giving us money to help with schools .
They are creating a conservation easement on their land .
And they are creating river access for fishermen . ”
Nestle has given $ 500,000 to two local school districts as an endowment from which the districts can spend the interest or earnings .
The company has verbally promised to create a conservation easement on most of the land it has purchased , but no easement has yet been recorded .
Once the water starts pumping
Sarah Olson , producer of the award - winning documentary “ Tapped , ” which explores the world of bottled water , said that when Nestle comes to an area , the company often seems like good neighbors to small towns that need jobs and money but , in the end , residents take a different view .
She said that Nestle has a history of pumping more water than its permits allow .
“ Every situation is different , but a lot of things that are in the agreements between Nestle and any community are difficult for the community to monitor .
Once the agreements are signed and Nestle begins pumping water , it is so easy for Nestle to take advantage of people and it is so difficult to stop them . ”
The permit issued to Nestle by the county contains 44 conditions that Nestle needs to meet .
“ We all tried to impress on the commissioners that Nestle would agree to the conditions and then ignore them .
The oversight issue is very real .
Nestle will probably follow the conditions for a while , but two or three years down the road , who knows ? ” said John Graham , president of Chaffee Citizens for Sustainability , a group formed specifically to oppose the Nestle deal .
Nestle spokesperson Catherine Herter told the Colorado Independent that the company enjoys a good , collaborative relationship with the Chaffee County community , but she referred most specific questions to someone else , who so far has not returned calls for comment .
Nestle has spent more than $ 4 million purchasing real estate along the Arkansas .
Some of that land has been drilled for wells .
It also purchased a little over an acre in Johnson Village .
The company originally planned to bottle water from two sources , but one of the sources proved unsuitable , and that is the land , surrounding Big Horn Springs , that may become part of a conservation easement .
Nestle is paying Aurora $ 160,000 a year for the water .
The amount paid increases 5 percent a year for the first 10 years of the lease .
After 10 years , Nestle has the option of requesting a second 10 - year term .
If Aurora agrees , the price will increase 3 percent a year for the final 10 years .
Nestle can break the agreement at any time .
Aurora can only break the deal if it can demonstrate that it needs the water for its own uses .
The Aurora City Council voted 7 to 4 to approve this deal last year .
“ The thing that gets me most fired up , ” said Graham , “ is how illogical it is to take our water , pipe it five miles to a truck plant , send 25 trucks of it to Denver every day , and then put it in plastic bottles .
Considering that anyone can just turn a tap in their home and get the same water .
It is just absurd . ”
Mozilla on Tuesday warned users that a password - stealing add - on slipped into Firefox 's extension gallery more than a month ago had been downloaded nearly 2,000 times before it was detected .
The malicious " Mozilla Sniffer " add - on was yanked from Mozilla 's servers Monday , and added to the Firefox " blocklist , " a last - resort defense that uninstalls potentially - dangerous browser extensions from users ' machines .
Mozilla also notified users of a critical security vulnerability in another add - on , the popular " CoolPreviews , " which currently sits at No. 21 on the Firefox most - downloaded list , saying it had temporarily yanked that plug - in , too .
The Mozilla Sniffer add - on was submitted to the Firefox Add- ons site June 6 , Mozilla announced in a blog post yesterday .
" It was discovered that this add - on contains code that intercepts login data submitted to any website , and sends this data to a remote location , " Mozilla confirmed .
" Anybody who has installed this add - on should change their passwords as soon as possible . "
Mozilla pulled the Sniffer add - on July 12 after it found out about the plug - in 's extracurricular activities , then added it to the blocklist .
" All current [ Mozilla Sniffer ] users should receive an uninstall notification within a day or so , " the company said .
According to Mozilla 's count , the malicious extension had been downloaded about 1,800 times in the last five weeks , and had 334 active users when it was dumped .
Mozilla Sniffer was isolated in the experimental portion of the Add - ons site , where new add - ons are kept until they undergo a public review process .
To install experimental add - ons , Firefox users must view and accept an additional warning .
The situation with CoolPreviews was different .
That add - on , which is downloaded about 77,000 times each week , contained a critical bug that could have been used by hackers to hijack computers .
" The vulnerability can be triggered using a specially crafted hyperlink , " Mozilla explained .
" If the user hovers the cursor over this link , the preview function executes remote JavaScript code with local chrome privileges , giving the attacking script control over the host computer . "
CoolPreviews is billed by its maker , Cooliris , as a Firefox extension that displays previews of Web pages when users pause the mouse pointer over any link .
CoolPreviews 3.01 and earlier editions included the vulnerability ; Mozilla disabled the buggy versions , then posted an update from Cooliris the following day .
The revised CoolPreviews , version 3.1.0625 , was first offered to Firefox users June 25 .
Proof - of - concept attack code that exploits CoolPreviews 3.01 and earlier had been published on a Japanese - language blog , but Mozilla said it knew of no in - the - wild exploits .
As of Tuesday , approximately 177,000 users were running a vulnerable CoolPreviews add - on , said Mozilla , which said that it would add the bug- containing editions to the blocklist " very soon . "
The Sniffer incident was not the first time Mozilla has missed a malicious add - on .
In May 2008 , the company acknowledged that a worm that had gone unnoticed in Firefox 's Vietnamese language add - on for months .
In February 2010 , it warned users that the Sothink Web Video Downloader 4.0 and all versions of Master Filer were infected with a Trojan horse that could spread to the host PC .
Mozilla admitted that under its current practice , add - ons are only scanned for known malware , but said it is trying to come up with a plan to review add - on source code to catch the future Sniffers of the world .
" We 're already working on implementing a new security model for addons.mozilla.org that will require all add - ons to be code - reviewed before they are discoverable in the site , " the company said .
More information about how Mozilla plans to review add - on code can be found in a proposal that was first brought up in September 2009 , but has not yet been implemented .
Mozilla said it would kick off code review as part of revamp of its Developer Tools before the end of this quarter .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Standing at least seven feet tall and full of fancy animatronics , it 's fairly safe to say this lifelike Elite costume , more detailed than any Halo cosplay we 've ever seen , is elite level cosplay .
Advertisement
It was designed by self - taught make up and effects artist Pete Mander , who has created a Halo costume to outdo all others .
( It 's the fuller version of his previously featured animatronic Elite " Halloween mask . " )
It 's totally wearable and huge , plus — as one can see in the making of video below — stuffed with attention to detail .
Advertisement
Mander 's Covenant Elite get - up is so huge because it has built - in stilts , pictures of which you can see at Device MAG .
Mander 's got plenty of experience building suits that will frighten his neighbors and small children , samples of which you should marvel at on his personal web site .
Animatronic Halo Elite Costume Will Have You Screaming " Wart , Wart , Wart ! " [ Device MAG via Digg ]
The rap against W. S. Merwin ’s poetry has been that it is obscure and abstract , as aloof as a balloon on the end of a string .
It ’s true that he ’s an elegant poet , easy to admire but hard to care deeply about .
After a string of masterly books in the late 1960s and early 70s  books like “ The Lice ” ( 1967 ) and “ The Carrier of Ladders ” ( 1970 ) , filled with caustic antiwar poems and visions of the despoiled planet , and adroitly flecked with classical allusion  he took a step back from the modern world .
His remote house in Hawaii  he moved to Maui in the mid-70s  and his interest in Zen Buddhism have sometimes made him seem like a man apart from society , a soul too pure too mix with the frantic heave of life as we know it .
During the second half of his long career he ’s been a ghost outside the machine .
Critics , it seems , wrote him off too early .
Mr. Merwin , now 82 , has been on a late - career sprint , not dissimilar to the one Philip Roth has been running for the past decade and a half .
In 2005 Mr. Merwin won a National Book Award for his career - spanning collection “ Migration : New and Selected Poems . ”
In 2009 he won a Pulitzer Prize , his second , for “ The Shadow of Sirius , ” a pared - down volume filled with simmering , death - haunted cognition .
His poetic nostrils seem to be open and flared wide , in a way they have n’t been for decades .
Mr. Merwin is back , and he is having a moment .
The most surprising thing about Mr. Merwin ’s selection as poet laureate of the United States is that he has n’t held the position before .
( In 1999 - 2000 he was a special consultant in poetry for the Library of Congress ’s Bicentennial , along with Rita Dove and Louise Glück , but that was n’t quite the same thing . )
He is an establishment poet who has collected most of the establishment ’s prizes .
Some will call his selection now safe , dull , uncontroversial , blah .
And they ’ll have a point .
It is not the kind of choice that makes one leap up and blow hard into a vuvuzela .
That 's a huge bowl of ramen , Naruto .
You can't share even a little with Kyuubi ?
More Naruto fan art .
Enjoy !
Created with Adobe Photoshop CS4 .
Naruto is © Masashi Kishimoto and Shonen Jump .
Contents
Overview
Conventionon the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW )
Convention on the Rights of the Child
Convention against Enforced Disappearance
Mine Ban Treaty
Convention on Cluster Munitions
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture
Overview
With a new administration and Congress , the United States has an important opportunity to reposition itself as a global leader on human rights .
One means towards that goal is to sign and ratify core human rights treaties .
Chief among these are international conventions relating to children , women , persons with disabilities , torture , enforced disappearance , and the use of anti-personnel landmines and cluster munitions .
The US has not ratified any international human rights treaties since December 2002 , when it ratified two optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Since that time , important new treaties have been adopted and other long - standing treaties have gained new member states .
Unfortunately , the US has too often remained outside these efforts .
For example , the US is the only country other than Somalia that has not ratified the Convention on the Rights of the Child , the most widely and rapidly ratified human rights treaty in history .
It is one of only seven countries - together with Iran , Nauru , Palau , Somalia , Sudan and Tonga - that has failed to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW ) .
These and other key treaties that the US has yet to ratify protect some of the world 's most vulnerable populations .
They would help , for instance , a woman seeking protection by the police from a threatening spouse ; a mentally ill prisoner placed in solitary confinement ; and a child who has been trafficked into prostitution .
The treaties espouse non-discrimination , due process , and other core values that most American unquestionably support .
They are also largely consistent with existing US law and practice .
The failure of the US to join with other nations in taking on international human rights legal obligations has undercut its international leadership on key issues , limiting its influence , its stature , and its credibility in promoting respect for human rights around the world .
This document provides an overview of the following treaties and their importance to the United States :
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW )
Convention on the Rights of the Child ( CRC )
Convention for the Protection of all Persons from Enforced Disappearance
Mine Ban Treaty
Convention on Cluster Munitions
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities ( CRPD )
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture
None of these treaties yet have been ratified , and only two - CEDAW and the CRC - have been signed by the US .
CEDAW was submitted to the Senate for consideration in 1980 .
Human Rights Watch urges President Barack Obama to sign the remaining treaties , and the US Senate , led by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , to ratify each of these important instruments .
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW )
Date adopted : December 18 , 1979
Date entered into force : September 3 , 1981
Current number of states parties : 186
Action by the US : signed July 17 , 1980
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW ) is the world 's primary legal document on women 's equality .
It reflects the consensus of the international community on the specific protections and actions states are obliged to take to ensure equality between men and women .
CEDAW 's provisions cover all aspects of women 's right to equality , including areas where women living the United States still face serious challenges , such as equal pay for equal work , domestic violence , access to health care , parental leave , and discrimination linked to parenting responsibilities ( for example , lack of access to maternity leave , childcare , or possibilities for part - time work ) .
Perhaps more importantly , CEDAW provides a clear definition of discrimination and equality , and spells out state obligations with regard to guaranteeing women 's enjoyment of their human rights on an equal footing with men .
CEDAW has been ratified by 186 states , placing the United States in the company of Iran , Nauru , Palau , Somalia , Sudan and Tonga as the last states yet to ratify .
Key points :
CEDAW contains important provisions to ensure women 's ability to participate in the workplace on a basis of equality , including provisions on paid maternity leave , and measures to facilitate combining family obligations with work responsibilities .
CEDAW requires decisive action to suppress trafficking in persons and the exploitation of women and girls through prostitution .
With the US ' recognized leadership on this issue abroad , through the reporting and actions pursuant to the Trafficking Victim Protection Reauthorization
Act , it will be important to demonstrate a similar commitment on this issue domestically .
CEDAW protects a woman 's equal right to life , health , and to decide on the number and spacing of her children .
The full protection of these rights requires the removal of obstacles in access to abortion services , and will also require the state to provide services in some circumstances .
The United States is already bound by international human rights commitments in this regard through its ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , and through its membership in the Organization of American States .
Through ratification , the United States will commit to periodically review its record on these crucial areas by the CEDAW committee of independent experts , and to revise the laws , policies , and programs that may impede real equality for women in the United States .
The experience of other countries has shown that the democratic dialogue ensuing from these procedural commitments is very beneficial , leading , for example , to the creation of national equality action plans , renewed and nuanced public debate on equality issues , and constructive engagement from all parts of society in achieving women 's equality .
CEDAW has been favorably voted out of the Foreign Relations Committee twice : once in 1994 and again in 2002 .
In 2002 , the Committee report included a recommendation that ratification be accompanied by an explicit understanding that the Convention does not create a " right to abortion . "
It also included understandings that would essentially gut the Convention 's provisions regarding parental leave and maternal health that should be reevaluated and removed .
Some states , such as Saudi Arabia , have entered substantial reservations to their ratification of CEDAW , thus weakening the equality provisions .
The United States should not carve out such exceptions to CEDAW , but should rather join states such as Canada , Denmark , and Norway , in ratifying without reservations .
CEDAW is currently with the Department of Justice for interagency review , and Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton is expected to refer it to the Senate for consideration by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee shortly .
Convention on the Rights of the Child
Date adopted : November 20 , 1989
Date entered into force : September 2 , 1990
Current number of states parties : 193
Action by the US : signed February 16 , 1995
The Convention on the Rights of the Child ( CRC ) promotes and protects the well - being of all children , and was the first international treaty to integrate the full range of human rights - civil , political , economic , social and cultural - into a single document .
It emphasizes four key themes : the right of children to survival ; to develop to their fullest potential ; to protection from abuse , neglect and exploitation ; and to participate in family , cultural and social life .
Issues addressed by the CRC include education , health care , juvenile justice , and the rights of children with disabilities .
During the negotiation of the CRC , the United States successfully proposed the inclusion of articles designed to prevent child abuse , and to protect freedom of religion , expression , and association .
Critics of the CRC have raised concerns that its provisions would undermine the rights of parents and allow the UN to dictate how parents should raise their children .
However , the CRC repeatedly emphasizes the importance , role , and authority of parents in providing direction and guidance to their children .
November 20 , 2009 will be the 20th anniversary of the adoption of the Convention .
Key points :
The Convention on the Rights of the Child is the most widely and rapidly ratified human rights treaty in history .
Only the United States and Somalia , which has no functioning national government , have failed to ratify the treaty .
The conspicuous absence of the United States among the CRC 's states parties undermines the its international leadership role for children , and consistently raises questions in UN and other international forums regarding the its commitment to children 's rights .
For example , for the past seven years , the US ( joined by the Marshall Islands in 2002 and 2004 ) has been in the embarrassing position of being the only UN member state to vote against the UN General Assembly 's resolution on the rights of the child , primarily because of the resolution 's references to the CRC .
The CRC has now been in force in the majority of the world 's countries for nearly two decades , and has led to a range of positive impacts , including law reform , improvements in the access to and quality of programs and services for children and their families ( particularly in health and education ) , strengthened national institutions for children 's rights , and more effective national coordination mechanisms for children 's rights .
A significant legal impediment in the past to US ratification of the CRC - the use of the death penalty against persons for crimes committed before the age of 18 - no longer exists .
In 2005 , the US Supreme Court found the use of the death penalty against juvenile offenders unconstitutional ( Roper v. Simmons ) .
In 2002 , the United States ratified two optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child - one on the involvement of children in armed conflict ( child soldiers ) and another on the sale of children , child prostitution and child pornography .
In early 2009 , the State Department initiated an interagency review of the CRC , but it has not yet been submitted to the Senate for consideration .
Convention against Enforced Disappearance
Date adopted : December 20 , 2006
Date entered into force :
Not yet entered into force
Signatories : 81
Current number of states parties : 12
Action by the US : none
Adopted by the UN General Assembly in 2006 , the Convention for the Protection of all Persons from Enforced Disappearance ( Convention against Enforced Disappearance ) prohibits the abduction and secret detention of any person by the state .
The Convention against Enforced Disappearance defines " enforced disappearance " as " the arrest , detention , abduction , or any form of deprivation of liberty by agents of the State . . . . followed by a refusal to acknowledge the deprivation of liberty or by concealment of the fate or whereabouts of the disappeared person , which place such person outside the protection of the law . "
The Convention against Enforced Disappearance also requires state parties to make enforced disappearance a criminal offense and to take steps to hold those responsible to account .
It also requires state parties to provide victims of " disappearance " with a mechanism for obtaining reparation and compensation .
To date , 81 countries have signed the treaty , including Germany , France and 14 other NATO countries .
Prior to the adoption of the convention , the Bush administration actively sought to undermine its protective provisions , including those on the disclosure of detainees and by weakening the protection mechanisms enshrined in the treaty .
Key points :
During the drafting of the Convention against Enforced Disappearance , the Bush administration was then maintaining CIA secret prisons in which terrorist suspects were held without any acknowledgment of their detention - which would have been in violation of the convention .
President Obama 's executive order abolishing long - term CIA detention and providing notification and timely access for the International Committee of the Red Cross to all detainees held by the US in any armed conflict , places the US in compliance with the central component of the treaty .
The United States can and should sign and ratify the convention , and begin the process to make enforced disappearance a specific criminal offense - a step that would be broadly welcomed by US allies .
The Convention against Enforced Disappearance explicitly applies to prospective actions only , thereby mooting any concerns that ratifying the convention would result in the retroactive application of its provisions .
None of the provisions on compensation and reparation , for example , would apply to those held in secret prisons under the Bush administration .
The convention 's most important function going forward will be to encourage states parties to institute effective laws and policies to prevent enforced disappearance , bring international mechanisms to bear on states parties that commit enforced disappearance , and strengthen the international consensus against the practice so as to be better able to pressure states that are not a party to the convention .
Signing and ratifying the convention will not only solidify the administration 's dramatic break from past US practices , but also provide the United States another tool to promote respect for human rights around the world .
Upon signing the Convention against Enforced Disappearance , the US will be in a stronger position to raise concerns about " disappearances " elsewhere and encourage other states to join the convention .
For instance , the widespread view that the US facilitated or supported hundreds of enforced disappearances carried out by the Musharraf government , often in cases related to the " war on terror , " has contributed to the growing disillusionment with the US among moderate Pakistanis .
Signature of the treaty by both the US and Pakistan would also go a long way toward regaining the trust of moderate Pakistanis and building a positive relationship with the Pakistani people and its government .
Mine Ban Treaty
Date adopted : September 18 , 1997
Date entered into force : March 1 , 1999
Current number of states parties : 156
Action by the US : none
The 1997 Convention on the Prohibition of the Use , Stockpiling , Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction ( Mine Ban Treaty ) entered into force on March 1 , 1999 , just 15 months after it was negotiated - the shortest time ever for a modern multinational treaty .
The treaty comprehensively bans all antipersonnel landmines , requires destruction of stockpiled mines within four years , requires destruction of mines already in the ground within ten years , and urges extensive programs to assist the victims of landmines .
As of March 10 , 2009 , a total of 156 nations were party to the Mine Ban Treaty , and another two states have signed , but still not ratified .
China , Russia , and the United States are among the 37 states that have not yet joined .
But nearly all of those states are in de facto compliance with most of the treaty 's provisions .
Since the Mine Ban Treaty came in to force , the use of antipersonnel mines has largely ceased ; in recent years only Burma and a few rebel groups around the world have laid significant numbers of mines .
Trade in these weapons has virtually stopped .
Only about a dozen of the more than 50 countries that manufactured antipersonnel mines in the past still retain the capacity .
Some 42 million antipersonnel mines have been destroyed from stockpiles .
Large tracts of land have been cleared of these mines and returned to productive use .
The number of civilians killed and wounded by mines each year has fallen dramatically .
The US participated in the " Ottawa Process " that created the Mine Ban Treaty , but requested a treaty exemption for mixed antitank and antipersonnel landmine systems .
This was rejected by other countries as undermining the purpose of the treaty .
Once the treaty was adopted , the Clinton administration did not sign and instead set 2006 as the objective for the US to join , provided alternatives could be identified and fielded .
In February 2004 , the Bush administration reversed course and announced that it did not ever intend to sign the treaty , stating that the military capabilities provided by landmines remained necessary for the United States military to protect its forces .
Key points :
The United States has not used antipersonnel mines since 1991 ( in the first Gulf War ) , has not exported them since 1992 , has not produced them since 1997 , and is the biggest donor to mine clearance programs around the world .
The US still stockpiles more than 10.4 million antipersonnel mines for potential use in the future .
However , in the decade since the Mine Ban Treaty took effect , the weapon has become so stigmatized that it is almost inconceivable that the United States would ever use it again .
2009 is a special year on landmines .
Treaty members and the International Campaign to Ban Landmines , the 1997 Nobel Peace Laureate , celebrated the Mine Ban Treaty 's 10th anniversary on March 1 , 2009 .
Colombia will host the Mine Ban Treaty 's Second Review Conference in Cartagena from November 30 to December 4 , 2009 .
All governments are invited to participate in this milestone event , including non-signatories .
Convention on Cluster Munitions
Date adopted : May 30 , 2008
Date entered into force :
Not yet entered into force
Signatories : 98
Current number of states parties : 15
Action by the US : none
The 2008 Convention on Cluster Munitions was drafted in 2007 - 2008 following the international outcry over civilian casualties from the use of cluster munitions primarily by Israel in Lebanon ( 2006 ) , which followed the growing concern over the weapon 's use in Iraq ( 2003 ) , Afghanistan ( 2002 ) , Kosovo and Serbia ( 1999 ) and earlier US use during the Vietnam War ( 1960s - 70s ) .
Cluster munitions or cluster bombs are either air - dropped or ground - launched weapons that typically explode in the air and send dozens , even hundreds , of tiny bomblets over an area the size of a football field .
Cluster munitions pose principal dangers to civilians .
Because the weapon cannot distinguish between military targets and civilians , it invariably kills and wounds civilians when used in or near populated areas .
They can also harm civilians decades after the conflict is over , as unexploded " duds " on the ground act like landmines , exploding when touched by unwitting civilians .
Because of the nature of these duds , they are highly likely to cause death , making them even more dangerous than ordinary landmines .
In fact , cluster bombs are estimated to have caused more civilian casualties in Iraq in 2003 and Kosovo in 1999 than any other weapons system .
The Convention on Cluster Munitions was negotiated in May 2008 and opened for signature in December 2008 .
It provides a robust framework for tackling cluster munitions .
It prohibits the use , production , stockpiling and transfer of cluster munitions and requires clearance of affected areas within 10 years , destruction of stockpiled cluster munitions within eight years , and assistance to victims of the weapon .
As of March 2009 , a total of 96 states have signed the Convention including most members of NATO ( including UK , France , Germany , Netherlands , Norway , Belgium , Canada ) , and other close US allies ( Australia , Indonesia , Philippines , Japan ) .
A total of 30 ratifications are required to trigger entry into force of the Convention .
The United States did not participate in the " Oslo Process " negotiations leading up to the treaty .
The United States has been the world 's leading known user of cluster munitions and is known to have exported or transferred the weapon to at least 28 other countries , and maintains a stockpile of more than 700 million cluster submunitions .
US policy on cluster munitions was last articulated in a three - page policy directive issued by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates in July 2008 .
The directive described cluster munitions as " legitimate weapons with clear military utility . "
According to the policy , the U.S. will continue to use all of its cluster munitions until 2018 , and after that will only use munitions with a claimed failure rate of less than 1 percent .
Key Points :
In practice , the United States has not used cluster munitions in Iraq since 2003 or in Afghanistan since 2002 .
US forces have been moving away from the use of cluster munitions , recognizing the extreme threats they pose to civilians , as well as to US soldiers as troops encounter unexploded duds .
In after - action reports from Iraq in 2003 , US forces called their own cluster munitions " relics " and " losers " and questioned the weapon 's utility .
The threats to safety , and the political , operational , and financial liabilities created when the US uses cluster munitions outweigh the limited role the weapons fills in current operations .
As cluster weapons become increasingly stigmatized internationally , the prospect of future US use becomes even more unlikely .
In December 2008 , a spokeswoman for the Obama transition team said that the incoming president would " carefully review the new [ cluster munitions ] treaty and work closely [ with ] our friends and allies to ensure that the United States is doing everything feasible to promote protection of civilians . "
Legislation introduced into Congress in February 2009 - the Cluster Munitions Civilian Protection
Act - would prohibit all use of cluster munitions in areas where civilians are normally present and all use of unreliable cluster munition systems .
In one month , the legislation attracted 24 cosponsors in the Senate , including both Democrats and Republicans .
On March 11 , 2009 , President Obama signed into law an omnibus budget bill ( HR 1105 ) that included an export ban on cluster munitions .
According to the law , cluster munitions can only be exported if they leave behind less than one percent of their submunitions as duds .
The legislation also requires the receiving country to agree that cluster munitions " will not be used where civilians are known to be present . "
Only a very tiny fraction of the cluster munitions in the US arsenal meet the one - percent standard .
This export ban was first enacted in a similar budget bill in December 2007 , but that law mandated it for only one year .
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities ( CRPD )
Date adopted : December 13 , 2006
Date entered into force : May 3 , 2008
Signatories : 140
Current number of states parties : 61
Action by the US : none
The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities ( CRPD ) and its Optional Protocol - both adopted by the UN General Assembly in 2006 and entered into force in 2008 - aim to promote , protect and ensure full and equal enjoyment of all human rights for persons with disabilities .
CRPD embraces a broad definition of persons with disabilities , detailing these individuals ' rights and establishing a code of implementation .
The convention espouses the basic principles of individual dignity and autonomy , non-discrimination , full inclusion and participation in society , respect for difference , equality of opportunity , accessibility , equality between men and women , and respect for children with disabilities .
CRPD represents a paradigm shift in approaching persons with disabilities as subjects capable of claiming their rights and making informed decisions rather than as objects of social protection .
CRPD garnered 82 signatories and one ratification on March 30 , 2007 when it opened for signature , the largest number in history of signatories to a UN Convention on its opening day .
The United States is one of a minority of countries to neither sign nor ratify CRPD , and is exceptional among its allies for having failed to do so : every other NATO member has either signed or ratified the convention .
The US provided fundamental technical assistance during the convention 's negotiation and drafting process .
However , the Bush administration indicated that it would not sign CRPD .
Administration officials stated that because the Americans with Disabilities Act " is among the most comprehensive civil rights laws protecting the rights of people with disabilities in the world , " [ 1 ] signing and ratifying the CRPD was unnecessary .
It took the position that implementation of national legislation , rather than ratification of international treaties , was the most effective way of protecting the rights of persons with disabilities .
Key Points :
Approximately 54 million Americans experience some form of disability , a number likely to increase as the US population ages and with medical advances saving and prolonging lives .
Increased numbers of American with disability are also occurring as a result of continuing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The United States has historically been a global leader on the issue of disability rights , a position that has been lately threatened by the failure to sign and ratify CRPD .
The Americans with Disabilities
Act is a landmark civil rights law , enacted by Congress in 1990 , that has served as a model for foreign countries in drafting their own disability laws .
While the ADA has been significantly narrowed in effect by US Supreme Court decisions , the recent ADA Amendments
Act of 2008 may have the potential to restore the ADA to its originally intended effect domestically .
While the Americans with Disabilities
Act remains critically important , signature and ratification of CRPD has the potential to reinstate the United States as a leader in extending rights and protections for individuals with disabilities around the world .
The National Council on Disability has determined that - for the majority of CRPD 's articles - US law is either already at a level with the mandates of the convention or is capable of reaching that level through more rigorous implementation or additional action by Congress .
It has found no legal impediment to US signature and ratification of CPRD , inasmuch as the legal standards articulated by CRPD are largely aligned with US disability law . [ 2 ]
Ratification of CRPD will obligate the US to establish an independent national monitoring mechanism for implementation of the treaty ; this oversight mechanism will help to ensure that the US government consistently complies with national and international disability rights standards .
While on the campaign trail , Barack Obama declared his intention to sign CRPD if elected president .
As a senator , Obama on December 11 , 2007 unveiled a plan to restore US global leadership in the field of disability rights , which included signing and urging swift Senate ratification of CRPD .
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture
Date adopted : December 18 , 2002
Date entered into force : June 22 , 2006
Current number of states parties : 48
Action by the US : none
Adopted by the UN General Assembly in 2002 , the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture ( OPCAT ) aims to prevent torture and other forms of ill - treatment by establishing a system of regular visits to places of detention carried out by independent national and international bodies .
It is open to any state that is a party to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , which the United States ratified in 1994 .
OPCAT is based on the recognition that international treaties and national laws to ban torture and other ill - treatment are insufficient to end abuses .
Places of detention are of necessity closed institutions and are not subject to the kind of media and public scrutiny that we rely on to ensure the proper functioning of other government entities .
OPCAT defines places of detention broadly , to include prisons , jails , immigration detention facilities , juvenile detention facilities , and psychiatric institutions .
US allies that have signed or ratified OPCAT include the United Kingdom , Ireland , Germany , Austria , France , Spain , the Czech Republic , New Zealand , Brazil , and Mexico .
The Bush administration has objected to the protocol , stating in 2002 that inspections mandated by the protocol would be " overly intrusive " and that the US legal system already provides numerous opportunities for persons in detention to complain about abuse .
It has also said that the protocol would infringe on the federal rights of individual US states , but this objection is not supported by US Supreme Court case law .
Key Points :
OPCAT would impose no new substantive obligations on the United States .
Rather , it establishes procedural mechanisms to improve compliance with obligations already undertaken through the Convention against Torture and other treaties the US has ratified .
The United States has the largest incarcerated population in the world , with 2.3 million persons behind bars on any given day .
But unlike many other democracies , the United States has no independent agency that monitors prison conditions and enforces minimal standards of health and safety .
A bipartisan commission on safety and abuse in US prisons recently concluded that " few states have monitoring systems that operate outside state and local departments of corrections , and the few systems that do exist are generally under - resourced and lacking in real power . " [ 3 ]
OPCAT relies on visits to places of detention by complementary international and national bodies .
The international body , the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture , consists of 10 independent , multi-disciplinary experts .
In addition , within one year of ratifying OPCAT , a country must have in place one or more " national preventive mechanisms " to carry out visits to places of detention .
No particular type of national mechanism is specified , so each country has broad discretion in deciding how to carry out this function .
Both the subcommittee and national bodies conduct unannounced visits to places of detention and can hold private interviews with detainees .
Following their visits , these bodies make recommendations for improvements in the treatment and the conditions of detention of persons deprived of their liberty .
The subcommittee 's recommendations are given to the government confidentially , unless the state party gives its consent for publication or fails to cooperate with the visiting experts .
[ 1 ] Letter from Kim R. Holmes , Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs , United States Department of State , to Lex Frieden , Chairperson , National Council on Disability ( June 3 , 2004 ) , available at http://www.usicd.org/StateDept_Letter_to_NCD.pdf
[ 2 ] National Council on Disability , " Finding the Gaps : A Comparative Analysis of Disability Laws in the United States to the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , " May 12 , 2008 , http://www.ncd.gov/newsroom/publications/2008/pdf/ncd_crpd_analysis.pdf ( accessed March 25 , 2009 ) .
[ 3 ] Confronting Confinement : A report of the Commission on Safety and Abuse in America 's Prisons ( 2006 ) , at 79 .
What is a VPN
A VPN ( virtual private network ) is a network that can use the internet to provide secure connections between one or more devices for data exchange .
A VPN can open a secure interconnection or " tunnel " between different devices and the data that passes through the tunnel can be encrypted as a method of security so that the data passing through the tunnel cannot be read .
Most often , VPNs are used to connect a company 's main office with its satellite offices or its field agents .
In some cases , people choose to connect their personal devices to a VPN service provider to secure their own connections ( with the same kind of tunneling and encryption ) to the general internet , keeping their banking details , credit card numbers , passwords , and other sensitive data from being intercepted , monitored , or recorded .
This kind of VPN setup also affords the user an anonymous IP ( internet protocol ) address .
Embattled chief executive Tony Hayward stepped aside yesterday as US BP executive Bob Dudley was appointed the head of a new unit to manage the response and clean - up operation .
Earlier in the week , protesters disrupted a speech by the company 's chief of staff at a major oil conference as Hayward cancelled what would have been his first public appearance in the UK since the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico beganPhotograph : Alex Wong / Getty Images
The war between Apple and Flash ( Adobe ) is heating up by the day , and I always wanted to be a war photographer !
The focusing of this photo looks intentionally surreal and is the result of merging two separate exposures with different focusing .
( check the Apple photo here and Flash version here )
At least three people have been killed after a series of powerful earthquakes in Indonesia , officials say .
The Indonesian earthquake agency said the largest quake , off the coast of Papua in eastern Indonesia , had a magnitude of 7.1 .
There have been reports of collapsed homes in some areas .
Papua is one of Indonesia 's most remote and underdeveloped provinces .
A tsunami warning was issued but it has since been lifted .
The first quake , with a magnitude of 6.4 , struck at 0306 GMT off the coast of the island of Yapen , in Papua , which has a population of about 70,000 .
It was followed 10 minutes later by the largest quake 18 miles ( 29 km ) beneath the ocean floor off the northern coast of Papua province , the US Geological Survey said on its website .
Two people died on Yapen when their homes collapsed .
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Priyadi Kardono told the Reuters news agency that the dead were a 47 - year - old woman and a five - month old baby .
There have been at least two powerful aftershocks .
Another person was killed when a 5.3 - magnitude quake rattled West Sulawesi province , reports say .
Police in Papua say it appears to be the worst affected area .
Deny Siregar , the chief of police on Yapen island , told the BBC that at least 20 homes had been crushed and that a church had collapsed .
He added that the powerful tremors caused scores of people to leave their homes and head for higher ground , while some sought safety at a nearby football field .
Yan Pieter Yarangga from the island of Biak told the Associated Press news agency that hundreds of people ran out of their homes after the quake .
" I ran too , I was afraid there would be a second quake , " said Mr Yarangga .
Indonesia has recently been struck by many quakes .
More than 1,000 people were killed off Sumatra in September 2009 .
The country sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire , one of the world 's most active areas for earthquakes and volcanoes .
In December 2004 , a 9.1 - magnitude quake off the coast of Aceh triggered a tsunami in the Indian Ocean that killed quarter of a million people in 13 countries including Indonesia , Sri Lanka , India and Thailand .
News out of Italy suggests that seven researchers who did not predict the L’Aquila earthquake in April 2009 are under formal investigation and may be charged with gross negligent manslaughter .
A news report suggests that these researchers — seismologists and senior members of Italy ’s Civil Protection Department ( pdf ) and the National Geophysics and Vulcanology Institute ( INGV ) — are being investigated based on their statements to the Major Risks Committee ( part of the Civil Protection Department ) on March 31 , 2009 , that a series of small earthquakes ( none over magnitude 4.0 ) over the previous six months did not mean that a large earthquake was imminent .
The Civil Protection Department and the Major Risks Committee are supposed to forecast possible risks and make recommendations on how to prevent danger from earthquakes , volcanoes , landslides , forest fires and other natural hazards .
Less than a week later , the magnitude - 6.3 earthquake struck L’Aquila , killing 308 people and razing much of the medieval city .
Now , L’Aquila ’s chief prosecutor says that the scientists should have told people to evacuate L’Aquila after the tremors because a major earthquake was imminent .
So if I get this right , they ’re saying the seismologists should have predicted the earthquake , told people to evacuate and kept them out until a major earthquake struck .
And because they did n’t , they should be held liable .
Are you kidding ?
Wonder what they ’ll do about the geologist who did predict the earthquake , who they initially silenced ?
God help us if this is the new standard .
June 23 , 2010
THE U.S. Supreme Court has upheld a part of the USA PATRIOT
Act that criminalizes free speech as " terrorism " -- and the Obama administration , which was expected to stop its predecessor 's assault on the Constitution , is celebrating the decision as a victory .
The 6 - 3 decision of the court , announced June 21 , upholds a portion of the 2001 Patriot Act that classifies some speech and other " intangible assistance " as material aid to terrorists .
The justices agreed with the arguments of the Obama administration -- specifically , its choice to sit on the Supreme Court , former Solicitor General Elena Kagan , who made the White House 's case before the court .
The administration opposed a lawsuit brought by the Humanitarian Law Project that challenged the law 's provision that prohibits material support -- specifically the giving of " expert advice or assistance " -- to groups designated as " terrorist " by the U.S. State Department .
The law project wanted to provide advice to two groups -- the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and the Kurdistan Workers ' Party -- on peacefully resolving disputes and working with the United Nations .
But in his opinion justifying the decision , Chief Justice John Roberts said that the motives of the Humanitarian Law Project did n't matter , and any assistance to a group on the State Department 's terrorism list represented " material support . "
The consequences of the ruling are far - ranging , as the New York Times pointed out :
The court at least clarified that acts had to be coordinated with terror groups to be illegal , but many forms of assistance may still be a criminal act , including filing a brief against the government in a terror - group lawsuit .
Academic researchers doing field work in conflict zones could be arrested for meeting with terror groups and discussing their research , as could journalists who write about the activities and motivations of these groups , or the journalists ' sources .
The FBI has questioned people it suspected as being sources for a New York Times article about terrorism , and threatened to arrest them for providing material support .
In a strong dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer , supported by Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , said the court 's majority was too willing to believe the government 's argument that national security concerns required restrictions on speech and had " failed to insist upon specific evidence , rather than general assertion . "
As David Cole , a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights , told the Times , " This decision basically says the First Amendment allows making peacemaking and human rights advocacy a crime . "
On an individual level , the ruling strengthens the government 's ability to pursue the kind of witch - hunts carried out against Palestinian professor Sami Al - Arian or Pakistani student Syed Fahad Hashmi , two of the approximately 150 defendants that the government has charged with violating the material - support provision since 2001 .
In Hashmi's case , after enduring nearly four years in solitary confinement , he agreed to plead guilty to a single count of material support for the " crime " of helping an acquaintance store and transport ponchos and waterproof socks that allegedly ended up with al - Qaeda organizations in Pakistan .
For this , he has been sentenced to another 15 years in prison .
But the lawyers who argued the case pointed out that the impact goes further -- the Patriot Act 's material - support provision is so vague that humanitarian groups and journalists and their sources can be ensnared .
Some legal theorists believe the law is so broad that it could be interpreted as criminalizing any speech that could be said to give legitimacy to a terrorist group -- for example , those who support the right of Hamas to lead the Palestinian Authority ( after being democratically elected ) , even though the organization is on the State Department list .
That 's because , as Breyer pointed out in his dissent , the law could have made a distinction between " when the defendant knows or intends that those activities will assist the organization 's unlawful terrorist actions " and when they do n't -- but it fails to do so .
" Instead , " as lawyer Wendy Kaminer noted in The Atlantic , " the majority gave the administration a blank check to criminalize political speech specifically intended to advance peace . "
The ruling also fails to acknowledge that there are almost no checks on the ability of the State Department , under the direction of the Secretary of State , to designate groups as " terrorist " -- and that those decisions are often based on political calculations .
THIS RULING will be seen as another win for the Supreme Court 's right wing , now led by Chief Justice Roberts , a Bush appointee .
But it 's also claimed as a victory by the Obama administration -- and in particular , its former Solicitor General and current Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan , who argued the government 's case in February .
Kagan has been criticized as too liberal by some conservative Republican senators , but this case shows she fits in squarely with the majority of justices who support expanding presidential power at the expense of our rights .
In fact , that 's one of the reasons she was chosen to join the court .
She agrees with the Obama administration 's fundamentally conservative position on these " war on terror " issues .
Barack Obama was expected by millions of people who voted for him to challenge George Bush 's shredding of the Constitution .
But a year and a half into his presidency , not only is the U.S. prison camp at Guantánamo Bay still up and running , but the Obama White House has explicitly upheld Bush administration policies on trial by military commissions , rendition of prisoners to allied regimes where torture is legal , warrantless wiretapping and the use of executive powers to hinder the prosecution of U.S. officials for illegal acts .
One of the latest outrages is the case of Yemeni detainee Mohamed Hassan Odaini .
The government has concluded that Odaini did nothing wrong -- but the Obama administration has refused to release him , and instead has fought vehemently in court to keep him imprisoned at Guantánamo .
As Salon.com 's Glenn Greenwald wrote :
[ T ]he Obama administration is knowingly imprisoning a completely innocent human being who has been kept in a cage in an island prison , thousands of miles from his home , for the last eight years , since he 's 18 years old , despite having done absolutely nothing wrong ...
If you 're willing to work to keep a person whom you know is innocent imprisoned , what are n't you willing to do ?
What decent human being would n't be repulsed by this ?
I do n't care how many times someone chants " Pragmatism " or " The Long Game " or whatever other all - purpose justifying mantras have been marketed to venerate the current president ; these are repellent acts that have no justification .
Of course , none of this is new for the Obama administration ; it 's consistent with their course of conduct from the start .
The lesson here is that Barack Obama and the Democrats may have talked a different talk about civil liberties on the campaign trail , but they are committed to the same vicious policies as their predecessors .
The Obama administration is willing to curtail all of our civil liberties in pursuit in the name of what was once Bush 's " war on terror " -- but is now wholly Obama's .
A Michigan woman has been sentenced to nine to 30 years in prison for having sex with her biological son , whom she had given up for adoption and later tracked down on Facebook .
He was 14 at the time .
Aimee L. Sword , a 36 - year - old who lives in a suburb outside of Detroit , plead guilty to having sex with the boy once , even though they had relations multiple times .
Sword , who worked at a department store makeup counter , used to get yearly updates and pictures of her son from his adoptive parents .
When she did n't get one for his 14th birthday , she did some investigative work on Facebook and tracked down her son ( now 16 ) and started a relationship with him in 2008 , which soon turned sexual .
After getting in trouble in his hometown , his adoptive mother even let the boy live with Sword , her husband , and five other children for a period of time .
Sword 's lawyer told the Detroit Free Press , " Aimee 's searching for a reason why this happened .
She can't understand it .
She 's going to get some counseling . "
You fucking think she 's going to get counseling ?
She had sex with her son !
And speaking of counseling , it 's amazing that this woman managed to royally fuck up her son for life even after she gave him up for adoption to presumably avoid just that .
We just hope his high school English teacher saves him the embarrassment of having to read Oedipus Rex anytime soon .
[ Image via AP ]
On your head be it
Robert Adlard at the Queensland Museum in Brisbane , Australia , calls parasites " intimate aliens " .
" They are horrific when you find out what they do , but they have a bizarre and miniature beauty that is stunning , " he says .
According to Adlard , 30 to 50 per cent of life on Earth is parasitic .
Pediculus capitis ( left ) is a parasitic louse found only on humans .
The heat from our scalp allows its eggs to hatch in about a week , and the lice then live for just over a month .
Infestation from P. capitis is the most prevalent external parasitic infestation in humans worldwide .
Unlike body lice , head lice do not transmit diseases , and their infestation symptoms are relatively mild .
Journal reference : Pesticide Biochemistry and Physiology , DOI : 10.1016/j.pestbp.2009.04.017 ) .
( Image : Cath Covacin / Stephen Barker / Rick Webb / The University of Queensland , Australia )
Lousy feather
This small pigeon louse , Campanulotes bidentatus , was spotted on the feather of a pigeon .
There are over 5000 louse species , at least five of which live on pigeons .
Feather lice have claws that enable them to grasp onto feathers .
They live their entire life on a bird 's body .
Unlike other parasites – such as malaria , which uses mosquitoes to get into humans – the pigeon louse relies on direct contact between birds to spread to new hosts .
Campanulotes bidentatus is part of the order Phthiraptera , and has a flattened body and three pairs of legs .
The body length of adults ranges from 0.3 to 12 millimetres , and their antennae are short , with four segments .
( Image : Cath Covacin / Stephen Barker / Rick Webb / The University of Queensland )
Gutting work
Tapeworms are an ancient group of intestinal parasites that live in the guts of a wide range of animals including mammals , birds and reptiles .
Living in the intestine means they must battle with constant muscular contractions .
To allow for this , they have adapted suckers and hooks on their heads , shown in extreme close - up here .
" Many parasites have lost the ability live independently of their host , " says Malcolm Jones at the University of Queensland .
The tapeworm , for example , does not have an intestinal canal and relies on its host to break down and digest food .
" They then feed through their skin , " says Jones .
( Image : Mal Jones / Queensland Institute of Medical Research / The University of Queensland , Australia ) Advertisement
Swimming squirmer
Amidst the beauty of the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Queensland , Australia , are serranid fish , and deep inside them squirms this Trypanorhynch tapeworm .
This image shows part of the tapeworm 's head with four tentacles poking out .
This parasite patiently waits for its host to be eaten by a shark .
And once inside the shark , it will use the hooks from its tentacles to grab the shark 's stomach lining .
There , it will settle in and lay its eggs .
Adlard says the parasite is unlikely to harm the fish or shark , as it does n't reproduce in high enough numbers .
( Image : Rob Adlard , Queensland Museum , Australia )
- video encodings still in process -
Huge fan of Mitch , but first time I saw it ( this vid ) was today .
Just sharing .
Hope you enjoy .
Image caption
The Mogadishu of independence is almost unrecognisable to the one of today
Two Somalis look back on how life has changed during their country 's 50 years of independence .
They recall their initial euphoria , reminisce about life during the " good old days " and lament their nation 's deterioration , yet dream of hope for the future .
Dr Hussein Mursai
A long time ago , we used to boast that our country was the only one in Africa where the head of state , who had been elected democratically was defeated democratically and then continued living in his own country .
Those were good times : boys , girls having a nice time Dr Hussein Mursai Have Your Say :
What went wrong ?
That was in the 1970s .
Even when the military took over they only kept him [ Aden Abdullah Osman Daar ] for a night .
My generation grew up with nationalism and we had faith in good governance .
Education was outstanding .
I was privileged .
I got the best quality of education I could 've got at home .
I was provided with accommodation and all my books .
Us students were even given extra pocket money and so on Thursday nights , we used to go to nightclubs and party .
The beauty was that we were five minutes walk from the best club in the city - Jazira .
You did n't even need a car .
Those were good times : Boys , girls having a nice time and there was always music playing , be it Western or Somali .
' Good old days '
Fashion at the time was fantastic ... dressing in summery clothes .
No - one noticed in the good old days .
I had four sisters and my father was a religious man but he never imposed anything on them .
They could wear whatever they wished and were all educated .
Image caption Mogadishu used to be one of Africa 's cleanest and safest capitals
Fridays were family days .
We used to go about 15 km outside Mogadishu to a restaurant we called Abukarow after the man who owned it .
He had a mosque built next door so that families could go to prayers and then come and eat .
If you did n't get there early and reserve a table before prayers then you had no chance of being served a meal as it was so popular and always crowded .
We would feast on " dhaylo " - baby goat grilled on charcoal , with heaps of Somali rice all washed down with sour camel milk taken with a little bit of sugar .
But the landmark year for me was in 1976 when the country 's focus was on raising our literacy rate .
All the schools were closed for a year and instead everyone had to get together and those who knew how to read had to teach those who could n't .
It was amazing .
By 1976 , our literacy rate was 95 % and the majority of those were women .
It was that generation who became the teachers and the doctors and the professionals .
' Such naivety '
Somalia 's health system was very good back then .
There were many who like me became doctors .
During the war with Ethiopia , I was a student at medical school and we were sent to the frontline to help the wounded .
It was the first time for someone like myself , who grew up in the city , to see war .
Those times were filled with such naivety .
We thought we would win and we were winning - for a time - until the turning point .
That was when our naivety changed into maturity .
The refugees who came from the Ogaden changed everything .
Since then nothing was the same .
Image caption Central Mogadishu is now a war - zone
Former Deputy Prime Minister Osman Jama
I want to pass my congratulations to all Somalis wherever they are .
I remember how we were all so excited .
I was at that time studying at secondary school and we all ran away from school and trekked to Hargeisa just to see the colonial flag pulled down and to watch the Somali flag rise .
No - one could ever imagine that it would become as bad as it has Former Deputy PM Osman Jama
I was there and singing songs .
Everybody was so happy .
We were shouting two words : Independence and unity .
Five days after northern Somalia was granted independence , the south and Mogadishu got their independence and we were united .
That time was euphoria .
But then I remember everybody was trying to unify Somalia - the territory that was given to Ethiopia by the British : We call it western Somalia .
They call it the Ogaden .
We were all speaking together as one country but of course now it is not like that .
That war was the start of the decline .
But no - one could ever imagine that it would become as bad as it has .
' And so there was chaos '
At independence everyone was hoping for something good - to get rid of colonialism and then to find freedom .
But unfortunately of our 123 ministers of parliament , only three had degrees - one from Britain and two from Italy .
There was no experience of how to run a state .
So after the colonials left , corruption came and then the military took over to rectify the mistakes of the civilian government .
During the first seven or eight years of military rule , there was continuous development .
Life was good .
But once we fought with Ethiopia , the regime became one of nepotism and corruption became rampant .
Everybody became clan-ish .
Clan - based origins took over every part of life - employment , promotions , social opportunities , health , education and so there was chaos .
And this is the result : Statelessness .
' Paradise '
But now I believe everything is changing .
We came through clanism , and warlordism and now we have extremism .
This is what we are going through now but it is getting weaker .
Religiously we are all Muslims and the same sect : Sunnis .
This is what will hold people together .
We have the same religion , language and culture .
This is our strength as a people and it will come .
There is hope .
Image caption Mogadishu was once an international city - now it is too dangerous for foreigners
I was in our capital , Mogadishu for 28 years .
It was called the most beautiful city of Africa when I first moved there in 1968 .
It was the safest and the cleanest .
We had the most beautiful beaches .
Life was very pleasant .
We were global and developing - the Soviet Union gave us a lot of help .
Mogadishu was an international city .
It was really a paradise .
Now it is a disaster .
It is rubbish .
No water , no electricity .
Only fighting and war .
It is very unfortunate .
It is very painful to see what has happened , what our country has become .
What are your memories of Somalia since independence ?
With its weird reception troubles that seem to be triggered just by touching it , the iPhone 4 is like Cameron 's dad 's Ferrari in Ferris Bueller 's Day Off : " It could get wrecked , stolen , scratched , breathed on wrong ... a pigeon could shit on it !
Who knows ? "
The best solution so far seems to be Apple 's Bumper case , a $ 30 strip of rubber that wraps around the steel antenna band and stops your clammy hands from sucking out the signal .
But it 's $ 30 .
Because of this , Oliver Nelson decided to make his own Bumper from one of those cheap rubber bracelets found pretty much everywhere , or by donating to a charity .
The case is as simple as it could be .
Just find yourself a bracelet ( look for one measuring " about 1.125 - inches long and about 0.125 - inches wide " ) and stretch it around the outside of the phone .
Oliver also made a few cut -outs so he could reach the headphone jack , the dock connector and the mute - button .
Done , and you just saved yourself around $ 29 .
In fact , Oliver saved himself the full $ 30 : his bracelet came free , bundled , somewhat ironically , with an iPad charger .
Still , even if you pay full - price , its likely that the money will be going to a good cause , and not into Apple 's pockets .
DIY : Ghetto iPhone 4 case from a 99 c bracelet ?
[ The iPhone Guru ]
See Also :
The rave reviews are in for the rookies around MLS , but they 're not the only ones making waves in their debut seasons .
Players from coast to coast are crashing the party from leagues outside the US , and making a huge impression on the league .
But who 's been the best ?
Vote now in this unofficial poll for the best MLS newcomer at the midway point of 2010 !
Netanyahu : ' America is a thing you can move very easily '
The United States and Israel have made a huge effort this month to patch up the sometimes difficult relationship between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
But a newly released video of Netanyahu , speaking in an unvarnished manner in 2001 about relations with the United States and the peace process , may cause some heartburn at the White House .
" I know what America is , " Netanyahu told a group of terror victims , apparently not knowing his words were being recorded .
" America is a thing you can move very easily , move it in the right direction .
They wo n't get in their way . "
Netanyahu also bragged how he undercut the peace process when he was prime minister during the Clinton administration .
" They asked me before the election if I 'd honor [ the Oslo accords ] , " he said .
" I said I would , but ...
I 'm going to interpret the accords in such a way that would allow me to put an end to this galloping forward to the ' 67 borders .
How did we do it ?
Nobody said what defined military zones were .
Defined military zones are security zones ; as far as I 'm concerned , the entire Jordan Valley is a defined military zone .
Go argue . "
Gideon Levy , a left - leaning columnist for Haaretz newspaper , declared : " This video should have been banned for broadcast to minors .
This video should have been shown in every home in Israel , then sent to Washington and Ramallah .
Banned for viewing by children so as not to corrupt them , and distributed around the country and the world so that everyone will know who leads the government of Israel . "
Of course , the video is from nearly ten years ago .
Opinions change , based on circumstances and experience .
But who knows what leaders are really saying when they think the cameras are n't filming ?
Israel land - grab escalates in East Jerusalem
By Danny Richardson
21 July 2010
Israel is planning a major land - grab in East Jerusalem worth tens of billions of dollars .
Attorney General Yehuda Weinstein has informed the Supreme Court that the state plans to apply the law on abandoned properties in East Jerusalem .
This will mean that Israel can “ legally ” take over thousands of acres and buildings that are the property of Palestinians , some of whom fled to what the state claims were “ enemy states ” during the Israeli “ War of Independence ” and others who have property in East Jerusalem but reside in the Occupied Territories .
The issue was brought before the Supreme Court after four cases were tried in the Jerusalem District Court , which ruled in favour of the owners in two cases and against in two .
A special legal panel later ordered the Attorney General to tell the District Court whether it intended to apply a 1950 law to properties in East Jerusalem .
The total worth of the property belonging to the four applicants that was seized in Abu Ghneim mountain is estimated at $ 10 billion — equivalent to the Israeli defence budget for a year .
The Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz noted that a legal shift was underway .
In 1968 , “ Meir Shamgar , who was attorney general at the time , presented a legal opinion in which he concluded that the law should not apply to properties of Palestinians in East Jerusalem whose owners lived in the territories . ”
He wrote , “ We did not see any justification that annexation of East Jerusalem should in itself bring about taking over properties of persons who were not essentially absent , but rather were present at the time their property came under our control . ”
In 2005 Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu , who at the time was finance minister and whose department was in charge of abandoned properties , was warned by then Israeli Attorney General Menachem Mazuz “ that applying the law vis-a - vis to residents of the territories could have serious international consequences . ”
Mazuz enlarged on these remarks by saying , “ The interest of the State of Israel is to avoid opening new fronts on the international scene in general , and in international law in particular . ”
Ha’aretz quoted him telling Netanyahu that there was no logic in applying the law to East Jerusalem properties :
“ The properties became abandoned due to a unilateral action taken by the State of Israel ... at a time when both the properties and their owners were under the control of the state ...
Essentially these are ‘ present owners , ’ whose rights to their property were stripped because of a broad , technical formulation of the law . ”
Netanyahu clearly feels he is in a better position internationally to carry through annexations .
The four owners in the Jerusalem District Court cases have been ordered to submit formal requests to a special committee on abandoned properties , asking for the properties to be released .
The statement makes clear that “ the deliberation will be held on the basis of the view of the state and the custodian of the properties that they are indeed abandoned . ”
In addition to confiscating land claimed to be vacant , and demolishing Palestinian homes built without permits that are almost impossible to secure , Israel has for many years used the excavation and reclamation of Jewish historical sites as a reason for the removal of Arab dwellings within East Jerusalem .
In recent weeks , Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat has pushed through plans for a biblical recreational park in the Silwan district of East Jerusalem through the Jerusalem Planning and Building Committee .
It will mean the destruction of 22 Palestinian homes declared illegal by the Jerusalem municipality .
Hundreds of Arab and Jewish Israelis marched through the Silwan neighbourhood in protest against the park , in what was claimed by the organisers to be the biggest demonstrations against the takeover of East Jerusalem by Israeli settlers .
In March , Barkat dismissed United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s request for a halt to the demolitions , but was told to hold his plans in abeyance by Netanyahu .
At the time President Barack Obama had been forced to rebuke Netanyahu after Israel announced the building of 1,600 more Jewish homes while Vice President Joseph Biden was visiting Jerusalem .
A “ partial freeze ” was declared by Netanyahu in order to alleviate Obama ’s embarrassment and allow the Arab states to continue their own collusion with Washington .
This freeze runs out in September , but since then Obama has done everything possible to champion Netanyahu ’s government and legitimise its plans to seize East Jerusalem and vast swathes of the West Bank .
On July 7 , Obama praised Netanyahu as a man who is “ willing to take risks for peace ” at a White House meeting , just five weeks after the May 31 raid on the Mavi Marmara Gaza aid convoy in which Israeli forces murdered eight Turkish activists and a dual Turkish - US national .
He echoed Netanyahu ’s demand that the Palestinian Authority resume face to face talks with Israel , while saying nothing about Israel ’s intention to resume in full its settlement construction drive .
The “ absent property ” case being brought before the Supreme Court and the pushing through of the recreation park project is the payoff for Obama ’s endorsement , alongside the renewed bulldozing of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem .
Netanyahu ’s government insists that Jerusalem must remain the undivided capital of Israel and opposes the demand of the Palestinians that East Jerusalem should be the capital of their putative state .
A quarter of a million Palestinians are estimated to live in East Jerusalem .
Since the Israeli capture of Jerusalem in the 1967 war an estimated 200,000 Jewish settlers have moved into the area .
This influx breaches international laws concerning the colonisation of an occupied territory .
Such was the haste in pushing through the Silwan park plan that no less than 250 defects were found by the departments empowered to inspect building plans .
Jerusalem City Engineer Shlomo Eshkol put forward a separate list of 30 criticisms , including demands for major changes .
The municipality ’s legal advisor also found it did not meet the legal standards necessary .
Barkat dismissed the legal arguments by hiring a private lawyer to oversee the plan on behalf of the municipality .
He dismissed his Deputy Mayor Pepe Alalo of the Meretz Party for voting against the Silwan Plan and threw out the remaining three Meretz councillors .
Meretz advances itself as a pro-peace party .
The municipal coalition is now dominated even more by ultra-Orthodox partners .
Meretz now forms a rump four - man opposition alongside Meir Turgeman of the Lma ’an Yerushalem party .
The proposed park is being given such priority status because it is the start of a bigger plan to force out the Palestinian communities , providing a centre for an upmarket bar and restaurant area .
A few days later , a blueprint was released for the whole of East Jerusalem that will include plans to expand Jewish neighbourhoods .
Most of the land earmarked for development is privately owned by Arabs .
Ha’aretz reported that when the plans were first touted , right wing elements complained to the Interior Ministry that it would mean large residential areas for the city ’s Arab population .
The protesters said that land earmarked for recreational use and for Jewish residents would be lost .
On the orders of the Mayor , changes were made in line with broadening the Jewish presence in the Holy Basin of East Jerusalem .
It claims that a non-governmental organization , The Elad , that is close to Barkat , bought up homes in the village of Silwan in order to “ Judaize ” the area .
Doug Mataconis · · 2 comments
The South Park episodes that caused controversy earlier this year for their satirical look at how depictions of Muhammed have been handled by the media have been nominated for Emmy Awards :
The censored “ South Park ” episodes that satirized the Prophet Muhammad picked up an Emmy nomination for outstanding animation program on Thursday .
The two episodes , simply titled “ 200/201 , ” were televised in April and came under a severe amount of scrutiny because some interpretations of Islam forbid visual representations of the prophet .
As Dave Itzkoff reported at the time , the satire “ elicited an ominous message from an Islamic group based in New York . ”
The group implied that the creators of “ South Park , ” Matt Stone and Trey Parker , would “ probably wind up like Theo van Gogh for airing this show . ”
Mr. van Gogh was killed by an Islamic militant in Amsterdam six years ago .
The episodes were censored by the channel that carries “ South Park , ” Comedy Central , and they have not been repeated on television since April .
They are also unable to be viewed on the show ’s Web site , SouthParkStudios.com .
“ After we delivered the show , and prior to broadcast , Comedy Central placed numerous additional audio bleeps throughout the episode .
We do not have network approval to stream our original version of the show , ” the Web site says .
(…)
“ We ’re extremely proud of ‘ South Park ’s ’ tenth overall Emmy nomination and hope that the series will be honored with its fifth Emmy Award later this year , ” a Comedy Central spokesman said in an e-mail message .
The spokesman declined to say whether the channel intended to televise the episodes again .
From flickr
User interface design is hard .
It 's hard because people perceive apparently simple things very differently .
For example , take a look at this interface to an elevator : Now imagine the following situation .
You are on the third floor of this building and you wish to go to the tenth .
The elevator is on the fifth floor and there 's an indicator that tells you where it is .
Which button do you press ?
Most people probably say : " press up " since they want to go up .
Not long ago I watched someone do the opposite and questioned them about their behavior .
They said : " well the elevator is on the fifth floor and I am on the third , so I want it to come down to me " .
Much can be learnt about the design of user interfaces by considering this , apparently , simple interface .
If you think about the elevator button problem you 'll find that something so simple has hidden depths .
How do people learn about elevator calling ?
What 's the right amount of information to present to people ?
Do people need to know where the elevator is , or just that it 's coming ?
Are up and down buttons necessary ?
What about having a single call button ?
1 . I do n't know how I learnt that the correct thing to do was press the button indicating the direction I wished to travel .
It 's sort of elevator folk wisdom .
Somehow you learn through experience or an elder passing on the knowledge .
I 've never actually seen an elevator with instructions .
Have you ?
So , it 's quite natural that some people wo n't have learnt the user interface of an elevator .
If you 're designing a user interface it 's worth stopping and pondering the things you assume ' everyone knows ' about it .
2 .
The information about the current floor the elevator is on actually presents a problem for the caller .
It 's additional information that the person I interrogated assumed was needed to make a decision .
Sometimes extraneous information takes on an importance all of its own .
Here the user was assuming that you needed to know where the elevator was .
Actually all you need to know is that the elevator system has responded to your request and an elevator is coming .
3 .
Another oddity is that you call the elevator with up and down buttons ( indicating a travel preference ) and then get in the elevator and press a button .
There 's nothing to stop you contradicting yourself by indicating a different direction of travel .
Which makes you wonder why you had to indicate the direction in the first place .
Typically , you have to tell the elevator your direction because an arriving elevator may already have people in it who have already instructed it to go to a certain floor .
Thus the elevator is going up or down .
If you register your request then the elevator can tell you whether it can meet that request .
One interface optimization would be to replace the up and down with a single call button .
Passing elevators would stop and indicate which direction they were traveling .
This simplifies the interface while placing a burden on the system which will perform wasteful stops for people who want to travel in the opposite direction .
Here 's where UI and internal system dynamics trade - off .
A UI decision might actually make the system less efficient .
PS
Of course , you can do away with buttons altogether and just have a Paternoster .
I used to love riding in one in the engineering building in Oxford .
We are making some improvements to the design and layout of the BBC News website soon .
There will be a clean new design with more space for the main stories of the day , video and pictures .
We have moved the navigation from the left - hand side of the page to the top to create more space .
The most recently published stories will be flagged on the front page with a “ New ” badge .
On story pages , we ’re placing top stories and features alongside the story so you 'll see the main content of the day even if you do n't visit the front page .
Related content and collected further reading will be placed within and at the bottom of stories .
Local news from around the UK will be easier to find ...
... as will headlines from around the world .
There 'll be more prominent links to help you share stories quickly and simply with friends on social networks , including Facebook and Twitter , if you want to .
The cover of yesterday 's British newspaper Times & Citizen never bothered to replace the filler text for its main feature story headline .
We know things are rough out there , but here 's what happens when you let the copy editors go .
Concerns about the use of dispersant by the Rapid Response Teams ( RRT ) working on the Deepwater Horizon spill led to the ” Deepwater Horizon Dispersant Use Meeting ” that was held on May 26 - 27 .
A report of that meeting is now available ( h/t NatResDr ) .
After a brief review of the current status at the well , with inclinometer readings going on , nuts apparently removed , and the apparent tear of one of the seals in the cap , we ’ll get back to that report .
First the status :
The thread is being closed .
Please move comments to http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6590 .
For the first 12 hours on June 10th ( midnight to noon ) , approximately 7,630 barrels of oil were collected and 15.3 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared .
On June 9th , a total of approximately 15,800 barrels of oil were collected and 31 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared .
And here is the apparent seal that has torn , and slipped out of the cap .
View from the Skandi ROV 2 at 10 pm 10th June 2010 .
And so on to what the report says .
The panel included experts from a variety of universities and agencies .
To justify the use of dispersants , the report provides a background .
To prevent landfall of the oil , mechanical recovery techniques were used , including skimming and booming , as well as in situ burning .
However , when poor weather conditions limited the effectiveness and suitability of mechanical recovery and burning , dispersants were applied to disperse surface oil and prevent landfall .
In early May , responders began injecting dispersants at the source of the release in order to prevent oil from reaching the surface .
These techniques have largely been successful , and have reduced the amount of oil reaching the nearshore .
The meeting was divided into four breakout groups that addressed
(1) Efficacy and effectiveness of surface and deep ocean use of dispersants ;
(2) Physical transport and chemical behavior of dispersants and dispersed oil ;
(3) Exposure pathways and biological effects resulting from deep ocean application of dispersants ; and
(4) Exposure pathways and biological effects resulting from surface application of dispersants .
What follows are direct quotes from the report .
As background they were also told that :
1. Surface dispersant operations have only been conducted in pre-approved zones (> 3 miles offshore , > 10 m water depth ) .
2 . Most dispersants have been applied 20 - 50 miles offshore where the water is much greater than 100 ft deep ;
3 . The footprint of surface dispersant application is relatively small ;
4 . The body of water in which the dispersants are applied is constantly changing ; and
5 . This meeting focused on oil effects and dispersants in general .
Group One ( Effectiveness of dispersants )
They stated that the current state of knowledge was :
 Oil emulsion (> 15 – 20 % water ) is non-dispersible
 Plume is between 1100 – 1300 m deep moving SW direction
 DWH oil high in alkanes , and has a PAH composition similar to South Louisiana reference crude
 Lighter PAHs (< C15 ) are likely volatilizing
 Viscosity of emulsified oil is between 5500 - 8500 centistoke
 Emulsion may be destabilizing ( 50 - 60 % )
 Primary detection method , C3 ( fluorometer ) , only gives relative trends – does not accurately measure concentration of total oil or degree of dispersion
Their conclusions included the following .
For surface applications
1. Surface application of dispersants has been demonstrated to be effective for the DWH incident and should continue to be used .
2 . The use of chemical dispersants is needed to augment other response options because of a combination of factors for the DWH incident ( i.e. , continuous , large volume release ) .
3 . Winds and currents may move any oil on the surface toward sensitive wetlands .
4. Limitations of mechanical containment and recovery , as well as in situ burning .
5. Weathered DWH oil may be dispersible .
Further lab and field studies are needed to assess the efficacy and efficiency and optimal dispersant application ( e.g. , multiple dispersant applications ) .
6 . Spotter airplanes are essential for good slick targeting for large scale aerial applications ( e.g. , C - 130 ) , so their use should be continued .
7 . In order to most effectively use the assets available , the appropriate vessels or aircraft should be selected based on the size and location of the slick and condition of oil .
Dispersing the oil reduces surface slicks and shoreline oiling .
The use of chemical dispersants enhances the natural dispersion process ( e.g. , the smaller droplet size enhances potential biodegradation ) .
Dispersing the oil also reduces the amount of waste generated from mechanical containment and recovery , as well as shoreline cleanup .
For underwater applications
1 . The subsurface dispersant dosage should be optimized to achieve a Dispersant to Oil Ratio ( DOR ) of 1:50 .
Because conditions are ideal ( i.e. , fresh , un- weathered oil ) a lower ratio can be used , reducing the amount of dispersant required .
The volume injected should be based on the minimum oil flowrate , however an accurate volumetric oil flowrate is required to ensure that the DOR is optimized .
2 . If we assume a 15,000 bbls / day oil rate and a 1:50 DOR , then actual dispersant flowrate is roughly similar to the current application rate of 9 GPM .
3 . To further optimize dispersant efficacy , the contact time between dispersant and oil should be maximized .
Longer contact time ensures better mixing of oil and dispersant prior to being released into the water , and should result in better droplet formation .
4. Contact time can be increased by shifting the position of the application wand deeper into the riser , optimizing nozzle design on the application wand to increase fluid sheer , and increasing the temperature of the dispersant to lower viscosity .
5 . Effectiveness should be validated by allowing for a short period of no dispersant application followed by a short time of dispersant usage to look for visual improvements in subsurface plume .
Dispersants are never 100 % effective .
The flow rate of oil out of the damaged riser is not constant , and significant amounts of methane gas are being released .
Because the effective DOR is a function of oil flow rate , changes in the oil flow rate may significantly impact the actual DOR .
If the DOR is too low , dispersion may not be maximized , while if it is too high , dispersant will be unnecessarily added to the environment .
Assumptions are based on knowledge at standard temperatures and pressures ( STP ) , while conditions at the riser are significantly different .
Group members suggested that the oil escaping the damaged riser may be in excess of 100°C , and it is unclear what effect this has on the dispersant , or the efficacy or effectiveness of droplet formation .
These conditions may drastically alter fluid behavior .
Finally , there is an opportunity cost of changes to application wand position and development and deployment of a new nozzle .
When optimized , subsurface dispersant application may reduce or eliminate the need for surface dispersant application , and will reduce surfacing and resurfacing of oil .
Group 2 ( Transport and behavior of dispersed oil )
The current state of knowledge is :
 Surface models are effective and continuously improving
 SMART protocols are improving
 Increase of sampling at depth
 Well researched region ( oceanographic and ecological studies )
 Well established baseline data
 Airborne application protocols are established
Their conclusions included the following :
1. Create an on - scene environmental review committee to advise SSCs that will be responsible for providing immediate operational and scientific advice , and aid in dispersant decisions .
2. Clearly define geographic area / water volume of concern .
3. Establishment of a more comprehensive sampling and monitoring program to understand transport of oil on the surface and potential for long - term increases to TPH , TPAH , oxygen demand , or lowering of DO with continued dispersant application .
This could be done by implementing off - shore water ( first 10 m ) monitoring stations ( e.g. , fixed stationary positions such as other drill rigs ) .
Continued dispersant use trades shoreline impacts for water column impacts .
This increases the uncertainty of the fate of the oil , and potentially increases the oil sedimentation rate on the bottom .
Continued dispersant use reduces the threat distance , protects shorelines , likely increases the biodegradation rate of the oil , inhibits formation of emulsions , reduces waste management , and potentially reduces buildup of VOCs in the air .
Group 3 ( Biological Effects of Dispersants )
The current state of knowledge is :
 Minerals Management Services , Gulf of Mexico deep water studies / reports :
 Natural hydrocarbon seepage in the Gulf of Mexico approximately 40 million gallons per year
 Some knowledge and past studies on deep water species in the Gulf of Mexico
 Preliminary modeling
 Preliminary monitoring data ( Fluorometry data , Particle size analysis , Temperature , Salinity , D.O. , Hydrocarbon , Acute toxicity , Acoustic data , sonar , Genomics )
Their conclusions included the following :
1. Dispersant risk assessment should consider volume of DWH incident relative to natural seepage
2 . There is a net benefit to continued subsurface dispersant use and application should continue , these include :
 Surface water column and beach impacts vs. vertical water column impacts 
Observed reduction in volatile organics at surface
 Enhances the interaction between oil and suspended particulate material
 Accelerated microbial degradation through increased bioavailability
 Rapid recovery of downward sulfate diffusion and upward methane diffusion related to shallow sediment geochemistry
 Based on current knowledge , subsurface dispersant use confines the aerial extent of impact
 Current impact zone is less than 50 km radius
 Reduction in emulsified oil at the surface
 Reduction of phototoxic impacts
Group 4 ( Biological Effects of Dispersant on surface water species )
The current state of knowledge is :
 The oil is being dispersed in the top ten meters of the water column from surface dispersant application ( fluorescence methods )
Their recommendations included :
1. Surface application of dispersants is acceptable .
Transferring the risk from the surface to the top 10 m is the lesser of the many evils .
2. Additional monitoring is required to better model where dispersed oil is going .
Long term ( monthly ) monitoring is required at a minimum , and should be conducted in a grid formation inshore to open ocean .
Passive samplers ( i.e. , SPME ) should be used in selected areas , while a active water sampling program should be implemented to measure dispersant and dispersed oil , dissolved oxygen , and standard CTD + chlorophyll concentrations , as well as selected bioassays .
The report has 26 references , some of which are web accessible , and several appendices , listing the agenda , those present , and those in each group .
If you have further questions the report is available .
Anyone breaching a 20 - meter safety zone established by the Coast Guard around all Deepwater Horizon clean - up and response operations may face fines and felony charges
Very distressing if not surprising news .
Everywhere I go , people are talking about not being able to find jobs after their unemployment checks run out .
How are they supposed to survive in the meantime ?
Maybe someone should , you know , do something about it ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The White House said Friday it expects that unemployment will stay at or above 9 % until 2012 , but at the same time forecast that the economy will grow by at least 4 % in 2011 and 2012 .
It also revised its long - term deficit estimate under President Obama 's proposed 2011 budget :
The administration now believes the 10 - year deficit will be $ 58 billion less than projected in February when the budget blueprint was first released .
Under the revised estimates , Uncle Sam will ring up $ 8.474 trillion in deficits between 2011 and 2020 , down from the $ 8.532 trillion estimated in February .
In the near - term , the administration expects the 2010 deficit to come in at $ 1.47 trillion -- slightly lower than originally forecast and slightly above last year 's deficit of $ 1.41 trillion .
Meanwhile , the 2011 and 2012 deficits will come in somewhat higher than the White House forecast in February .
Though the Clinton Administration passed a law years ago allowing states to test welfare recipients for drug abuse , one Republican senator wants to go farther : require drug tests of anyone who applies for government assistance .
Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) offered an amendment Tuesday that would require drug tests for those who seek welfare and unemployment benefits .
States have the authority to enact drug testing requirements for their welfare programs under the 1996 Welfare Reform Act , signed into law by President Bill Clinton , but they are not mandated to conduct tests under current law .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This amendment is a way to help people get off of drugs to become productive and healthy members of society , while ensuring that valuable taxpayer dollars are n’t wasted , ” Hatch said of his proposal .
“ Too many Americans are locked into a life of a dangerous dependency not only on drugs , but the federal assistance that serves to enable their addiction . ”
An advocate for the poor lambasted the idea .
“ If people who need all kinds of help ca n’t get certain kinds of help , that is just not right , ” Linda Hilton of the Crossroads Urban Center in Salt Lake City told the Salt Lake Tribune .
She added that she “ could n’t fathom the idea of denying assistance to a person with an alcohol dependency , and she worries it could punish entire families for the addiction of a parent . ”
A press release from Hatch ’s office said that any “ money saved as a result of this amendment would be used to reduce the deficit . ”
But Hilton countered that the amendment would actually cost the government money , because federal officials would have to free up more funding for alcohol and drug treatment programs .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Hill noted that : “ Hatch introduced an amendment to the tax extenders bill that would require those who are applying for some of the benefits in that bill , including unemployment and welfare benefits , to pass a drug test in exchange for the benefits .
“ Under the Hatch amendment , ” the paper continued , “ individuals who fail to qualify for benefits because they failed a drug test would n’t necessarily be jailed , but would be enrolled in a state or federal drug treatment program . ”
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DummiedOut
The level still exists in the final ... just without the graphics .
Or collision data .
Killer Bow Description , Final Fantasy I & II : Dawn of Souls " If you 're reading this , you 've either found a bug or are a 1337 haXX0r . "
Advertisement :
When some feature , level , monster or something else was meant to be put in a game but ultimately ended up getting cut out for whatever reason .
Except instead of deleting the data entirely , the programmers just remove all legitimate ways to access it , leaving pieces of it in the game code ( textures , models , sprites , etc. ) .
For instance , setting the game so a particular enemy never actually spawns , or removing all entrances to a level that was never finished .
The primary reason for this is because most video game consoles use static file structures , referring to particular data segments .
Much of the debugging was getting the structure to cooperate with the console , so removing large batches of code was impractical at best and often opened up more problems than it solved .
As such , unless the space was needed , dummied content would just be left in with all references in the other files cut .
With modern version control systems available , this is considered bad coding style these days .
Advertisement :
There can be many reasons as to why some data was left over and dummied out to begin with .
Developers always use debugging tools to test levels or game mechanics ( some include the ability to gain items at will or warp to any level ) and these kinds of things are usually something the player should n't have access to .
Another example is content that the developers cut out at the last minute because the concept they wanted to use either did n't work out too well , they were pressed for time and were forced to cut out content to meet a strict schedule , or unforeseen copyright issues .
The remaining bits of data or map could sometimes result in false cases of Notice This , and players getting an Empty Room Psych out of it .
If the fans get talking , a mythical access to it can become an Urban Legend of Zelda .
In other media this takes the form of What Could Have Been .
Dummied out content is sometimes accessible with skill , patience , or merciless exploiting of glitches , but usually requires modding or hacking of some sort .
Advertisement :
As with anything on the Internet , a wiki exists to document all of a given games ' dummied out and unused content , with users data mining a games ' files and uploading them to The Cutting Room Floor wiki for all the world to see .
If a dummied out concept or content gets reused for other works , it becomes a Development Gag .
See also Minus World .
Game Mods will sometimes reopen access to it .
Compare Orphaned Reference .
Examples :
Other
open / close all folders
Infrastructure
" Ramps to nowhere " are bridges or highway ramps that dead - end in midair , intended for aborted freeway projects .
For example , the ramps of the cancelled R.H. Thomson Expressway near Seattle 's Washington Arboretum , which were finally demolished in 2015 , and until 1990 , the I - 5 / I - 90 interchange .
SR - 520 ended in a similar fashion for several years .
The Alaskan Way viaduct also had dummy ramps that were meant to connect with I - 90 ; that part of the viaduct was demolished in 2011 .
In Florham Park , NJ , there is a double overpass over the NJ Route 24 freeway , with rights of way cleared for a full cloverleaf interchange , that has never carried any vehicles over the freeway and never will .
It is a relic of the abandoned Tri-Borough Parkway , meant to connect Main Street in Chatham and Madison ( the former alignment of Route 24 ) , with the south end of the Eisenhower Parkway in Livingston .
note
On the highway westbound , there is a sign gantry east of the exit that was meant to serve it ; for years one blank sign had the scars of the wording that had been on it It got canceled during an era when a mile of the freeway west of the Passaic River had been graded and partially paved but a citizen tax revolt had stalled any further work .
Just like the video game example that creates this trope , it would be extremely expensive to demolish it so it remains standing .
Another example of this is the Korean War Veterans Parkway in Staten Island , New York , where it was supposed to connect to the Staten Island Expressway on another part of the island .
Due to protests from residents and environmentalists , the construction project was canceled and the parkway ends at a dead end with grass growing over the unfinished portions of the road , directing traffic to the side streets as drivers reach the highway 's end .
New York 's I -990 , the highest numbered interstate route in the US , just ends at a junction with a state highway about five or six miles north of its southern terminus at I - 290 in Amherst .
It was originally supposed to go a lot further , to Lockport , but the public had gotten sick of unrestricted freeway construction by that point .
Interstate 180 is a 13 mile offshoot of I - 80 leading to the tiny town of Hennepin , Illinois , originally built so a steel plant there could have easy Interstate access .
Unfortunately , the plant went out of business almost as soon as 180 was completed .
180 still stands , and is one of the least travelled pieces of Interstate in America ... and in a fit of circular logic , this has been used as justification to scuttle a proposed extension to the more metropolitan Peoria , where an on-ramp and section of Interstate - grade highway meant to connect with it instead dead - end in the middle of a field .
Also in Illinois is the Amstutz Expressway , a 2.9 mile four - lane highway which is known as the road - to - nowhere .
The Amstutz was originally planned as a connecting route for the downtown area of Waukegan , but the critical link between the neighboring village of North Chicago was never built , and the factories the expressway was designed to serve have since closed .
Fewer than 15,000 vehicles use this route as a result , because it 's used so little , the Amstutz is often used for filming in movies such as Batman Begins , The Blues Brothers , Groundhog Day , Film / Contagion and The Ice Harvest .
Ditto for Interstate 170 ( US 40 ) in Maryland .
The ghost ramps were scheduled for demolition in summer 2011 .
West of Baltimore , I - 70 officially ends in a park - and - ride lot just to the east of its junction with I - 83 .
The cleared right - of - way continues to the edge of Gwyn Falls Park .
As originally planned , the interstate would have continued all the way to a junction with I -95 near the harbor note
The segment linked above was part of that Then there 's the ghost ramps of I - 275 in Florida .
The area near New York 's Empire Plaza state office complex in Albany has two of these .
At the Rensselaer end of the Dunn Memorial Bridge that carries US 20 across the Hudson River , two stub ends are visible .
On the west side , a divided freeway suddenly ends in a loop at the west boundary of the complex once you pass the entrance to the underground parking .
Both are relics of a canceled freeway project that would have extended to I -90 on the east and another north - south freeway ( also never built ) in the middle of Albany to its west .
is a 13 mile offshoot of I - 80 leading to the tiny town of Hennepin , Illinois , originally built so a steel plant there could have easy Interstate access .
Unfortunately , the plant went out of business almost as soon as 180 was completed .
180 still stands , and is one of the least travelled pieces of Interstate in America ... and in a fit of circular logic , this has been used as justification to scuttle a proposed extension to the more metropolitan Peoria , where an on-ramp and section of Interstate - grade highway meant to connect with it instead dead - end in the middle of a field .
Most of the original Seven Mile Bridge in the Florida Keys , connecting Knight 's Key to Little Duck Key .
The original bridge was replaced by a new bridge in 1982 , parallel to the old one , but the old one still exists with a couple of sections removed , thereby leaving it unconnected to land .
Because it was no longer attached to land , it was ruled in 2006 that it was considered a " wet feet " location as per the " wet feet , dry feet " policy and that a group of Cuban refugees that had made it to the old bridge could still be sent back to Cuba ; hearing that the U.S. had apparently disavowed ownership of the old Seven Mile Bridge , the Conch Republic attempted to annex it .
attempted to annex it .
There 's a double example in Clinton , Michigan ( a small town southwest of Ann Arbor , not the Detroit suburb ) , resulting from two expressways that were planned but never built .
One would have run along the path of M - 52 , which to this day still has an extra - wide right - of - way for what would have been the northbound lanes of an expressway .
The other would 've run closely to US - 12 ( which was US - 112 at the time ) , but it was pretty much scuttled once I - 94 was built only a few miles north .
Despite the changes in plans , there is still visible grading for what would 've been a cloverleaf exit between the M - 52 and US - 112 expressways .
for what would 've been a cloverleaf exit between the M - 52 and US - 112 expressways .
New York 's Route 7 in northern Rensselaer County also has an extra wide right of way in the vicinity of Tunkhannock Reservoir .
It was supposedly done in preparation for the extension of I - 88 ( which currently ends at I - 90 just north of Schenectady ) to Vermont .
A little north of that , US 4 becomes an expressway at the Vermont state line , and continues that way to Rutland , where it ends abruptly at a junction with US 7 .
That was all supposed to be part of I - 92 , connecting the Albany area with I -91 and I - 89 .
Some examples from the Netherlands :
There 's a 30 + km long 2 - lane road between the Dutch cities of Haarlem and Leiden that was originally planned as a 4 - lane road ( 40 years ago ) .
The bodies of sand for the 4 lanes are present , and despite being only a 2 - lane road , this stretch is raised , with bridges and onramps like a highway , unlike most Dutch 2 - lane roads and many 4 - lane roads which have traffic lights at intersections .
At the north end , near Haarlem , there 's a curious turn in the road , and you can see the body of sand continuing ahead for a little while ( but not too far , because the north stretch of the road is blocked by other developments )
Likewise , between Delft and Rotterdam there is a huge undocumented park that was originally planned to be a highway .
It will finally be created after nearly 50 years of discussion ...
If you look at the outskirts of the national airport Schiphol on satellite pictures ( Google Maps ) you can spot the remnants of a never created road stretching along the southern edge westwards right through the city of Hoofddorp .
The only true proof that you can see on the ground is a rail bridge crossing the non-existing road , some obvious gaps in dykes , and a ditch .
The exit for Gateway Boulevard off of California State Highway 24 between Orinda and the Caldecott Tunnel for years ( until the construction of the Bruns Amphitheater ) seemed to be an exit to nowhere .
It was originally intended to be a major interchange for the never - constructed State Highway 93 , which was to connect with the also never completed State Highway 77 .
Currently , the exit has been renamed Wilder Road and some ( different ) development is resuming in the area .
Manchester 's Mancunian
Way has an off - ramp near the A34 that got halfway through being built before somebody realised that it would send traffic the wrong way down a one - way street .
Its access point is now blocked off by a sign advertising a ( slightly more ) correctly built junction , while it 's hidden at the other end by a billboard .
Stephenson Avenue in Perth , Australia is a 4 lane , 1 km stretch of road originally intended to be part of a much longer highway - the other part of Stephenson Avenue can be found considerably further south .
The likelihood of this highway being completed now is slim - a wetland that the road would pass through has now been restored and houses abut the road reserve ( which is still clear ) .
Another highway example : Freeways were often built in segments , and after a particular segment was completed , it would often be shunted onto a nearby side road to provide smoother traffic transitions .
Such an arrangement would exist until the next leg of the freeway was open , at which point the " shunt " would generally be abandoned ( or less commonly , incorporated into something else ) .
Here is such an example north of Montague , Michigan , where US 31 was temporarily shunted onto its pre-freeway alignment before the freeway was extended to the north ; the shunt is still clearly visible but unused .
Similarly , Interstate 70 originally shunted off onto US 40 in the small town of Kirkersville , Ohio , until the rest of the freeway was built to the west in The '60s .
The " shunt " was left partially intact , and the former eastbound lanes of the shunt now serve as the northernmost portion of SR 158 .
is such an example north of Montague , Michigan , where US 31 was temporarily shunted onto its pre-freeway alignment before the freeway was extended to the north ; the shunt is still clearly visible but unused .
A good example exists in eastern Connecticut for a freeway that was never completed .
Originally , I - 84 was slated to run east from Hartford to Providence , but plans were scuttled over environmental concerns .
The would - be routing has a great deal of evidence , most notable in I - 384 , a short stub bypassing Manchester to the south .
Originally , I - 384 actually was signed as I - 84 , but after the plans into Rhode Island were scuttled , the I - 84 designation was shifted to the north , supplanting the short I - 86 into Sturbridge , MA .
Another piece of the never - built I - 84 exists as a freeway bypass of Willimantic , CT , which bears the US - 6 designation and has obvious tie-ins at either end for further expansion .
Finally , the US - 6/ I - 295 exit west of Providence has an obvious stub where I - 84 would 've fit in , and the ramp that would have gone from I - 295 northbound to I - 84 westbound is now just a redundant loop that allows northbound travelers to immediately flip back around to southbound I -295 instead .
If one looks at maps at Interstate 295 in Virginia , one can see that , where 295 merges into I - 64 at the very end , there is a highway stub where the Interstate would have continued .
There were indeed plans to continue past that area , but were scuttled when the decision was made to focus on the Virginia State Route 288 / World War II Veterans Memorial Highway , which effectively did the same thing .
While the southbound stub is still there , today the northbound stub and the cloverleaf on - ramp has been removed in favor of an overpass on - ramp to get on 295 .
Interstate 189 , a southern bypass of Burlington , Vermont , was to have continued to the north and curve into downtown Burlington .
However , it was never built due to presence of toxic waste , so the highway ends in a " stub " that is blocked off by Jersey barriers .
that is blocked off by Jersey barriers .
Like freeways , subways also contain many areas that were never finished or decommissioned early on , for example , the easternmost part of Aldwych Station .
Charing Cross on the Jubilee Line in The London Underground served as the line 's central London terminus until 1979 , when it got closed off due to the Jubilee Line extension to Stratford .
The station spur was retained to relay trains as well as serve as a film set .
White City on the Central Line bears the distinction of being the only London Underground station where trains have right - side running instead of left - side running , a byproduct of earlier construction .
The line originally ended at Shepherd 's Bush , and then trains made a sharp turn north to a storage yard and service facility .
Then Wood Lane station opened in 1908 , and the track was extended back to Shepherd 's Bush to create a balloon loop , with the return of the loop seeing trains cross over the terminating track .
In 1947 , White City and the West Ruislip extension opened , and Wood Lane was closed .
The tracks were built branching out of the existing loop , and White City was close enough that the station had to be built with right - hand running .
The tracks revert to their normal left - hand running just past White City on the other side .
The western half of the Jubilee line from Baker Street to Stanmore used to be a second branch of the Bakerloo line prior to 1979 when they were split off and given their own line designation to clear up congestion .
New platforms were built for the Jubilee line , while nonrevenue track connections were built between the two routes at Baker Street for moving work trains .
Kymlinge station on the Stockholm Metro is another one .
The area was supposed to be developed into a suburb , but such plans were eventually scrapped .
By then , planning of the line the station was on was already well under way , and the station was built but left intentionally unfinished and unopened .
There are also stories about the station being haunted .
Moscow Metro has quite a few .
Several stations were built without exits and any decorations , and when line extensions these were on opened , trains would n't stop there .
One of them , Spartak on line 7 , was completed and opened in 2014 .
Troitse - Lykovo on the northwestern part of line 3 is responsible for creating the longest ( over 6 km / 4 miles ) ride between stations in the whole system .
It 's visible from the trains as a somewhat wider , more lit tunnel .
Speaking of longest distances between stations , line 9 once had one between Tulskaya and Nagatinskaya .
A station was planned there , but work done on it is limited to leaving a straight flat section of tunnel suitable for building platforms , higher ceiling , exits and rooms with equipment required for a standard metro station .
There 's a diagonal tunnel leading to surface near Paveletskaya on line 2 .
Its lower end connects to nothing more than line tunnels and it has stairs instead of normally required for depths like there escalators .
Nobody knows the true purpose of this structure , most likely it was built either as an extra emergency exit or to facilitate evacuation of a then - large industrial area above in case of air raid .
Delovoy Tsentr is a very recent example .
Two new island platforms were built next to each other to serve trains branching there from lines 8A and 11 from different directions , creating an incomplete ( since tracks of different directions do n't connect near this station , just come close enough and then go parallel into it ) triangle .
These lines opened as a short 2 - station single track , with the southern part of the station operational , then extensions to Petrovskiy Park ( 11 ) and Ramenki ( 8A ) opened .
After some time , northern platform was finished , and it was decided to run southbound trains from line 11 there instead of northbound from 8A by using the new part of the station - meaning the line 8A - side platforms were closed after mere months of service , somewhat similar to the Charing Cross example .
The southern half of the station is now temporarily fenced off with corrugated metal sheets .
Or maybe not so temporarily - see below .
Lines 8 and 8A .
The former , unlike many other radial lines , terminates close to the city centre .
The western part was being planned for years and finally opened in the 10s as 8A - however , there 's still no connection through the centre .
Both share the same color and number , suggesting a future unification , that also explains why Delovoi Tsentr was initially served by 8A trains as it's where the central part of the line should start from .
Instead , its platforms there were closed , it now continues with line 11 to Savelovskaya , with plans to connect it to what 's now the under - construction line 15 .
Furthermore , some time later it was officially declared that the 8A and 8 linking plan is cancelled due to high complexity and costs .
The New York City Subway has plenty of these as well .
Perhaps the most infamous example is the Second Avenue Subway in Manhattan .
This was intended to be a replacement for the soon - to - be - demolished Third Avenue Elevated line , but for a long time , nothing got built save for a few unused tunnels , one of which was rented out for a wine cellar .
There are also tunnel headings , unused station shells , and in one case an entire stub line ( now used for the Transit Museum ) which had been intended for the never - built IND Second System .
It was not until 2007 that the line finally got a proper construction , and the first three station segment from 72nd Street to 96th Street opened in late December 2016 as an extension of the Q train .
Nostrand Avenue on the IND Fulton Street Line is a unique two - level express station , as the express tracks are on the upper level and local tracks are on the lower level , rather than the other way around .
The station was originally planned to be a conventional local station with four tracks and two side platforms , with a mezzanine , as proven by the fact that the upper level platforms are wider than the lower level ones ( which would have been consistent with the design of a mezzanine ) , and two unused trackways exist on the lower level between the local tracks ( which would have been consistent with the typical design of a local station on a four - track line ) .
A curtain wall separates the local tracks from the unused trackways on both sides .
On either side of the station , the express tracks ascend from the local tracks to serve the upper level , then descend to rejoin them .
In the Rio de Janeiro subway system there 's an underground semi-made station between two active ones which is very visible as a gigantic cave for whoever goes through that route .
It also had a planned elevated station that was never built , which results in an enormous way of about 1.2 miles between two stations .
There was originally going to be one through Cincinnati .
The project was scrapped , but several tunnels were constructed before hand .
One is visible near the Norwood lateral on ramp .
It 's blocked by a three story tall slat fence .
That was n't always the case .
There were no tracks , but the tunnel was finished and the atmosphere just screams get out .
Even during the day .
Lougheed Town Centre station of Vancouver 's SkyTrain initially had a third platform and a series of switching tracks built for the planned Evergreen Line .
The line was eventually completed and opened at the end of 2016 as the " Evergreen Extension " , extending the existing Millennium Line to Port Moody and Coquitlam ; Coquitlam Central station includes an extra track stub for a potential future expansion to Port Coquitlam .
On the Chicago L , there is an extra wide right of way leading to 2 unused tunnel portals at the west portal of the Milwaukee Dearborn Subway on the Blue Line near UIC .
These were once intended for a four track subway line ; only two tracks were ever built , and the unused tunnels dead - end after a few yards .
Also on the Blue Line , one will notice that when the tracks curve from Lake Street to Milwaukee Avenue , the tunnel bores continue west , albeit with no track of any kind on them , which were intended for a future subway under Lake Street that never saw the light of day .
If commuting on Metra 's Milwaukee District North Line , Milwaukee District West Line , North Central Service , or Union Pacific West Line , your train passes under a signal bridge east of Tower A2 that looks like a truss arch bridge .
That bridge is a remnant from the Paulina Connector of the old Metropolitan Elevated .
From 1895 to 1951 , trains on the Met 's Northwest Side branches to Humboldt Park and Logan Square used the bridge ◊ to travel south to the Met main line ◊ before entering the Loop at Van Buren and Wells .
In 1951 , the Milwaukee Dearborn Subway opened and all trains from Logan Square were rerouted into the subway .
the north - south section of the old Northwest branch including this signal bridge became nonrevenue trackage known as the Paulina Connector .
A connection between the Milwaukee Elevated and Paulina Connector remained at Evergreen for several years ◊ , as the connector was the only connection between the Milwaukee Line ( as the newly - independent portion of the Northwest branch along Milwaukee Avenue became known ) and the rest of the system and was used for nonrevenue equipment moves until 1964 when it was demolished .
Only part of the Paulina Connector south of Lake Street remains in operation , used by the Pink Line .
Toronto 's subway system has its fair share of examples : ' Lower Bay ' station is located underneath Bay station .
Intended to be part of an experiment in interlining the subway system , the station was only open for six months in 1966 before being shut permanently .
The subway platforms still exist as they did in 1966 and are frequently used as a filming location .
' Lower Queen ' did n't even get that far .
Roughed out for a proposed subway using streetcars ( similar to the Queen 's Quay LRT station , it was left incomplete after the city decided to build the Bloor - Danforth line ( now Line 2 ) instead .
Speaking of Bloor - Danforth / Line 2 , Kipling station , as of 2017 the western terminus , has space for an elevated rapid transit track on the upper level opposite the bus bays .
This proposal has not yet been acted on , but the track remains .
The station 's subway level is also open at the western end to make it easier to add a future westward expansion of the line .
Lesser examples exist at the original terminal stations of the Bloor - Danforth line , Keele and Woodbine .
When the line first opened , stub streetcar lines operated east and west of the subway on what remained of the original Bloor line .
Special corridors connecting the streetcar loops to the subway platforms were bricked up and converted to staff space after the subway was expanded and the streetcars discontinued .
A former / partial example is the transit level of the Prince Edward Viaduct , completed in 1918 over the Don River valley .
The designer of the bridge and R. C. Harris , the head of public works at the time , insisted on having a lower level added for a future subway line .
Controversial at the time for its cost , the decision was vindicated when the Bloor - Danforth subway ( noticing a pattern ? ) opened in 1966 .
The partial example is the Rosedale Valley section of the viaduct ; the turn between the two , having been designed for a subway line using streetcars , was deemed too sharp for the system eventually built , so the transit level on this part of the viaduct was bypassed by a new build .
Back on Line 1 / Yonge - University - Spadina , Queen 's Park and St Patrick stations used to have three cross-passages between the northbound and southbound sides of their platforms .
One in each station was bricked up after a 16 year - old woman was stabbed to death in one of them in 1975 .
The passages served as effective hiding places for attackers and served no other purpose ( unlike the other two passages , which also provided access to the exits ) , so they could be closed off without affecting passenger movement .
A non-TTC example in Toronto is the Toronto Zoo Domain Ride , a people mover ( typically and erroneously called a monorail ) that operated from 1976 until 1994 , when an accident prompted its closure .
The trains are long gone , but the stations and much of the concrete guideway are all still in place .
May become an aversion with the proposed introduction of a Maglev system for the zoo .
Philadelphia 's SEPTA system had a " ghost station , " built under a Sears , Roebuck and Co. building on Roosevelt Boulevard in 1967 in anticipation of an extension of the Broad Street Subway .
Construction of the extension never came to pass , and the station was destroyed when the Sears building was imploded in 1994 .
The Docklands Light Railway , when built , had a ' ghost station ' at Canary Wharf .
The original station was dismantled almost as soon as the line opened for the area to be redeveloped , but the scheduling software was not updated , so trains would still stop on what was now an empty viaduct over a building site .
When development had finished a new , much larger station was built .
St James station in Sydney 's suburban train network was originally intended by John Bradfield note designer and engineer of the Sydney Harbour Bridge , who also proposed plans for the current City Circle station loop to be a major interchange station , serving a much more developed Eastern Suburbs line than what ended up being built .
Four platforms were constructed in the station , but the inner two platforms never entered service and were eventually filled in and paved over with concrete , resulting in the station having an abnormally wide space between the outer platforms .
The rail tunnels connected to said platforms were instead used as a mushroom farm during the Depression and air raid shelter during World War II , and have since fallen into disuse .
The Berlin U And S Bahn got subjected to this trope during the Cold War when the city was divided into east and west .
Whilst most lines running east - west were simply closed or terminated at the Wall , a few lines connecting parts of West Berlin unavoidably passed through East Berlin .
As a result and to prevent defections , public access to stations along these routes were blocked off and both stations and lines removed from East German maps , whilst from the Western POV trains simply did not stop at the now - disused stations .
Their dim lighting and the sight of border guards peering out was what first gave rise to the nickname " ghost stations " , a full list of which can be found on The Other Wiki here .
The S - Bahn in West - Berlin got another problem .
Due to Exact Words in a allied decree from the 1940s saying the Deutsche Reichsbahn would run the S - Bahn of all West - Berlin and said " Reichsbahn " being de facto the GDR railway , the East German government ran the West Berlin S - Bahn .
Initially this was a great source of hard currency for the GDR , but after the wall was built in 1961 almost all West - Berliners refused to take the S - Bahn because they did not want to give any money to the GDR regime .
Naturally the stations deteriorated and half empty trains ran through even emptier stations until in the mid eighties the GDR authorities had had enough and simply gifted the S - Bahn to West - Berlin - who only very reluctantly agreed to take it .
You would not know it from the way the stations look today , but for quite some time the S - Bahn was actually better in the East than in the West .
.
Due to various reasons bridges are often the first thing that gets built for new railroad construction .
This has a bunch of benefits and can help reduce both the time and the cost projects take .
However , during the construction phase there will be a bridge that connects to nothing on either side .
Now if the construction gets delayed or canceled , the whole thing just looks ridiculous .
For instance , drivers on US 6 west of Denver , Colorado pass under a truss bridge that carries a light rail line over the highway , a bridge that was moved into place in 2009 , a full four years before the line opened .
A more egregious example is the High Speed Rail connection from Leipzig to Nuremberg ( part of a new axis cutting journey time on the roughly 600 km from Berlin to Munich to just four hours ) .
While the initial plans were drawn up almost immediately upon reunification in the nineties , it spent years in Development Hell ( the tentative opening of the final part is December of 2017 ) and two bridges were already constructed yet served no visible purpose for almost a decade .
The term " Soda - Brücke " was quickly coined for a bridge that is " just there " ( einfach so da ) without any purpose .
bridges were already constructed yet served no visible purpose for almost a decade .
The term " Soda - Brücke " was quickly coined for a bridge that is " just there " ( einfach so da ) without any purpose .
The Michigan Central Railway Bridge , located upstream from the Whirlpool Rapids Bridge and visible from the Rainbow Bridge , was closed in the 1990s , the last train crossing it in 1993 .
Fences and barbed wire have been installed and the tracks on the bridge and the Canadian side have been removed , but the grading is still present on either side .
It was planned to be demolished in 2012 , but is still standing .
, located upstream from the Whirlpool Rapids Bridge and visible from the Rainbow Bridge , was closed in the 1990s , the last train crossing it in 1993 .
Fences and barbed wire have been installed and the tracks on the bridge and the Canadian side have been removed , but the grading is still present on either side .
It was planned to be demolished in 2012 , but is still standing .
The 501 -503 Construction Project in Russia .
This was intended to be a railroad from North Urals to Igarka near Yenisei 's mouth .
A part of this railroad was built in Stalin 's times using gulag inmate labor , but work stopped when Stalin died .
For several decades the rails just sat there in the tundra , unused .
Then part of the railroad was disassembled , and part reclaimed by Gazprom and repaired back into use .
But most of the 501- 503 still sits there , rusting .
MIT 's Building 9 originally had a corridor that connected to Building 7 , but when the Rotch Library was added on to Building 7 , it took up that space and the connection had to be removed .
This resulted in Building 9 having a corridor which has a short flight of stairs leading to nothing but a dead end .
In 1998 , some clever anonymous hackers put a mural there of a painted tunnel with Wile E. Coyote smashed into it , and it 's been there ever since .
Seattle 's Ballard Bridge has a pair of fenced - off stairways to nowhere on its south end , near the Fisherman 's Terminal .
It is unknown whether they were actually used for anything .
of a painted tunnel with Wile E. Coyote smashed into it , and it 's been there ever since .
Seen frequently in shopping malls , which often cover up vacant storefronts with temporary walls .
This is more obvious when a department store vacates a mall , often resulting in a hallway that abruptly dead - ends in a wall .
In some cases , the vacant anchor is even torn down , creating a more glaring vacancy .
Other times , a hallway is intended to end in an anchor store which is never built in the first place .
For example , Kyova Mall in Ashland , Kentucky was supposed to have six anchor stores , but two were never built and to this day , the mall has two hallways which lead only to grassy fields .
Some shopping malls had basement levels that , if anything , usually hosted only tenants such as a food court , theater , or arcade .
In some cases , the space would simply be sealed off to the public , with elevators and escalators blocking it off .
In extreme cases , an entire wing of vacant stores may be walled off so that the public cannot access it , or even torn down .
Even in cases where the mall is " demalled " and turned into a conventional strip mall , a portion of the enclosed mall concourse may still remain .
In most cases , this may be to provide access to still - operational stores that have not integrated into the newer layout ( whether temporarily or permanently ) , but in a few cases , the remaining mall corridors may be left as service hallways or fire escapes and thus inaccessible to the general public .
Work had already started on a new shopping centre in Bradford , England when the recession hit .
A large chunk of the city had already been demolished and the foundations had been dug when the money ran out and the work halted .
The site has been fenced off to the public and has been known as Bradford 's big hole ever since .
Likewise with Bloomfield Park , a partially - built shopping mall in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan ( suburb of Detroit ) .
It got stopped short due to some legal wrangling .
Also , Kendall Town Center in Miami was supposed to be a mixed - use property consisting of a mall and apartments .
It was put on indefinite hold after the financially - strapped developer merged with another company , but there are still occasional rumblings of the vacant site coming to life .
Thailand has a large number of unfinished " ghost buildings " ; monuments to the late 1990's Asian financial crash .
Greece apparently has a property tax loophole where you do n't need to pay it if your house is under construction .
This means that there are whole neighborhoods of houses that are in an " incomplete " state ( half - finished extension of the kitchen , a room with no roof , house with no west wall etc. ) so their occupants do n't pay the property taxes .
Egypt has a similar loophole for buildings that have n't been finished , leading to many buildings with an unfinished top floor which appears in the original plans , but which the builders had no intention of ever finishing , and in many cases is n't even accessible from the floors below it .
In Florida , a fixture along I - 4 is the unfinished Majesty Building in Altamonte .
Described as " God 's electric razor " for its shape , it 's a skyscraper intended to be the headquarters of a not - for - profit religious organization and is funded entirely by public donations .
The building has n't progressed beyond a glass facade in 10 years , and continues to fail to live up to its promises to be finished within the " next year . "
Tampa International Airport is supposed to have six airside terminals ; however , Airside D was demolished in the mid-2000s and never rebuilt .
Since the airside terminals connect to the main terminal via tram lines ( a similar configuration is used at Orlando International Airport ) , this led to there being an elevated tram line that abruptly dead - ends into nothing .
.
Many buildings have unused elevator shafts , where no elevator car is installed .
Occasionally , a business may occupy a building , but not use the entirety of it .
In such cases , the unused portion may be walled off and used for storage , or just left untouched .
For instance :
This is very common with " secondary " businesses that almost exclusively repurpose other buildings instead of using their own .
Examples include Big Lots , Hobby Lobby , Planet Fitness , Burlington note formerly known as Burlington Coat Factory , Save - a - Lot , and Tractor Supply Company .
It 's not unheard of to see one of these businesses taking over an abandoned grocery store or big box store , and then using only half of it while letting the other half sit untouched .
It can also be subverted in cases where they take only half of the building and another chain uses the other half .
If a department store with more than one level is underperforming , the owners will sometimes consolidate to just one or two floors to lessen maintenance .
In such cases , the elevators / escalators will be blocked off from public use .
This is commonly seen with Dillard 's , which often downgrades lower - performing stores to smaller - format " clearance " stores before closing them , but it has also been increasingly common with Sears .
In some cases , the unused portion of the store will get sold off to another retailer entirely .
This was also seen frequently with Steve & Barry 's , which almost exclusively repurposed existing buildings .
If they took an anchor store in a declining mall , they would often take only the main floor , and not even touch the upper level at all ; if they took over a vast single floor building such as an abandoned Kmart , then they would only use about half of it and cordon off the rest .
Countless hotels that eliminate their swimming pools for maintenance reasons will often leave behind the structures around it , such as the pool deck .
Disney Theme Parks contain many remnants of attractions that were never finished , such as the dragon - shaped rock and castle bridge at Disney 's Animal Kingdom intended for Beastly Kingdom , and the ravens in The Haunted Mansion that were supposed to be the narrator .
They also include remnants of attractions that have long been demolished ( the Magic Kingdom Skyway 's terminals were n't demolished until over a decade after the ride closed , the Tomorrowland station was razed during Space Mountain 's 2009 refurbishment and the Fantasyland station was used for stroller parking until it was razed for an expansion of Fantasyland ) .
In a case of future - proofing , balconies were built in 1971 on the buildings for Flight to the Moon and the Circlevision Theatre where they opened onto Tomorrowland 's main entrance pathway .
In 1975 , they were turned into part of the Tomorrowland Transit Authority .
In 2010 , due to economic difficulties , Woodland Park Zoo closed and barricaded the Night half of its Day & Night Exhibit , although the Day part retained its name .
East of the Raptor Center is a hilly fenced - off area with vacant enclosures that once housed mountain goats , beavers and otters , this being one of the few areas that has not been renovated .
From 1973 until 2017 Hersheypark 's monorail had a ghost station on its route .
The second station was a stop at the Hershey chocolate factory for the Factory Tour attraction ; this stop was only used for four years , when in 1973 Hershey Chocolate built the Chocolate World Attraction with an simulated tour dark ride and the monorail station at the Factory was closed .
A rerouting of the monorail in 2017 bypassed the portion of the company headquarters parking lot that the stop was located in , and the station was removed .
The Aerotrain peoplemover at Washington Dulles International Airport was built with future renovations to the airport 's terminals in mind .
It is proposed that Concourses C and D will be replaced with new concourses , and thus the station for Concourse C on the Aerotrain is located where the future concourse is to be built .
However , since the Metropolitan Washington Airport Authority has not been able to get the new concourse building off the ground , an underground walkway was built between the Aerotrain station at Concourse C and the existing Concourse C .
And there are escalators to nowhere in the station that was built .
The Hotel Alexandria in Los Angeles has a " phantom wing " that has been sealed off from the rest of the building since an ownership conflict in 1938 , and since no elevators or stairs were built in the wing , all floors above ground level are inaccessible .
A developer purchased the wing in 2012 and plans to convert it into luxury apartments .
Madrid , in Spain , is fond of this trope :
It was planned to build close to the CTBA , a business park in the northern part of the city , the Centro Internacional de Convenciones de Madrid ◊ note Yes , it would look like a giant cheese .
Recession arrived and those plans were scrapped forever , leaving this hole in the ground ◊ , until a new skyscraper began to be built in 2017 .
Years ago there were plans to construct a conmuter train that would connect Móstoles , a largue conmuter town close to Madrid , with Navalcarnero , a town at a few kilometers .
Recession hit there , too , and construction was indefinitely stopped , leaving this ◊ , among other similar things , for some years , before work was started to close down what was built and leave everything as it was before work was started .
At some ski areas , when a chairlift gets replaced , the replacement sometimes does n't follow the same alignment as the lift it replaced .
As a result , you can see a visible scar on the mountain where the original lift operated .
Sometimes bits of the old infrastructure are still intact : Several old lift alignments can be found at Breckenridge Ski Resort in Colorado are still easy to find .
At the top of the Mercury SuperChair on Peak 9 , there 's a shed near where traffic from Lift E enters the clearing .
The shed is formerly the vault from Lift B , the double chairlift the Mercury SuperChair replaced .
Lift B 's liftline is still mostly intact .
Lift D was a double chairlift on lower Peak 9 , and was replaced by the Beaver Run SuperChair in 1990 .
Its lift line is still visible , and a couple of its towers , plus a haul rope and a few chairs , are now repurposed as a lift evacuation training area ( just uphill from where the Beaver Run SuperChair crosses under the Peak 8 SuperConnect ) .
The lift line of the defunct Lift 2 on Peak 8 is signed as a ski trail , accessible via Springmeier .
The Eagle Wind lift at Winter Park Resort used to operate as the Outrigger lift in the Winter Park section of the mountain .
It opened in 1978 , running from Snoasis Restaurant to just above Sunspot Lodge .
It was made an auxiliary lift in 1999 when the Eskimo Express lift opened on the adjacent Retta 's Run .
In 2003 , Outrigger was delisted from the Winter Park map and its chairs removed , except for three chairs at the top .
The lift was like this until 2005 , when the cable and all of the towers below Cranmer Cutoff were removed .
Finally , in 2006 , everything else was taken out and relocated to Vasquez Ridge to function as Eagle Wind .
In 2007 , Winter Park replaced their Timberline double chairlift with a longer high speed six pack known as the Panoramic Express .
The new lift originates at the bottom of the Sunnyside lift , not at the start of the old Timberline lift .
Timberline 's bottom terminal stayed intact for a couple years even after the rest of the infrastructure was removed .
That non-operating double chairlift at Loveland that runs between Loveland Basin and Loveland Valley , crossing over US Route 6 , is Chair 5 , which was decommissioned around 2003 but has n't been removed .
Racing circuits often have sections dummied out when being upgraded or redesigned : Monza 's banked oval course , which could be combined with the main Grand Prix course , was last used for racing in 1969 and has been left to decay since then , although the Monza Rally Show still uses it once a year .
The Nürburgring Südschleife and Start und Ziel Schleife were abandoned in 1975 and mostly demolished to make way for the Grand Prix circuit shortly after , although parts of the Südschleife still exist as public roads .
Silverstone 's famous Bridge Corner section between Abbey and Brooklands was decommissioned in 2010 when the circuit was redesigned to better accommodate Moto GP races , being replaced by the current Arena turn complex leading onto the National ( now Wellington )
Straight before rejoining the original GP layout at Brooklands .
The Bridge segment 's tarmac was left in place as a spectating area .
Hockenheimring 's controversial 2002 redesign eliminated the forested Ostkurve section in favor of more tight corners .
The Ostkurve 's right of way is still visible , but no longer drivable due being demolished and replanted with trees .
However , much of the original Dreieckskurs ( Triangle ) layout remains intact as public or service roads , though the southern tip was cut off from the rest of the course by the construction of Autobahn 6 in 1965 .
Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps , similar to Hockenheim , was cut down to less than half its former length upon redesign ; unlike that , the public roads making up the old portion are still drivable .
Despite being only built in the mid 1985 and only consisting of two lines , the Pittsburgh Light Rail / Subway system , " The T , " has an abundance of leftover and abandoned lines , largely from the existing infrastructure used to build it .
Entry to the subway tunnels underneath Downtown was built using an abandoned train tunnel that connected Penn Station in the Strip District and the mainline of the Pennsylvania Railroad above the Southside .
When subway was built the point where the tunnel curved toward Penn Station was turned into Steel Plaza Station , with a new tunnel splitting off to continue underneath downtown .
However , the old tunnel continuing to Penn Station was kept along with a shuttle line and platform serving it , ostensibly to connect the subway with the Martin Luther King East Busway .
This line became obsolete , however , when the Busway buses had their routes rerouted to take them into Downtown itself , and the shuttle line was cut .
The platforms for the shuttle , however , are still at Steel Plaza Station and are rarely ever used .
From its opening in 1985 until 2009 all lines of the subway had their terminus downtown at Gateway Center Station , when in 2009 the station was closed in order to construct an underground extension across the Allegheny River .
As the line now required a turn in order to enter the tunnel , Gateway Center Station was closed and largely demolished with its replacement , Gateway Station , opening in 2012 .
While Gateway Center Station was largely demolished , its southbound train platform was left standing , and can still be seen if one sits in a rear facing seat on a southbound train .
Outside of downtown , the light rail system was built upon upgrades to existing trolley and streetcar tracks which in turn leads to other oddities .
The most notable of which is the unused set of platforms at South Hills Junction and the train tracks running from it along Warrington and Arlington Avenues on Mount Washington .
The old platforms were , at the time of conversion to light rail , used for the 52 Allentown , 47D Drake , 47S South Hills Village , and 47L Library streetcar lines .
Rerouting of the 47 lines into the new Blue Line Light Rail made the platform only used by the 52 line , which was also converted into the " Brown Line . "
The Brown Line continued to use the Warrington / Arlington Tracks until 2011 , when service cutbacks saw its light rail service replaced with an extended bus service .
The tracks are still present , however , and are used by the subway whenever the Mount Washington Transit Tunnel needs to be closed .
As noted the Blue line was built upon the former right of ways for the the 47L Library and 47D Drake ( itself the last remnant of former intercity trolley line ) lines of streetcars , however when the light rail system opened in 1985 a new spur , the 47S South Hills Village , was added along the 47D Drake Line to service South Hills Village Mall and the new trainyard just beyond there .
The 47D Drake continued to be in service along this line , splitting at Dorchester Station , until it was cut in 1999 , largely due to being superfluous thanks to the 47S .
The track and overhead wires used for the Drake line are still present along nearly its entire length along Graesers Run , and can be easily seen along the line between South Hills Village and Dorchester Stations .
A rare example involving movie theaters : Star Theatres opened the Gratiot 10 cinema in Clinton Township , Michigan ( yes , the Detroit suburb ) on May 11 , 1990 , and throughout the course of 1990s , 11 additional screens were built , bringing the total number to 21 by 1998 .
In early 2018 , AMC , which took over the theater in 2006 , downsized the facility to 15 screens by closing off the 1998 - built six - screen wing and filling in the emergency exit doors into the closed auditoriums with additional concrete blocks .
In - Universe
In Adventure : The Inside Job , video game characters love to spend their free time in dummied - out locations , since players would never bother them while they 're here .
Wreck - It Ralph is set in video games , so naturally it has a few examples .
One is the major character Vanellope Von Schweetz , a character from the racing game Sugar Rush .
She glitches in and out when emotionally compromised and is n't allowed to race because she 's not a legitimate racer from the game , despite racing being her dream .
She lives in Diet Cola Mountain , a dummied - out bonus level .
This was actually Invoked on her by King Candy , who 's the real imposter , being Turbo , a character from a removed racing game who invaded Sugar Rush because he could n't stand the spotlight being on someone other than him .
Vanellope is indeed a real character fully intended to be in the game , but when Turbo took over , he messed with her code , making everyone forget her and taking her place as the ruler of Sugar Rush .
Since .hack takes place in a fictional MMO , it similarly makes sense that there are examples here as well .
In .hack / / IMOQ , Kite has the unique Bracelet item , which functionally allows him to hack The World ( the game within the game ) to affect enemies .
One of the possible results when he does so is to get a free item , and some of these items have names that look like placeholders , and which cannot be obtained in any other fashion , and these are generally much more powerful than any other option .
It 's never outright said , but the suggestion is that these were dummied out of The World , and Kite 's use of the Bracelet lets him access these anyway .
Most obvious is SWORD , which can be obtained first late in .hack // Mutation in high - level lambda server dungeons .
Music
In the days when vinyl records were the predominant format , album sleeves had to be printed far in advance so that they would be ready when the vinyl was being pressed .
As a result , there are a few albums which listed tracks that were cut from the album at the last minute : Lord Melody 's Grine Am , which lists the still unreleased " Mass For Sail " .
The lyric sheets for the vinyl release of Pink Floyd 's The Wall have the lyrics for " What Shall We Do Now ? " after " Goodbye Blue Sky " , where " Empty Spaces " is on the actual album .
The lyrics for " Empty Spaces " , in turn , are right before " Goodbye Cruel World " at the end of the side .
" What Shall We Do Now ? " was cut from the album before release due to space constraints on the record , before being whittled down to just the intro and modified to turn it into the much shorter " Empty Spaces " .
The full version of " What Shall We Do Now ? " would be featured in live performances and in the album 's 1982 film adaptation , both in its intended spot .
Interestingly , the 2000 Live Album from the 1980 - 1981 tour for The Wall separates " What Shall We Do Now ? " into two tracks : the intro and the main body , the former being listed as " Empty Spaces " and the latter as " What Shall We Do Now ? "
Japan 's Gentlemen Take Polaroids , which lists " Some Kind Of Fool " which is still unreleased , save a much later David Sylvian rerecording .
The album plays " Burning Bridges " , and a sticker was included to highlight this .
As a result of its omission , the planned inner sleeve with lyrics was omitted entirely as it was too costly to remake the ones with the Some Kind Of Fool lyrics .
Sylvian has repeatedly vetoed the release of the original due to dissatisfaction with his lyrics , much to fans ' annoyance .
R.E.M.'s Fables Of The Reconstruction , which lists " When I Was Young " on the inner sleeve .
It would be rewritten as " I Believe " on the following album Lifes Rich Pageant , although a Fables era demo of this was years later released on its deluxe edition , under the name " Throw Those Trolls Away " .
Another R.E.M. example happened not with an LP release , but a cassette one : early cassette releases of Murmur list a Cover Version of " There She Goes Again " by the Velvet Underground as the closing track , and indeed this was the initial plan for the album .
However , the song was removed at the last minute both to make every song on the record original and to ensure that the band would n't have to take a royalty cut .
" There She Goes Again " would ultimately surface as the B - Side to the Murmur version of " Radio Free Europe " , before being included on the Dead Letter Office rarities compilation and as a bonus track on the 1992 The I.R.S. Years " CD reissue of Murmur '' , indexed in its originally intended spot on the tracklist .
An inversion of this situation happened with The Clash 's London Calling .
The closing track " Train in Vain " was added to the album at the last minute , long after the record sleeves were finalized , and as a result became an accidental Hidden Track of sorts , with its presence being indicated by an etching in the runout groove on side four .
It was later added to the back cover and liner notes ' tracklist on reissues .
In some cases , liner notes will refer to songs that were removed from the album , an example those of Outkast 's compilation " Big Boi And Dre Present Outkast " which lists " ATLiens " which was not included on the album .
Pink Floyd's
The Early Years 1965 - 1972 box set contains a 5.1 mix of Meddle buried in the data one of the discs .
Word of Saint Paul says that it was intended for release but pulled at the very last minute due to a lack of approval from the band .
This oversight was fixed by the time each discs was individually released the next year .
" How Could An Angel Break My Heart " by Toni Braxton originally featured producer Babyface adlibbing in the background , but he ultimately felt his vocals were distracting from Braxton 's performance , so he replaced his parts with Kenny G on the saxophone .
Nonetheless , the Babyface version is included on the single as the " remix " despite technically being the other way around .
Other Tech
Many MOD music files have unused or hidden patterns , sometimes accessible by skipping beyond the position where the song ends or loops .
Older model car kits , particularly by Tamiya and Fujimi , sometimes had battery - powered or friction - drive motors .
These were removed in the rereleased versions , but the cars retain the battery and / or motor compartments .
Likewise , many kits have unused parts , usually left over from other variations of the model .
An earlier iPod touch model had room for the yet - to - be- included camera .
Even though the popular games explorer in Windows 8 was removed , it can still be accessed with the run command " %SystemRoot % \explorer.exe /E , ::{ED228FDF-9EA8-4870-83b1-96b02CFE0D52} " .
Some programs for bringing back the start menu also use this .
This still works in Windows 10 to a certain extent - the only issue is that the module to benchmark the performance of a machine has been removed from Windows 10 and thus the folder will permanently say that the performance of the machine has not yet been tested .
Speaking of the start menu , the prerelease version of Windows 8 did have the start menu , just disabled by default .
It can be turned back on with a registry edit .
Windows Vista , 7 , and 8 all have sounds in " C:/ Windows / Media " that are n't linked to any event by default .
Some examples are " Windows Minimize " , " Windows Restore " ( both of which were probably removed for being too annoying ) , " chimes " , " chord " , " notify , and " recycle " .
The latter three sound like they are leftovers from Windows 2000 , except their filenames are lowercase ( as they are capital in 2000 ) .
At least one of the preview builds for Windows 8 can be forced to load the Aero desktop interface from Windows 7 by modifying the Registry .
However , this disables all the enhanced Desktop Mode functions that the Modern UI would implement .
Windows 8 still has " Windows Ding " and " Windows Critical Stop " even though they were replaced by " Windows Background " and " Windows Foreground " respectively .
Both of the sounds are n't linked to any sound scheme by default .
Not only are there unused sounds , but there are also a variety of MIDI files lurking within each version of Windows .
Windows 9x had " canyon " and " passport " ( holdovers from their Windows 3.1 days ) , while later versions have " town " and " onestop " ( holdover from earlier versions of DirectX which used the MIDIs in DXDIAG to test the sound card 's MIDI synthesizer ( s ) ) .
Windows 7 has the so - called " GodMode " folder .
This folder contains every Control Panel item .
Windows 95 has leftover shell elements from 3.1 inside the main directory .
You can still call up Program Manager and File Manager , the core shell elements of 3.1 .
The original PlayStation Dual Analog gamepad has circuitry and mounts for a vibration motor , which was only included in the Japanese version ; hence why some non-Dual Shock games have vibration when using a Dual Shock gamepad .
The Sega Master System has all the hardware of the SG - 1000 and can boot SG - 1000 ROMs even though the system and games were never released outside of Japan or New Zealand and that the feature was only officially supported in the Sega Mark III .
The only thing preventing you from playing SG - 1000 games is that the cartridges do n't fit in the cartridge slot .
There 's also the unused expansion slot on the bottom of the console , which was n't used ( though a floppy disk drive was planned ) and the contacts blocked off .
The redesigned Super NES model SNS - 101 and its Japanese counterpart , the SHVC - 101 Super Famicom Jr. , removed S - Video and RGB video support from its Multi Out port ( relabeling it AV OUT ) .
The video chip still supported these modes , but the respective pins went unused ; enterprising console modders could restore this functionality with a little rewiring .
The Wii hardware is capable of playing DVDs ( since the Nintendo optical disc format is based on DVDs ) , and unused code , text saying " Watch DVD , " and a DVD banner suggest it was originally going to feature DVD playback but was scrapped , likely because Nintendo believed it was n't worth the small licensing fee they would need to pay for each unit .
It can still be enabled with homebrew , though not in later consoles due to the drive chip being changed .
There are also graphics indicating there were plans to have the Wii Remote act as a TV remote , which was later implemented with the Japan - only TV guide channel TV no Tomo Channel G Guide for Wii and the Wii U GamePad .
The Nintendo 3DS has a 3D picture of a rhinoceros skull hidden in its operating system files , which was presumably used to test the 3D capabilities .
WebTV devices had a large " smart card " slot on the front , though they were never used for anything .
Going way back , Mattel 's Intellivision had the hardware capability to connect to its planned " Computer Component " , which would allow it to be used as a desktop personal computer .
Mattel was never able to make that work , however , and that debacle played a huge role in the company 's 1983 discontinuation of Intellivision .
The Wii U has a port on the bottom for accessories that were ultimately unreleased .
In the early days of portable tape cassette players after the release of the Sony Walkman , several companies tried cashing in by taking existing models of cassette players / recorders and simply removing features like recorder , speaker , stereo out , etc. in order to enable portable playback .
One such model , as discovered by Techmoan , was the Technics M1 Co - Deck , which , as he discovered during his teardown video on the device , still contains a tape erase head and a button for the record function , the latter of which is covered up by a piece of plastic on the front , due to it using the same cassette deck as the Technics M205 and M24 home stereo casette decks .
Other Examples
In a particularly unusual example , the " Winner 's Circle " Bonus Round on The $ 10,000 Pyramid was originally intended to have 10 categories instead of 6 .
After it was deemed too hard , a board was hastily nailed over the slots where the bottom 4 boxes on the triangular board would have gone .
This remained until the set was redesigned .
When TOM first started hosting Toonami , his design included some sort of attachment resembling a scope on the right side of his head .
Even during
The Intruder , when he used weaponry said scope still was n't used for anything .
During said event he switched into a new body ( TOM 2 ) and said body included the head - scope , now integrated into a divot on his head , but it still was n't ever used and it disappeared completely when he upgraded into his third body ( TOM 3 ) .
No design has included the scope since .
So - called " Junk DNA " , more properly known as Noncoding DNA , was initially believed to be non-functional remnants of ancestral genes .
It has been shown that many non-coding DNA segments actually help regulate other genes , but still the majority of DNA segments are not under any constraint and their mutations do not change body functions in any way .
While we 're on the topic of bodies , there are many parts of the human body that are still present today , but do not seem to be used for anything .
The most notable examples are the Appendix ( part of the digestive system that 's used in digesting grass ) , Wisdom Teeth ( extra molars from when human 's jaws were larger ) and the Coccyx ( what remains of the tail bones ) .
Many animals also display vestigial features which is helpful for determining their ancestry .
The Golden Mole 's eyes have been reduced to lens covered by skin ( as sight is virtually useless to a burrowing animal ) and all that remains of the whale 's back legs are relatively tiny bones that are practically embedded within mounds of flesh and are unconnected to the rest of the skeleton .
It is not unheard of , however , for the blocking code to vanish or weaken in some specimens , giving the whale noticeable growths with the unmistakable morphology of legs ( if disfigured ones ) .
, was initially believed to be non-functional remnants of ancestral genes .
It has been shown that many non-coding DNA segments actually help regulate other genes , but still the majority of DNA segments are not under any constraint and their mutations do not change body functions in any way .
An interesting example would be in Star Trek : The Next Generation where an early model of the Ambassador Class is visible in the conference room as a mural of all the Starfleet ships named Enterprise .
The final Ambassador design was very different , but the ship in the mural was never changed .
Other examples may be present in the various models of ships found on desks of officers ; leftovers of models that were going to be used but never were .
A rare tabletop RPG example : the Avalon sourcebook for 7th Sea has a Destiny Spread that grants the character a " 1 Point Druidic Secrets Advantage . "
But Druidic Secrets did n't make it to the printed book .
Another one :
The first manual for TSR 's espionage RPG Top Secret makes several references to an " Intercept Chart " that should be used to resolve certain situations .
But it was n't in the manual .
A few months after its release , creator Merle Rasmussen explained in response to a reader letter in Dragon that it had been edited out of the manual in one of the last revisions and should be disregarded .
It 's not uncommon for a manufacturer to use stickers to hide / correct erroneous information that has been discovered on a product 's packaging after it's too late to change the packaging itself .
Seeing what content is underneath is as easy as removing the sticker .
For example , the PAL release of No Man's Sky special edition infamously had a sticker covering part of the box indicating the game had multiplayer functionality .
Fulton County , Georgia 's abnormal shape is the result of having annexed the smaller Campbell and Milton Counties in 1932 as an austerity measure to save money during the Great Depression .
The northern Genie lamp - shaped part of Fulton County that comprises Roswell , Alpharetta , St. John 's and Sandy Springs is what used to be Milton County , while Campbell County was originally the part of Fulton County that borders Coweta County .
Toys
Occasionally , Transformers toys will have features taken out during production .
One of the most famous is Hoist from Transformers Armada , which was intended to have a geared gimmick similar to that of Cyclonus .
Armada Hot Shot 's Powerlinx figure instruction sheet includes an illustration showing his visor being movable over his eyes like on the show , but on the actual figure his visor is molded to his head .
This is due to using the same instructions as his original toy , which did have a flip - down visor .
Voyager - class Starscream from Transformers Cybertron has space for batteries and a speaker , and even some of the circuitry for sound effects , but in all of its releases , the mold has never featured sound effects .
On the topic of Voyager - class Starscreams , the Revenge of the Fallen Voyager Starscream was originally meant to have hinges in his hands that would allow them to fold over on themselves to hide them in vehicle mode , and joints that would allow his arm - mounted weaponry to fold further out .
While neither of these exist on the final toy , both are visible in his instruction sheet .
The Generation 1 toys that were derived from the Diaclone series had " pilot seats " meant for the mini-figures that were included with the original toys .
Many of the missile launchers , especially on the reissues , were weakened or disabled .
Megatron 's original toy could actually load and fire small plastic bullets .
Given how Megatron 's toy very accurately resembles a small automatic handgun in his alternate mode , Hasbro saw the potential problems well in advance and disabled the feature before someone shot their eye out or , worse yet , was shot by mistake by someone thinking that the toy was a real gun .
A large number of Transformers molds are designed such that you can ' backlight ' their eyes by shining a light on a section of their head with translucent plastic called a " light pipe " .
A significant number of Transformers figures have this feature painted over so you can't use it , but the translucent eyes are still there .
Canny toy modders use this to implement their own backlighting .
Some , however , have the light pipe parts left unpainted but cast in opaque colors , preventing it from being easily changed back .
Sometimes , even whole alternate modes are Dummied Out of the official instructions .
Beast Machines Silverbolt has a very odd design with his robot - mode legs awkwardly arranged with no rhyme or reason in bird mode — fans discovered a much more feasible ' griffin ' mode that was not mentioned in the instructions .
Transformers : Robots in Disguise Megatron has four entire alternate modes omitted , given that he was somehow advertised with ten modes instead of six the next time they repainted and reissued his toy .
explanation
The original Car Robots Gigatron figure was actually designed with only six modes , although fiddling around with the figure generated four additional modes .
It received a slight retooling to supposedly better accommodate these new modes and was released by Takara as Devil Gigatron .
It was that version of the mold that was released by Hasbro as both RiD Megatron and Galvatron , with only the original six modes documented in Megatron 's instructions .
When the Transformers design team discovered that the locking point for the first Transformers : Prime Ultra Magnus ' gun did n't have enough traction to hold it in hammer mode , the port was made shallower so that it could n't be used and a new one was put above it in a more functional location .
Jawbreaker , a Beast Wars character , originally had an extra jaw hinge to make a more convincing hand from his hyena head in robot mode , but extra tabs were added to prevent it doing so .
There does n't seem to be any particular reason why , either , since it 's neither prone to breakage nor results in any more of a choking hazard than without the lock - out .
Unlike a lot of other examples , this one can be " hacked " back in using a razor blade .
The Combiner Wars Bombshell figure appears to have been originally intended to have a third mode as a gun for a larger figure , which was the case for several other toys of the same size in that line .
While the toy still has some 5 mm pegs that could be used as handles , it does n't have anything in its instructions for transforming into a weapon mode .
It 's still possible to figure something out by being creative .
Hasbro's Nerf N - Strike Barricade REV - 10 has an unused electrical switch set inside the grip that is not wired to the engine / trigger circuit .
Canny modders have used this switch to create a secondary trigger switch , a feature that Hasbro would later incorporate into the N - Strike Elite blasters that had electrical components .
Modern Toku toys ( most prominently Kamen Rider ) are two - piece arrangements , consisting of the core toy ( a Transformation Trinket , for instance ) and a multitude of smaller collectables that combine for full functionality .
More often than not the core toy has all the electronics while the collectables trigger the sounds by pressing hidden switches or something similar .
As a result , fans have been able to access the sound boards , which not only reveals a character 's powers before they appear in the show but sometimes reveals functions that never came up at all , either in the TV show or in the toy line .
Complete Selection note A series of high - end , life - sized replicas of Kamen Rider gear aimed at adult consumers version of Kamen Rider Decade 's Decadriver belt has transformation sounds for several post - Decade Riders , but the Rider Cards needed to access them were n't made until much later .
Similarly , " hacking " Kamen Rider Ghost 's Ghost Driver belt revealed a bunch of historical figures whose powers were never invoked in the TV series but appeared in the arcade game Ganbarizing , like Galileo Galilei , King Kamehameha , and Santa Claus .
One " hero " whose powers never appeared in either the series or the game was Kamen Rider 's creator , Shotaro Ishinomori .
Both the Power Rangers Megaforce Legendary Morpher and Power Rangers Dino Charge Dino Charge Morpher have sounds that are n't triggered by any of the available Ranger Keys or Dino Chargers , including holiday greetings and in the case of the Dino Charge Morpher , a message reminding kids to brush their teeth , likely from a scrapped promotional item to be given out with toothpaste or at dentist offices .
A 2002 WWE figure series called Draft was supposed to feature everyone who'd been on the Raw & Smackdown drafts at the time , and provide complete checklists on the back of the packaging .
However , due to costcutting , the decision was made to rerelease the most recent figure of everyone who already had one , make them all limited editions , and make humorous notes next to the wrestlers who could n't be included in the series .
Amongst these were Brock Lesnar , Mr Perfect , D'Lo Brown , Shawn Stasiak & Terri ( for the Raw draft ) as well as Mark Henry , Billy Kidman and Torrie Wilson ( for the Smackdown draft ) .
Websites
If you poke around The Best Page in the Universe 's pages ' HTML source , you 'll find a variety of commented - out bits .
Using the " view source " button on some pages here at TV Tropes will reveal commented - out lines in the wiki markup ( lines which begin with % % are comments ) .
At times , these may include examples that were Dummied Out because they did n't meet the Wiki standards ( such as Zero Content Examples ) , but were n't completely removed in hopes that some troper , someday , would save them .
On many news websites , some articles will show a different headline in the browser 's title bar from the headline on the actual page , reflecting a copy editor 's decision to change the display hed after putting the story online without going into the HTML for lack of time or skill .
Television
Indio police ask for help in finding missing man
Indio
As you might have seen on Wired or Engadget , we were poking around on the pre-release EVO from Google I/O and managed to get root access to it before it had been shipped .
You might remember my blurrycam video of the event :
We did n’t mention how we did it at the time , only that we exploited a serious vulnerability and recommended other users root their phones .
Now that Sprint ’s patch has been out in the wild for a while and everyone has updated , we ’re releasing more details on what the security vulnerability is .
The first step of rooting any phone is taking stock of what ’s on the device and doing a cursory check of whether you can use it to elevate permissions .
This means running a shell on the device and poring over ls -l in every directory .
On the EVO I received from I/O , there was a file named “ skyagent ” in the / system / bin directory of the device .
This file was also present in the latest , shipped firmware in Sprint HTC Hero phones .
When we started poking at it , we discovered that not only would it let us get root , but it was effectively a backdoor into the device that allowed external users to peek and poke input , dump the contents of the screen and run arbitrary programs .
Not only that , but the program listened on every interface , meaning external users could spy remotely on the device .
We were n’t able to determine if the program could be launched remotely , but once it was launched , it was a very effective back door .
We disclosed this to Sprint quickly after finding it .
They were very responsive and rolled it into a patch that they released alongside the EVO ’s launch .
We ’re still not sure what this program was doing on the device at launch .
One theory is that it ’s a test program , designed to provide input and output for automated testing on real devices .
Another theory is that it ’s a law - enforcement or three - letter - agency wiretap program for capturing communication .
Yet another is that it was placed there by a rogue employee as a plain , malicious backdoor .
There ’s not enough evidence to determine which ( if any ) of the theories is correct and Sprint has n’t disclosed anything .
Here ’s an excerpt from our coming vulnerability disclosure ( thanks to rpearl for turning our internal disclosure into something more readable ) :
The binary is executable by any user ; no authentication or privileges are necessary .
Further , during the program ’s initialization , there are numerous instances in which a buffer overflow can overwrite stack or bssmemory ; similarly , the program passes user controlled arguments unsanitized as a format string to a sprintf , also leading to memory being overwritten .
We believe that these can only be exploited to the point of a denial of service , not to the end of arbitrary code execution .
This appears to be by chance , not by design .
However , the security vulnerabilities present in skyagent are of less cause for concern than the purpose of the program .
It appears that the binary was designed as a backdoor into the phone , allowing remote control of the device without the user ’s knowledge or permission .
When the program is invoked , it listens for connections over TCP ( by default , port 12345 , on all interfaces , including the 3G network ! ) that accepts a fixed set of commands .
These commands appear to be authenticated only by a fixed “ magic number ” ; the commands are neither encrypted on the way to the device or on the way back .
The commands that we have knowledge of at this time include : sending and monitor user tap and drag input ( “ PentapHook ” ) ,
sending key events ( “ InputCapture ” ) ,
dumping the framebuffer ( “ captureScreen ” ) ,
listing processes ( “ GetProc ” ) ,
rebooting the device immediately ,
and executing arbitrary shell commands as root ( “ LaunchChild ” )
Here ’s the paper that Joshua Wise typed up from the analysis we did , describing the backdoor in more detail : Skyagent Protocol Description
One employee from Southwest Airlines is probably recovering from shock after finding somewhere between 40 and 60 human heads packaged on a flight to Fort Worth , Texas .
NBC reports that the heads were being sent to a medical research company but were improperly labeled and were packaged incorrectly .
The police were called , the problem was solved , and the heads got sent to one lucky coroner in Little Rock , Arkansas , where the flight was due to depart from .
You are now free to decapitate around the country .
A Comcast customer received this letter informing him that his account 's currently delinquent and that his service will be canceled if he does not pay the amount owed .
The trouble ?
The amount owed is $ 0.00 .
Update : More victims .
Odds are that this letter is the result of a system error , but I still wonder what will happen if this fellow does n't mail in a check soon .
[ Reddit ]
Update 1 : A Gizmodo reader just emailed me to explain that he was in the same situation recently — except instead of Comcast , he was dealing with Charter Communication .
He also owed $ 0.00 , but he did n't attempt to pay this odd amount .
The result ?
His service was canceled and Charter Communications tried to get him to pay a $ 25 fee for the mess .
Advertisement
Update 2 : Another reader wrote in about his experience with Comcast :
I just received a copy of this letter myself .
I called Comcast when I got it .
The woman I spoke with sounded quite unsurprised , and she also laughed a bit about it .
I offered to pay my balance in full .
She laughed some more .
Then she offered me a $ 10 credit to my account for the inconvenience .
I accepted .
She also asked me not to tell anyone about the letter , but she did not make the credit dependent on my willingness to stay quiet .
Presenting TLAF - Liquid` !
Text by riptide
Hello , Starcraft fans and welcome to a new era of TeamLiquid !
Just hours before the retail release of Starcraft 2 : Wings of Liberty , TL is proud to announce that Liquid` , our home team , is now proudly sponsored by TLAF - Liquid` !
There you have it , TL .
The gloves are off , and Liquid` is ready to brawl .
No longer just a team , but a sponsored team , Liquid` is an outfit that is preparing itself for greater things .
We ’d give you an introduction , but you already know these guys well .
They ’re from among us , and when Victor , Tyler , Jonathan , Dario and Hayder don their uniforms later this season , it 's us that they 're truly representing .
There are teams , and there are teams , but this is our team , TeamLiquid .
Our team .
As Nazgul and his men clean their keyboards , uncoil their mouse chords and get ready to roll out into Starcraft 2 , they do so knowing that they have a plethora of rabid SC2 fans behind them .
“ We ’re really happy that we got sponsored in time for SC2 - it 's a chance to play more tournaments and be more visible for our fans and community , ” says Victor “ Liquid`Nazgul ” Goossens , co-founder and current player / manager .
“ TLAF has been very supportive of Starcraft 2 during the beta , and we ’re delighted that they have now chosen to walk this road with us – we hope to do them proud ! ”
Makers of software like Playing Sponsor , a guy who not only funds a team , but funds a team because he plays the game and loves to see it played well at the highest level .
In fact , here 's the man himself , talking about SC2 , Liquid` , and why he does what he does .
Mathew Peterson
Chairmain TLAF , North American Zerg , Liquid` fanboy
" Whatever you 're doing just make sure you are having fun with the people you are working with . "
TL : Hi Mathew , and thanks for joining us .
In a few short months you 've come from being yet another fan of SC2 to a sponsor of an entire team .
How did this happen , and what has the ride been like ?
Mathew :
Thank you for having me .
The ride has been an interesting one , starting off with our sponsorship of the HDH and some unique showmatches .
This introduced me to a number of players , and I always found that the best mannered players and individuals tended to reside in Liquid and TL.net .
Once Nazgul approached me about sponsoring the team it was basically a no - brainer to say " Yes ! " .
TL : Awesome !
We 've heard bits and pieces about your gaming history in other interviews , but I think now is the moment to go back and look more closely at how you went from being just another guy with a passion for E - sports to being someone who is now a major player in the most competitive RTS scene of today .
Where did this journey start , and where do you see yourself and TLAF going from here ?
Mathew : I was always a gamer , ever since I was younger , and I 've especially liked RTS and RPG .
A few years ago I was part of the WoW guild Death & Taxes and that really introduced me to the passion and desire of competitive gaming .
After my friend showed me SC2 I really started to notice the scene via Husky , HD and Day9 and I wanted to see more competitive play , so I suggested the idea of HDH and we had a lot of fun and success .
As for the future , I 'd love to remain involved in the community , but with the hassle of seeking permission from Blizzard to run tournaments , sponsoring a team and helping to nurture some hopefully great players makes a lot more sense to our company .
TL : Let 's talk a bit about the game itself .
Given that you 're a huge fan of SC2 , what were some of your favourite plays during the Beta ?
Mathew : Haha , there were too many !
Obviously I , along with nearly everyone else , enjoyed the TLO vs. Nazgul game !
However , I enjoyed Whitera vs. IdrA in the HDH finals , TLO 's creep harass of Strelok in the GLHF .it , Tester vs. TLO in Day9's KotB and any interesting play by others that I 've forgotten .
I 'm also amazed by the quality of play from the likes of Tester , ITR , White - ra , QXC and IdrA .
TL : Wow , way to be TLO biased , man ! :D
Mathew : Haha , I will happily admit that !
But basically anyone who has done nifty play will win me over and TLO seems to do it in a regular fashion .
On a personal note , one of my favourite moments was playing a 4v4 with TLO , TBO and my brother .
Husky put up one of the videos but there were many more games with them that make me smile .
TL : That must have been a ton of fun .
I 'm sure you just made a lot of people very , very jealous !
Mathew : I hope not !
TL : Let 's talk some business now .
Your company makes products for Apple platforms , including OSX and the iPod / iPhone mobile OSes .
You also develop some applications for Windows .
How does the market for these products overlap with the general SC2 userbase , and what are your goals for TLAF in the months to ahead as it comes forward to sponsor Liquid` ?
Mathew : iRip , our primary product , is a tool that makes the lives of the non -tech savvy easier .
As many of us tech - savvy users are often our families ' technical support we believe that Liquid supporters can use iRip to provide their family with a simple and cost effective means of recovering their music in the event of an emergency .
As we move forward we will continue to port more of our applications to Windows and we hope the community enjoys their simplicity and ease of use .
As for Mac users , please , check out our catalogue as we believe it is one of the best when it comes to media management on the Mac !
In fact , as a thank you to all the kind supporters of Team Liquid we would like to offer them a coupon for 25 % off our products which will last for the entire 12 months of the sponsorship .
The coupon is TEAMLIQUID and please , feel free to share it around .
TL : Wow , thanks !
I ’m sure a lot of us will make good use of that offer .
We also look forward to seeing what TLAF produces in the months to come .
Moving on , let 's talk a bit about Liquid` .
As main sponsor , what is your vision for the team in general , and are there any specific goals you 'd like to see them fulfil in the months to come ?
Mathew : I leave those decisions up to Nazgul and the team .
All I want is for them to have fun and grow !
All of the team have been invited to HDH2 and I 'm really excited at their prospects .
TL : OK , that makes sense .
Personally though , what is your vision for Liquid` - beyond this first season of SC2 , beyond this year , where would you like to see the team , say this time next year ?
Mathew : I 'm hoping we seen a league system appear that is very similar to the one we have in Korea .
If that 's the case , I 'd love Liquid to be one of the top 3 teams in the world .
TL : Oh , we 'd love that too !
Finally , how about we talk a bit about the process of investing in SC2 ?
If there was one piece of advice you could give another individual or small business interested in sponsoring SC2 activities , what would it be ?
Mathew : Do n't anger Blizzard !
Haha , but seriously , whatever you 're doing just make sure you are having fun with the people you are working with .
TL : Hahaha .
Sound advice indeed .
Well , we 're ready to wrap things up , so thanks again for talking to us and of course , thanks a lot for sponsoring our team !
We wish you all the best with TLAF and hope you will join us on the forums as we root for Liquid` in the weeks and months to come .
Mathew : I certainly will !
Thanks for having me .
: Hi Mathew , and thanks for joining us .
In a few short months you 've come from being yet another fan of SC2 to a sponsor of an entire team .
How did this happen , and what has the ride been like ? :
Thank you for having me .
The ride has been an interesting one , starting off with our sponsorship of the HDH and some unique showmatches .
This introduced me to a number of players , and I always found that the best mannered players and individuals tended to reside in Liquid and TL.net .
Once Nazgul approached me about sponsoring the team it was basically a no - brainer to say " Yes ! " . : Awesome !
We 've heard bits and pieces about your gaming history in other interviews , but I think now is the moment to go back and look more closely at how you went from being just another guy with a passion for E - sports to being someone who is now a major player in the most competitive RTS scene of today .
Where did this journey start , and where do you see yourself and TLAF going from here ? :
I was always a gamer , ever since I was younger , and I 've especially liked RTS and RPG .
A few years ago I was part of the WoW guild Death & Taxes and that really introduced me to the passion and desire of competitive gaming .
After my friend showed me SC2 I really started to notice the scene via Husky , HD and Day9 and I wanted to see more competitive play , so I suggested the idea of HDH and we had a lot of fun and success .
As for the future , I 'd love to remain involved in the community , but with the hassle of seeking permission from Blizzard to run tournaments , sponsoring a team and helping to nurture some hopefully great players makes a lot more sense to our company . :
Let 's talk a bit about the game itself .
Given that you 're a huge fan of SC2 , what were some of your favourite plays during the Beta ? :
Haha , there were too many !
Obviously I , along with nearly everyone else , enjoyed the TLO vs.
Nazgul game !
However , I enjoyed Whitera vs. IdrA in the HDH finals , TLO 's creep harass of Strelok in the GLHF .it , Tester vs. TLO in Day9's KotB and any interesting play by others that I 've forgotten .
I'm also amazed by the quality of play from the likes of Tester , ITR , White - ra , QXC and IdrA. :
Wow , way to be TLO biased , man !
:D : Haha , I will happily admit that !
But basically anyone who has done nifty play will win me over and TLO seems to do it in a regular fashion .
On a personal note , one of my favourite moments was playing a 4v4 with TLO , TBO and my brother .
Husky put up one of the videos but there were many more games with them that make me smile . :
That must have been a ton of fun .
I 'm sure you just made a lot of people very , very jealous ! :
I hope not ! :
Let 's talk some business now .
Your company makes products for Apple platforms , including OSX and the iPod / iPhone mobile OSes .
You also develop some applications for Windows .
How does the market for these products overlap with the general SC2 userbase , and what are your goals for TLAF in the months to ahead as it comes forward to sponsor Liquid` ? : iRip , our primary product , is a tool that makes the lives of the non -tech savvy easier .
As many of us tech - savvy users are often our families ' technical support we believe that Liquid supporters can use iRip to provide their family with a simple and cost effective means of recovering their music in the event of an emergency .
As we move forward we will continue to port more of our applications to Windows and we hope the community enjoys their simplicity and ease of use .
As for Mac users , please , check out our catalogue as we believe it is one of the best when it comes to media management on the Mac !
In fact , as a thank you to all the kind supporters of Team Liquid we would like to offer them a coupon for 25 % off our products which will last for the entire 12 months of the sponsorship .
The coupon isand please , feel free to share it around . :
Wow , thanks !
I ’m sure a lot of us will make good use of that offer .
We also look forward to seeing what TLAF produces in the months to come .
Moving on , let 's talk a bit about Liquid` .
As main sponsor , what is your vision for the team in general , and are there any specific goals you 'd like to see them fulfil in the months to come ? :
I leave those decisions up to Nazgul and the team .
All I want is for them to have fun and grow !
All of the team have been invited to HDH2 and I 'm really excited at their prospects . :
OK , that makes sense .
Personally though , what is your vision for Liquid` - beyond this first season of SC2 , beyond this year , where would you like to see the team , say this time next year ? :
I 'm hoping we seen a league system appear that is very similar to the one we have in Korea .
If that 's the case , I 'd love Liquid to be one of the top 3 teams in the world . :
Oh , we 'd love that too !
Finally , how about we talk a bit about the process of investing in SC2 ?
If there was one piece of advice you could give another individual or small business interested in sponsoring SC2 activities , what would it be ? : Do n't anger Blizzard !
Haha , but seriously , whatever you 're doing just make sure you are having fun with the people you are working with . : Hahaha .
Sound advice indeed .
Well , we 're ready to wrap things up , so thanks again for talking to us and of course , thanks a lot for sponsoring our team !
We wish you all the best with TLAF and hope you will join us on the forums as we root for Liquid` in the weeks and months to come . : I certainly will !
Thanks for having me .
So yes , thanks again , TeamLiquid Attack !
After a long hiatus , TeamLiquid Attack is back with everyone 's favourite host , Chill !
Joined by numerous guest stars throughout the season , our renowned strategy forum mod will pit these players up against the community , letting fans like you play against your favourite players .
Of course , the big news is TLO and Nony , TLO and Nony , TLO and Nony !
Yes , as part of TLA this season , we 're bringing you Liquid` members Tyler " Liquid`Tyler " Wasieleski and Dario " Liquid`TLO " Wunsch .
You can watch them , you can play them , right here on TL !
Do n't miss it .
Oh my , oh my .
One thing ’s for sure – this is just the beginning .
The best , as they say , is yet to come .
With Nazgul ’s men out on the field and the entirety of TL behind them , there ’s really only one way to go from here .
Up .
Hang on , TL , we 're going for a ride !
Hello , Starcraft fans and welcome to a new era of TeamLiquid !
Just hours before the retail release of Starcraft 2 : Wings of Liberty , TL is proud to announce that Liquid` , our home team , is now proudly sponsored by The Little App Factory .
So , for the first time ever , we ’re here today to present
There you have it , TL .
The gloves are off , and Liquid` is ready to brawl .
No longer just a team , but a sponsored team , Liquid` is an outfit that is preparing itself for greater things .
We ’d give you an introduction , but you already know these guys well .
They ’re from among us , and when Victor , Tyler , Jonathan , Dario and Hayder don their uniforms later this season , it 's us that they 're truly representing .
There are teams , and there are teams , but this is our team , TeamLiquid .
Our team .
As Nazgul and his men clean their keyboards , uncoil their mouse chords and get ready to roll out into Starcraft 2 , they do so knowing that they have a plethora of rabid SC2 fans behind them .
“ We ’re really happy that we got sponsored in time for SC2 - it 's a chance to play more tournaments and be more visible for our fans and community , ” says Victor “ Liquid`Nazgul ” Goossens , co-founder and current player / manager .
“ TLAF has been very supportive of Starcraft 2 during the beta , and we ’re delighted that they have now chosen to walk this road with us – we hope to do them proud !
” Makers of software like iRip TLAF made its mark on the Starcraft 2 Beta scene early on .
Sponsoring tournaments and events , TLAF 's Chairman Mathew Peterson is what we like to call a , a guy who not only funds a team , but funds a team because he plays the game and loves to see it played well at the highest level .
In fact , here 's the man himself , talking about SC2 , Liquid` , and why he does what he does .
So yes , thanks again , The Little App Factory !
Too much good news to handle , TL ?
Wait , there 's more .
With Liquid` ready to rumble and SC2 being released just days from now , TeamLiquid is proud to present a new season of everyone 's favourite show !
Men and women of Starcraft , please welcome backAfter a long hiatus , TeamLiquid Attack is back with everyone 's favourite host , !
Joined by numerous guest stars throughout the season , our renowned strategy forum mod will pit these players up against the community , letting fans like you play against your favourite players .
Of course , the big news is TLO and Nony , TLO and Nony , TLO and Nony !
Yes , as part of TLA this season , we 're bringing you Liquid` members Tyler " Liquid`Tyler " Wasieleski and Dario " Liquid`TLO " Wunsch .
You can watch them , you can play them , right here on TL !
Do n't miss it .
Oh my , oh my .
One thing ’s for sure – this is just the beginning .
The best , as they say , is yet to come .
With Nazgul ’s men out on the field and the entirety of TL behind them , there ’s really only one way to go from here .
Up .
Hang on , TL , we 're going for a ride !
Administrator SKT T1 | Masters of the Universe
Britain has almost doubled the value of arms exports to Israel , according to official figures released yesterday .
Arms exports to Israel approved by the government totalled £ 22.5 m last year , almost twice the amount in 2004 , according the latest annual report on strategic export controls published by four government departments .
The report was released as the Liberal Democrat Leader , Sir Menzies Campbell , yesterday urged Tony Blair to suspend any further arms exports to Israel .
" In light of disproportionate military action by Israel in Lebanon and Gaza the UK government must suspend any further arms exports to Israel , " Sir Menzies wrote to the prime minister .
He said the government was right to ensure there were no arms transfers , either direct or indirect , from Britain to Syria , Iran " or illegal armed groups such as the military wing of Hizbullah " .
He added : " The government must now comply with its own arms export rules and institute an immediate suspension of all UK arms exports to Israel . "
Licences approved for Israel last year included components for combat helicopters , aircraft radars , air - to - surface missiles and airborne electronic warfare equipment .
Special licences were also approved for the sale to Israel of components for military training aircraft , naval radars , naval communications equipment , and optical sensors for unmanned air vehicles .
These do not include components made by British companies in US Apache helicopters and F - 16 bombers sold to Israel .
The government provoked a storm of protest in 2002 by introducing new guidelines on the sale of military components .
It cleared the way for head - up display units ( HUDs , for presenting data without blocking view ) - made by BAE Systems , Britain 's largest arms company - to be sold to the US for use in F - 16 planes .
Ministers said the move was dictated by the interests of British arms companies .
British equipment used in American Apache helicopters supplied to Israel includes missile trigger systems .
Saferworld , an independent London - based thinktank campaigning against the arms trade said yesterday that the Foreign Office 's human rights report states : " The UK opposes the Israeli policy of targeted killings , which are illegal under international law " .
Paul Eavis , director of Saferworld , said yesterday : " The government must assert a coherent policy towards countries that display a disregard for human rights " .
Lebanon 's president accused Israel on Monday of using phosphorous bombs in its attacks , Reuters news agency reported from Paris .
" According to the Geneva Convention , when they use phosphorous bombs and laser bombs , is that allowed against civilians and children ? "
President Emile Lahoud asked on France 's RFI radio .
An Israeli military spokeswoman said : " Everything the Israeli defence forces are using is legitimate " .
