" Other people which are killing people on the streets in the villages of Afghanistan and have taken the whole effort of the international community and the hope of the Afghan people as hostage into their hands , there are calls for them to come and join us and we will bribe you and pay you . "
by Left Outside
David Cameron is walking a tight rope between shedding the “ nasty party ” image while still holding on to the nasty bastards who only vote Tory for that reason .
So it should n’t be too surprising that lovely wuverly fluffy compassionate Conservative David Cameron said something so boneheaded on burglary in the wake of the jailing and subsequent release of Munir Hussein .
The moment a burglar steps over your threshold , and invades your property , with all the threat that gives to you , your family and your livelihood , I think they leave their human rights outside
At the time Sunny argued that he thought the law stood fine as it was but sympathised with Conservative attempts to strengthen it in favour of householders who have their house broken into .
Ultimately he supported his friend ’s mantra ‘ If you do n’t want your ass kicked then do n’t break into my house . ’
Luckily for Mr Hundal , his friend and all of us there is no human right which prevents your arse getting kicked if you break into someone ’s house .
Now whether or not there is a human right to not be tortured is a not matter for debate .
The idea that you can forsake this right for entering someone ’s house is not on the table either .
We would in theory give legal privilege to the sort of vile crimes Claude described last week , and no civilised society should do that .
Human rights are not conditional and this is why your arse is not sacred and it is why talk of having them “ left outside ” is so ridiculous .
But bless those devoted Tweeters that try to stay on message – they only end up slipping to Reductio ad absurdum .
Perhaps it is cruel to focus on Nadine Dorries – perhaps she is a fish and the barrel is rational debate – but she is a well supported and popular MP and this is the shallow level on which she wants to discuss law and order .
How the Tories maintain their grip on that issue is beyond me .
GoldS Senior Guild Member
Join Date : 28th Dec , 2005 Posts : 513
AFH Presents : Jack - in - the - Box spading .
What ?
The jack - in - the - box is a familiar that was released when the Crimbo Tree activated .
It 's one of five items that can be obtained from the Crimbo Tree .
As a gift item , it can't be bought from the mall or flea market , though it can be procured through gift packages and kBay .
How does it work ?
The Jack - in - the - Box takes 3 combats to activate .
Note that you must finish and win the combat to make the Jack - in - the - Box charge up -- running away wo n't do anything .
The brass crank handle , its familiar equipment , is not required to charge it up .
On the third combat , fully cranked , the Jack - in - the - Box will reveal its sinister contents , a grim visage of a clown 's head swaying back and forth as though dancing to some horrific composition .
The Jack - in - the - Box has no effect on those turns it takes to charge up .
The third turn , however , is where things get interesting .
What does it do ?!
When the Jack - in - the - Box activates , it acts as a 2x Volleyball / Fairy .
And by 2x , I do n't mean 2 x weight .
I mean that it 's a 2 x power Volleyfairy .
The bonus is multiplied , not the familiar weight .
For example , say the Jack - in - the - Box is 55 pounds .
The item drop bonus for a 55 pound fairy is 107 % , so the Jack - in - the - Box would have an item drop bonus of 214 % .
Likewise , a 49 pound Jack - in - the - Box would give 14 substat when it activates .
So what is it good for ?
Well , I 'm no speed ascender , so I can't really make a verdict on whether or not it 's good in a run .
What I can say is that it 's excellent for getting Hobopolis / Mother Slime boss consumables .
Just charge it up for two turns prior , then let it open up and rake in the drops .
For Hobopolis , be aware that you wo n't be able to defeat all 6 of the bosses with the Jack - in - the - Box if you 're using the standard amount of +item buffs .
For instance , cyclops eyedrops only lasts 10 turns , meaning that even if you charged up the Jack - in - the - Box before using the eyedrops , you could only fight 4 of the bosses before running out of the buff .
With a Platinum Yendorian Express Card , you can extend your +item effects to be able to fight an extra boss , leaving 1 boss that you could n't use the Box for .
I 'm guessing Zombo ?
For Mother Slime there 's really nothing to worry about , so hooray for that .
And I guess it has some use for when you 're not farming .
Conclusion
Jack - in - the - Box acts as a 2 x power , not weight , Volleyfairy every third combat you use it in .
It only charges if you win the combat , so you can't use free runaways to charge it up .
Speed ascension relevant ?
I do n't know .
Aftercore relevant ?
Oh yes .
__________________
Last edited by GoldS ; Fri , Jan 22nd , 2010 at 07:16 PM .
President Nicolas Sarkozy has repeatedly cast himself as a defender of France 's cultural heritage from digital predators .
Last month , he pledged £ 700 million to digitise France 's national literary treasures and stop them falling into Google 's hands .
" We are not going to be stripped of our heritage for the benefit of a big company , no matter how friendly , big or American it is , " he said .
Well , thank goodness somebody 's finally broken through the bullshit and started speaking sense about this whole ' precious gift ' palaver .
Mere seconds after Tony Abbot thrilled virginal types nationwide by suggesting their chaste choices were the height of coolness and La Gillard bit accordingly ( get a room , you two ) , Liberal MP George ' stop me before I kill again ' Brandis cut to the core of the matter .
" Would someone please shut this barren heathen up before she drags us all down to her hideous amoral level ? " he seethed , or words to that effect , adding that J. Gillard should immediately cease and desist passing comment on anything related to : a. parenting and b. children , as she simply does not get it .
" I think Julia Gillard who is - has chosen not to be a parent - and , you know , everybody respects her right , in the vehemence of her reaction , in fact , shows that she just does n't understand the way parents think about their children when they reach a particular age , " was one particular point made , along with the fact that Gillard is " very much a one - dimensional person " .
Too true , Brandis .
You forgot to add " in my day , women knew their place " and " I SAW GOODY GILLARD WITH THE DEVIL " , but I 'm sure those particular press releases can be attended to in time .
Brandis was n't the only officious type wading in with huffs and puffs and red- faced unbridled indignation , either .
" Where was Julia Gillard 's moral outrage when Kevin Rudd ... visited a strip club , " shrieked Julie Bishop , perhaps forgetting in her confusion about which potential Liberal leader to buddy up to next , that Kevin Rudd never oiled his way through the pages of Women 's Weekly doling out parental advice on how much one should pay a lap - dancer for a private session .
Is that what everybody 's getting so wound up about ?
That politicians are forcefully shoving their half - baked morals in our direction ?
Or that only those who have " lived it " may dare pass comment ?
Do they not realise what a dangerous precedent they may be setting with such an insistence ?
Thankfully I was once the proud owner of a hymen ( low mileage , slightly shop - soiled , $ 530 ONO ) and thus can speak with grand and sweeping authority on the subject .
So too - to some degree - can teen author and liberal user of the somewhat revolting term " V - plates " Alexandra Adornetto , who set chastity belts a - flutter with her opinion piece in the weekend 's Age .
" Being a parent gives Tony Abbott a right to express his views publicly , " she states , possibly unaware of the contradictory nature of using such a sentence in her own op - ed column , before stating firmly : " My problem with casual , random sex is that while it might be physically pleasurable , it cannot possibly be meaningful or allow for personal growth " .
Dear Alexandra does seem to be somewhat of an authority on the subject of sex and how participating in the act will likely lead to some sort of mental breakdown considering the fact she 's never actually had any .
Should we disregard entirely her prim and piously judgemental musings due to her unexplored territories ?
Or should she too be free to wax lyrical about the subject as she sees fit ?
I lost my virginity ( I shall use that idiotic V plate term when you hold a gun to my head ) at a relatively young age to an absolutely wonderful boy with whom I was tempestuously and passionately involved .
I do n't regret a moment of it , nor do I feel in that submitting to a beautifully awkward and momentarily painful experience left me with nothing left to " give " a suitor ( limping along with merely a personality and mind to offer potential husbands , the shame of it ) .
Whether or not parents insist that their little ladies keep their virginities as a lovely gift - set to unveil before future grooms is something I 'm sure they 're able to figure out for themselves , though it 's nice to know Tony Abbott cares enough to spout forth .
I can't speak any further about the subject as I 'm not a parent and as George Brandis sensibly points out , nobody should pass opinion on anything ever unless they have hands - on experience and can prove it via depositions and authorised certificates .
Accordingly I look forward to his maintaining a dignified silence when it comes to matters of Indigenous affairs , refugees , the legalisation of drugs , and absolutely anything to do with vaginas unless he's got a secret hidden one he 's not telling us about .
Which means that political debates in future shall be between white , middle - class people who are mostly gentlemen representing the population and what they think about tax - payer funded junkets and the intricacies of Parliament House catering .
And I hope you all enjoy my future columns devoted to the topic of 33 - year - old women who write for The Drum .
Stop me if I get too one - dimensional .
WEST SACRAMENTO – After long days of representing Orange County residents at the state Capitol , Assemblyman Van Tran returns here , to a gated community where he lives with wife and kids in a 2,658 - square - foot house with two fireplaces and a three - car garage .
Tran ’s wife and two young children call this place home .
His wife has declared this her principal residence for tax purposes .
But this is n’t Tran ’s “ home . ”
State law says legislators legally reside wherever they ’re registered to vote , which in Tran ’s case is 418 miles south , at his parents ’ house in Westminster .
The law also says that if legislators live far away , they ’re entitled to a daily , tax - free allowance when they work at the Capitol .
These laws have enabled Tran to enjoy every aspect of home life while also collecting more than $ 137,000 in allowance for being away from home during the legislative session .
This is an unseen corner of legislative service , where overlapping laws allow savvy politicians to leverage their tax - free allowance to buy homes , secure tax deductions and sometimes pocket hundreds of thousands of dollars in profit .
This legal patchwork has created a benefit legislators in other states rarely see and blurred the lines between allowance and income .
( Click here to see how the process worked . )
While most state lawmakers use their allowance to rent a place in the Sacramento area , an Orange County Register review of land records , financial statements and tax records found :
• Lawmakers , like former Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez , who declared their homes in Sacramento as their principal place of residence on tax records and then collected tax - free allowance to cover their living expenses at the state Capitol as if they were away from home ;
• Lawmakers like Orange County ’s Jose Solorio and Tom Harman , who used their allowance to help pay for second homes and then used those homes to secure additional income tax deductions ; and
• Lawmakers who sunk their per diem into Sacramento homes and then resold them for six - figure profits when they were termed out of the Legislature .
And they all appear to have done so legally .
“ This is a state where its own financial house and its broader economy is in disarray and yet there ’s still a major financial advantage and loopholes to politicians wily enough to take them , ” said Doug Heller , executive director of Consumer Watchdog , an observer of California government .
“ It should shake any taxpayer to see their lawmakers work so many angles to get rich off their public service . ”
Lawmakers say they ’re just following the rules made for them .
They acknowledge their untaxed allowance may appear lavish , but they insist it ’s really just a modest necessity – even when much of their lives are now based in Sacramento .
“ You still have financial commitments for two homes , ” said Tran , a Republican now seeking a seat in Congress .
Some lawmakers say they bought homes in Sacramento simply because they did n’t want to waste the money on a rental .
Others acknowledge they bought as an investment .
Several admit it ’s made them richer .
But lawmakers deny the system has been stacked in their favor and say whatever benefits they receive are comparable to those in the private sector .
They say they ’re just trying to be smart with their money .
“ But see , that ’s the point .
It ’s not their money .
It ’s the taxpayer ’s money , ” countered Dawn Wildman , co-coordinator of the California Tea Party Patriots .
“ I understand that this is legal .
That does n’t make it right . ”
DAY BY DAY
California began covering the living expenses for state lawmakers in 1850 , the year it became a state .
The idea is to make serving in the Legislature affordable .
The allowance is intended to cover the costs of maintaining a second home near the Capitol .
By the mid-1970s , however , questions arose at the federal level over how these payments should be handled .
The Internal Revenue Code allows deductions for expenses incurred while traveling away from home on business .
But for a state lawmaker who maintains two homes and conducts business in both the district he represents and at the state capitol , what constitutes being away from home on business ?
The solution was a special provision inserted into the federal tax code .
It allows state legislators in any state to choose which home is their primary place of business .
If they choose their district , and their district is n’t located near the state capitol , they may receive a tax - free allowance for living expenses for every day of legislative work .
The allowance is known as a per diem , Latin for “ per day . ”
( Click here to see the ins and outs of legislative per diem . )
Today , California state lawmakers receive a per diem of $ 141.86 per day , which ranks near the top among states .
Alaska state lawmakers are eligible for $ 189 a day .
Tennessee lawmakers , $ 185 .
Georgia , $ 173 .
Pennsylvania , $ 154 .
But what makes our lawmakers unique is the number of billable days they rack up .
Alaska had 90 in 2009 .
Georgia , 40 .
Tennesse , 45 .
Pennsylvania , about 100 .
Many California lawmakers were eligible for more than 200 days of per diem in 2009 and many netted more than $ 37,000 in tax - free money last year , when the per diem was as high as $ 173 per day .
All told , the state spent more than $ 4 million on legislative per diem in 2009 .
And that ’s on top of state lawmaker ’s annual salaries , which were cut from $ 116,208 annually to $ 95,291 in December .
The unusual combination of high per diem and a large number of billable days has made investing in Sacramento ’s real estate market nearly irresistible for California ’s legislators .
Until recently , it ’s been highly profitable .
SELLING AT A PROFIT
Once the owner of several car dealerships , Orange County ’s John Campbell already was a rich man when he joined the State Assembly in 2000 .
So it should come as no surprise that Campbell was smart about choosing where to spend his per diem .
Four months after winning the GOP primary , and still four months before he would win the general election in his overwhelmingly Republican district , Campbell purchased a new home off of a lake in the north part of Sacramento .
He apparently paid for the $ 300,000 home in cash .
No mortgage was recorded .
Campbell went on to serve four years in the Assembly and one year in the State Senate before joining Congress in late 2005 .
Over those five years he collected $ 132,930 in tax - free per diem .
Two days after being elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , he sold his Sacramento home for $ 665,000 .
Assuming his entire per diem was applied to the cost of the home , Campbell appears to have invested only $ 167,070 of his own money into the house .
His profit off of its resale : $ 497,930 .
Campbell ’s office did not respond to requests for comment .
“ You almost want to applaud them for their wise use of the per diem , ” said Jon Coupal , president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association , who defended Campbell ’s transaction as prudent investing .
But not all see it that way .
“ Clearly this is an abuse of the system , ” said Kathay Feng , executive director of California Common Cause , an advocate for government reform .
“ It really runs counter to what they should use per diem for .
The hypocrisy , particularly from a Republican , is troubling . ”
Then again , plenty of Democrats have done the same thing .
• Former Sen. Sheila Kuehl , a Santa Monica Democrat , collected $ 238,623 in tax - free money from 2000 to 2008 and spent it on a $ 180,000 house in Sacramento .
Just days after terming out , she sold the house for $ 299,000 .
• Former Democratic Assemblywoman Jackie Goldberg of Los Angeles received $ 170,397 in tax - free per diem during her time in the Legislature .
She spent it on a $ 121,000 house she later resold at $ 290,000 .
• Tracy Democrat Barbara Matthews took $ 143,983 in tax - free per diem during the five years in the Assembly after she bought a house in Sacramento for $ 190,000 .
She sold it after she was termed out for $ 340,000 .
Matthews said she bought her small house in a leafy East Sacramento neighborhood not because she wanted to invest , but simply because she wanted some privacy when she got home from a long day at the Capitol .
A little more than five years later , when her term was up and it was time to leave , Matthews sold to another lawmaker , Assemblywoman Anna Caballero .
But Matthews said she never actually thought about leveraging her per diem to make money in real estate .
It just worked out that way .
“ I just got lucky , ” she said .
“ Sometimes being lucky is better than being good . ”
In recent times , however , not all lawmakers have fared so well .
In 2008 , former Assemblywoman and current U.S. Rep. Laura Richardson , D - Long Beach , made headlines for defaulting on her home in Sacramento .
Richardson ’s home was foreclosed on and sold , although subsequently the lender rescinded the sale and gave it back to her .
A House ethics committee is now investigating how she got her house back .
In November , a default notice was filed again at the Sacramento County Recorder .
The congresswoman ’s aides insisted in interviews that the default has been cured .
Meanwhile , at least two other former Assembly members have had similar problems .
Both Mervyn Dymally , a Democrat from Compton , and Ed Chavez , a Democrat from La Puente , lost their Sacramento homes to foreclosure in 2009 .
Chavez did n’t return calls to the Register , but Dymally said he was a victim of the “ whole Wall Street ( real estate ) scam . ”
TAX RELIEF , TIMES TWO
Public records and legislative records indicate at least about 30 current lawmakers own homes in the Sacramento area and received a tax - free per diem in 2009 .
And while their property values might not be skyrocketing at the moment , there are other benefits to taxpayer - subsidized homeownership .
Homeowners gain the highest and most valuable tax deductions from their primary home .
But tax laws also offer deductions for second homes as well .
Under federal tax laws , you can deduct the property taxes of your second home as well the home mortgage interest , provided the combined mortgage of both your first and second home is n’t more than $ 1 million .
Depending on your tax bracket , that can translate into some significant savings .
Whether all of the lawmakers who own homes in Sacramento seek a tax deduction is unknown because individual income tax records are confidential .
But four current lawmakers , and one former one , freely admit to obtaining a deduction on their Sacramento homes .
Assemblymen Jose Solorio , D - Santa Ana , and Cameron Smyth , R - Santa Clarita ; Sens.
Tom Harman , R- Huntington Beach , and Bob Huff , R - Diamond Bar ; and former Senate Republican Leader Dick Ackerman of Irvine all said they write off part of their home expenses in Sacramento .
Five tax experts consulted by the Register said it ’s legal to seek a tax deduction for home costs paid with tax - free money .
“ I ca n’t seem to find anything illegal about what they ’re doing , ” said Tampa , Fla. tax attorney Darrin T. Mish in an email .
“ I think that given the economic condition of California and of the US that it cuts against the spirit of the law for lawmakers to be personally enriching themselves using the benefits of elected office .
But again I ca n’t seem to find anything illegal about the situation . ”
Home away from home
Tax experts also told the Register that it ’s legal for lawmakers to receive tax - free per diem for their work in Sacramento even if they ’ve declared their Sacramento home as their principal residence .
In fact , they may claim per diem even if the only house they own is in Sacramento .
This loophole comes courtesy of overlapping federal and state tax laws , and state election laws , all of which have slightly different definitions of home .
State elections laws presume that the home of legislators is wherever that person is registered to vote .
Federal tax laws , on the other hand , say that in order for legislators to receive a tax - free per diem they must declare their home in their district as their “ tax home , ” which the IRS defines as your primary place of business , regardless of where you maintain your family home .
Meanwhile , state tax laws allow California residents to receive a “ homeowner ’s tax exemption , ” otherwise known as a “ homestead exemption , ” for one home they designate as their “ principal place of residence . ”
Tax home and principal residence may sound like the same thing , but for legal purposes they ’re different – and different from where you ’re registered to vote .
That ’s how former Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez , a Democrat from Los Angeles , was able to declare his Sacramento home as his principal place of residence and still receive per diem for being away from his home in Los Angeles .
When he was working in Sacramento , Nunez lived in a $ 1.25 million home he still owns with his wife .
When he was in Los Angeles , he shared a rented penthouse with his fundraiser , Dan Weitzman .
Nunez received the annual $ 7,000 homeowner ’s tax exemption on his Sacramento house , because he declared that as his principal place of residence .
At the same time , Nunez collected per diem for being away from home while working in Sacramento .
He pocketed more than $ 68,800 in per diem tax free .
The Register also found that former Orange County lawmaker and current California Fair Political Practices Commission Chairman Ross Johnson collected tax - free per diem and took the tax exemption on his Sacramento home while serving in the State Assembly .
Johnson declared his home in the suburb of Gold River as his principal residence for six years , from fiscal year 1988 - 89 to 1993 - 94 .
During that time , Johnson said that was the only home he owned , although he said he continued to rent in Orange County , which he considered his home .
After that period , Johnson said , he bought a condo in Orange County , which he declared as his principal residence .
In 2005 - 06 , after Johnson had retired from the Legislature , he once again declared the Gold River as his principal residence .
For Nunez and Johnson , per diem acted less like an allowance and more like untaxed income .
But like the other examples , it was legal .
Register staff writer Ronald Campbell contributed to his report .
Contact the writer : 916-449-6046 or bjoseph@ocregister.com
In Go , channels have a fixed length buffer .
Sometimes it is useful to add a buffer of unlimited length to a channel ( here is an example ) .
The first question is what the interface should look like .
I can think of three immediate possibilities ( assume T is an arbitrary type – if Go had generics , this would be a generic function ) :
Given a channel , make sure that no writes to that channel will
block , and return a channel from which the buffered values can be read :
func Buffer ( in <- chan T ) <- chan T
Given a channel , return a channel that will buffer writes
to that channel :
func Buffer ( out chan<- T ) chan <-
T
Given two channels , connect them via a buffering process :
func Buffer ( in <- chan T , out chan<- T )
Of these possibilities , on balance I think I prefer the second , as no operations will be performed on the original channel except when a value is written on the returned channel .
I ’d be interested in hearing arguments for or against the other possibilities .
Here is one simple , and relatively slow implementation .
It uses the doubly - linked list implementation from the Go library .
I timed it at 2076ns per item transferred on my machine .
Note the code that runs before the select statement each time through the loop , which works out whether we want to be sending a value , and when it is time to finish .
This relies on the fact that in a Go select statement , operations on nil channels are ignored .
import " container / list " func BufferList ( out chan <- T ) chan <- T { in := make ( chan T , 100 ) go func ( ) { var buf = list .
New ( ) for { outc := out var v T n := buf .
Len ( ) if n == 0 { // buffer empty : do n't try to send on output if in == nil { close ( out ) return } outc = nil }else{ v = buf .
Front ( ) .
Value .( T ) } select { case e := <- in : if closed ( in ) { in = nil } else { buf .
PushBack (e ) } case outc <- v : buf.Remove( buf.Front ( ) ) } } } ( ) return in }
The above implementation allocates a new linked list item for every value transferred .
Here ’s an alternative implementation that uses an array as a circular buffer , amortising allocations over time by doubling the size of the buffer when it overflows , and shrinking it when there is too much space .
Although the basic structure is similar , the code is more complex , and the time saving is modest – I timed it at 1729ns per item transferred , an improvement of 17 % .
Removing the code to shrink the buffer does not make it significantly faster .
func BufferRing
Orig ( out chan<- T ) chan <- T { in := make ( chan T , 100 ) go func ( ) { var zero T var buf = make ( [ ] T , 10 ) var i = 0 // location of first value in buffer .
var n = 0 // number of items in buffer .
for { outc := out switch { case n == 0 : // buffer empty : do n't try to send on output if in == nil { close ( out ) return } outc = nil case n == len ( buf ) : // buffer full : expand it b := make ( [ ] T , n * 2 ) copy ( b , buf [ i : ] ) copy ( b[ n - i :] , buf [ 0:i ] ) i = 0 buf = b case len( buf ) > 128 && n* 3 < len ( buf ) : // buffer too big , shrink it b := make ( [ ] T , len ( buf ) / 2 ) j := i + n if j > len ( buf ) { // wrap around k := j - len( buf ) j = len( buf ) copy ( b , buf [ i:j ] ) copy ( b[j - i : ] , buf [ 0 : k ] ) }else{ // contiguous copy( b , buf [ i:j ] ) } i = 0 buf = b } select { case e := <- in : if closed ( in ) { in = nil } else { j := i + n if j >= len( buf ) { j -= len( buf ) } buf[j ] = e n++ } case outc <- buf [i ] : buf [i ] = zero if i++ ; i == len ( buf ) { i = 0 } n-- } } }( ) return in }
I wondered if the unnecessary tests before the select statement were making any significant difference to the time taken .
Although it makes it easy to preserve the invariants , there is no need to test whether the buffer is empty when a value has just been placed in it , for example .
Here is a version that only does the tests when necessary .
Interestingly , this change actually made the code run marginally slower ( 1704ns per item )
func BufferRing ( out chan<- T ) chan <- T { in := make ( chan T , 100 ) go func ( ) { var zero T var buf = make ( [ ] T , 10 ) var i = 0 // location of first value in buffer .
var n = 0 // number of items in buffer .
var outc chan <- T for { select { case e := <- in : if closed ( in ) { in = nil if n == 0 { close ( out ) return } } else { j := i + n if j >= len( buf ) { j -= len( buf ) } buf[j ] = e n++ if n == len ( buf ) { // buffer full : expand it b := make ( [ ] T , n * 2 ) copy ( b , buf [ i : ] ) copy ( b[ n - i :] , buf [ 0:i ] ) i = 0 buf = b } outc = out } case outc <- buf [i ] : buf [i ] = zero if i++ ; i == len ( buf ) { i = 0 } n-- if n == 0 { // buffer empty : do n't try to send on output if in == nil { close ( out ) return } outc = nil } if len( buf ) > 128 && n* 3 < len ( buf ) { // buffer too big , shrink it b := make ( [ ] T , len ( buf ) / 2 ) j := i + n if j > len ( buf ) { // wrap around k := j - len( buf ) j = len( buf ) copy ( b , buf [ i:j ] ) copy ( b[j - i : ] , buf [ 0 : k ] ) }else{ // contiguous copy( b , buf [ i:j ] ) } i = 0 buf = b } } } }( ) return in }
Although the speed improvement from the above piece of code was disappointing , the change paves the way for a change that really does make a difference .
A select statement in Go is significantly more costly than a regular channel operation .
In the code below , we loop receiving or sending values as long as we can do so without blocking .
Here ’s a version of the list - based code that does this .
I measured it at 752ns per item , an improvement of 63 % over the original , or 2.7 x faster .
func BufferListCont ( out chan<- T ) chan <- T { in := make ( chan T , 100 ) go func ( ) { var buf = list .
New ( ) var outc chan <- T var v T for { select { case e := <- in : if buf .
Len ( ) == 0 && ! closed ( in ) { outc = out v = e } for { if closed ( in ) { in = nil if buf .
Len ( ) == 0 { close ( out ) return } break } buf .
PushBack (e ) var ok bool if e , ok = <- in ; !ok { break } } case outc <- v : for { buf.
Remove ( buf. Front ( ) ) if buf .
Len ( ) == 0 { // buffer empty : do n't try to send on output if in == nil { close ( out ) return } outc = nil break } v = buf .
Front ( ) .
Value .
( T ) if ok := outc <- v ; !ok { break } } } } } ( ) return in }
One objection to the above code is that in theory if there was a fast enough producer on another processor , the buffer process could spend forever feeding values into the buffer , without ever trying to write them out .
Although I believe that in practice the risk is negligible , it ’s easy to guard against anyway , by only adding a fixed maximum number of values before returning to the select statement .
Here ’s my final implementation , using the looping technique and with the guard added in .
I timed it at 427ns per item transferred , an improvement of 79 % over the original version , or almost 5 x faster .
Using a buffered channel directly is only 2.4 x faster than this .
func BufferRingContCheck ( out chan<- T ) chan <- T { in := make ( chan T , 100 ) go func ( ) { var zero T var buf = make ( [ ] T , 10 ) var i = 0 // location of first value in buffer .
var n = 0 // number of items in buffer .
var outc chan <- T for { select { case e := <- in : for added := 0 ; added < 1000 ; added ++ { if closed ( in ) { in = nil if n == 0 { close ( out ) return } break } j := i + n if j >= len( buf ) { j -= len( buf ) } buf[j ] = e n++ outc = out // enable output if n == len ( buf ) { // buffer full : expand it b := make ( [ ] T , n * 2 ) copy ( b , buf [ i : ] ) copy ( b[ n - i :] , buf [ 0:i ] ) i = 0 buf = b } var ok bool if e , ok = <- in ; !ok { break } } case outc <- buf [i ] : for { buf [ i ] = zero if i++ ; i == len ( buf ) { i = 0 } n-- if n == 0 { // buffer empty : do n't try to send on output if in == nil { close ( out ) return } outc = nil break } if len( buf ) > 128 && n* 3 < len ( buf ) { // buffer too big , shrink it b := make ( [ ] T , len ( buf ) / 2 ) j := i + n if j > len ( buf ) { // wrap around k := j - len( buf ) j = len( buf ) copy ( b , buf [ i:j ] ) copy ( b[j - i : ] , buf [ 0 : k ] ) }else{ // contiguous copy( b , buf [ i:j ] ) } i = 0 buf = b } if ok := outc <- buf[i ] ; !ok { break } } } } } ( ) return in }
Obviously the final code is significantly bigger and more complex than the original .
Which implementation should we choose ?
Lacking generics , this code cannot usefully be put into a library , as most channels are not of type chan interface{} .
Given this , in most instances , perhaps the first version is to be preferred , as it ’s smaller to cut and paste , and easier to understand .
In cases where performance is crucial , the final version can easily be substituted .
Perhaps there ’s another faster technique that I have n’t found yet .
I ’d be interested to hear any ideas on the matter .
The code with all the tests and benchmarks can be found here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I had n't even realized how good it would feel .
Over the last year , I knew in my heart , that I had to get out .
I saw , along with millions and millions of my fellow Americans , that my long gone community bank was n't the only one being swallowed up .
Our entire economy was being digested by the big , greedy , reckless behemoths that could care less about me or any of us .
With only four banks holding nearly 40 % of all deposits , we learned the hard way just what " too big to fail " really means .
It means to save our own necks , we had to rescue the monsters , or to carry on the first metaphor , our abusers .
Now we are seeing just how incorrigible they are .
Often in abusive relationships , the perpetrator cries and begs forgiveness and promises never to do it again .
We did n't even get that .
No sooner did they get our money , they doled it out it in huge chunks to their unrepentant co-abusers , leaving us doing the begging for forgiveness for our late mortgage payments and crying for a loan to keep our businesses afloat .
What are we , chumps ?
Enablers ?
The House of Representatives and the White House got the message .
We in the House passed a bill to force them to change the worst of their ways , and now the Senate needs to follow suit .
This week the President got really tough with Wall Street , demanding our bailout money back , proposing to restrict the size and scope of banks , and reviving the depression - era act ( Glass - Steagall ) that prevented banks from engaging in reckless speculation .
Rep. Peter Welch Peter Francis WelchShakespeare
Theatre Company goes virtual for ' Will on the Hill ... or Wo n't They ? '
Vermont Rep. Peter Welch easily wins primary Vermont has a chance to show how bipartisanship can tackle systemic racism MORE ( D - Vermont ) introduced a bill to levy a 50 % tax on the big bonuses , and I jumped right on it .
On my journey to a healthy banking relationship , I want to thank Arianna Huffington for leading the way and Bill Maher for properly naming the ugly situation I was in .
You can check them both out at the Huffington Post and at MoveYourMoney .
info , where you can find a solid and solvent community bank near you .
If I can do this , so can you !
Cross-posted from The Huffington Post .
Hulett's
Money - Back Guarantee !
Your satisfaction is our top priority and we pledge to swiftly and effectively resolve any concerns you may have at no additional charge .
This steadfast commitment to customer satisfaction has been our guiding principle for three generations as set forth by Graduate , Entomologist Timothy Hulett , who remains President and CEO today .
Hulett understands that when you need us , you need us right away !
We pledge to respond within 24 hours or less if a pest problem should occur .
Your property and lawn will be protected from pests and termites 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
Paws in the air , this is a stick - up !
A Park Slope pooch was left shivering in the buff after a coldhearted mugger stole his coat just days before a raging winter storm bore down on the city .
Donna McPherson , 42 , says she tied up Lexie , her 10 - year - old Westie , in front of Ace Supermarket “ for two minutes ” so she could buy milk .
When she returned , his $ 25 green wool coat with leather trim and belt was gone .
Fortunately , she said , Lexie was n’t wearing his pricier Burberry .
“ How could anyone steal a coat off someone ’s back in the freezing cold ? ” McPherson railed to The Post .
“ I asked him , ‘ Where ’s your coat ? ’ like he could answer me .
I looked all over and could not find it . ”
McPherson , an investment banker , canvassed the neighborhood in search of clues .
She assumed police would not take her seriously so she wrote about it on the blog Effed in Park Slope .
She normally does n’t leave Lexie outside stores , but thought it would be a quick stop .
As she paid for the milk , she remembers hearing a “ funny bark . ”
“ I stuck my head out and everything was OK — he was just looking at me , ” she said .
“ I was so angry , but in the end I was grateful that it was just the coat and not him . ”
McPherson said she knew she had to find a way to make it up to the traumatized Lexie .
“ I felt so bad , I bought him two new coats , ” she said .
She still hopes to collar the crook .
“ I walked around Park Slope sort of to see if I could see anyone with the coat and I did n’t .
It ’s totally bizarre , ” she said .
At Ace Supermarket on Seventh Avenue and Berkeley Place , employees insisted the neighborhood is normally safe for all mutts .
“ This is highly unusual for the area , ” said one .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
NEW YORK --
The NFL hopes to start testing players for human growth hormone , and Major League Baseball has started talks with its union to investigate the test that led to the suspension of a British rugby player .
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said Wednesday that the league had made a proposal to its players in January regarding HGH .
Discussions are ongoing , he said .
" Our position is that HGH testing has advanced to the point where we are taking steps to incorporate it into our program , " Aiello said .
" We have proposed it to the union . "
The NFLPA 's player development director , Stacy Robinson , said in a statement that the union " has supported research to find a suitable test that will detect sustained HGH use . "
" We believe in and collectively bargained for a system that supports the testing of all banned substances , " he said .
The NFL has used preseason blood tests since at least 2006 for cholesterol and tryglycerates .
In the beginning of January , an NFL management source told ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen that the league 's position on blood testing -- via a " pin prick to the finger " -- would be pushed only if scientific labs create a successful test for HGH .
Baseball has had urine testing since 2003 but not blood testing .
" We have previously said that if a scientifically validated blood test for HGH is available , we would consider its utilization , " new baseball players ' association head Michael Weiner said .
" But a single uncontested positive does not scientifically validate a test .
There remains debate in the testing community about the scientific validity of this test . "
The NBA currently uses urine tests for HGH , which is banned on the league 's list of prohibited substances .
" We have been and will continue to monitor advances in the testing for HGH for potential inclusion in our program at an appropriate time , " league spokesman Tim Frank said .
The issue of HGH testing has gained renewed interest in the wake of the United Kingdom Anti-Doping authority announcing a two - year ban Monday for rugby player Terry Newton , saying he had tested positive and become the first athlete suspended for using HGH .
The substance is believed by some to hasten healing but there is still a debate over whether it increases strength .
A blood test for HGH has been in existence since the 2004 Athens Olympics and available in the U.S. since 2008 , according to United States Anti-Doping Agency executive director Travis Tygart .
Tygart said the test was available to professional leagues , but only through World Anti-Doping Agency labs .
" It 's one that 's been well - vetted , well - discussed , " he said by telephone from London .
" Further research has been done to get it to a point where it 's scientifically valid , and we 're happy to help any entity that 's interested in having an effective test , whether we 're involved with their program or not , getting them comfortable with the validity of the science . "
The NFL and NFLPA can change the terms of the collectively bargained steroids - testing program without a new labor contract .
But the union is balking .
" At this point , there 's no reason to believe that blood - testing for NFL players will or should be implemented , " George Atallah , union assistant executive director of external affairs , told The New York Post .
" We should instead focus on preserving the drug - testing policy that we have in place . "
While MLB can institute blood tests for players on minor league rosters , it must reach an agreement with the players ' association to start blood testing for unionized players on 40 - man big league rosters .
" We are well aware of the important news with respect to the HGH blood test in England , " Major League Baseball said in a statement .
" We are consulting with our experts concerning immediate steps for our minor league drug program and next steps for our major league drug program .
The commissioner remains committed to the position that we must act aggressively to deal with the issue of HGH . "
Tygart said the window for detecting HGH through the test is three days at the most , making it most useful for out - of - competition testing .
According to Weiner , it may be even shorter .
" Even those who vouch for the science behind the test acknowledge that it can detect use only for a day or so prior to collection , " he said .
Baseball began random urine testing for players on minor league rosters in 2001 and reached an agreement the following year to start testing unionized major leaguers .
" I 'd prefer urine testing .
It 's easier , especially for people who are afraid of needles , " said infielder Josh Vitters , the Chicago Cubs ' top draft pick in 2007 .
Outfielder Brett Jackson , Chicago's No. 1 pick last year , understands why the minor leaguers might get tested first .
" We 're guinea pigs for almost everything else , " he said , " so why not ? "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
by the Tasmanian National - Anarchists
The recent revelations demolishing the consensus on ‘ manmade global warming ’ have done immense damage to the cause of ecology .
These scandals are a direct result of the hijacking of the environmental movement by the extreme Left ( and please note , by ‘ Left ’ we refer exclusively to the globalist Left , not the old fashioned left which just wanted a fair go for the worker ) .
The Left hitched its wagon to the ‘ manmade warming ’ theory because it appeared to give them a perfect excuse to bring about their cherished aim of global governance .
As a result , ecology has been reduced to a matter of ‘ carbon emissions ’ .
But now even Phil Jones , the top level scientist who advised the UN on climate matters , has gone on record admitting there has been no warming in the last fifteen years :
http://www.nationalpost.com/opinion/columnists/story.html?id=9ed4f421-6134-4484-98be-d9f4f18d4a9c
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1250872/Climategate-U-turn-Astonishment-scientist-centre-global-warming-email-row-admits-data-organised.html
Meanwhile , in Germany , the Greens Party seems to have abandoned its concern for the natural world , instead focussing its attention on politically correct enterprises like supporting the bombing of Belgrade ( all those Serbs had to be killed for ‘ humanitarian ’ reasons , according to German Green leaders ) .
The green movement , which started with noble intentions , has clearly been subverted from within by globalists .
It is now time for genuine environmentalists to examine where their movement is headed , and to assess how much damage has been done by these Leftist infiltrators .
In our view , the hijacking of the ecology movement by the Left has done massive amounts of damage , not only in terms of the reduction of ecology to phony statements about ‘ carbon emissions ’ , but also by alienating the common folk from the movement by hitching environmentalism to currents which most people do n’t agree with ( e.g. ‘ progressivist ’ causes , and increased statism ) .
Strength and Beauty
The truth is , we need wilderness areas not because they function as utilitarian ‘ carbon sinks ’ ( a disgusting term ) but because they enable us to transcend the mundane .
We need a non -human world of beauty and terror for warriors and dreamers to lose themselves in .
Environmental aesthetics should n’t just extend to wilderness areas , however .
They are equally important in the human environment .
Towns and villages , too , are ecosystems , with both human and natural elements .
Ecology means opposing the sterile , cosmopolitan ugliness of our modern cities , and replacing this with meaningful and beautiful folkish architecture which is unique to each place , thereby rejecting the internationalism which makes London look like Sydney look like Paris look like Madrid .
It also means destroying corporate advertising billboards .
Famed Tasmanian wilderness photographer Olegas Truchanas once asked : “ Is there any reason why the idea of beauty could not become part of government policy ? ”
Unfortunately this can never happen under the current liberal system , because liberalism regards the idea of ‘ beauty ’ as deeply suspect , perhaps even as ‘ fascist ’ .
The Many - Too - Many
Most of our environmental problems stem , directly or indirectly , from the one cause : overpopulation .
Overpopulation is not merely a threat to quality of life , either – it also exacerbates the danger of global tyranny by promoting large scale societies , more easily brought under control by a centralised world government .
Although population levels in the Western world are starting to decline , in the so - called ‘ Third World ’ they are booming .
Perhaps the best way to combat overpopulation is by supporting movements to promote birth control in the Third World .
But quantity is n’t the only concern .
Quality is just as important , and humans in the West are becoming more stupid and slovenly with each generation .
Television and the liberal education system are dumbing down the populace like never before .
Guillaume Faye observed that “ the technocratic civilisation operates an intense selective pressure in favour of human types who are oriented towards such dispositions as economic aggression , submission to doctrine , devotion to certain norms of physical comfort and so forth .
Such a pressure is genetically deleterious . ”
So how can we reverse this genetic , mental and spiritual decline , without the use of governments or coercion ?
Only through a new spirituality …
‘ Let us be wild !
Let us be pagans !’
Paganism needs to be reclaimed from the Wiccan stereotypes ( Wicca is n’t paganism , it ’s a feminised version of Judeo - Christianity with a Goddess instead of a God ) .
Real paganism is folkish , and folkish spirituality goes hand in hand with environmentalism .
Preserving the health of the folk is just as important as preserving the health of the ecosystem .
Environmentalism was created in Europe in the 19th century , not by globalists or communists , but by FOLKISH NATIONALISTS .
Many of these early environmentalists supported the Nation State , but in our own time nationalists should directly oppose the State , because the State ( acting as an arm of globalism ) is crushing regional identities all over the world .
To be a nationalist today means supporting the struggle of ALL tribes and nations to maintain their identity in the face of globalist monoculture .
Gerhard Petak from the band Allerseelen wrote : “ Folkish is today a dangerous word .
Like the words home , roots , loyalty it is situated in the cross wires of an omnipresent brainwashing .
Those who use this word are pushed close to the Third Reich .
But the foreign policy of the Third Reich was not folkish at all .
The principle that the peoples were different , but equal of birth , was not taken into consideration . ”
Petak also believes that scientific developments and technology cannot be undone , for better or worse .
It may be possible for some individuals to lead a luddite lifestyle , but technology itself can never be abolished .
Instead , it must be transcended :
“ Tradition and future , spirituality and technology , wisdom and science , mythos and logos have to meet without fighting , destroying each other .
That is the difficulty , the art of alchemy .
A green paganism has to be conservative avant garde , in some areas conservative , in others revolutionary . ”
Which way forward ?
Greens must begin by rejecting their support for open borders immigration , which only benefits the capitalists they claim to oppose .
The fact that so many greens sympathise with the Left is remarkable , given the bad track record of Communist regimes towards the environment .
Ecologists also need to adopt a more warrior outlook – that is the only way they will ever get respect from the public .
Steve Irwin had a warrior demeanour and was greatly respected , even by those who hate ‘ greenies ’ and ‘ ferals ’ .
Germaine Greer , on the other hand , attacked Irwin after his death ( for this very trait ) but is not well loved .
Ironically ( given Greer ’s feminist views ) , more women would sympathise with Steve Irwin than they would with her .
Joe Sixpack has come to see the green movement as the provenance of dreadlocked , arrogant communists .
To counter this , the green movement as a whole must cut its ties to the Left , and instead forge ties with national revolutionary groups who believe in genuine self - sufficiency .
It must also attempt to build better ties with ordinary people .
The creation of smaller groups of activists and thinkers , people who are already on equal terms , is probably the best way to go ( to avoid the ego clashes and ‘ messiah complexes ’ so common in politics ) .
Large movements are open to Leftist or government infiltration .
Think small .
And finally , while the green movement ’s rejection of modern society is understandable ( given how shallow that society is in many regards ) , greens must not be blinded to human potential .
Man and nature have their own spheres , but they are n’t rigidly separate .
The spheres are interlinked materially through the common biosphere , and culturally through the inspiration wild nature has always provided for artists , poets and philosophers .
We owe nature a duty of care first and foremost because we owe ourselves a duty of care .
Heidegger wrote that the role of mankind is “ to enable the earth to bring forth a world . ”
That is the eternal Faustian quest which Western man must engage with , or die .
The only alternative is the triumph of materialism .
In other words : the triumph of the Left .
Muammar Gaddafi has reportedly been blacklisted by Switzerland
Libya 's Muammar Gaddafi has called for a jihad , or holy war , against Switzerland , as an ongoing diplomatic row between the two nations heats up .
He criticised a recent Swiss vote against the building of minarets and said Muslims must boycott the country .
There have been tensions between the nations since 2008 , when one of Mr Gaddafi 's sons was arrested in Geneva , accused of assaulting two servants .
A Swiss foreign ministry spokesman declined to comment on the jihad call .
The Libyan leader made his comments while speaking at a meeting to mark the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad .
" Let us wage jihad against Switzerland , Zionism and foreign aggression , " he said .
" Any Muslim in any part of the world who works with Switzerland is an apostate , is against Muhammad , God and the Koran . "
In a referendum last November , 57.5 % of Swiss voters approved a constitutional ban on the building of minarets .
An appeal against the ban has been submitted to the European Court of Human Rights .
Charges dropped
Earlier this month , Libya stopped issuing visas to citizens from many European nations , prompting condemnation from the European Commission .
Hannibal Gaddafi's arrest in 2008 sparked the diplomatic spat
Libya 's move came after Switzerland allegedly blacklisted 188 high - ranking Libyans , denying them entry permits .
The Swiss ban is said to include Mr Gaddafi and his family .
The row began after the arrest of Mr Gaddafi 's son Hannibal and his wife , Aline Skaf , in Geneva in July 2008 .
They were accused of assaulting two servants while staying at a luxury hotel in the Swiss city , though the charges were later dropped .
Libya retaliated by cancelling oil supplies , withdrawing billions of dollars from Swiss banks , refusing visas to Swiss citizens and recalling some of its diplomats .
In the same month that the Gaddafis were arrested , Libyan authorities detained two Swiss businessmen , in what analysts believe was a retaliatory move .
One was finally allowed to leave the country earlier this week but the second was transferred to jail , where he faces a four - month term on immigration offences .
A Case Study of the Rustock Rootkit and Spam Bot
Ken Chiang , Levi Lloyd
Sandia National Laboratories
Livermore , CA 94550
kchiang@sandia.gov llloyd@sandia.gov
Abstract :
In this paper we present a case study of the steps leading up to the extraction of the spam bot payload found within a backdoor rootkit known as Backdoor .
Rustock . B or Spam - Mailbot.c .
Following the extraction of the spam module we focus our analysis on the steps necessary to decrypt the communications between the command and control server and infected hosts .
Part of the discussion involves a method to extract the encryption key from within the malware binary and use that to decrypt the communications .
The result is a better understanding of an advanced botnet communications scheme .
In this analysis we examine a backdoor rootkit known as Backdoor .
Rustock . B [ 7 ] or Spam - Mailbot.c [ 8 ] but hereafter referred to simply as rustock .
While work has been done to deobfuscate the malware and study the rootkit [ 7,9 ] , little information is available about the functionality of the spam bot that is contained within rustock .
We are particularly interested in the communications between the command and control ( C&C ) server and infected hosts since they provide a glimpse into an advanced botnet communications scheme .
The remainder of this paper presents a case study of the steps necessary to extract and reverse engineer the spam bot component .
First , we provide some information gleaned from observing the network traffic produced by the bot .
Then , we walk through the three phases of deobfuscation leading to the extraction of the spam bot component .
Next , we describe the reverse engineering of the spam bot leading up to the extraction of the session encryption key from memory that makes it possible to decrypt the C&C communications between client and server .
Finally we summarize a sample decrypted C&C communication session between client and server .
Figure 1 : Spam bot command and control
The key exchange phase is similar in all C&C sessions we observed .
The HTTP POST from the client contains a 96 - byte encrypted payload and is sent to the login. php page on the server .
This is followed by a response from the server containing a 16 - byte payload .
The instruction phase of the C&C communications consists of a variable number of HTTP POSTs from the client and corresponding responses from the server .
The size of the payloads contained within these packets is also variable and therefore assumed to be dependent upon the variable nature of the underlying C&C instructions .
In addition to the information we gained through observation of the network traffic the people at Symantec helped us recognize that the encryption algorithm used to encrypt the data was RC4 .
lzx32.sys
FDAFB3A14338B2B612C4E5C4F94B3677
As shown in Figure 2 , the malware contains four main components : the initial deobfuscation routine , the rootkit loader , the rootkit , and the spam module .
Figure 2 : Overview of the lzx 32.sys malware .
In our analysis we break it down into four parts : A . The first deobfuscation routine , B . The rootkit loader which contains the second deobfuscation routine , C . The rootkit containing the third deobfuscation routine , and D . The spam module .
IDA Pro 5.0 Standard Edition [ 10 ] , an interactive disassembly tool is used to study the code .
A useful plug - in to the disassembly tool called idax86emu [ 11 ] is also employed to deobfuscate the malware .
The plug - in tool emulates the x86 CPU instruction set and can modify the disassembly as it walks through the obfuscated code .
lzx32.sys
0x00011000
0x000114AF
Using the emulator , we follow the deobfuscation routine to address 0x000114AF .
At this address , the deobfuscated code looks different and makes more sense than the code prior to running through deobfuscation , see Figure 3 .
This is the beginning of the rootkit loader .
Figure 3 : View of the disassembled code at the rootkit loader 's entrypoint before and after deobfuscation .
After a careful study of the code contained within the rootkit loader , we learn it takes the following steps :
Searches for the ntoskernl .exe image in memory and imports the functions : ExAllocatePool , ZwQuerySystemInformation , ExFreePool , and stricmp .
Using these imported functions , the malware allocates a chunk of memory of about 34 k ( 0x8800 bytes ) and deobfuscates the memory chunk starting at address 0x00011926 into the allocated memory .
The deobfuscation routine used at this stage ( DOBF Routine 2 in Figure 2 ) can be recognized by the parameters passed to the function ; they are the address of the encrypted 0x8800 bytes embedded in the binary and the address of the 0x8800 bytes of newly allocated memory .
The deobfuscation routine is called at 0x00011593 .
The deobfuscated memory turns out to be another PE executable , which is then mapped back to location 0x00011926 .
This executable is the embedded rootkit component that we will discuss in section .
Using the PE header of the embedded rootkit component starting at 0x00011926 , the rootkit loader sets up the import tables by using the strings table located within the deobfuscated rootkit component .
Some example function names are ZwEnumerateKey , ZwCreateKey , and ZwQueryKey .
These functions will be used by the rootkit component later to hide itself .
The rootkit loader then does any necessary relocation using the relocation section of the embedded binary .
Since the rookit component is now decoded and mapped into the malware , its PE header is no longer needed .
Therefore , in an attempt to defeat RAM forensics , the rootkit loader deletes the MZ and PE signatures bytes from the decoded rootkit executable from memory before passing control to the embedded rootkit binary .
The rootkit loader now jumps to 0x00011D92 , the entry point of the rootkit component , which will be discussed next .
The Rootkit Component
HKLM\system\CurrentControlSet\services\pe386
The rootkit component entry function at 0x00011D92 takes two arguments :
A pointer to an object representing the original malware driver file , i.e. lzx32.sys .
It appears that this object is created by the Windows operating system when driver files are loaded into memory as a service .
.
It appears that this object is created by the Windows operating system when driver files are loaded into memory as a service .
The registry path pointing to the registry key that loaded the malware driver file into the operating system .
This path is Unicode encoded .
Knowing that the first argument is a pointer to the file object representing the original malware driver file is key in understanding how a modular component can be loaded and executed by the rootkit component .
After storing the two arguments in global variables , a system thread is created .
This thread has the following functionality :
Creates a handle to the rootkit kernel driver named : \ BaseNamedObjects \{DC5E72A0-6D41-47E4-C56D-024587F4523B}
( Since this handle name is hard - coded into the binary , it may serve as a way to detect the presence of the rootkit module ) .
Checks whether the loaded malware driver file is stored in an Alternate Data Stream ( ADS ) .
Deletes all sub-keys in the hive : HKLM\system\CurrentControlSet\Enum\Root\Legacy_lzx32.sys
Replaces the registry functions to hide the registry key created to load the malware at boot .
Creates a notify routine using PsSetCreateProcessNotifyRoutine which gets called for all process activity .
This notify routine creates at most two threads to inject the spam component into the services .
exe process .
By doing this , the malware ensures its survivability .
The rootkit then replaces the ZwQuerySystemInformation , and ZwTerminateProcess functions .
The same routine that injects the spam component discussed in step 5 is called at this point to start the spam component .
This routine will be discussed in detail next .
The spam component is encrypted and appended to the original driver file lzx32.sys .
The rootkit uses the first argument to extract this encrypted executable .
One way to detect the presence of the appended component is to parse the PE header of the original malware driver file .
By so doing , one will notice that there is additional data past the end of the PE executable .
To extract and decrypt the appended data , the rootkit takes the following steps :
Reads the last four bytes of the original file , this is the size of the encrypted and compressed executable , we will call it bot_compressed_size .
Moves the file pointer back by bot_compressed_size + 4 , and reads in four bytes that represent the xor key .
Reads in the next four bytes after the xor key , this is the uncompressed size of the appended file , we will call it bot_uncompressed_size .
The xor key is then used to xor - decrypt the data four bytes at a time , starting from the byte after bot_uncompressed_size .
Allocates and uses a memory chunk of size bot_uncompressed_size , the xor - decrypted data is then deobfuscated using deobfuscation routine 3 ( DOBF Routine 3 is the same as DOBF Routine 2 ) .
The resulting file is another PE executable that is the modular spam bot component .
To properly extract this module , it is important to use the size variables detailed above .
Using the wrong sizes results in an incomplete spam module .
It was previously mentioned that the spam module is injected into the services .
exe process , this is another step taken by the malware to thwart detection .
The rootkit component follows these steps to inject the module into the services .
exe process :
Finds the process ID of services .exe by using the ZwQuerySystemInformation API function to return all system thread and process information and searching the returned results .
Once found the process ID is stored in a global variable .
Creates another copy of the services .exe process .
Sets up networking capabilities by hooking the tcpip.sys , wanarp.sys , and ndis.sys driver functions .
Extracts , decrypts , and deobfuscates the spam module as described above .
Maps the spam module into non-paged allocated memory .
Calls KeAttachProcess to switch the memory context to the services .exe process .
The rootkit then sets up an asynchronous procedural call that provides a method to run the spam module code .
login.php
data.php
The RC4 encryption algorithm consists of two main parts , the key - scheduling algorithm , and the pseudo - random generation algorithm [ 12 ] .
To generate the keystream the two algorithms make use of an internal state consisting of two parts , a permutation of all 256 possible bytes , and two 8 - bit index pointers .
By comparing the two functions found within the assembly code with a C code implementation of RC4 [ 13 ] , we are able to determine that the assembly functions are direct implementations of the two algorithms that make up RC4 .
Additionally , the struct stored in global memory is the secret internal state consisting of a 256 byte char array and two index pointers into the array .
The function containing the key - scheduling algorithm is called once during login. php .
This function initializes the internal state variable and stores it in the global struct .
The session key itself is not stored in global memory and is therefore difficult to extract .
Fortunately , having the internal state variables is as good as having the original key generated by the infected host .
The code snippet in Figure 4 is from the IDA pro disassembly and shows the instructions leading up to the storage of the global struct containing the state variables .
We have named the global struct g_prepped_session_key .
Figure 4 : Disassbled code for the routine that stores the prepared session key in a global struct .
The hex equivalent of the first 4 - bytes of the highlighted code is used to generate a signature that will be used later to extract the prepared key .
The instruction jz short loc_405CE4 is the instruction that precedes the code that prepares the session key and stores it in global memory .
Converting this instruction and subsequent instructions to hexadecimal results in a unique signature 0x74 0x11 0xA1 0x64 that we will use later to search and extract from memory the internal state variables used to decrypt the encrypted network communications .
services.exe
We used Microsoft 's User Mode Process Dumper [ 14 ] to dump the memory space of the services .
exe process to a file .
Timing of the memory dump is critical since it must occur after the key exchange and instruction phases of the C&C session but before the next key exchange .
Because the client typically initiates another C&C session with the server every few minutes it is important to keep track of the various sessions and the corresponding memory dumps .
In order to prevent the possibility of the state variable being overwritten one could use a remote kernel debugger to break execution after the C&C session has completed rather than dumping the memory .
The disadvantage of this method is that it affects the timing of subsequent C&C sessions and could be noticed by the server .
Once we have a memory dump and a corresponding network capture of the C&C session , we load the memory dump into Microsoft 's windbg [ 15 ] .
The log file shown in Figure 5 enumerates the steps we took to extract the key .
First , we locate the signature isolated in the previous section ( 0x74 0x11 0xA1 0x64 ) .
Next , we disassemble several instructions starting at the memory address we just found .
The mov instruction at address 0x00d35cd3 loads a pointer to the struct containing the RC4 state variables , so to find the key we simply dereference the pointer .
Finally we dump the state variables to a file .
Figure 5 : windbg log file with comments .
This shows how to extract the RC4 state variables from memory .
data.php
data.php
To decrypt the captured C&C session we use the global struct we have extracted from the memory dump containing the state variables .
We modify the C code implementation of RC4 [ 13 ] to read the key - scheduling state variables from disk rather then generating a new instance .
For us to decrypt the communication we need to apply the RC4 encryption / decryption function ( pseudo random generation algorithm ) to the POST message from the client followed by the response from the server .
This keeps the state variables synchronized and allows us to decrypt both sides of the communication .
Each exchange consisting of a POST to data. php and reply from the server can be decrypted separately since the state variable is copied from the global struct to the stack each time .
One thing to note is that the first fourteen bytes of the client message are ignored when encrypting the message .
This was noticed during the static analysis of the spam module .
In order to keep the state variables synchronized , we also must ignore the first fourteen bytes of the message .
Table 1 is a summary of a sample C&C session we decrypted and consists of seven data exchanges .
The client initiates the conversation by sending the " kill.txt " string for which the server responds with a list of processes to terminate and files to delete from the client .
Some examples of processes are CAPP.exe , syswire.exe , Ravmond.exe .
Some examples of files are m_hook.sys , comdlj32.dll , and secure32.html .
Web searches for the processes and file names indicate that these are other malicious programs that the client may be infected with .
This provides a way to eliminate other infections that may conflict with this bot .
Message Message Contents or Summary Client 1 " kill.txt " Server 1
Server response specifies processes to terminate and files to delete from the client Client 2 Information about the client Server 2 Information for the client about the client and file names to create or request for subsequent communications with the server Client 3 " neutral.txt "
Server 3
List of domain names to query for mail servers to use Client 4 " unlucky.txt " Server 4
List of SMTP server responses that indicate failure Client 5 " tmpcode.bin "
Server 5
Binary data that specifies the formatting of spam message to be sent by the client Client 6 " tmpcode.bin "
Server 6 Binary data including spam content Client 7 " -" Server 7
List of target email addresses Table 1 : Summary of decrypted C&C communications between the infected client and the server .
Next , the client sends information about itself to the server including bandwidth , OS version , SMTP availability ( if outbound TCP / 25 is allowed ) , if it is a virtual machine , and if it is blacklisted on a DNS blacklist .
The server responds with additional information including the client 's external IP address , machine name , task id that the server assigns to the client for a given spamming job , whether an update of the client is available , and names of additional command strings that the client can use for subsequent communications .
An example of the command strings are " filesnames=neutral.txt " and " unluckystrings=unlucky.txt " .
The next packet sent by the client is " neutral.txt " , this request results in a list of domain names from the server .
The client puts these domain names in a double - linked list and queries them for the presence of mail servers .
The fourth client request in this session is " unlucky.txt " .
This request results in a list of error messages that an SMTP server could return .
Some examples are " Please use your provider SMTP " and " your mail rejected "
In the fifth and sixth exchange , the client sends the request string " tmpcode.bin " and the server responds with binary code and spam content that is used by the client to generate spam messages that are dynamic in nature to bypass spam filters .
Finally , in the last session , the client send a single dash ( " - " ) to which the server responds with a list of email addresses where spam messages will be sent .
Based on our observation that the starting address of the deobfuscated code changed between versions of lzx32.sys as well as different obfuscation techniques we conclude that the outer most binary packer / obfuscator was changed .
It is likely that the reason for this is that the authors of the code were attempting to avoid antivirus detection as well as to increase the amount of time that it takes to deobfuscate the code .
Our technique for deobfuscation was not affected much by the different techniques since we step through the code using an emulator .
Our analysis of the C&C communications indicates ordinary spam bot functionality .
Aside from this functionality the spam module also has the ability to download and execute arbitrary code .
This could be used for other nefarious purposes .
In addition , the modular design of the rootkit and embedded spam module makes it easy to update the spam module .
During our experiments , we observed multiple updates to the spam module .
These updates were confined to changes of C&C server domain names and search terms used to build the spam , but it indicates that it would be simple for those controlling the botnet to update the module with other features .
lzx32.sys
Future work is also needed to better understand the details of the rustock rootkit .
Since our focus was on getting to the spam module , we did not do a detailed analysis on the rootkit itself .
Further details can be found in [ 9 ] .
One element of the rootkit that needs more analysis is the alternative behavior exhibited when the malware driver detects that it is not stored in an ADS .
Additional work should be done to automate the key extraction and C&C decryption .
One way to do this would be to continually monitor the network traffic from an infected client .
Anytime a post to login. php is seen , a remote procedure call could be initiated to the infected host to dump the memory space of the services .
exe process .
Given the network captures and memory dumps it would be easy to write a script to extract the key from the dumps and decrypt the C&C communications in a way similar to our method .
1 Paul Bacher , Thorsten Holz , Markus Kotter , and Georg Wicherski , Know Your Enemy : Tracking Botnets , https://www.honeynet.org/papers/bots/ , ( 2005 ) .
2 Paul Barford and Vinod Yegneswaran , An Inside Look at Botnets , https://www.cs.wisc.edu/~pb/botnets_final.pdf
3 Nicholas Ianelli and Aaron Hackworth , Botnets as a Vehicle for Online Crime , https://www.cert.org/archive/pdf/Botnets.pdf , ( 2005 ) .
4 Phatbot Trojan Analysis , LURHQ Threat Intelligence Group , https://www.lurhq.com/phatbot.html , ( 2004 ) .
5 Sinit P2P Trojan Analysis , LURHQ Threat Intelligence Group , https://www.lurhq.com/sinit.html , ( 2004 ) .
6 Robert Lemos ,
Bot software looks to improve peerage , SecurityFocus , https://www.securityfocus.com/news/11390 , ( 2006 ) . 7 Backdoor .
Rustock .B , Symantec , https://www.sarc.com/avcenter/venc/data/backdoor.rustock.b.html , ( 2006 ) .
8 Spam - Mailbot.c , McAfee , https://vil.nai.com/vil/content/v_140181.htm , ( 2006 ) .
9 Frank Boldewin , A Journey to the Center of the Rustock .
B Rootkit , https://www.reconstructer.org/papers/A%20Journey%20to%20the%20Center%20of%20the%20Rustock.B%20Rootkit.zip , ( 2007 ) .
10 IDA Pro , https://www.datarescue.com/idabase
11 The x86 Emulator plugin for IDAPro , Chris Eagle , https://ida-x86emu.sourceforge.net
12 Bruce Schneier , Applied Cryptography : Protocols , Algorithms , and Source Code in C , Second Edition , John Wiley and Sons , New York , NY , ( 1996 ) .
13 RC4 C source code , https://www.cypherspace.org/adam/rsa/rc4.c
14 Microsoft User Mode Process Dumper , https://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=E089CA41-6A87-40C8-BF69-28AC08570B7E&displaylang=en
15 Microsoft windbg , https://www.microsoft.com/whdc/devtools/debugging/default.mspx
16 Paul Royal , Mitch Halpin , David Dagon , Robert Edmonds , and Wenke Lee , PolyUnpack : Automating the Hidden - Code Extraction of Unpack - Executing Malware .
In Proceedings of the 22nd Annual Computer Security Applications Conference ( ACSAC 2006 ) ( December 2006 ) .
Sandia is a multiprogram laboratory operated by Sandia Corporation , a Lockheed Martin Company , for the United States Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration under Contract DE - AC04-94AL85000 .
Levi Lloyd 2007-04-03
By By Ryan Mahon Jan 20 , 2010 in Business On January 25 , 2009 , the Haitian Prime Minister , Jean - Max Bellerive , will meet with Hillary Clinton and others in Montreal , Quebec to assess the damage , how much it will cost and who will pay for it .
Who will pay may be an entirely different matter .
Mark Schneider , former director of the Peace Corps , has been cited by the According to the The Summit is being billed as a Haitian Marshall Plan by some experts , according to the Ottowa Citizen .
This term is an allusion to the economic plan to rebuild Western Europe following World War II , and as they point out , it will be a matter of rebuilding the country from the ground up .
Like Europe following WWII , Haiti has largely been reduced to rubble by the quake .
Ironically , channeling these funds through the Haitian government has all but been ruled out , due to the rating of the government there as one of the most corrupt in the world .
The task of rebuilding will most likely fall to charity organizations already operating in the country .
Who will pay may be an entirely different matter .
Mark Schneider , former director of the Peace Corps , has been cited by the [ url=http:// t=_blank ]
Council on Foreign Relations as indicating that simply putting Haiti back on its feet may be missing an opportunity to build what he calls a “ New Haiti ” , one that will fundamentally transform the lives of Haitians , and actualize their potential .
Failure to do so may be setting them up for another disaster in the future .
He estimates the cost of rebuilding Haiti as ‘ some multiple ’ of $ 6 billion , the US estimate of the damage done during the quake .
He further estimates that this endeavor will take a decade or more to complete .
According to the Huffington Post total private and corporate donations made as of January 20 , 2010 total approximately $ 43 million dollars .
This seems to indicate that the vast majority of the direct cost of rebuilding will come from the US and other governments .
Other costs of reconstruction are indirect , and will certainly be paid by the US tax payer ; including but not limited to the military presence already in place , the re-patriation and migration of Haitians to the US , and medical and food aid to stabilize the country prior to reconstruction .
More about Haiti , Rebuilding , Tax More news from haiti rebuilding tax
“ I am a Jew ” sounds like a straightforward declaration .
But how such an assertion or confession ( as it was taken to be in many situations down the ages ) then “ unpacks ” can vary according to circumstance .
Declarations of orthodox faith or unambiguous allegiance are high on a scale of certainty which descends to sympathetic attachment or even to diluted indifference .
It reaches its nadir with the apostate who changes his name and yet fears that he may be found out .
Negative territory is reached with the man who , like Petrus Alfonsi in medieval Spain , deserts his faith perhaps for reasons of conviction , and converts to its enemy .
St. Paul is the supposedly divinely transfigured paradigm .
The half - Jew , of whom Reinhard Heydrich may be the vilest instance , can become the persecutor who , by his zeal , seeks to amputate something of his own self , and make himself wholly other in the process .
“ Is he a Jew ? ” becomes the question such men dread to hear .
The journalist Walter Lippmann was a case of what might be called “ lofty apostasy ” :
His practice of “ public philosophy ” discounted personal allegiance and allowed him to be high - minded in his apparent indifference to the Holocaust , to which he made scant reference in his many columns of “ objective , ” but self - important , newsprint .
Impartiality too can have its hidden bias .
In the last 60 years , the measure of a man ’s Jewishness has become more political than religious :
The more we support Israel , the more loyal we supposedly are to what is said to be our ancestral faith or race .
Today ’s Jew can be forgiven for eating a crab salad , but never for wishing that Israel would withdraw from the West Bank “ territories , ” still less for favoring the dissolution of the Jewish state , as Tony Judt , Harold Pinter and other well - placed Diasporites have appeared to do .
In less enlightened eyes , the least that an absentee who calls him / herself a Jew can do is to be a supporter of the Jewish state .
My Zion right or wrong ; where would we be without it ?
There is , in truth , no knowing .
“ Am I a Jew ? ” sounds like a question to which an answer , except for an amnesiac , requires no probing introspection .
If one knows anything about oneself , surely one must know that much .
Yet , as Shlomo Sand , an Israeli professor of history , spells out , in the later pages of his book , “ The Invention of the Jewish People , ” its answer can turn out , in modern Israel at least , to be a matter first for the courts and then , when decision proves awkward , for the rabbis whose commanding influence on the state is maintained by their definitive , not to say divining , skills .
Who I am , or can legally claim to be , has become subject to , and determined by , first raison d’etat and then , since the issue defies reason , clerical fiat .
The Invention of the Jewish People By Shlomo Sand Verso , 332 pages
Sand seems to be an honest opponent of a priori postures .
His bibliography is evidence of his thoroughness .
I could wish that he had not pulled professorial rank when he derived the word nation from what , I am pretty sure , is the nonexistent Latin verb nascere .
He claims that it means “ to beget . ”
My large Latin dictionary acknowledges no such word , although nasci , to be born , is widely cited .
Does it matter ?
However assimilated , in terms of language , education or social embeddedness , no Diaspora Jew has failed to benefit , in more or less calculable ways , from the existence of the state of Israel .
Those who grew up after 1948 can have little idea of the sense of isolation , of habitual anxiety to which Jews , even in the most allegedly enlightened or tolerant countries , were frequently subject .
Of course there were some who , by virtue of their wealth , excellence or muscle , had no such nervous unease , but the Holocaust was the culmination of the manifest malice and , in the Nazi case , of the murderous hostility of the Gentile world .
The German Jews were the most assimilated , culturally and , it seemed , socially , but they were swept away along with the Ostjuden from whom they had made every effort to distinguish themselves .
The myth of Jewish solidarity ( all for one and one for all ) has been eagerly propounded and repeated , but what Jean - Paul Sartre called “ serialisation ” has often led one group to imagine itself exempt from what is happening to another .
The arrogance of the ostentatiously anti-Israel Diasporites , Jacqueline Rose and Noam Chomsky en tete , suggests that the delusion of the Good Jew , who makes no waves , still has its eager tenants .
Sartre argued , in a thesis which has been oddly persistent , that “ the Jew ” should not resist the identity wished upon him but rather — in the French sense of the word — “ assume ” the character he is alleged to have and so render it sublime .
This view ignores Jewish history and lends anti-Semitism definitive authority .
Sand ’s patient account of the ins and outs of the fate of distinct Jews down the centuries renders Sartre ’s prescription both condescending and irrelevant .
Rose and Chomsky and their like rely , as Communist fellow travelers did , on the good will of those who , when it comes to it , if it does , will regard them as dispensable dupes .
Even Hitler had his Jewish admirers ; they still went to the camps , albeit in first - class coaches .
Zionism was never a popular cause among the Jews of Western Europe or of the United States until the rise of Hitler .
To be a Jew might sometimes lead to humiliations ( when seeking to join golf clubs or applying for classy academic jobs ) , but it rarely impelled people to pack up and leave for the Middle East .
My British father , whose family had arrived in England at the end of the 18th century , warned me that a Jew had to work twice as hard to get half as far , but that it was still possible to make one ’s way in the “ Christian ” world and to deserve a place in it .
He never denied his Jewishness ( though others of our family did ) , but , apart from an occasional visit to synagogue , in pious honor of his father , it played no positive part in his life .
To call oneself a Jew was one thing ; to be called one , on the other hand , merited the use of the good old British punch on the nose .
Assimilation was never any sort of dishonorable option , least of all in England and France and Italy , until the rise of Nazism .
Mussolini ’s Fascism was , for many years , particularly attractive to not a few Italian Jews ( Alexander Stille ’s “ Benevolence and Betrayal ” is the key source ) .
Education in the humanities was , in truth , a long program of assimilation , whether for Jews or anyone else .
The study of Greece and Rome was , for those who studied the Classics , a prolonged program of deliberate imitation :
One sought , as closely as possible , to match great models and to acquire the culture of civility .
Lesser breeds ( in Kipling ’s phrase ) advanced themselves by climbing the ordained rungs to the common citizenship which , on the Roman model , was available to all those worthy of it .
English Jews , whatever their individual fortunes , had reason to be glad to be where they were .
When I was 6 years old , my father was transferred from New York to London .
As we crossed the Atlantic , in the M.V. Britannic , he comforted me by saying , “ Now you can be an English gentleman instead of an American Jew . ”
Whether or not I achieved this transformation is not for me to say , nor do I greatly care : Hybridization can be a happy condition : for a novelist at least , it is more a privilege than an inconvenience to entertain contradictory elements .
How much of a Jew have I remained , despite my Anglicized accent ?
In terms of faith , I am ( like many ) lost to orthodoxy : I eat shellfish , do not read Hebrew , scarcely notice whether I am in Jewish company or not .
I do not believe in the literal veracity of the Torah nor do I have any desire to live in a Jewish community , here , there or anywhere .
In certain company , such a near - Jew can be accused of betraying his people or — a charge typically unsheathed by some militant brethren — of “ self - hatred . ”
The topic has been copiously covered , but I doubt the accuracy of the charge and even , except in extreme cases such as Otto Weininger , the terminology .
It is not entirely disreputable ( though it may be comic ) for a man to resent the label others tie on him , or the expectations they then have of his character and duties .
The comedy arises from the tenacity of what Shlomo Sand argues are as often “ national ” as Jewish characteristics .
Jewish humor , for instance , is essentially Eastern European .
There are not many jokes in the Bible .
Jesus wept ; but is not reported to have laughed .
Spinoza was a great ( Sephardic ) philosopher , but no marked humorist .
There is an old Jewish story , which it would be politically incorrect to tell in full , that has the punch line ( from a rabbi ’s lips ) “ Look who wants to be nobody ! ”
The revised version is less funny , but more ludicrous :
In today ’s Israel , if Sand is to be believed , it is not a matter of conscience or even , in some cases , of lineage whether or not a man is a Jew , but of authoritarian decision .
Somewhere behind all this is the ghost of the 19th century Viennese anti-Semitic Mayor Lueger , who boasted that he decided who was or was not a Jew .
It is no great scandal , still less a surprise , to find that the routines of his and other anti-Semitic discourse , rough or smooth , have generated reciprocal responses , not least of more or less aggressive nationalism and self - enchantment , in Jewish apologists .
In the same way , Bismarckian nationalism , to which no one at the time took great exception , encouraged ( to put it mildly ) men such as Heinrich Graetz to propound a history of “ the Jews ” which would entitle his people to belong to the nascent , and expanding , new Germany .
The Invention of the Jewish People By Shlomo Sand Verso , 332 pages
By the same token , turned abruptly on its head , it is unlikely that Zionism would ever have achieved its measure of paramountcy if it had not been for Nazi racism ( and what Lucy Davidowicz called “ the Abandonment of the Jews ” by the Allies ) .
In that sense , there is some truth in the malevolent assertion , which George Steiner put in the mouth of his fictitious Hitler , in “ The Portage of A.H. to San Cristobal , ” that without Adolf there would have been no Jewish state .
Zionism was as unpopular among emancipated Western Jewry ( only some 2 percent endorsed it ) in the 1930s as Nazism itself had been in Germany until the disaster of the Depression .
It does not follow that the state of Israel should not , for that reason , be allowed to exist , still less that its founders endorsed or conspired with the Nazis .
Konrad Adenauer ’s payment of reparations to Israel , rather than ( as later happened , in some cases at least ) to individual sufferers , was probably well intentioned .
Symbolically , however , it can be read as standing for Germany ’s ( and the West’s ? ) paying off of all its debts to “ the Jews . ”
Europe ’s conclusive goodbye was wrapped in cash .
Israel , it has further been argued ( not entirely implausibly ) , was established so that Europe ’s evicted Jews should have somewhere to go which was not either the United States or Britain .
The victors did not want the despoiled .
The British , unsurprisingly , used the Jews to enable them to divide and rule Palestine and then , in accordance with Foreign Office tradition , left them to face the angry Arabs in a war which , if the British had rightly calculated ( and fixed ) the odds , would lead to their elimination .
Pontius Pilate has never lacked emulation in London .
None of this , however keenly asserted , validates the existence of Israel , nor yet does its devious creation , as a kind of noble dump for unwanted persons , invalidate it .
It happened as it did , not because “ the Jews ” were or were not a single people , but in consequence of events over which no Jews , of any political persuasion , had effective control .
Israel is , in that sense at least , a reactionary state .
So what ?
It is a common phenomenon , as Zionists have proved , for the defeated to adopt , in whatever modified or supposedly sublime form , the tactics of those who humiliated them .
Ben-Gurion , for eminent instance , admired European culture , but wanted the Jews to become , once more , a “ fighting people ” ( in truth , the Philistines had more often defeated the Jews than modernized myth found convenient to admit ) .
The baggage Ben-Gurion wanted left behind , in old Europe , were the weapons of inferiority :
He now wished the sword to be mightier than the pen .
George Steiner has also observed that “ Jewishness , in the twentieth century , is a club from which there can be no resignations . ”
In the 21st , however , it is a club to which entry is vigilantly scrutinized in the state which , at the same time , is said to incorporate the eternal aspiration of all Jews .
The vexedness of the question of Jewish identity has been modernized by the existence of Israel and by its leaders ’ claim that it is the ( exclusive ) nation - state of the Jewish people rather than of those who live within its borders and are subject to its laws .
For this reason , Sand tells us , at least one of its leading judges , Shimon Agranat , has maintained that “ there is a Jewish nation , but not an Israeli one . ”
As a consequence of this a posteriori judgment , the Palestinians have a seemingly inexorable reason to regard themselves as Israel ’s Jews .
The comedy , in a very cruel sense , is that Sand argues , with conviction , that the Palestinians are at least as likely to be the descendants of the “ original ” Judeans as the Jews who have come from , for instance , the ex-Soviet Union , of whom more than a few are almost certainly without any ancestral link with the Holy Land , since they are descended from , in particular , the Khazars whose king converted voluntarily to Judaism in the seventh century C.E.
The Khazars , however , are not an admitted topic in Israeli historiography .
Facts are not the friends of ideologues .
In logic , Wittgenstein observed , “ there are no surprises ” ; in life , however , there always are .
One of my favorite little - known books is Raymond Boudon ’s “ La place du desordre ” ( 1984 ) , in which he argues , with solemn brilliance , for the systematic lack of reliable system in all theories of social change , i.e. in all ideological prescriptions .
A 1992 law , passed by the Knesset , decreed that any party which denied the existence ( propriety ? ) of Israel as a Jewish state was barred from elections .
Sand concludes that this , in effect , precludes the creation of an Israeli democracy in the full sense :
There is no freedom of speech , no right to heterodoxy .
Israel is , he says , no better than an “ ethnic democracy , ” since its non-Jewish inhabitants are denied full rights .
Behind the Zionists ’ judicial reasoning lies the willful assumption that “ the Jews ” are all descended from a single exiled people , for centuries dispersed and despised , whose return to their ancient land is an entitlement guaranteed by God and the only means by which they can recover their honor and their dignity .
Sand begins with an account of his own tangled roots and how , by chance , he emerged as an Israeli .
The role of contingency in his origins is meant to alert us to the inescapable element of chance that makes us , whoever we may be , who we are .
The notion of some innate , unalterable and unalloyed belonging to the same race of which the majority left Palestine , if it did , 2,000 years ago runs counter to all human probability and is , literally , without precedent .
There are no “ pure ” races , nor does the notion of “ race ” have much scientific utility .
Science , in the wide sense , was one of the ways in which Jews , by devotion to impersonal objectivity , sought to make their own subjectivity irrelevant to their professional lives .
This did not , of course , prevent the Nazis from speaking of “ Jewish science . ”
According to Sand , some Israeli scientists ’ attempts to isolate a “ Jewish gene ” appear , alas , to be a sad — because ideologically driven and almost certainly fanciful — deviation from that passion for “ disinterested speculation ” on which D.H. Lawrence deigned to congratulate “ the Jews . ”
The Invention of the Jewish People By Shlomo Sand Verso , 332 pages
The obsession with “ purity of blood ” ( and the presumption that it existed in nature ) began , in Western Europe at least , in post - reconquista Spain .
The expulsion of the Jews and the “ Moors ” was supposed to have purged Iberia of inferior inhabitants and to have left an untainted Iberian race .
The Inquisition was the symptom of the uneasy vanity of Christian Spain .
Iberia remained home not only to the converted Jews but also to countless hybrids of various kinds , legitimate or not , and its blood irredeemably enriched , or tainted , by alien transfusions .
Who any longer dares to argue that for a Spaniard , or anyone else , to claim to possess “ pura sangre ” is anything but a fatuous delusion ?
Blood , one might say , is inherently tolerant : Mongrels are us .
Sand argues for the Spanish Jews themselves to be , in some considerable percentage , descended from Berber proselytes who crossed from North Africa with the Moroccan Arabs who made El - Andalus the well - watered place it was until the Christians purged it .
Yet for doctrinaire Zionism to sustain its ideological myth , it remains necessary , if never plausible , for its advocates to argue that all the Jews of the world have a common claim on , and source in , the territory of ancient Palestine and even that their ultimate allegiance is therefore to the state which now occupies most of it .
In an inverted syllogism , the consequence is the generator of its alleged cause .
The Right of Return implies , in some minds , the obligation to do so .
For this logic to hold , it has to be argued that the whole of the Diaspora can trace its lineage , pretty well directly , back to the population which is said to have been expelled , and certainly dispersed , after the double disasters of 70 C.E. , when Jerusalem fell to the besieging Romans , under Titus , and that of some 60 years later , when Bar - Kokhba ’s rebellion was savagely repressed by Hadrian .
One of Sand ’s claims is that , despite many massacres and the ban on circumcised men entering the renamed Jerusalem ( it became Aelia Capitolina ) , there was no mass deportation of Jews from Palestine .
Among the unwanted truths of the past is that , at least by the time of Hadrian ’s vindictive war against the rebellious Judeans , Palestine was by no means the home of most Jews .
Since 10 percent of the population of the Roman Empire was said to be Jewish in the first century C.E. , many of them were surely proselytes and most of them , including converted slaves , lived outside Judea .
There is a strand of Jewish thought ( seconded by the great Sephardic poet Yehuda Halevi ) which argues for the superiority of “ biological Jews , ” but this is unworthy of intelligent endorsement .
Moses Maimonides was the first to argue against such divine nonsense , but he was vilified for his humane philosophy .
A great many Jews had , of course , been reluctant to return even from Babylon , where , as Jeremiah himself had recommended , they had prospered and multiplied .
Baghdad remained a great center of Jewish life and scholarly wisdom for many centuries .
Only in 1941 did the British garrison stand aside while insurgent Arabs massacred most of the Jews still living there .
The ( Jewish ) historian Sir Lewis Namier observed that we study history in order to see how things do n’t happen .
What has happened , however , goes to prove men ’s inability to arrive at a stable and just accommodation with each other .
Plato ’s vision of an Ideal Republic , in which stability would be institutionalized , was an ideological response to what he had seen in the recent Peloponnesian War .
Athenian democracy had been crushed by the Spartan oligarchy .
Plato ’s conclusion was that democracy was inherently fractious and that imitation of the victors ’ style was the logical answer .
Plato was not inhibited from writing “ The Republic ” by the fact that his uncle , Critias , had already attempted to impose a Spartan - style oligarchy on Athens and had failed .
It could be argued ( and has been ) that Critias had acted without due subtlety .
Ideologists , of whatever stripe , regularly insist that there is nothing wrong with their blueprint , whatever it is , but that men have failed to honor its provisions and spirit .
Renovated Marxists make this claim today :
It is not Marxism that failed , but “ capitalism , ” because it lacked the common humanity to concede the argument and so deprived mankind of the medicine that would be good for it , if only it would swallow the stuff .
To change the image , ideologists spend their time trying to straighten what Immanuel Kant called “ the crooked timber of humanity ” to fit their rectilinear theories .
Wishing whole races or classes out of the equation would , many still suppose , balance humanity ’s books .
Namier ( who died in 1953 ) was a Jew , and a gentleman Zionist , so to speak , who spent years analyzing in detail the personal interests and structure in political life in England at the time of the accession of King George III .
As if , incidentally , this work deconstructed the mythology of the English ruling class and its allegedly patriotic solidarity .
Namier ’s purpose , in “ unpacking ” the greeds and vanities of ancient Whigs and Tories , was not overtly polemical or tendentious .
Like so many academics , he found an unexcavated field and began to dig .
In doing so , he uncovered the various motives of antique gentlemen .
His own , he might have said , were the pursuit of truth and the vindication of the specific instance against the pious generalization .
The Invention of the Jewish People By Shlomo Sand Verso , 332 pages
Namier ’s Jewishness was manifest in his support for Zionism , but when asked why he did not write about the Jews and their past , he retorted that the Jews did not have a history , but only a “ martyrology ” :
They were the victims of what happened to them during most of the last 2,000 years and thus an unrewarding , depressing topic .
One of the strongest claims which Zionism has on Jews today is that , thanks almost entirely to the creation of the state of Israel , Jewish pride has been restored and “ the Jews ” have a positive history , complete , it seems , with the ingredients which made English history so attractive to Namier : triumph against overwhelming odds , military victories , an energetic culture and economic expansion .
If Israel were a neat island , rather than a sliver of land surrounded on three sides by hostile neighbors and containing a substantial minority of second - class citizens , its future might be secure .
As things are , another of Namier ’s titles , “ Vanished Supremacies , ” serves as a warning that how things are does not promise how things will be .
It is , to some degree at least , in response to the fear that Israel has contrived its own unreliable isolation and may one day lose the protection of the West , on which it has chosen to rely , that Shlomo Sand , an Israeli historian , has written this book .
The fundamental fallacy on which the Zionist myth depends is , he argues , that the “ Jewish people ” constitute a body of men ( and women ) whose origins can , and must , be traced back , as directly as may be , to the population of ancient Israel and Judea .
“ To promote a homogeneous collective in modern times [ required ] … a connection in time and space between the fathers and the ‘ forefathers ’ of all members of the present community .
The agents of memory worked hard to invent it . …
From this surgically improved past emerged the proud and handsome portrait of the nation . ”
It can be guessed from the straight - faced sarcasm of his introduction that Sand ’s book will , in somewhat Namieresque style , investigate in detail the motives , follies and ambitions of historians , beginning with Heinrich Graetz , in the mid-19th century , who interpreted or refashioned what had happened to “ the Jews ” in order to validate a preconceived notion of how “ the Jewish problem ” should , or might , be resolved .
Sand ’s text has excited virulent denunciation in some quarters .
My lack of expertise in its original Hebrew and in the detailed context of many of Sand ’s quotations inhibits me from making any reliable judgment .
I can say only that common sense supports much of his narrative and that its content , where I am qualified to assess it , is admirably and candidly presented .
It may be that this book comes too late to help men arrive at a sane and rational compromise in the Middle East .
Some situations are beyond repair , however much we wish it otherwise .
Ideology and religion provide the basic framework of human thought and also supply the often antique racks on which we are all stretched .
As Genet observed , “ Nous ne sortirons jamais de ce bordel ” — i.e. , there is , to put it chastely , no way out of this mess .
Wireless brain - machine interfaces could one day scan minds in real - time for speech data to help people with brain injuries talk , new research suggests .
Recently , scientists have developed brain - machine interfaces that help restore communication to people who can no longer speak by reading brainwaves using electrodes stuck on their heads .
Unfortunately , these have proved very slow , at roughly one word typed per minute , making normal conversations and social interactions virtually impossible .
Now cognitive neuroscientist Frank Guenther at Boston University and his colleagues reveal a brain - machine interface that uses electrodes implanted directly into the brain for research into real - time speech .
" It should soon be possible for profoundly paralyzed individuals who are currently incapable of speaking to produce speech through a laptop computer , " Guenther told LiveScience .
The scientists worked with a 26 - year - old male volunteer who experiences near - total paralysis due to a stroke he suffered when he was 16 years old .
They implanted an electrode that had two wires into a part of the brain that helps plan and execute movements related to speech .
The electrode recorded brain signals when the volunteer attempted to talk and wireless transmitted them across the scalp to help drive a speech synthesizer .
The delay between brain activity and sound output was just 50 milliseconds on average , roughly that seen with regular speech .
" He was quite excited , particularly on the first few days we used the system , as he got used to its properties , " Guenther recalled .
" I am sure the work seems to proceed slowly from his perspective , as it does from ours at times .
Nonetheless he was very excited about getting real - time audio feedback of his intended speech and happy to work very hard with us throughout the experiments . "
The researchers focused on vowels , since the sound components involved have been studied for decades and software is available to quickly synthesize them .
The accuracy of the volunteer 's productions of vowels with the synthesizer improved quickly with practice from 45 to 89 percent accuracy over the course of 25 sessions in five months .
" Our volunteer was able to produce vowel - to - vowel sequences like ' uh - ee , ' which are relatively easy speech ' movements , ' " Guenther explained .
" The next challenge is consonant production .
This will require a different kind of synthesizer — an articulatory synthesizer , where the user will control movements of a ' virtual tongue . ' "
" Such a synthesizer will allow whole words to be produced , but at the cost of a more complicated system for the user to control , " he continued .
" This , coupled with increases in the number of electrodes that can be recorded from and transmitted across the scalp , should eventually lead to a system that will allow the user to produce words and whole sentences . "
The current system uses data from just two wires .
" Within a year it will be possible to implant a system with 16 times as many , " Guenther said .
" This will allow us to tap into many more neurons , which in the end means much better control over a synthesizer and thus much better speech . "
The scientists detailed their findings Dec. 9 in the journal PLoS ONE .
The prime minister needs help .
No , that 's not a plea for Gordon Brown to undergo a course in anger management – not even one laid on by the self - styled National Bullying Helpline , which inserted itself so clumsily into public life this week .
Instead , it is a request to look less at Brown – even the fist - flying CGI version that 's fast become a viral smash – than at the office he fills .
For what the row over threatened punches and cowering aides has revealed is that the job of prime minister has become all but ­impossible for a mere human being to do .
It is , as one senior Whitehall figure once put it , " beyond any mortal " .
We have long insisted that the ­occupant of No 10 be firm , decisive and courageous .
Brown was pilloried ­mercilessly when he " bottled " that phantom election in 2007 .
But , it 's now clear , we also want someone gentle , polite and emotionally intelligent .
We insist those at the top maintain the dignity of their office – a past Labour leader was ridiculed for wearing the wrong kind of coat at the Cenotaph – but can also exchange banter like a regular guy , so that Brown had to chuckle along chummily as Piers Morgan asked whether he was a " plonker " .
We insist on courtesy , but when we get it , it 's not enough .
John Major 's manners were impeccable – apparently the typists in Downing Street 's garden room liked him – but he became a national joke who was ejected from office in the largest landslide since 1935 .
The " Garden Girls " were fond of Tony Blair , too , and he could be charming on any daytime TV sofa .
But plenty of Britons would have preferred a ruder , coarser Blair – if that meant he did n't lead the country into a disastrous war .
We want a prime minister who is simultaneously steel - willed and flexible , statesman and good bloke , authoritative dad and nurturing mum .
No single person could ever meet all those expectations .
" The job requires the energy of Gladstone , the flair of Disraeli , the balls of Lloyd George , the administrative gifts of Attlee , the style of Macmillan and the sleeping patterns of Thatcher , " says the scholar Peter ­Hennessy , adding " human beings do n't come like that " .
In part , this is not about personalities but about the system .
The role of prime minister is already enormous : he wields more centralised power than , for example , an American president – and more is piled on his plate every day .
In Hennessy 's book on the job , one chapter , tellingly titled " The stretching of the premiership " , lists his basic duties : hiring and firing ministers , chairing the cabinet and its most important ­committees , controlling the civil service , maintaining relationships with heads of foreign governments , close management of the country 's foreign and defence policy , collaborating with the chancellor in budget - making , co-ordination of the security services , and supervision of the government 's political strategy .
Oh , and a prime minister must also be a party leader .
Does that sound to you like a job for one person ?
Or should only super­heroes apply ?
Such a job description asks the impossible .
A panel of US wise men came to a similar conclusion when they examined America 's highest office in 1937 .
The Brownlow commission concluded pithily that , " the president needs help " , proposing a heavily reorganised and reinforced executive office .
The man they were rescuing was none other than Franklin Roosevelt .
In other words , even FDR , one of the presidential greats , was overwhelmed .
But now there is an additional layer of expectation – and it comes from our ever more voracious media , demanding that the national leader appear before a camera or microphone around the clock , seven days a week .
They must get the balance right between gravitas and warmth , adjusting it for the audience , the format , the moment – judging each performance as adroitly as the most seasoned actor .
The same scholars who rate Clement Attlee as the most skilful postwar British prime minister agree this bald , modest man would not have been selected as so much as a parliamentary candidate – let alone have reached Downing Street – if he had had to survive in today 's conditions .
As for FDR , it is hard to see how an aristocratic New Yorker in a wheelchair would have made it in the television age .
Part of the pressure is intensely practical .
A first - rank politician has to be ready to appear on Newsnight one night , then pop up bright and early on the Today programme the next morning , managing to stay word - perfect and error - free , and yet also sound warm and human .
Somehow , in the six hours in between , they have to maintain a normal , wholesome family life – otherwise they will be branded a weirdo .
We slam Brown for looking rumpled and exhausted , but woe betide him if he makes the mistake of being on holiday when a major story breaks .
" Why is the prime minister ducking the issue ? " we will ask .
Small wonder that several PMs have been deemed to have lost their marbles .
Some observers reckon it's the pressure of the job that does it ; others suggest it takes an extreme type to seek the job in the first place .
Psychologist Oliver James says he has discerned the signs of ­narcissistic personality disorder in the current and last incumbent , defined as " an exaggerated , grandiose sense of their own importance " .
Is there anything that can be done , or should David Cameron make an advance booking with the shrink in preparation for the day it all becomes too much ?
David Owen , a rare example of a medical doctor who served in the cabinet , has several remedies to offer .
First , he is dismissive of bleatings about media pressure : he suggests prime ministers simply learn to say no .
( He reckons Thatcher would have gone nowhere near Piers Morgan . )
That goes for much of the workload .
If he is invited to 10 meetings of the European council , then go to four – send the foreign secretary to the rest .
In other words , learn from top - flight CEOs – also doing jobs many regard as impossible – and delegate .
Another tip : term limits .
Prime ministers should be allowed to serve no more than two fixed , four - year parliamentary terms .
The timing makes sense because eight years tends to be the moment when what Dr Owen diagnoses as " hubris syndrome " kicks in : better to get out first .
But the most significant change should be to our system of government .
Some are tempted to go the whole hog and make explicit what has already ­happened , recasting the premiership as a directly elected presidency .
But that too would be an impossible job .
A more direct solution for the overworked PM would be a return to cabinet government , the primus spreading the load among his pares .
Easier said than done , though a coalition government would force a prime minister to share power .
If it 's a single - party government , then it comes down to the character of the person in the job .
Cabinet government is possible if the PM genuinely wants to hear collective advice , rather than relying solely on his own instincts .
Such a leader would n't mind being off the air , allowing others to take the strain ; he might even have other interests besides politics .
That might sound fanciful , but Cameron and Brown had better start thinking about it .
Because right now , they are competing for a job neither of them – and no one else – can do .
After two years , this image forensics analysis service has been turned off .
A number of factors have contributed to this decision to close .
Primarily it has been based on the time and effort required by our volunteers , as well as the on - going costs to maintain the service for public use .
It is at this point that we would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has been involved with Error Level Analysis , and in particular , we would like to thank Dr Neal Krawetz for his work making digital image forensics accessible to a wider group .
Most importantly though , we would like to thank our users .
Over the past two years , our users have analysed in excess of a quarter of a million images , with the results being served to over 1.5 million people .
Without this interest in the service , errorlevelanalysis.com would surely have never have been .
It did n't take Lou Dobbs long to appear on Fox News , and Bill O'Reilly was the joyful host .
He initially tried to get Dobbs to slime over his departure , but Dobbs said that in all his years he was never told what to do or say and was never " talked to " about how he ran his show .
As the interview wound down , Bill needed something a little juicy , so instead of asking Dobbs how he felt about Obama 's policies so far , he phrased it as if President Obama will eat your babies , corrupt your spirit and lure you to sell your soul .
O'Reilly : Barack Obama , is he the devil ?
Dobbs :
He 's not the devil , but he is certainly the man who is not making it easy to understand why he is making the public policy choices that he is .
There has to be a better understanding from and can only from his expression to the American people , what is taking so long for his decision on Afghanistan .
Why is it so necessary to turn 1/6th of the economy into the United States government , which has not showered itself with glory .
O'Reilly :
So you do n't think he 's Satan , but you think he 's mismanaging the country at this point .
Dobbs : I think , absolutely .
O'Reilly : OK , sorry I put words in your mouth .
Dobbs :
No , I was excited .
It was a pretty good choice .
Yeah , Bill .
You only asked him if Obama was the Devil .
What a jackass .
And Dobbs just loved Obama being compared to Satan .
Well , Dobbs should try and be the teabagger King .
He 'll fit right in .
Maybe Tancredo can help on his campaign .
he mimics every anti-Obama slur there is .
I think BillO is watching the CW 's show " Supernatural " .
What a despicable way to ask Dobbs about Obama .
Hey Lou , is President Bush the savior ?
Well , he sure is .
If only those evil liberal devil worshipers would go away and let him blow up the entire Middle East , I believe the country would be better off , Bill .
Funds raised from our new Visa card program will go directly toward providing community technical events and travel grants for open source community members in order to accelerate Linux innovation .
Thanks for choosing and using your favorite card .
Rewards Benefits
If you have driven on the M8 in Scotland lately and seen red and blue sheep grazing on the fields , be sure that it ’s not a hallucination .
Scottish farmer Andrew Jack is the one that has started to paint his sheep in bright red and blue colors to “ spice things up ” so people could smile on their way to and from work .
They are sprayed with animal - friendly paint , something they do n’t mind at all , and they will remain colorful until sheared .
It all started when the farmer wanted to paint them blue to mark St Andrew ’s Day , but now that it has become an attraction in itself , the thought of using other colors as pink has crossed the farmers mind .
Sheep has been used as ideas to several other things , like these sheep sculptures made out of rotary telephones .
With a regular expression engine , there are expectations .
You feed a regular expression to the RE engine , it parses with it .
That simple .
A general BNF parser is one which fulfills the same expectation for BNF .
Write your language in BNF , you got a parser .
But it has n't been that simple .
The guys who write the textbooks have pushed general BNF parsing for years .
Improvements in these algorithms have pushed the speeds down to linear or close to it for the kinds of language in practical use .
But the general parsing algorithms have languished on the textbook pages .
And I did find it was n't quite as easy as the academics suggested .
There were some obstacles that they did n't forsee .
But bottom line , they were right .
General BNF parsing is practical .
Marpa is a practical ( if at this point alpha ) general BNF parser generator .
I have used Marpa to write a practical parser for a non-trivial task -- HTML parsing .
That HTML parser is Marpa : : UrHTML , and I now use Marpa : : UrHTML in tasks I do routinely .
Over the next weeks , I will do phased releases of Marpa .
The HTML parser , Marpa : : UrHTML , is documented and ready to use in the first release .
Over the next few weeks , I will document Marpa , the parse engine itself .
Right now the Marpa parse engine is " pure Perl " , and speeds are on the order of PPI .
This is acceptable for many applications , but Marpa can do better .
Marpa has as its parse engine a mathematical algorithm that lends itself to conversion to C. Further down the road , I 'll write a Marpa C library , and an XS wrapper .
Buying Choices Affilliate Links help support the site
Here 's what Propellerhead have to say ... You already know just how powerful your Reason version 4 can be â€ “ now imagine a Reason with superpowers , a Reason 4000 .
Because that 's exactly what you get when you add Propellerhead Record to the mix .
The two programs will fuse into one , adding just the features you always wished for , as well as flow and functionality you never knew existed .
Find out more about why Record is the ultimate Reason upgrade Reason to Record :
In this video interview , Reason veteran Josh Mobley tells us about his transition to using Record for his professional work .
Combining Reason and Record offers significant improvements over Reason when used in a ReWire setting . ï»¿ï»
¿And we saved the best for last : as a Reason user , you can get the Ultimate Reason Upgrade for just about the price of a regular Reason upgrade .
Record for Reason Owners is USD 149 / EUR 129 .
Record for Reason Owners is USD 149 / EUR 129
Maybe it is weird and conspiracy - theorist to wonder who 's pulling Sarah Palin 's strings .
However , since she 's managed to stay in the limelight — certainly possible on her own given her adoring fans , and " write " legible Facebook posts and op eds , it did make me pause to think who 's managing her .
So far , no one else has been interested , which I guess does make me a kook .
I do n't understand why no one is interested .
It seems to be the most important question .
Behind every dim politician is a group of people feeding them lines , policy points , speeches .
Take Palin's speech when she resigned from governor , for example , penned by her own hand .
It 's written much as she speaks , when she speaks free - form : meandering , lacking focus , peppered with Random Capitalization , phrases in ALL CAPS , and random " quotation marks " around phrases .
And ACES - another bipartisan effort - is working as intended and industry is publicly acknowledging its success .
Our new oil and gas " clear and equitable formula " is so Alaskans will no longer be taken advantage of .
ACES incentivizes NEW exploration and development and JOBS that were previously not going to happen with a monopolized North Slope oil basin .
We cleaned up previously accepted unethical actions ; we ushered in bi-partisan Ethics Reform .
In contrast , Palin 's op - ed writing is remarkably well - written and focused .
Job losses are so certain under this new cap - and - tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried - up energy sector , to the tune of $ 4.2 billion over eight years .
So much for creating jobs .
In addition to immediately increasing unemployment in the energy sector , even more American jobs will be threatened by the rising cost of doing business under the cap - and - tax plan .
For example , the cost of farming will certainly increase , driving down farm incomes while driving up grocery prices .
The costs of manufacturing , warehousing and transportation will also increase .
Am I looking a tad less insane now ?
How could one look at those two pieces of writing and even imagine they came from the same person ?
This thought has n't monopolized my time .
It would just pop in my head every time she " wrote " an op ed or spoke about the need to drill , baby , drill .
However , in the past couple days , I read two snippets that stuck with me .
The first was a snippet about Iran from this morning 's Fox News Sunday .
WALLACE : How hard do you think President Obama would be to defeat in 2012 ?
PALIN : It depends on a few things , say he played — I got this from Buchanan — say he played the war card .
Say he decided to declare war on Iran or decide to really come out and do whatever he could to support Israel–which I would like him to do .
That changes the dynamics of what we can assume will happen between now and three years .
Because I think if the election were today , Obama would not be elected .
She also mentioned supporting Israel in that quote .
The second mentions how she 's making appearances festooned with not only an American flag pin , but an Israeli flag pin as well .
So , Palin 's talking about how great it would be to start a war with Iran , and shows an immense support for Israel .
These are two of the primary issues for the neoconservative movement : supporting Israel , and starting wars in the Middle East .
I 'm not a scholar of neoconservatism so I do n't know historically why this is so .
Perhaps a reader can educate me .
My guess : the Foreign Policy Institute , the newest stomping ground for neocon " thinkers " and Robert Kagan , Bill Kristol , and Dan Senor , it 's board of directors , are managing Sarah Palin 's career .
Besides support for Israel and starting baseless wars in the Middle East , note the convergence between Palin's op eds opposing cap and trade and health reform — the only two she 's penned so far that I know of — and Bill Kristol 's belief that these latter two issues are two of the three biggest issues for today 's GOP .
If I really want to get into speculative territory , I 'll speculate that Bill Kristol is writing Palin 's op eds and overseeing her Facebook posts . :)
But I wo n't just yet .
Perhaps an analysis of writing styles would help , but I do n't have time or knowledge for that .
So , just throwing that out there .
Josh and Tiffany have lived in Xinjiang since 2006 Following the ethnic unrest in Xinjiang in July 2009 , internet access in the region has been severely restricted - far more than in other parts of China .
The situation is gradually improving , but an American blogger living in the area says many sites are still strictly censored .
JOSH , KARAMAY , XINJIANG
Until recently , my only hope of communicating internationally and making contact with my family in the United States was to leave the province of Xinjiang .
For six months after the riots in Urumqi we were left without text messages , international calls and the internet - save for some local government websites .
Then , after Christmas , we got news that the internet and various other communication systems would be restored .
The city where I live , Karamay , was suddenly buzzing with excitement .
This fizzled out quickly when , out of the millions of websites currently blocked , only two were opened : the People 's Daily and Xinhua , both of which are government controlled .
The restoration continued into the new year , although now it was apparent that all new freedom would come with restrictions .
When text messaging reopened , it was restricted to 20 messages per day .
When international calling initially resumed , it was limited by the need to wait in line to use a monitored telephone .
News aggregator Sohu as seen in most of China ( left ) and Xianjiang ( right )
Finally state media hailed the return of Sohu and Sina , two of China 's most popular news portals , but the sites have been completely censored - they are unrecognisable save the logo .
If you access these sites from Xinjiang , there are no adverts , you can't log on , email or access the forums .
The search function is also unavailable , as is the possibility of changing language .
The whole layout looks different - we 're behind a firewall within China 's great firewall .
People doing business at an international or even national level have been severely inconvenienced .
But most people have resigned themselves to this situation .
People hold out some hope that someday everything will return to the way it was , but the government has given us no timetable .
International calls have finally resumed on our own phones , so I can now call my family without using a public phone .
I look forward to the day when Xinjiang will be released from the internet prison it 's in .
Read Josh 's regular updates about internet restrictions in Xinjiang on his website Xinjiang : Far West China
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recipe :
Oozy egg ravioli
From : Cook with Jamie
Eggs are stupid ,
Eggs are dumb ,
So take the eggs
And stick em up your ........
: DThe theme for this week 's Cookbook Challenge is " eggs " and I actually do n't think eggs are stupid nor dumb .
I love eggs !
My favourite way of eating them is poached , with a still oozy yolk .
Which is probably why I decided on this recipe .
For the theme this week , I made fresh pasta ( with eggs ) and turned the pasta into oozy egg ravioli .
Double the egginess right there .
I think I remember seeing this ravioli on the Fifteen reality show , and I remember it looking very impressive .
The recipe involves first making the pasta , and then rolling it out ( or putting it through a pasta machine ) into thin sheets .
A tablespoon of seasoned ricotta is placed down , and an egg yolk is placed on top .
Here 's one ravioli ready for the top sheet of pasta - look at that beautiful yolk .
After the yolk is placed , the ravioli is sealed , and then cooked for a few minutes , before being covered in a butter sauce and topped with some pepper and a smattering of parmesan .
While making the ravioli is n't complicated , it is a bit of effort putting them together .
You have to be quite careful not to break the egg yolks - I broke two , gaaaah .
The only change I made from the recipe was to put some sage leaves into the butter .
Ideally , only cooking the pasta for a few minutes will leave the yolk still runny .
And ahhh yes , so it did .
It does look good with the gooey yolk .
I 'm not sure I would bother making them again , but I 'm glad I tried it at least once !
See previous Cookbook Challenge posts here Update :
See the round up at My Food Trail Check out the recipe for making fresh pasta and also the oozy egg ravioli here ( the pasta recipe is the second one down , and the ravioli is the last recipe ) - saves me from having to type it out !
For all the government conspiracy militia nuts out there , I 've got some good news and some bad news .
The good news is that there is no such thing as silent , stealth black helicopters .
The bad news is that , thanks to Eurocopter 's noise - canceling Blue Edge rotor blades , there soon will be .
( CNN ) --
Alone in the darkness beneath layers of rubble , Dan Woolley felt blood streaming from his head and leg .
Then he remembered -- he had an app for that .
Woolley , an aid worker , husband , and father of two boys , followed instructions on his cell phone to survive the January 12 earthquake in Haiti .
" I had an app that had pre-downloaded all this information about treating wounds .
So I looked up excessive bleeding and I looked up compound fracture , " Woolley told CNN .
The application on his iPhone is filled with information about first aid and CPR from the American Heart Association .
" So I knew I was n't making mistakes , " Woolley said .
" That gave me confidence to treat my wounds properly . "
Trapped in the ruins of the Hotel Montana in Port - au - Prince , he used his shirt to bandage his leg , and tied his belt around the wound .
To stop the bleeding on his head , he firmly pressed a sock to it .
Concerned he might have been experiencing shock , Woolley used the app to look up what to do .
It warned him not to sleep .
So he set his phone alarm to go off every 20 minutes .
Once the battery got down to less than 20 percent of its power , Woolley turned it off .
By then , he says , he had trained his body not to sleep for long periods , drifting off only to wake up within minutes .
Woolley 's job keeps him tech savvy .
He oversees interactive projects for the Christian child advocacy organization Compassion International in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
CNN iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti
With his injuries tended to , he wrote a note to his family in his journal : " I was in a big accident , an earthquake .
Do n't be upset at God .
He always provides for his children even in hard times .
I 'm still praying that God will get me out , but he may not .
But even so he will always take care of you . "
The journal is stained with his blood .
After more than 60 hours , Woolley was pulled from the rubble .
" Those guys are rescue heroes , " he said of the crew that pulled him out .
Interactive map of where to find aid , hospitals in Haiti
His colleague David Hames has not been found .
The two had been standing together when the earthquake struck and the Hotel Montana crumbled .
They were making a film about poverty in Haiti and had just gotten back to the hotel , heading to the elevator in the lobby .
" Then all of a sudden just all craziness broke loose , " Woolley said .
" Convulsions of the ground around us , the walls started rippling and then falling on us .
[ Hames ] yelled out , ' I think it 's an earthquake ! '
I looked for someplace safe to jump to and there was no safe place . "
When the shaking stopped , Woolley could n't see .
And his friend was not with him .
He turned on the focus light of a camera he was wearing around his neck , but he did n't have his glasses .
" So I actually took some pictures and would look at the back of the lens of the camera and saw in one of those pictures the elevator that I ended up hobbling over to .
And that became my safe place . "
Once in the elevator , he used the app -- called " Pocket First Aid & CPR " from Jive Media -- to tend to his injuries .
Woolley said his phone " was like a high - tech version of a Swiss Army knife that enabled me to treat my own injuries , track time , stay awake and stay alive . "
Woolley heard voices of some other people trapped nearby , and they spoke with each other .
" About a day , maybe day and a half in , we heard rescuers , and they had a list of our names at that point , because they were able to talk to one of the people we were talking with .
And so then it seemed like , OK , this is going to happen , we 're actually going to get rescued .
" But then it just took a long time and there were times where I did n't hear anything or I 'd hear drilling in a far part of the building and just did n't get any reassurance they were still coming for me , " Woolley said .
" The scene outside was a lot more chaotic and less simple than I imagined in my head .
...
But eventually they came for me and did an amazing rescue . "
Back home now in Colorado Springs with his wife Christina and children Josh , 6 , and Nathan , 3 , Woolley said he 's grateful to God for getting him through the ordeal .
" Happiness is a morning with ... family , filled with Legos , kissing boo - boos and normalcy . "
The Supreme Judicial Court today dismissed Gary LeBlanc 's conviction on a charge of drugging a person for unlawful sexual intercourse because he only made the cocaine and beer available to her but did not force her to consume it .
However , the ruling upholds LeBlanc 's convictions on two counts of rape and one count each of indecent assault and battery , distribution of cocaine , procuring liquor for a person under 21 and distribution of cocaine in a school zone , because the 18 - year - old , who had previously and repeatedly rebuffed his efforts at sex , was so bombed out of her mind she was unable to give consent for intercourse - or keep him off her .
According to the ruling , LeBlanc , at the time a 50 - year - old lawyer in Gardner , had been rebuffed several times in his efforts to bed the teen - who at least once outright laughed at him .
But she attended a 2004 Super Bowl part at her aunt 's house , which he also attended and where she accepted his offer of cocaine .
Over the next day , she went to his place twice for beer and more cocaine .
Even in her drugged state , she resisted him , but eventually consumed so much beer and coke - 12 beers on an empty stomach - that by the time her friends managed to get her home , her father noticed she " looked like a zombie . "
The SJC ruled that the state law on drugging a person for sex requires some element of force or coercion and that merely providing access to a banquet of alcohol and drugs is not the same as " giving " somebody those substances .
Complete ruling .
Get My Weekly Newsletter
Sign up to get my free weekly newsletter .
It highlights the best material from here , my Facebook Page , and new original work .
Illustrations by Lisa Lin
Official denials aside , the United States has embarked on a new military occupation of Haiti thinly cloaked as disaster relief .
While both the Pentagon and the United Nations claimed more troops were needed to provide “ security and stability ” to bring in aid , violence was never an issue , according to nearly all independent observers in the field .
The military response appears to be more opportunistic .
With Haiti ’s government “ all but invisible ” and its repressive police forces “ devastated , ” popular organizations were starting to fill the void .
But the Western powers rushing in want to rebuild Haiti on a foundation of sweatshops , agro-exports and tourism .
This is opposed by the popular organizations , which draw from Haiti ’s overwhelmingly poor majority .
Thus , if a neoliberal plan is going to be imposed it will be done at gunpoint .
The rapid mobilization of thousands of U.S. troops crowded out much of the aid being sent to the Port - au - Prince airport following the Jan. 12 earthquake .
Doctors Without Borders said five of its cargo flights were turned away , while flights from the World Food Program were delayed up to two days .
By the end of January , three quarters of Haitians still lacked clean water , the government had received only 2 percent of the tents it had requested and hospitals in the capital reported they were running “ dangerously low ” on basic medical supplies like antibiotics and painkillers .
Nearly a month into the crisis , the Washington Post reported , “ Every day , tens of thousands of Haitians face a grueling quest to find food , any food .
A nutritious diet is out of the question . ”
At the same time , the United States had assumed control of Haiti ’s airspace , landed 6,500 soldiers on the ground with 15,000 more troops off shore at one point and dispatched an armada of naval vessels and nine coast guard cutters to patrol the waters , and the U.S. Embassy was issuing orders on behalf of the Haitian government .
In a telling account , The New York Times described a press conference in Haiti at which “ the American ambassador and the American general in charge of the United States troops deployed here ” were “ seated at center stage , ” while Haitian President René Préval stood in the back “ half - listening ” and eventually “ wandered away without a word . ”
The real powers in Haiti now are the U.S. commander , Lt. Gen. Ken Keen ; U.S. ambassador Louis Lucke ; Bill Clinton ( who has been tapped by U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon to lead recovery efforts ) ; and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
When asked at the press conference how long U.S. forces were planning to stay , Keen said , “ I ’m not going to put a time frame on it , ” while Lucke added , “ We ’re not really planning in terms of weeks or months or years .
We ’re planning basically to see this job through to the end . ”
While much of the corporate media fixated on “ looters , ” virtually every independent observer in Haiti after the earthquake noted the lack of violence .
Even Lt. Gen .
Keen described the security situation as “ relatively calm . ” Veteran Haiti reporter Kim Ives told Democracy Now ! on January 20 : “ Security is not the issue .
We see throughout Haiti the population … organizing themselves into popular committees to clean up , to pull out the bodies from the rubble , to build refugee camps , to set up their security for the refugee camps . ”
In one instance , Ives continued , a truckload of food showed up in a neighborhood in the middle of the night unannounced .
“ It could have been a melee .
The local popular organization … was contacted .
They immediately mobilized their members .
They came out .
They set up a perimeter .
They set up a cordon .
They lined up about 600 people who were staying on the soccer field behind the house , which is also a hospital , and they distributed the food in an orderly , equitable fashion . …
They did n’t need Marines .
They did n’t need the U.N. ”
A NEW INVASION
But that ’s what Haiti is getting , including 3,500 more soldiers and police for the 9,200 - strong U.N. force already there .
These U.N. forces have played a leading role in repressing Haiti ’s poor , who twice propelled Jean - Bertrand Aristide to the presidency on a platform of social and economic justice .
And the poor know that the detailed U.S. and U.N. plans in the works for “ recovery ” — sweatshops , land grabs and privatization — are part of the same system of economic slavery they ’ve been fighting against for more than 200 years .
Neoliberal reconstruction , then , will happen at the barrel of the gun .
In this light , the impetus of a new occupation may be to reconstitute the Haitian Army ( or similar entity ) as a force “ to fight the people . ”
This is the crux of the situation .
Despite all the terror inflicted on Haiti by the United States , particularly the slaughter of thousands by U.S. - armed death squads after each coup , the strongest social and political force in Haiti today is probably the organisations populaires ( OPs ) that are the backbone of Aristide ’s party , Fanmi Lavalas .
Twice last year , after legislative elections that banned Fanmi Lavalas were scheduled , boycotts were organized by the party .
In the April and June polls the abstention rate was reported to be at least 89 percent .
A new occupation of Haiti — the third in the last 16 years — also fits within the U.S. doctrine of rollback in Latin America : support for the coup in Honduras , seven new military bases in Colombia , hostility toward Bolivia and Venezuela .
Related to that , the United States wants to ensure that Haiti will not pose the “ threat of a good example ” by pursuing an independent path , as it tried to do under President Jean - Bertrand Aristide — which is why he was toppled twice , in 1991 and 2004 , in U.S. - backed coups .
SWEATSHOP SOLUTION
In a March 2009 New York Times op - ed , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon outlined his development plan for Haiti , involving lower port fees , “ dramatically expanding the country ’s export zones , ” and emphasizing “ the garment industry and agriculture . ”
Ban ’s neoliberal plan was drawn up by Oxford University economist Paul Collier .
Collier is blunt , writing , “ Due to its poverty and relatively unregulated labor market , Haiti has labor costs that are fully competitive with China . ”
He calls for agricultural exports such as mangoes that involve pushing farmers off the land so they can be employed in garment manufacturing in export - processing zones .
To facilitate these zones Collier says , Haiti and donors need to provide them with private ports and electricity , “ clear and rapid rights to land ; ” outsourced customs ; “ roads , water and sewage ; ” and the involvement of the Clinton Global Initiative to bring in garment manufacturers .
Revealing the connection between neoliberalism and military occupation in Haiti , Collier credits the Brazilian - led United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) with establishing “ credible security , ” but laments that its remaining mandate is “ too short for investor confidence . ”
In fact , MINUSTAH has been involved in numerous massacres in Port - au - Prince slums that are strongholds for Lavalas .
Collier also notes MINUSTAH will cost some $ 5 billion overall ; compare that to the $ 379 million the U.S. government has designated for post - earthquake relief .
Speaking at an October 2009 investors ’ conference in Port - au - Prince that attracted dogooders like Gap , Levi Strauss and Citibank , Bill Clinton claimed a revitalized garment industry could create 100,000 jobs .
Some 200 companies , half of them garment manufacturers , attended the conference , drawn by “ Haiti ’s extremely low labor costs , comparable to those in Bangladesh , ” The New York Times reported .
Those costs are often less than the official daily minimum wage of $ 1.75 .
( The Haitian Parliament approved an increase last May 4 to about $ 5 an hour , but it was opposed by the business elite , and President René Préval refused to sign the bill , effectively killing it .
This episode sparked student protests starting in June of last year , which were repressed by Haitian police and MINUSTAH . )
ROOTS OF REPRESSION
In his work Haiti State Against Nation : The Origins and Legacy of Duvalierism , Michel - Rolph Trouillot writes , “ Haiti ’s first army saw itself as the offspring of the struggle against slavery and colonialism . ”
That changed during the U.S. occupation of Haiti from 1915 to 1934 .
Under the tutelage of the U.S. Marines , “ the Haitian Garde was specifically created to fight against other Haitians .
It received its baptism of fire in combat against its countrymen . ”
This brutal legacy led Aristide to disband the army in 1995 .
Yet prior to the army ’s disbandment , in the wake of the U.S. invasion that returned a politically handcuffed Aristide to the presidency in 1994 , “ CIA agents accompanying U.S. troops began a new recruitment drive ” that included leaders of the death squad known as FRAPH , according to Peter Hallward , author of Damning the Flood : Haiti , Aristide and the Politics of Containment .
It ’s worth recalling how the Clinton administration played a double game under the cover of humanitarian intervention .
Investigative reporter Allan Nairn revealed that in 1993 “ five to ten thousand ” small arms were shipped from Florida , past the U.S. naval blockade , to the coup leaders .
These weapons enabled FRAPH to grow and to terrorize the popular movements .
Then , pointing to intensifying FRAPH violence in 1994 , the Clinton administration pressured Aristide into acquiescing to a U.S. invasion because FRAPH was becoming “ the only game in town . ”
After 20,000 U.S. troops landed in Haiti , they set about protecting FRAPH members , freeing them from jail and refusing to disarm them or seize their weapons caches .
FRAPH leader Emmanual Constant told Nairn that after the invasion the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) was using FRAPH to counter “ subversive activities . ”
Meanwhile , the State Department and CIA went about stacking the Haitian National Police with former army soldiers , many of whom were on the U.S. payroll .
By 1996 , according to one report , Haitian Army and “ FRAPH forces remain armed and present in virtually every community across the country , ” and paramilitaries were “ inciting street violence in an effort to undermine social order . ”
During the early 1990s , a separate group of Haitian soldiers , including Guy Philippe , who led the 2004 coup against Aristide , were spirited away to Ecuador where they allegedly trained at a “ U.S. military facility . ”
Hallward describes the second coup as beginning in 2001 as a “ Contra war ” in the Dominican Republic with Philippe and former FRAPH commander Jodel Chamblain as leaders .
A Democracy Now ! report from April 7 , 2004 , claimed that the U.S. government - funded International Republican Institute provided arms and technical training to the anti-Aristide force in the Dominican Republic , while “ 200 members of the special forces of the United States were there in the area training these so - called rebels . ”
A key component of the campaign against Aristide after he was inaugurated in 2001 was economic destabilization that cut off funding for “ road construction , AIDS programs , water works and health care . ”
Likely factors in the 2004 coup included Aristide ’s public campaign demanding that France repay the money it extorted from Haiti in 1825 for the former slave colony to buy its freedom , estimated in 2003 at $ 21 billion , and his working with Venezuela , Bolivia and Cuba to create alternatives to U.S. economic domination of the region .
When Aristide was finally ousted in February 2004 , another round of slaughter ensued , with 800 bodies dumped in just one week in March .
A 2006 study by the British medical journal Lancet determined that 8,000 people were murdered in the capital region during the first 22 months of the U.S. - backed coup government and 35,000 women and girls were raped or sexually assaulted .
The OPs and Lavalas militants were decimated , in part by a U.N. war against the main Lavalas strongholds in Port - au - Prince ’s neighborhoods of Bel Air and Cité Soleil , the latter a densely packed slum of some 300,000 .
( Hallward claims U.S. Marines were involved in a number of massacres in areas such as Bel Air in 2004 . )
‘ MORE FREE TRADE ’
Less than four months after the 2004 coup , reporter Jane Regan described a draft economic plan , the “ Interim Cooperation Framework , ” which “ calls for more free trade zones ( FTZs ) , stresses tourism and export agriculture and hints at the eventual privatization of the country ’s state enterprises . ”
Regan wrote that the plan was “ drawn up by people nobody elected , ” mainly “ foreign technicians ” and “ institutions like the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) and the World Bank . ”
Much of this plan was implemented under Préval , who announced in 2007 plans to privatize the public telephone company , Téléco .
This plan is now being promoted by Bill Clinton and Ban Ki-moon as Haiti ’s path out of poverty .
The Wall Street Journal touted such achievements as “ 10,000 new garment industry jobs ” in 2009 , a “ luxury hotel complex ” in the upper - crust neighborhood of Pétionville and a $ 55 million investment by Royal Caribbean International at its “ private Haitian beach paradise . ”
Haiti , of course , has been here before , when the USAID spoke of turning it into the “ Taiwan of the Caribbean . ”
In the 1980s , under Jean - Claude “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier , it shifted onethird of cultivated land to export crops while “ there were some 240 multinational corporations , employing between 40,000 and 60,000 predominantly female workers , ” sewing garments , baseballs for Major League Baseball , and Disney merchandise , according to scholar Yasmine Shamsie .
Those jobs , paying as little as 11 cents an hour , coincided with a decline in per capita income and living standards .
( Ban Ki-moon wants Haiti to emulate Bangladesh , where sweatshops pay as little as 6 cents an hour . )
At such low pay , workers had little left after purchasing food and transportation to and from the factories .
These self - contained export - processing zones , often funded by USAID and the World Bank , also add little to the national economy , importing tax free virtually all the materials used .
U.S. - promoted agricultural policies , such as forcing Haitian rice farmers to compete against U.S. - subsidized agribusiness , cost an estimated 830,000 rural jobs according to Oxfam , while exacerbating malnutrition .
This and the decimation of the invaluable Creole pig ( because of fears of an outbreak of African swine fever ) , led to displacement of the peasantry into urban areas , and along with the promise of urban jobs , fueled rural migration into flimsy shantytowns .
It ’s hard not to conclude that these development schemes played a major role in the horrific death toll in Port - au - Prince .
The latest scheme , on hold for now , is a $ 50 million “ industrial park that would house roughly 40 manufacturing facilities and warehouses , ” bankrolled by the Soros Economic Development Fund ( yes , that Soros ) .
The planned location is Cité Soleil .
James Dobbins , former special envoy to Haiti under President Bill Clinton , outlined other measures in a New York Times op - ed : “ This disaster is an opportunity to accelerate oft - delayed reforms ” including “ breaking up or at least reorganizing the government - controlled telephone monopoly .
The same goes with the Education Ministry , the electric company , the Health Ministry and the courts . ”
It ’s clear that the Shock Doctrine is alive and well in Haiti .
But given the strength of the organisations populaires and weakness of the government , it will have to be imposed violently .
For those who wonder why the United States is so obsessed with controlling a country so impoverished , devastated , and seemingly inconsequential as Haiti , Noam Chomsky sums it up best :
“ Why was the U.S. so intent on destroying northern Laos , so poor that peasants hardly even knew they were in Laos ?
Or Indochina ?
Or Guatemala ?
Or Maurice Bishop in Grenada , the nutmeg capital of the world ?
The reasons are about the same , and are explained in the internal record .
These are ‘ viruses ’ that might ‘ infect others ’ with the dangerous idea of pursuing similar paths to independent development .
The smaller and weaker they are , the more dangerous they tend to be .
If they can do it , why ca n ’t we ?
Does the Godfather allow a small storekeeper to get away with not paying protection money ? ”
For more of the Indypendent ‘s coverage of Haiti from the current issue :
“ Beyond Port-au - Prince : Grassroots Women ’s Group Brings Aid to Remote , Hard - Hit Areas of Haiti , ” By Judith De Los Santos , Feb. 19 , 2010
“ Legal Floodgates Open : Undocumented Haitians Now Have Chance to Live , Work Legally in U.S. , ” By Renee Feltz , Feb. 19 , 2010
“ Compassion of the Church : Springing Faith into Action for Haiti , ” By Jaisal Noor , Feb. 19 , 2010
It ’s always good to be able to articulate design choices to your clients ; why you put something where , why you chose the color scheme you did , etc .
This knowledge is one of the biggest differences between a designer and a non-designer .
But there is a lot to remember when it comes to the realm of graphic design – so much so that it ’s pretty much impossible to remember everything from all the theories of graphic design , to web design best practices to Photoshop keyboard shortcuts .
With that in mind , I decided it would be useful to have all of the basics of color theory contained in one place – specifically , a cool infographic - esque poster .
This way , I can quickly reference things that may have slipped to the back of my mind since design school .
The end result is this : The Color Theory Quick Reference Poster for Designers .
* Edit : we now have an Elements of Design Quick Reference Poster as well as a Principles of Design Quick Reference poster too !*
The idea is that this graphic can be either printed out or used as a desktop wallpaper .
During meetings , phone calls , or any other sort of client interaction , you can reference this poster if you need to – either for your own benefit , or to point something out to your client .
The graphic contains info on :
the basic color wheel
passive vs. active colors
cool vs. warm colors
subtractive vs. additive color
color types
color relationships
meanings attached to colors
basic terms pertaining to color
Hopefully this will be as useful to you as I ’m hoping it will be to us here at Paper Leaf .
Here are the various files for download – please share , but do n’t pass off as your own !
Note : if you ’re having issues getting the PDF , right - click and choose “ Save Link As ” .
If you like this , you might like our Elements of Design Quick Reference Poster too !
Enjoy !
The bitter melon fruit grows in tropical and sub-tropical climates Extracts of a fruit grown on tropical vines appears to have breast cancer blocking powers , say researchers .
Scientists found key ingredients of the green and knobbly bitter melon fruit interfered with chemical pathways involved in cancer growth .
It turned off signals telling the breast cancer cells to divide and switched on signals encouraging them to commit suicide .
Experts told Cancer Research journal more trials were needed .
Although promising as an anti-cancer agent , trials in animals and then humans are still needed , study co-author Dr Rajesh Agarwal from the University of Colorado , US , said .
And there is no proof that eating lots of bitter melon would offer any cancer protection , he said .
Many cancer treatments have been developed from plant chemicals , but only after years of thorough research
Jessica Harris of Cancer Research UK
Bitter melon , sometimes called bitter gourd or wild cucumber , is grown in Asia , Africa and South America .
Its extract has been used for many years in folk medicines as a remedy for diabetes and infections .
The latest findings suggest it may have a role in cancer prevention .
The researchers hope , ultimately , the extract could be used as a dietary supplement for breast cancer patients to stop disease recurrence .
Dr Agarwal said : " Breast cancer is a major killer among women around the world , and in that perspective , results from this study are quite significant .
" This study may provide us with one more agent as an extract that could be used against breast cancer if additional studies hold true . "
Jessica Harris of Cancer Research UK said : " Many plant chemicals can kill cancer cells in the lab but very few end up as useful cancer drugs .
" It will take a lot more work and trials in people before we know if this extract could benefit cancer patients or about any unwanted side effects .
" Many cancer treatments have been developed from plant chemicals , but only after years of thorough research . "
" The most up - to - date , reliable evidence shows that drinking less alcohol , being physically active and keeping a healthy weight can reduce the risk of breast cancer . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Though EA CEO John Riccitello already hinted at the news in a financial call with investors last night , LucasArts has officially confirmed that a release date of Spring 2011 is currently being targeted for Bioware ’s MMORPG Star Wars : The Old Republic .
Confirming the news to IncGamers.com , LucasArts made the following statement :
While we have not announced a specific date , we can confirm that we are targeting a spring 2011 release for Star Wars : The Old Republic .
We ’ve got a lot of exciting updates and reveals planned throughout 2010 , including the first - ever hands - on testing for the game .
It ’s not too late to sign up to be a game tester , so go to www.swtor.com/tester and sign up today .
We ca n’t wait to share more about the game with you as we progress through the year , so make sure you stay tuned to the official website for details .
In a conference call held with investors last night , Riccitiello stated that “ one key driver is going to be the launch date of our major MMO .
As it stands today , the game is making great progress towards a spring 2011 launch . ”
Star Wars :
The Old Republic was the only logical ‘ major MMO ’ Riccitiello could have been referring to , as no other MMOs are known to be in production at an EA - owned studio .
Here 's to the crazy one .
The mercurial .
The rebel .
The market maker .
The lucky guy with the new liver .
The one who sees things differently .
He 's not fond of rules and bad typography .
And he has no respect for mediocrity .
Advertisement
The Life of Steve Jobs Steve Jobs ’ death is heartbreaking , but might be the perfect point to take a second and look at the Read more
You can praise him , disagree with him , quote him , disbelieve him , glorify or vilify him .
About the only thing you can't do is ignore him .
Because this guy created the personal computer market , he introduced the first commercial computer with a graphic user interface , was booted from his own company , then came back , saved it from death , reinvented one of the best operating systems on the planet , reinvented the music player , kicked the record companies on the balls , failed to reinvent TV , reinvented the cellphone OS as we know it , got a cancer that means almost - certain death , recovered , and he 's back in business , hopefully for a long time , and trying to change the computing world once again .
Advertisement
He invents .
He sometimes has a very bad temper .
He healed .
He came back .
He created again .
And he keeps inspiring .
Or at least , he inspires me .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Happy 55th birthday , Steve .
For those of you who did n't get the above :
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best - selling author whose new book is " Late Edition : A Love Story . "
( CNN ) --
In houses of worship all across the United States on Sunday , Americans are offering prayers for the people of Haiti , and making donations in the hopes of healing some of the hurt .
Over the weekend , President Barack Obama stood shoulder to shoulder with former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton at the White House , the three of them asking their fellow citizens to join together in benevolence and kindness in the face of wrenching grief .
That 's what Americans do in times of anguish : make an effort to help .
We have seen heartening examples of this since the day the earthquake hit .
Yet there are some who see human suffering only as an opportunity -- as a potential payday .
There are some who look at the faces of the dying and envision people to rob .
" Absolutely , " said Jason Pack , a special agent at the headquarters of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington .
" When a tragedy like this begins to take place , we know there are already people who are registering Internet domain names in anticipation of defrauding those who want to help . "
Pack and I were talking in the wake of an advisory the FBI issued as soon as the extent of the despair in Haiti became evident .
As the pictures of the people in Haiti -- especially the pictures of the children -- were broadcast back to the United States , law enforcement officials understood that precisely because so many Americans would want to help , their compassion itself would become a target for those cold - eyed enough to want to take cynical advantage of it .
The FBI advisory read :
" Past tragedies and natural disasters have prompted individuals with criminal intent to solicit contributions purportedly for charitable organizations and / or a good cause . "
There was a list of precautions to take to lessen the chances of being robbed by fraudulent Internet charities :
Do not respond to unsolicited e-mails asking for donations ; be skeptical of individuals identifying themselves as surviving victims ; do not give personal or financial information to anyone who solicits contributions .
The maddening thing about the necessity of issuing the warning -- law enforcement officials know this , and regret it deeply -- is that the possibility exists that it will discourage people from giving .
And the desperation in Haiti is so great that every dollar is needed .
( A good resource for finding legitimate organizations providing relief in Haiti can be found at CNN.com / Impact . )
We have come , over the years , to sadly realize :
When a natural disaster hits , it reveals both the most noble side of human nature and the most venal .
The first thing that most people think when seeing the agony in Haiti is : How can I help ?
But for others , the first thing they think is :
How can I take advantage of those who want to help ?
For those who would steal , the agony is merely an opening -- an invitation .
The Better Business Bureau 's Wise Giving Alliance issued a warning at about the same time the FBI did : " Whenever there is a major natural disaster , be it home or abroad , there are two things you can count on .
The first is the generosity of Americans to donate time and money to help victims , and the second is the appearance of poorly run and in some cases fraudulent charities . "
Art Taylor , the president and CEO of that organization , told me that expert Internet criminals know how to quickly set up phony Web sites that sound and look like the Web sites of reputable charitable groups .
" The television pictures that are being transmitted from Haiti are devastating , " Taylor said .
" They rock your soul .
And for the people who are intent on using fraud to steal , that 's just what they 're looking for . "
Taylor said he hopes the warning will enable goodhearted Americans to find a balance between caution and compassion .
" I just hope we 're getting the tone correct in what we advise , " he said .
" It 's basically : ' Be careful .
Before you donate , check to be certain you know who you 're donating to . '
We just want people to know that there are those out there who would take advantage of their generosity .
We hope that what we 're saying does n't dampen that generosity . "
It is awful that such advice is even necessary .
But it is .
All through human history there have been those who would rob the most vulnerable among us ; the Internet has only made it seemingly simpler to do .
You may find it unfathomable that anyone would regard the anguish in Haiti as easy money .
It 's like shooting at lifeboats .
" You 're always going to have people looking to make a quick buck , " said the FBI 's Pack .
" But to do it in a situation like this ?
Do n't ask me why someone would do it , because I do n't know . "
Both the law enforcement and the business communities hope that by getting the word out , they not only will help Americans donate their money carefully and make certain the money goes to where it 's intended , but will also discourage online thieves from trying to get away with the theft .
These are rough economic times in the United States .
People who are digging into their pockets to help the wounded and the ill in Haiti are making a sacrifice that is inspiring and worthy of praise .
Which is the worst thing about those who would rob from them .
It is not only a crime against the poor victims in Haiti , and against those who want to ease their pain .
It is a crime against mercy itself .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .
The tech community has n't done much of a job of persuading mainstream Australia that proposed internet censorship laws are a bad idea , despite their potentially crippling effect on freedom of speech , writes Angus Kidman .
Chances are you ’ve never heard of ACTA .
It ’s not something that ’s likely to come up in polite conversation ; it has never been mentioned on Crikey .
Indeed , I ’d suggest the only chance you ’re ACTA - aware is if you have a close personal involvement with somebody who spends a lot of time playing with their PC late at night .
( Yes , that ’s a polite way of saying you ’d probably need to be shagging a geek . )
I know this to be true because I ’m at what ’s undoubtedly the geekiest place in the Southern Hemisphere right now : linux.conf.au 2010 , the annual gathering of Australian Linux enthusiasts .
With commendable broad - mindedness , this year ’s event is actually taking place in Wellington .
Yes , in New Zealand .
You ’ve probably heard of it .
You might just have heard of Linux , the open source operating system favoured by people who know Windows is too unstable and Macs are too expensive .
If you have n’t , just imagine a random mixture of your work IT department , some super - enthusiastic students and some scarily clever people , and a penguin mascot .
There ’s about 700 Linux supporters in Wellington this week , and they know more about technology than you ( or I ) will ever manage .
But back to the main issue .
When ACTA got mentioned during a linux.conf.au keynote presentation by NYU anthropology professor Gabriella Coleman , the audience reaction was instantaneous : much booing and hissing .
This crowd knew that the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement was potentially very bad news .
But that bad news has n’t been passed along much , even though a crucial meeting to decide the future of the proposal will take place next week .
( It ’s on Australia Day and in Mexico , so local news coverage is likely to be slim , I ’d predict . )
The ACTA proposal has been spearheaded by the US government , which apparently does n’t think its existing draconian proposals in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( which Australian copyright law largely mirrors , thanks to the 2004 Free Trade Agreement ) go far enough .
The proposal has been debated at a series of meetings between stakeholders since 2007 , and while confirmed information is fairly scant , earlier leaked documents suggest that as well as covering physical piracy , ACTA will try and enforce copyright in the digital realm , meaning the same kind of ISP - level meddling that ’s associated with current internet censorship proposals in Australia .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has a page about the treaty on its website , which is at pains to emphasise that it ’s not designed to facilitate any of those “ teenager fined millions for downloading song ” headlines , which us geek journalists love .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
“ The participants in ACTA negotiations do not intend for the ACTA to target individuals , the privacy of individuals or the property of individuals where those individuals are not engaged in commercial scale trade in counterfeit and pirate goods , ” it primly notes .
At the rate music sales are plummeting , copying a single track might soon count as commercial - scale trading , but I digress .
What DFAT does n’t discuss at all is the highly secretive nature of the treaty process , something Coleman made much of in her presentation .
As she pointed out , a prolonged legal campaign by the Electronic Freedom Foundation in the US did eventually result in 159 pages of documents associated with the treaty being released — but only after 1362 had been deemed as potentially violating “ national security ” and withheld .
Open government seems to be playing second fiddle to the demands of the IP protection crowd , which counts deep - pocketed software makers and movie studios among its most verbal supporters .
Third - world countries are conspicuously absent from the discussion .
For what it ’s worth , Coleman — who has spent years observing geeks in their natural habitat , arguing with each other via various internet media — is n’t entirely convinced that ACTA spells inevitable doom , assuming its provisions do eventually pass into law .
“ We should feel optimistic about the current state of affairs , because never before have there existed such profound and robust alternatives to the global tangle of IP provisions , ” she said .
The “ alternatives ” she ’s referring to are principally open source software such as Linux , which is maintained by volunteers and can be altered and adopted by anyone , and the associated “ copyleft ” movement , which has given rise to phenomena such as Wikipedia
I wish I shared her optimism .
I also wish that the geek community could do a better job of conveying the importance of these issues to the rest of the world .
It ’s all very well sitting booing and hissing , but in a room full of Linux lovers , the message is only being spread to the converted .
So far , the tech community has n’t done much of a job of persuading mainstream Australia that proposed internet censorship laws are a bad idea , despite their potentially crippling effect on freedom of speech .
Given that background , the odds of anyone else ever hissing at the mere mention of ACTA — which could pose just as great a threat — seem very low indeed .
Angus Kidman is a freelance journalist specialising in fairly geeky topics and editor of Lifehacker Australia .
buf_it : Buffer list in statusline
script karma Rating 37 / 14 , Downloaded by 1287 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by su su script type utility description Buffer list in statusline
Use
alt + num to change buf
< leader > num to split buf
alt + [ alt -]
Show next part list If too much buf .
, bo close other bufs .
install details rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes buf_it.vim v2.0 2011-09-15 7.0 su su chang buf Idx buf_it.vim v3.0 2011-09-05 7.0 su su chang shotkey buf_it.vim 1.4 2010-09-16 7.0 su su x ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Welcome to the start of our coverage of Stern 's next game - Big Buck Hunter Pro .
Today we bring you the following reports :
Click here - for the first pictures of the game
Click here - for first pictures from the test location
Click here - for more pictures from the test location
Click here - for Stern Pinball 's press release about the game
Click here - for part one of our in - depth review of Big Buck Hunter Pro
click here - for the print / low bandwidth version with smaller images
Click here - for part two of our in - depth review of Big Buck Hunter Pro
click here - for the print / low bandwidth version with smaller images
Our coverage of Big Buck Hunter Pro is now complete .
Back to the games page
Back to the front page
© Pinball News 2010
Six months after graduating from university , Guan Jian was unemployed and living in an 8 - by - 8 - foot rented room on the fringes of this sprawling capital .
His quarters were so hastily built that the landlord did n’t bother to include a bathroom .
When duty calls , Guan must trudge to the neighborhood toilet .
Yet at $ 65 a month , it ’s all he can afford .
Money is so tight at times that he has learned to suppress his hunger with a single steamed bun a day .
This was n’t how things were supposed to be for Guan , a 24 - year - old broadcast journalism graduate who sports an easy smile and has a love affair with foreign film .
A native of China ’s northeastern Rust Belt and the first in his family to earn a college degree , Guan thought opportunities would come more easily .
Instead , he is one of an estimated 3 million jobless or underemployed college graduates in China , products of a mass social experiment by central planners to churn out more professionals for China ’s economic development .
Nicknamed the Ant Tribe , after the title of a recent book documenting their struggles , they now constitute a vast army of educated young people whose growing restlessness worries the Chinese government .
“ They represent the pain and confusion of a whole generation , ” wrote author Lian Si , a sociologist who spent two years living with and researching the graduates .
“ When all their anger and grievances reach a critical point , a special event could trigger a large - scale mass movement . ”
Recognizing the potential threat , Beijing is urging state - run companies to put college graduates on their payrolls , and it ’s encouraging degree holders to work in the countryside .
Others are being steered into the military .
State media have reported female graduates seeking marriage just end their fruitless job hunt .
The ants ’ story began a little over a decade ago , in 1999 , when the Chinese government launched an ambitious plan to boost university enrollment by 30 % annually .
At the time , the country ’s factories were suffering from the Asian financial crisis .
Planners believed a rise in college rolls would help China transition from a largely export - driven , low - wage manufacturing economy to a more balanced one populated by upwardly mobile white - collar workers .
Undergraduate enrollment quintupled to 20 million students by 2008 ; last year 6.1 million Chinese earned diplomas , up from 1 million in 1999 .
But it soon became clear there were n’t enough suitable jobs for these freshly minted graduates .
Beijing has slashed college enrollment growth to 5 % annually .
“ Everyone ’s realized the government has failed to create enough jobs , ” said Su Hong , 23 .
The sociology graduate was one of 1 million Chinese who took a civil service exam in December to compete for 15,000 openings .
“ People ’s expectations for employment are getting lower and lower , ” she said .
For journalism grad Guan , a college degree was supposed to be a leg up from his working - class roots in Fushun , an industrial city best known for its gigantic open - pit coal mine .
After graduating last year from Bohai University in his home province of Liaoning , a region better known to Westerners as Manchuria , Guan headed for Beijing .
He was one of thousands to apply for work at a television station .
He made it to the final round of six .
Two were chosen , but not he .
Shrugging off the rejection , he joined three college buddies living in a cheap neighborhood called Fuyuanmen , or Gate of Fortune and Destiny , in a far - northwest section of the capital .
Homeowners there , sensing the demand for affordable rentals , started putting additions on their square , gray - brick houses .
Guan ’s landlord purchased two prefabricated metal shelters , the type used to house migrant Chinese laborers on construction sites , and attached them to his roof .
He then subdivided them like rabbit hutches to create four cramped rooms , each about the size of a typical American bathroom .
To reach his room , Guan must climb a steep , steel staircase to the roof , which doubles as a patio .
The four friends share one sink and cook on an electric hot plate covered with a waxy layer of grease .
The quarters are often chilly , but Guan ’s Manchurian roots have toughened him to Beijing ’s frosty winters .
Guan has done what he can to enliven his surroundings .
He laid interlocking colored foam tiles on the floor to act as a carpet .
He hung a $ 1 poster of a lighthouse .
His girlfriend visited from Liaoning province and affixed cartoon monkey stickers to the tatty walls .
She gave him a teddy bear in denim overalls .
It sleeps with Guan under his Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck bed sheets .
Nearby is an empty cookie box where he stores his DVDs .
One of his favorites is Michelangelo Antonioni ’s 1966 classic “ Blow - Up . ”
Despite the cramped and dirty conditions , Guan is stoic .
“ The bathroom situation is inconvenient , ” he admitted .
But “ Chinese people are used to small spaces .
My friends say my room is cozy . ”
He speaks to his parents several times a week but has provided few details about his squalid home .
He tells them he ’s living comfortably and asks them not to send too much money .
Guan found a couple of short - term gigs , but nothing well - paid or satisfying .
Still , he would not waver from his goal of a job in television .
He had invested too much and it was too soon to give up .
On occasion , he would show up at prospective employers ’ offices unannounced .
Some would talk to him .
Others angrily asked how he got their address .
He felt he had to try harder because he lacked the family or political connections so central to advancement in Chinese society .
Then in early January , a friend told him to meet with a producer at a state television movie channel .
A 30 - minute interview went smoothly .
The producer asked Guan for his favorite film .
He said “ The Shawshank Redemption . ”
The producer recommended that Guan study classic Chinese film .
A week later , after poring over the history of Chinese cinema on the Internet , Guan got a callback .
The channel wanted to hire him , but only for an internship paying just a few hundred dollars a month .
With no other options , Guan agreed .
“ Mentally , this is the job I want .
But materially it ’s not , ” Guan said .
“ I ’ll have to see if I can make it work . ”
david.pierson@latimes.com
Nicole Liu and Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
The labor movement showed this week that when it comes to fighting for what it sees as the vital concerns of workers it ’s willing to challenge important allies , up to and including the president of the United States .
Last week the Republicans filibustered and effectively killed President Obama ’s nomination of Craig Becker , a long - time pro-labor lawyer , to the National Labor Relations Board .
They did this despite the support Becker had from the majority .
The GOP continued to stall on approving the appointment of Mark Pearce , another labor lawyer Obama nominated last July .
Labor sees the appointments as important because it ’s the job of the NLRB to protect workers ’ rights and for more than two years the board has had only two members instead of the required five .
The vacancies have been used as an excuse by employers to get court orders , which have prevented the NLRB from functioning and enforcing labor law .
In a deal between the White House and the Senate Republican minority , the Senate last Friday confirmed 27 non-controversial Obama appointees .
The NLRB nominees , Becker and Pearce , both of whom are widely seen as well - qualified and respected , were left out of the deal .
The deal was that President Obama would not use his executive power to put Becker and Pearce in place via Presidents Day recess appointments .
The president can make such appointments temporarily when Congress is out of session .
In describing the deal AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka said it was a big win for the Republicans .
“ A big win for corporations that want to file down the teeth of the NLRB .
A big loss for working people , ” he said .
Trumka called upon labor ’s supporters to act quickly to voice their support for a fully functional NLRB .
“ Progressives should take every opportunity to let their congressional representatives and the White House know that protection of workers ’ rights is one of the first and most important changes working people expected to see when they voted in 2008 , ” he said .
“ It ’s been 13 months since the inauguration – it ’s time . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/ / CC BY 2.0
This is part 4 of an excellent series of articles on the denialist agenda by Clive Hamilton .
Here , Clive outlines how ludicrous the claims are about the IPCC made by hack journalists such as Jonathan Leake ( The Sunday Times ) .
As to someone who has participated in the IPCC process , Clive ’s account is accurate and Leake ’s horribly twisted .
It ’s just a pity that much of the world ’s media is so horribly gullible or complicit .
Surely there are mechanisms that we should be using to combat this deceit ?
Clive Hamilton , ABC Unleashed .
Although sceptics have been gnawing away at the credibility of climate science for years , over the last five months they have made enormous leaps owing to the hacking of emails from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia and the discovery of a number of alleged mistakes in the benchmark reports of the IPCC .
While the “ revelations ” have been milked for all they are worth , and a lot more , the science remains rock solid .
If instead of cherry - picking two or three that lend themselves to spin , you read the 1000 or so emails that were posted on a Russian server the picture that emerges is one of an enormously dedicated group of men and women doing their best to carry out research of the highest quality .
If there were a conspiracy among scientists to manipulate the truth , you would expect the evidence to be there in spades in these private emails .
But it ’s not .
Instead they show scientists working their backsides off to do good science , with email exchanges stopping briefly on Christmas Eve to be resumed on Boxing Day , with apologies to colleagues for taking time out to have surgery or get married , all with a sub - text of worry about the implications of their work for the future of humanity .
Rather than cover-ups , we read private emails from one scientist to Phil Jones , the CRU head who has been forced to step down pending an inquiry , saying he has been watching the sceptics blogs and , anticipating misrepresentation , says “ this last aspect needs to be tackled more candidly in AR4 than in the SOD , and we need to discuss how to do this ” .
Others show them bending over backwards to be open .
Before the leak of the CRU emails , one colleague emailed others in response to attacks by sceptics on Phil Jones :
“ The sad thing here is that Phil Jones is one of the true gentlemen of our field .
I have known Phil for most of my scientific career .
He is the antithesis of the secretive , “ data destroying ” character the CEI and Michaels are trying to portray to the outside world . ”
And the emails reveal the enormous external pressure they were under .
They show they were constantly accused of being frauds and cheats ; their work was twisted and misrepresented ; and they were bombarded with vexatious freedom of information requestsorchestrated by denialists .
In short , they were caught up in a hot political debate that they did not really understand or want to be part of , yet they were the target of savvy , secretive and ruthless organisations ready to pounce on anything they said or wrote .
This is the real story exposed of “ Climategate ” .
Instead , the scientists in question have seen their professional reputations trashed in the world ’s media for no cause , to the point where Phil Jones has been on the verge of suicide .
It has been the most egregious and unfounded attack on the integrity of a profession we have ever seen .
Yet the science remains rock solid
Since the leaking of the CRU emails the worldwide press have reported a series of “ mistakes ” in the IPCC reports that have allowed the denial lobby to claim that the entire IPCC process and the body of climate science should be junked .
It turns out that almost all of the mistakes are fabrications .
How could this have happened ?
The first and only significant error identified in the IPCC report is the claim that 80 per cent of Himalayan glaciers are very likely to disappear by 2035 .
This was a serious mistake for a scientific report that should not have got through the review process .
But let ’s be very clear about its significance :
The error occurred in Volume 2 of the Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) , the volume on the impacts of climate change .
Volume 1 reports and assesses the physical basis for climate science , including projections of warming .
Chapter 4 contains an extensive discussion of glaciers , snow and ice .
Projections for glaciers are also discussed in Chapter 10 .
No one has challenged any of the statements in these chapters , prepared by teams including the world ’s leading glaciologists , which carefully lay out what is known .
The erroneous “ 2035 ” claim was nowhere highlighted by the IPCC .
It appeared neither in the chapter summary , the report summary or the crucial Summary for Policymakers .
In no sense was it a central claim of the IPCC report , as some newspapers have said .
It was a glaring error that should have been picked up earlier , but it was so deeply buried in the report that denialists around the world , with all of their supposed scientific expertise , did not pick it up for two years .
In fact , they did not pick it up at all ; it was first pointed out by Georg Kaser and others .
Kaser is an eminent glacier expert who was a lead author of Chapter 4 in Volume 1 .
Although mistakes like this one should not occur , to suggest that it has any bearing on the credibility of the science of AR4 is absurd .
The more remarkable fact is that so few errors have been identified in AR4 , and none at all in the crucial Volume 1 which sets out the physical basis for climate change .
On page 493 of Volume 2 , where the “ 2035 ” mistake occurs , I count 20 factual claims that are falsifiable .
Multiply that by the 3,000 or so pages in AR4 and you can see how utterly trivial that single mistake is .
But have n’t many more mistakes been found in AR4 ?
No .
The only other claimed error that has any substance is the statement that “ 55 % of its [ the Netherlands ] territory is below sea-level ” .
This figure was supplied by the Dutch Government .
It is slightly misleading because the correct statement is that 55 % per cent of the Netherlands is at risk of flooding , although the Dutch Ministry of Transport says that 60 % of the country is below the high water level .
The confusion may have implications for the Netherlands ’ dike planning but has no bearing whatever on the science of climate change .
There are three additional “ errors ” in AR4 that have attracted press attention and sparked denialist frenzies .
They are analysed on the Realclimate website .
“ Africagate ” refers to the claim that AR4 overstated the potential decline in crop yields in Africa .
The figures in AR4 have since been shown to be an accurate assessment .
“ Disastergate ” is the allegation that the IPCC erroneously attributed some of the rising costs of disasters to climate change .
In fact , the section in question is hedged around with caution and the expert whose work was said to be misused by the IPCC has declared that the IPCC has fairly represented his findings .
“ Amazongate ” , a story that opened with the claim : “ A startling report by the United Nations climate watchdog that global warming might wipe out 40 % of the Amazon rainforest was based on an unsubstantiated claim by green campaigners who had little scientific expertise ” .
The story is plain wrong , with the expert on whose work the IPCC relied stating that the information is correct , although the referencing is incomplete .
Apart from the fact that these three “ gates ” are beat - ups with no basis in their criticism of the IPCC , they have one feature in common – the stories were all written by Jonathan Leake , science and environment editor of The Sunday Times .
Leake has close links with deniers and in fact based these stories directly on wild and unsubstantiated claims by sceptic bloggers , as uncovered by Tim Holmes .
In the case of Amazongate , Leake had been informed by another expert that , while the referencing was inadequate , the claim in AR4 is correct and , if anything , an understatement .
But Leake disregarded this and quoted that same expert in his story to exactly the reverse effect , as if he were a severe critic of the IPCC .
On the role of Leake I can do no better than quote Tim Holmes :
“ While it is wholly unsurprising that the denial lobby should be attempting to push baseless and misleading stories to the press , what is surprising is the press ’s willingness to swallow them .
In this case , two experts in the relevant field told a Times journalist explicitly that , in spite of a minor referencing error , the IPCC had got its facts right .
That journalist simply ignored them .
Instead , he deliberately put out the opposite line – one fed to him by a prominent climate change denier – as fact .
The implications are deeply disturbing , not only for our prospects of tackling climate change , but for basic standards of honesty and integrity in journalism . ”
Leake ’s stories have been reproduced in the other Murdoch broadsheets , The Australianand the Wall Street Journal and of course have been amplified on Fox News , and are themselves now being referred to as “ Leakegate ” .
Bloggers and columnists , who attack climate science without ever opening an IPCC report or speaking to a real climate scientists , imagine that the body of climate science is a house of cards , and taking away one or two will cause it to collapse .
In fact the scientific case for global warming is like a mountain built up by adding one rock at a time over many years .
Even if all of the alleged errors were true it would amount to picking off a handful of rocks from the top of the mountain , leaving the rest unchanged and unmoved .
Yet these alleged mistakes – non-existent or trivial – with no implications whatever for the robustness of climate science have been deployed in a sophisticated campaign to blacken the reputations of the scientists responsible for alerting us to the perils of global warming .
Perception versus reality
Unfortunately , the chorus of declarations that the climate scientists got it wrong has had no impact on the earth ’s climate .
Indeed , those who study the climate itself rather than the bogus debate in the newspapers and the blogosphere understand that climate science and popular perceptions of climate science are diverging rapidly , not least because the news on the former is getting worse .
Soon after AR4 appeared in early 2007 , those familiar with the science began to say that as a result of the consensus process and the natural caution of scientists , the Fourth Assessment Report had seriously understated the risks from climate change , particularly in its selection of scenarios and its estimates of likely sea - level rise .
Rather than rehearse the evidence for these warnings , well known to those who follow the science , let me make mention of a number of developments in climate science that have been published or reported in the five months since the leaking of the Climategate emails .
It is evidence that warming is more alarming than previously thought yet which has been buried in the avalanche of confected stories claiming that climate scientists have exaggerated .
Many Republicans and conservatives seem surprised that Rep. Ron Paul overwhelmingly won the Conservative Political Action Conference presidential straw poll .
Why ?
What is hard to believe about freedom ?
About getting out of endless , unconstitutional , undeclared wars , about removing ourselves from 140 countries we have military bases in ?
About minding our own business ?
About ending the private Federal Reserve banking cartel and returning our currency and money policy back to Congress as the Constitution requires and where we can do something about those who attempt to cheat and steal from us ?
What 's wrong with demanding fiscal responsibility and self - reliance of ourselves ?
What is wrong with a small government that leaves all of us alone , does n't tell us how to live and what we can and cannot teach our children ?
What 's wrong with living with a government that does n't tax us to death and even after death ?
The fact is , freedom is popular !
Living your life as you choose as long as it does n't interfere with others is what America is supposed to be all about .
So why the surprise that Ron Paul would win a conservative straw poll when he stands for all of these things as a true conservative would ?
JIM PAULSON , FARMINGTON
LONDON ( Reuters ) - MPs accused bosses at Rupert Murdoch ’s top- selling British tabloid on Wednesday of suffering “ collective amnesia ” over illegal hacking of phone messages meant for royalty and other celebrities .
Clive Goodman , suspended News of The World royal correspondent arrives at the City of Westminster Magistrates Court in central London August 16 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Alessia Pierdomenico
A parliamentary committee on media said in a report it was “ inconceivable ” that managers at the News of the World did not know about the practice , which the MPs said was more widespread than the Sunday newspaper had previously admitted .
News International , the British arm of Murdoch ’s News Corp. which publishes the News of the World , rejected the claims and accused the committee of bias against it .
“ The reaction of the committee to its failure to find any new evidence has been to make claims of ‘ collective amnesia ’ , deliberate obfuscation and concealment of the truth , ” it said .
In 2007 , Clive Goodman , who reported on the royal family for the paper , was jailed for four months after writing stories based on phone taps of royal aides carried out by a private detective .
News International has always maintained that Goodman acted without the knowledge of senior editors and his actions had been an isolated incident .
But the cross-party parliamentary committee said in its report : “ The evidence , we find , makes it inconceivable that no - one else at the News of the World , bar Mr Goodman , was aware of the activities . ”
Last July , the Guardian newspaper said News of the World reporters , with the knowledge of senior staff , had illegally accessed messages from the mobile phones of thousands of celebrities and politicians .
Tabloids are in fierce competition for scoops on sex and show business scandals .
Actors Jude Law and Gwyneth Paltrow , Australian model Elle Macpherson and former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott were among those targeted , the Guardian said .
It also said News International had paid 1 million pounds to settle complaints by three victims .
NO PROOF
The Press Complaints Commission watchdog said in November it had found no proof to support the Guardian story that the practice of hacking was widespread at the News of the World , and the police said they would not reopen their investigation .
However , the parliamentary committee said the number of people affected was certainly more than the handful named by police and the paper .
“ We were very concerned at evidence which has emerged suggesting that the phone hacking which took place at the News of the World around five years ago was not just limited to one rogue reporter , ” said committee chairman John Whittingdale , a member of the Conservative party .
“ We were also concerned at the reluctance of witnesses from News International to provide the detailed information that we sought and the collective amnesia that afflicted them , ” he said in a statement accompanying the report .
Andy Coulson , a former News of the World editor now advising the Conservative Party , resigned in the wake of the Goodman affair in 2005 , saying he had no knowledge of the phone tapping but took ultimate responsibility .
The committee said it had seen no evidence that Coulson himself knew what was happening but agreed he was right to quit .
A series of events appears to be unfolding in the UK that provide for a serial story .
As they say in the news biz “ it has legs ” .
Two more stories have emerged from the Guardian by Fred Pearce .
They read like Climate Audit narratives rather than Guardian stories we ’ve come to know in the past .
In fact , Climate Audit is heavily cited , a first that I can recall .
Here are the two headlines :
and this one ….
The Guardian is keeping up the pressure on UEA / CRU and Dr. Jones .
It ’s almost like a “ death spiral ” to borrow a phrase from Dr. Mark Serreze of NSIDC .
I would not be surprised if resignations are being considered .
h/t to Dr. Richard North of the EU Referendum for links
UPDATE : It appears that the Guardian reporter has tipped his hand .
WUWT commenter “ dodgy geezer ” writes :
… note this comment from the Guardian , explaining why they seem to be addressing the skeptical line for the first time .
It seems they are building the story into a big ‘ disproof ’ of the skeptical position .
Find it at :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/feb/03/yamal-data-climate-change-hacked-email?showallcomments=true#end-of-comments
………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Question –
What is the purpose for publishing all these articles by Fred Pearce ?
Many thanks for your comments and questions .
The fall - out from the hacked UEA emails is the hottest story in climate science at the moment and a lot of claims about what they tell us have been flying around since they were made public in November .
The Guardian ’s editorial line is that global warming is happening and caused by human actions , but that does not mean we are blind to contradictory evidence .
It would be remiss of us journalistically to ignore a story like this where the actions of leading scientists are being seriously called into question .
We asked Fred to do a thorough investigation into some of the unanswered questions .
Is there evidence in the emails of data manipulation ?
Is there evidence of abuse of peer review and FOI ?
Is there evidence of “ hiding ” temperature declines ?
Is there evidence of fraud and conspiracy ?
etc etc
The answer to most of these questions turned out to be no .
But it would be wrong of us not to have asked them .
The aim of this investigation ( which continues tomorrow ) was to produce a more nuanced account of what went on behind the scenes of climate science than has appeared elsewhere .
Some of it is not pretty , but significantly , the science of global warming has not been seriously challenged .
J Randerson ………………………………………………………………………………………………………… .
It may be that Jones will be made the sacrifice for the FoI transgressions , so that they can get the bus back on the road .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
In the aftermath of a military coup last March , Madagascar ’s rainforests have been pillaged for precious hardwoods , including rosewood and ebony .
Tens of thousands of hectares have been affected , including some of the island ’s most biologically diverse national parks : Marojejy , Masoala , and Makira .
Illegal logging has also spurred the rise of a commercial bushmeat trade .
Hunters are now slaughtering rare and gentle lemurs for restaurants .
Furthermore , armed gangs marauding through national parks have hurt tourism , a critical source of direct and indirect income for many Malagasy , as the people of Madagascar are known .
Rosewood traders have intimidated , and in some cases even beaten , those who have attempted to stop the plunder .
Conservation NGOs operating in affected areas have been rendered impotent because the ruling “ transition authority ” — made up of the coup leaders — is now taking an active role in the logging , possibly as a means to finance upcoming elections they hope will legitimize their power grab .
To this end , Andry Rajoelina , the head of the transition authority , recently authorized the export of rosewood logs , a traffic previously banned .
This triggered a frenzy of logging that has gone underreported due to the regime ’s crackdown on the press .
The perceived illegitimacy of the Rajoelina regime had led foreign donors to suspend most aid to the country , undercutting environmental protection programs and law enforcement .
The situation is dire .
Since the coup there has been an upswing in commercial poaching of lemurs .
Lemurs are increasingly butchered for novelty dishes , rather than subsistence .
International uproar driven by international media attention and a campaign organized by Ecological Internet , an activist group , has managed to shut down rosewood exports since December 3 of last year by pressuring shipping companies , but stockpiles continue to build with loggers emboldened by Rajoelina ’s export authorization order .
Traders are confident that if they wait long enough , they will eventually be able to ship the contraband timber .
To date there seem to be few options in addressing the logging crisis .
The entities that would normally step in are unable or unwilling to do so : local NGOs and communities are powerless in the face of violence and government opposition , international NGOs ( with the exception of the Missouri Botanical Garden ) fear jeopardizing their projects by taking a stand , donor governments and agencies refuse to support the unelected Rajoelina , and the transition authority is complicit .
Is there a solution ?
I do n’t know if there is , but here is an idea : an absolute moratorium on logging combined with amnesty from prosecution for traders and a reforestation program funded by sales of illegally logged timber .
The moratorium would be effective immediately with violations punishable by a long prison sentence .
Any rosewood logs currently awaiting shipment in Vohemar , Tamatave , and other specified towns would be marked with a counterfeit - proof code ( required for export clearance ) and recorded in a digital tracking system .
The logs would be auctioned via a transparent market system — the price and the log code would be recorded and publicly available .
Rosewood logs .
Precious hardwood logs are tied together with lianas and floated down rivers on rafts made from lighter species as trees .
5 - 6 lighter logs are needed to float each rosewood log , exacerbating the impact of rosewood extraction .
Revenue from the sales would be divided under a pre-defined system .
The trader , who was engaged in an illegal activity but would win amnesty from prosecution for prior logging - related crimes , would get the smallest take : perhaps 1 - 3 percent of the sale price of around $ 1,300 for a log of average size .
A larger proportion ( perhaps 7 - 9 percent ) would be set aside for administration of the program , while the reminder would be put into a trust fund split between environmental law enforcement and reforestation with native species .
Both activities would provide job opportunities for local communities .
Payments should be structured to last for a minimum of 20 years to ensure sustainability .
For tree - planting outside protected areas could be additional income generated from sustainable forest management ( after 20 years ) or payments for forest carbon , provided such a system emerges under an eventual global climate framework .
Transparency would be essential and there would need to be severe penalties for cheating .
Logs delivered after the amnesty date would be confiscated ( with proceeds going to communities ) and the trader arrested .
The beauty of such a program is that it would simultaneously help restore Madagascar ’s forests — the basis for ecotourism — and compensate people in local communities who have suffered most from illegal logging .
Furthermore , the process could be designed in a way to be apolitical , in that it would be self - funded and independent of whatever regime is in power .
But politicians would still benefit from their seeming magnanimity , which would enable them to claim one small area of progress in what has otherwise been a disastrous year for the Malagasy people .
Analysts in Europe and the United States are using high resolution satellite imagery to identify and track shipments of timber illegally logged from rainforest parks in Madagascar .
The images could be used to help prosecute traders involved in trafficking and put pressure on companies using rosewood sourced from Madagascar .
These GeoEye Satellite images from December 2 of Antalaha identify several timber depots .
The four close - ups with a radius of 100 m show rosewood stacks .
Peter Raven , Pete Lowry , and others at the Missouri Botanical Garden have been working with Clinton Jenkins of the University of Maryland to prepare and analyze images from the GeoEye - 1 satellite .
The Missouri Botanical Garden is one of the only major Western NGOs working to address the logging crisis in Madagascar .
Yes the challenges of setting up an integrated moratorium - conservation - amnesty - reforestation ( MCAR ) program are daunting .
It would require governance , which presently non-existent in northeastern Madagascar ; deal - making with the current regime ; and careful execution to ensure it does not exacerbate the situation by creating perverse incentives for logging .
MCAR would also require a credible monitoring and verification system to establish what logs qualify .
Perhaps this effort could be initially supported by high - resolution GeoEye satellite imagery , acquisition and analysis of which could be funded by the large international NGOs that have been raising money for Madagascar but failing to put it to use effectively in stopping the logging crisis .
Corruption would remain a great concern but could be tempered by controls to ensure transparency .
Overall , the benefits of using illegally logged timber to finance community - based restoration of forests in northeastern Madagascar potentially outweighs the alternative of allowing the timber to be exported at immense profit to criminal syndicates , politicians , and business elites .
While Madagascar was long known as a graveyard for grand ideas , progress in the past decade has offered hope .
In that time Madagascar went from the pariah of conservation to a model .
There ’s reason to believe history can be repeated .
An alternative proposal : the rosewood counterpart fund An inspiration for this commentary was a paper , A forest counterpart fund : Madagascar ’s wounded forests can erase the debt owed to them while securing their future , with support from the citizens of Madagascar , published by Lucienne Wilmé , Derek Schuurman , and Porter P. Lowry II .
The authors argue for a forest counterpart fund that would be used to underwrite “ charitable works to compensate for the damages and losses inflicted on the victims of the illegal exploitation of precious woods . ”
Schuurman told mongabay.com that “ Madagascar has a fair history with regards ‘ counterpart funds ’ such as that proposed in the paper , and the process could be organized with local expertize drawn on in - country . ”
The paper , which gives background on the rosewood trade , will be published by Lemur News .
Satellites being used to track illegal logging , rosewood trafficking in Madagascar
( 01/28/2010 ) Analysts in Europe and the United States are using high resolution satellite imagery to identify and track shipments of timber illegally logged from rainforest parks in Madagascar .
The images could be used to help prosecute traders involved in trafficking and put pressure on companies using rosewood from Madagascar .
Coup leaders sell out Madagascar ’s forests , people
( 01/27/2010 ) Madagascar is renowned for its biological richness .
Located off the eastern coast of southern Africa and slightly larger than California , the island has an eclectic collection of plants and animals , more than 80 percent of which are found nowhere else in the world .
But Madagascar ’s biological bounty has been under siege for nearly a year in the aftermath of a political crisis which saw its president chased into exile at gunpoint ; a collapse in its civil service , including its park management system ; and evaporation of donor funds which provide half the government ’s annual budget .
In the absence of governance , organized gangs ransacked the island ’s biological treasures , including precious hardwoods and endangered lemurs from protected rainforests , and frightened away tourists , who provide a critical economic incentive for conservation .
Now , as the coup leaders take an increasingly active role in the plunder as a means to finance an upcoming election they hope will legitimize their power grab , the question becomes whether Madagascar ’s once highly regarded conservation system can be restored and maintained .
World Bank , European governments finance illegal timber exports from Madagascar
( 01/11/2010 ) While Madagascar ’s current government has drawn sharp criticism from the international community for its failure to prevent the environmental destruction of recent months , France , Holland , Morocco , and the World Bank have all been implicated in financing illegal logging operations in Madagascar ’s national parks over the past year .
Even as foreign governments condemned the surge in illegal logging last year , many–either directly or through institutions they support–are shareholders in the very banks that have financed the export of illegal lumber from Madagascar ’s SAVA region .
The Bank of Africa Madagascar , for instance , is part owned by Proparco , a subsidiary of the Agence Française du Développement , as well as the World Bank ’s International Finance Corporation , Dutch development bank FMO , and the Banque Marocaine du Commerce Extérieur .
Société Générale and Crédit Lyonnais , both part - owned by the French government , have also provided loans to illegal timber traders .
Major international banks , shipping companies , and consumers play key role in Madagascar ’s logging crisis
( 12/16/2009 )
In the midst of cyclone season , a ‘ dead ’ period for tourism to Madagascar ’s east coast , Vohémar , a sleepy town dominated by the vanilla trade , is abuzz .
Vanilla prices have scarcely been lower , but the hotels are full and the port is busy .
“ This afternoon , it was like a 4 wheel drive show in front of the Direction Regionale des Eaux & Forets , ” one source wrote in an email on November 29th : “ Many new 4×4 , latest model , new plane at the airport , Chinese everywhere . ”
Work on porting KJots to Akonadi started a long time ago ( around summer 2008 ! ) , and that effort is reaching a milestone this week .
The ported version of KJots has been merged into trunk for the next release of the KDE Software Compilation where work will continue on it to refine features and fix bugs .
KJots Plasma Widget KJots Plasma Widget
Since development started on the 4th series of the KDE Software Compilation , many developers started to investigate the newest frameworks in KDE and how they could be used to integrate better and to use the new features they promised .
KJots was no exception .
Plasma promised a simplified pop-up version of KJots on the desktop , so that notes in the structure could be accessed in it just as easily as Klipper .
Nepomuk promised the possibility of organizing notes by tag and semantic analysis of the note contents .
Akonadi promised a way to access notes stored in another location , such as a remote FTP server , or a mobile phone , and enables the simultaneous access by the KJots main application and the plasmoid .
There was some early progress , but eventually it seemed that Akonadi did n't yet have all of the features needed to use it for KJots .
After more development and several new releases , the KDE PIM Development platform has reached a state where it is ready to be used as the basis for KJots .
The main result of that has been additions in the area of model view to Akonadi , benefiting not just KJots , but all KDE PIM applications .
The tag tree in KJots The tag tree in KJots
A nice feature which comes for free now with Akonadi is Nepomuk integration .
Organizing notes by tag is now trivial .
There are missing pieces though , such as a UI in KJots for adding and removing tags .
Note that it is possible , and in some cases sensible , to have one note appear multiple times in the application in different tags .
Of course , because the data of the note is shared , the content appears to the user to be synchronized .
It will be an interesting exercise to figure out how to get the best of both worlds in organizing notes in a traditional tree structure , as is currently possible , and organizing them by tag .
Possibly in the same application , possibly not .
With Akonadi , because so much of the code can be shared , it matters less if someone wants to use a different application than KJots to manage Akonadi notes .
Of course , another application would have to be written , but it and KJots would share the same notes in the same way that plasmoids can share the same notes with KJots .
KJots with a basic plain theme KJots with a basic plain theme
With the integration of theming using Grantlee , the appearance of KJots becomes much more customizable .
Users and theme creators can have full control over the appearance of rendered books in KJots .
In the example below , the theme is updated with a summary from each page and a little bit of extra colour .
Artistic abilities notwithstanding , it does show how dynamic the displayed content can be .
Because the storage format for notes in Akonadi is identical to email , it may be possible in the future to use features typically used for email handling , and apply those features to notes .
For example , a note could be encrypted just like an email and stored on a remote Kolab server .
Multiple users with a shared encryption key could potentially collaborate securely on the same notes in almost real - time .
With the release of the KDE Development Platform 4.4 , much of the shared libraries making an Akonadi port of KJots possible are in place .
When version 4.5 the KDE Application Suite is released in July 2010 , KJots will depend on Akonadi and reap all of the benefits described above and some of the features .
There may of course be some feature regressions and new bugs appearing when old ones are closed , but that is natural when porting an application to such new and innovative technologies as Akonadi , Nepomuk and Plasma .
KJots showing a summary view KJots showing a summary view
KJots has been a part of KDE since before the 1.0 release over 10 years ago and has always changed with the times .
That such a simple application can still integrate many of the new technologies available indicates the growing maturity of the KDE Platform .
Existing data stored in KJots will be migrated over to Akonadi automatically when the application starts .
Existing data from KNotes will also be migrated to Akonadi , and will be instantly available in KJots .
As KNotes no longer has a maintainer , that application will likely not be released in KDE SC 4.5 .
It will be replaced with Plasma - Akonadi notes and KJots .
However , if you like using the KNotes plugin in Kontact and want to keep that interface to your notes , it would not be difficult to create a replacement KNotes using Plasma .
All of the code needed to create Plasma post - it style notes already exists and could be used to implement a modern KNotes replacement .
If you 're interested in developing with some of the most innovative parts of the KDE frameworks , get in touch on [ email protected ] or #akonadi on freenode .
The features described above are still in heavy development and are not suitable for testing in trunk yet .
They should however be available in KJots 4.5 .
Not on single Republican voted to pass President Obama ’s economic recovery act in February 2009 .
They lined up to denounce the plan as socialistic , wasteful and un-American .
For example , Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , told a Fox New anchor on Feb 6 .
2009 , “ this bill stinks … it ’s an orgy of congressional spending unrelated to creating a job . ”
Apparently after the bill has created or saved more than 2 million jobs in one year , according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office , Sen .
Graham wants a little of that stink to rub off on him .
Media reports detailing Republican hypocrisy on the recovery act revealed this past week that Sen.
Graham wrote last fall to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood asking for $ 363 million in recovery act funds for highway construction projects in his state – to save or create a few hundred of those jobs he had once said the bill would not create .
Rep. Kay Ganger , R - Texas , still bashes the recovery act .
In a statement earlier this month , she said , “ Stimulus - style spending has not created jobs , but it has certainly grown our national debt over the last year . ”
This most recent denunciation of the recovery act was much harsher than her Feb.
2009 rejection of the bill on the same grounds that it would n’t create many jobs .
These high - pitched condemnations of the recovery act run counter to Granger ’s written request to Secretary LaHood for recovery act funds for projects in Dallas and Ft. Worth , which , according to her , would create 3,500 jobs .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell led the charge in January 2009 when he described the recovery act as socialist .
McConnell has since supported the use of recovery act funds for projects in his state .
According to one report , both Republican Texas Senators and 19 Republican members of the House are awash in the hypocrisy .
Even Rep. Ron Paul , R. Texas , who according to one recent GOP straw polls may be a front - runner for his party ’s presidential nomination , voted against the recovery act under the usual denunciations but has since asked for recovery act money for projects in his district .
Other Republicans , like Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , R - Wash . , voted against the bill but now boast about getting recovery act funds for projects in their states .
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , a vocal opponent of the recovery act and the Republican leader in charge of ensuring everyone in his party voted against the bill , has since asked for recovery act funds for a high - speed rail project in his state .
The newest House Republican , Rep. Parker Griffith , R - Alabama , denounced the bill as wasteful in 2009 but also has requested recovery act funds for railway construction projects in his district .
By one estimate , as many as 110 Republican members of Congress have asked for or taken credit for recovery act spending in their states and districts .
But this Republican hypocrisy is n’t confined to Congress .
Republican Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who condemned the recovery act as “ ludicrous ” and “ misdirected ” announced this month that his state would be able to balance its budget using some $ 387 million in funds from the recovery act ’s state stabilization fund .
Apparently , the recovery act ’s plan to help states avoid some job - killing spending cuts does n’t seem so “ misdirected ” now .
Republican Govs. Arnold Schwarzenegger , Calif. , and Bob McDonnell , Va. , have expressed thanks for the assistance from recovery act funds and want more .
In his campaign for governor in 2009 , McDonnell denounced the recovery act and said “ it is not going to be good long - term for America . ”
Photo : Recovery
Act money has funded thousands of infrastructure projects .
Last night I went to hear the reports from Palestine at the Judson Memorial Church in New York .
The church is a national historical site .
The vaulted hall was designed by Stanford White and has a grand but plain nobility about it .
The microphone was set up in front of a St - Gaudens marble relief , the hall was jammed with people , over 300 , and there was a sense in the air of a movement gathering power .
Speaker Michael Ratner pointed out that a few years ago there would have been 50 people in the room for a Palestine event .
I was most impressed by the seamlessness of the crowd : the lack of identity politics , the ways that Palestinian , Jewish and non-Jewish Americans spoke out in Palestinian solidarity .
At the end of the night , a number of people went to the mike to make announcements , and there were probably a dozen activists from that many different communities , one after another .
Strands are inter-weaving , and the cord they are making is a strong one .
To specifics .
The first speaker , introduced by Abdeen Jabara , was Fida Qishta , a young journalist from Gaza who left her family 7 months ago saying she would be back in two months and has not been able to return .
This was her theme .
This is not a humanitarian issue , she told us .
It is not about material things , it is about freedom .
" We do n’t need food and we do n’t want money .
My family ate the same food for a year .
Lentils . "
She shrugged .
" It was n’t bad .
We need to be free … to come and go .
We need to feel human …
Sometimes we are kept three weeks at a crossing .
People want to feel free .
They do n’t want food .
We can stay eating one meal a day … "
Can anything be more clear than that ?
Qishta also showed a video of a white phosphorous victim of a year ago .
He had burns all over his back and arms .
It was extremely hard to watch , it was emotionally scarring .
The only thing I can say about it is that , He seemed like a boy like any boy you know .
A 13 - or 14 - year - old boy .
He had that same innocence about him , a boy who wants to be reading books for school or laughing in the street with his friends .
Some day they will show videos like this in a Nakba museum .
Next to speak was Michael Ratner .
For me personally it was the most compelling speech because I identify with Ratner as a middle - aged bourgeois NY Jew who has awakened to this issue late but who now seizes on the moral issues and does not mince words .
Ratner last visited Israel 50 years ago .
He went back earlier this month and was profoundly disturbed .
You heard that disturbed feeling in all his remarks .
This is a man who has studied human rights and civil rights around the world , and at home , and it was very clarifying to hear him speak with no uncertainty about the conditions that he observed in the West Bank .
" You are seeing apartheid in action , you ca n’t believe what you are seeing , " he said .
Israel has no right to be doing a thing in the West Bank , under any international law ; " they should n’t be taking an inch of it . "
Yet they go into villages and demolish houses and then Palestinians rebuild and Israel demolishes them " again and again and again . "
He described the valley leading up to the settlement of Ma’ale Adumim , with the separate roadways and the stark differences in quality of life between Palestinians and Jews .
The olive trees are cut down all thru the valley and the Bedouins live in tin shacks , then in Ma’ale Adumim there is a great old 400 - year olive tree consecrated in a traffic circle and greenery everywhere and houses like Beverly Hills and they are building a swimming pool bigger than this room .
" You ’re seeing an area that ’s being ethnically cleansed …
You ’re seeing the architecture of apartheid …
This is an open and notorious system of apartheid … and no one , no one is doing anything about it ….
I never had a sense of this until I saw it .. an open and notorious taking of land , a pass system , an apartheid system … "
The two - state solution ?
" Once you see this , it ’s completely ridiculous .
It ’s three Bantustans in the West Bank , with Israel controlling everything . "
After Ratner was Jenna Bitar .
She is an 18 - year - old high NY school student , half Palestinian , slender , sophisticated .
She related her experiences in Cairo with the Gaza Freedom March , and though her voice is still girlish , we saw the woman , and a leader , before us .
I know her parents ; I know how they pushed back their own awareness of their connection to this place out of emotional / political necessity ; and I know the apprehension they must feel about their child being exposed to these tremendous political questions ( Just read Lila Abu - Lughod on the issue of Palestinian - American inheritance ) : but we saw the woman before us , a strong woman who will be engaged on these issues for a long time , and the crowd often whooped and cheered as she spoke of her awakening in Cairo to her own political powers .
These were moments when she found herself confronting police , taking space in the street or at the Journalists ’
Syndicate and refusing to give it up , lying to police to get through barricades with a suitcase full of posters , etc .
For Jenna Bitar had a clear understanding in Cairo upon the revelation that we would not get into Gaza : " We were really there for political reasons–and that was to bring attention to the siege in Gaza . "
And so the business of Cairo was to create a movement that had not existed before ; and that happened , she said .
Ali Abunimah was the last speaker and he echoed Bitar ’s awareness .
" We did n’t get to Gaza , and that was an enormous disappointment .
But I ’m thankful for having a taste of what Gaza experiences every day …
We experienced a small taste of the anger and frustration …
We learned that Gaza is harder to get into than a maximum security prison …
So 1.5 million people , most of them children , are political prisoners … "
In Cairo , he went on , " Almost nothing went to plan , and I do n’t say that as a criticism . "
The results showed how quickly people adapted , how creative they were , how determined they were to show solidarity with Palestinians .
The results , said Abunimah , were evident before us , with the tumult and excitement that filled the church .
I study myself in these situations , and try in my writing to be an everyman ; and what do I take away from the night ?
Well there are the evident political stirrings :
A diverse group has come together over an enormity , in a word , Gaza .
It is clearly on the left ; it has power because it has momentum , and young people of conscience are drawn to it .
No one goes up and says , I ’m Jewish , anymore .
( Except for the amazing women of Jews Say No ) .
That ’s a beautiful thing .
No one cares what your identity is ; we ask , is your conscience shocked by shooting white phosphorous at boys ?
Yes it is on the left , but it has political significance because it is the only game in town ; the right and center are used up , and our politicians are hacks .
And all the energy / movement is here .
I insist always that I ’m no radical .
Too old , too privileged , too immured in the woods and books and reflection .
I ca n’t make fiery speeches .
Also , I find that after years of travel and exploration , I have ethnocentric feelings , of concern for the Jews who have made such a mistake by making a religion of Zionism , I worry how to help them get out of it .
On that score , I spent a lot of my night with Jews , American Jews , and the feeling is that history lies before us and it is going this way and we want to be with history .
This is not an easy path , not anxiety - free , a friend said last night , but powerful decadent political forces have built a nightmare situation for the Palestinians , and there lies the urgency of our presence .
I remembered being in a car in the West Bank with three Israeli lefties 2 weeks ago .
They were all smoking and upset , going from one demonstration to another .
Under my impatient questioning about all the forces that are against us , one said at last with a little shrug , " We want to be on the right side of history . "
As the event last night showed , There is no question of which way it is going .
Sometimes a question that sounds naïve at first can lead to a revealing answer .
So here goes :
What is it about Amazon ’s corporate culture that seems to foster creativity and innovation , while Microsoft gets ripped constantly for failing to innovate ?
Are there simple principles at work inside Amazon that might explain the difference ?
I choose to compare these companies for a basic , if unscientific , reason : they ’re the two biggest publicly - traded tech firms in town .
And just as Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) helped define a generation of entrepreneurs and technologists in Seattle — and around the world — many would argue that Amazon ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) will help define what comes next .
OK , so comparing these two tech giants is like discussing apples and oranges .
They have vastly different customers , business models , and technologies .
And one is a lot bigger and older than the other .
We ’re talking about a 35 - year - old Microsoft that is more than triple the size of 16 - year - old Amazon , after all .
But people forget how much Microsoft has grown in just the past decade .
The Redmond , WA , firm more than doubled in size from 2000 to 2009 , going from about 40,000 to 90,000 employees worldwide .
In that period , its revenues increased by a factor of 2.5 ( from $ 23 billion to $ 58 billion ) , while profits also climbed , albeit at a slower rate ( from $ 9.4 billion to $ 14.6 billion ) .
By comparison , Amazon had just over 24,000 employees at the end of 2009 , when it made about $ 900 million in year - end profits ( on $ 24.5 billion in revenues ) .
So Amazon ’s size and revenues are more comparable to Microsoft ’s in 2000 , though its profit margins are much lower .
My point is that Amazon today looks a lot like Microsoft did a decade ago on some important measures of business success .
So for now , let ’s focus our questions more carefully .
How has Amazon managed to remain nimble even as it has grown to 24,000 employees ?
After starting with a simple website that sold books online , it now offers a huge diversity of products , from books and other physical goods to an e-commerce platform , cloud computing services , Kindle e-books and readers , and now , mobile applications .
What deeper lessons can startups and big companies , including Microsoft , take away from its story ?
Amazon is a hard company to get to know .
For better or worse , its executives rarely talk to the press , and they almost never comment publicly on business strategy or competitors .
( The company declined to comment for this story . )
So instead I ’ve been talking with former Amazon employees , as well as outside tech observers , to get a better feel for the culture and strategy there .
And to get some insights straight from the horse ’s mouth — from founder and CEO Jeff Bezos — I had to dig around a bit more ( see further below ) .
Without a doubt , Amazon ’s culture comes from the top .
From the beginning , Bezos did things a little differently .
Former Amazon executives say the CEO liked to hire people fresh out of college or business school who had n’t logged time at other companies — so they did n’t have ingrained habits , ideas , or other corporate baggage .
They could be indoctrinated in the Amazon Way .
That these employees tended to be workaholics did n’t hurt .
And somehow that culture has persisted to today .
( Several current Amazon employees told me it ’s common to work nights and weekends , especially before the holiday season . )
Interestingly , Bezos did n’t always follow best business practices or operations advice , according to one former senior exec .
That led to some decisions being “ poorly made ” in the early days — I took this to mean things like handling relationships with partners , and gearing up for the company ’s IPO in 1997 .
In some ways , it sounds like Amazon succeeded in spite of its operational missteps .
What helped was Bezos ’s vision and a lot of hard work from people to fulfill it .
And of course , the company ’s timing was excellent , getting established at the start of the dot - com bubble .
Indeed , the rise of Amazon has coincided almost perfectly with the rise of the Web , e-commerce , and online recommendations ; seemingly overnight , consumers have become willing ( and they often prefer ) to buy things online , share payment information , and give their opinions on certain trusted sites .
One obvious comparison with Microsoft is how Bezos stacks up against Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer in terms of leadership .
“ When I was at Amazon , I saw Jeff directly involved in driving a huge amount of innovation , largely by coming up with ideas on his own and getting the organization to implement them .
He ’s often involved in the smallest details , ” says Josh Petersen of Seattle ’s Robot Co-op , who has worked at both Amazon and Microsoft .
( Disclosure : Robot Co-op is a subsidiary of Amazon . )
As for Gates , Petersen says , “ I only met him once , but I was struck by how insightful he was about the product he was reviewing and how ready he was to toss questions to the team and delve into details …
But I had the impression the job of the product team was to develop something and bounce it off Gates , whereas Bezos would generally be more intimately involved in the process rather than playing the role of exterior arbiter . ”
( The question remains how Bezos has the bandwidth to be that much more hands - on than Gates , or presumably Ballmer .
But it speaks to the top - down culture at Amazon . )
Others see the way the companies ’ respective product lines are set up as a key difference .
Amazon is “ selling other people ’s products , or more specifically , figuring out the best ways to sell other people ’s products , ” says Brent Frei of Bellevue , WA - based Smartsheet , a former Microsoftie .
“ Kindle is a means to sell other people ’s books .
Mechanical
Turk is a way to improve data around selling other people ’s stuff .
They rarely have a product line that is competing with another product line that prevents innovation . ”
That ’s as compared to Microsoft , which has a culture of internal product competition .
That means when budget priorities are established , new ideas sometimes get crushed to protect cash cows like Windows and Office .
Frei says of Amazon , “ The innovative things they are doing to be better at their core businesses [ are ] invigorating .
They do n’t seem to have any sacred cows and will creatively destroy anything in the way of ‘ better and more profitable . ’ ”
From what I gather , product teams at Amazon tend to be smaller and less centralized than at Microsoft .
It can take 10 times as long to develop a new product at Microsoft as it does at Amazon — sometimes years instead of months — and it ’s clear Microsoft still thinks in terms of “ shipping software . ”
So it maps out release plans and feature sets years in advance .
“ Amazon , when I was there , was much more seat of the pants , ” Petersen says .
“ But what Amazon had that I never saw at Microsoft was an incredible focus on real - time metrics .
Amazon projects would deploy , be tested , adjusted , re-tested and continuously tweaked . ”
And then there are the products themselves .
Petersen says , “ The tone at Microsoft was that the product had to be good enough ( or maybe not even that good ) to win , but it was n’t worth going beyond that .
Several times I heard new ideas dismissed with responses like , ‘ The competitor ’s product does n’t have that feature . ’
To delight or amaze or entertain was never on the agenda .
Business results and competitive position were probably focused on more than what I saw at Amazon , but that focus did n’t lead to better outcomes for Microsoft . ”
These observations of Amazon ’s culture fit well with what Bezos has said publicly — but he goes much further .
One of his most compelling interviews to date is from the October 2007 issue of Harvard Business Review .
In it , Bezos discussed an impressive range of issues — from Amazon ’s “ friendly and intense ” culture to its willingness to plant innovative seeds and “ wait a long time for them to turn into trees ” ( typically five to seven years before having any real economic impact ) .
He also described Amazon ’s focus on process management and its defining business principles and unique strategies .
Bezos explained his overarching philosophy partly as follows .
Everyone else seems to focus on things that will change over time , he said — competitors , technologies , and other factors that force companies to adjust their strategy rapidly .
Amazon bases its main strategy on things that wo n’t change — in this case , the fact that its customers want a wide selection of goods , low prices , and fast delivery ; developers who use its e-commerce or Web services platforms want reliability ; and sellers want sales .
Because 10 years from now , those things will still be true , and will still pay off for the company .
At the same time , Bezos told HBR , it ’s important to adjust quickly to customers — not to competitors whom you might be tempted to follow closely into various markets .
“ The strategic value of close following is in not having to go down all the blind alleys .
You let smaller competitors check those out , and when they find something good , you just quadruple down .
If you ’re following close enough , and the arena is slow - moving enough , the fact that you ’re not first down that path does n’t hurt you much .
But in our environment there ’s so much rapid change on the Internet , in technology , that our customer - obsessed approach is very effective , ” he said .
“ If you ’re competitor focused , you tend to slack off when your benchmarks say that you ’re the best .
But if your focus is on customers , you keep improving . ”
He told the story of when Barnes & Noble launched its website in 1997 , and at least one prominent tech pundit predicted Amazon would get wiped out .
After all , Barnes & Noble had 30,000 employees and $ 3 billion in annual sales , versus Amazon ’s relatively puny 125 - person staff and $ 60 million annual revenue line .
Bezos said he called an all - hands meeting , where he told his staff : “ Forget about this .
We ca n’t be thinking about how Barnes & Noble has so much more in the way of resources than we do …
Yes , you should wake up every morning terrified with your sheets drenched in sweat , but not because you ’re afraid of our competitors .
Be afraid of our customers , because those are the folks who have the money .
Our competitors are never going to send us money . ”
As for how to deal with self - competing product lines , Bezos said , “ We take a simple - minded approach .
There ’s an old Warren Buffett story , that he has three boxes on his desk : in - box , out - box , and too hard .
Whenever we ’re facing one of those too - hard problems , where we get into an infinite loop and ca n’t decide what to do , we try to convert it into a straightforward problem by saying , ‘ Well , what ’s better for the consumer ? ’ ”
Indeed , some of the most important things Amazon has done have seemed like tactical losers to established companies who were looking at the short term .
But Amazon has always been fixated on improving the consumer experience regardless of conventional wisdom , according to Bezos ’s comments in HBR : “ In the very earliest days ( I ’m taking you back to 1995 ) , when we started posting customer reviews , a customer might trash a book and the publisher would n’t like it .
I would get letters from publishers saying , ‘ Why do you allow negative reviews on your website ?
Why do n’t you just show the positive reviews ? ’
One letter in particular said , ‘ Maybe you do n’t understand your business .
You make money when you sell things . ’
But I thought to myself ,
We do n’t make money when we sell things ; we make money when we help customers make purchase decisions . ”
Then , of course , there are plenty of features and products that did n’t pan out , because customers did n’t want them or did n’t care .
Amazon ’s failed online auction business ( similar to eBay ) comes to mind ; Bezos says he learned consumers just wanted their sales to be done quickly on the site , instead of dealing with bids .
In such cases , the company has been able to cut losses fast and move on .
“ The key , really , is reducing the cost of the experiments , ” Bezos has said .
It will be interesting to see how well Kindle e-books and “ active content ” — essentially mobile applications for the Kindle device — end up selling .
One advantage Amazon ’s forthcoming mobile apps might have over Apple ’s iTunes , for example , is that the demographics of the Kindle community might be more tightly focused compared to other devices — because users might tend to be business people , travelers , and academics , say .
That could help outside developers target specific types of consumers .
And Amazon Web Services , the cloud computing platform used by many companies to store data and run applications , is maturing ; how will it stack up against the onslaught of other tech firms , like Microsoft , Google , IBM , and VMware , who are also providing fast , cheap , reliable services for businesses that want to save money on their IT infrastructure ?
Another intriguing experiment to watch is Amazon Fresh , the delivery service for groceries ( and other goods ) currently offered only in Seattle .
If the service can be expanded to other geographies , it would be a shrewd way to extend the psychological connection between Amazon and its customers right up to their front door — almost in real time .
( It also would n’t hurt that the company ’s fleet of grocery trucks could be like rolling billboards on every highway and arterial in the country . )
In the HBR interview , Bezos also reflected broadly on how he has adapted to Amazon ’s growth .
“ When you start out , it ’s a one - person thing , at least on the first day , and you ’re not only figuring out what to do but actually doing it , ” he said .
“ At a certain point the company gets bigger , and you get to where you ’re mostly figuring out what to do but not how it ’s done .
Eventually you get to the point where you ’re mostly figuring out who is going to do it , not even what to do .
So one way to think about this is as a transition of questions , from ‘ How ? ’ to ‘ What ? ’ to ‘ Who ? ’ ”
So , to answer my own question , it seems like Amazon has remained innovative by focusing on its customers much more than its competition ; having visionary and disciplined leadership that sets the tone for every employee and product ; avoiding too much internal product competition ; and trying a variety of long - term experiments , but killing them off quickly if consumers do n’t respond .
How does this relate to a company like Microsoft in the long run ?
Some would argue that the Redmond firm has gotten worse in each of these areas as it has continued to grow , especially in the past decade .
It seems inevitable , with the world ’s transition to Web software , that a company built on desktop software would become less relevant .
And its size is a distinct disadvantage , regardless of what former IBM CEO Lou Gerstner once said about how elephants can be nimble enough to dance .
Yet most observers are n’t counting Microsoft out , as it still has time to reinvent itself and find new ways to capitalize on its strengths in operating systems and business software .
Meanwhile , Amazon ’s real growth — and the real challenges stemming from that growth — may be just beginning .
It would do well to watch and learn from the giants that came before .
Trending on Xconomy
Greta Van Susteren thinks that anyone should care what neocon war monger John Bolton thinks about anything , and apparently Bolton , even though he admits is might not be in Israel 's best interest to do so , is really upset that the Obama administration wants them to pursue diplomacy instead of a potential preemptive strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities by Israel , and is mad that they ’re putting pressure on them not to do so .
I 'd like to know how Bolton thinks our country -- which is already bankrupt from two wars / military occupations we should not have gotten into in the first place -- can handle another one that will unleash who knows what sort of backlash against us from other countries as well , especially if Israel decided to attack Iran .
Of course Greta Van Susteren is n’t going to ask him about anything like that but instead just give him a format to spread his warmongering rhetoric .
Heaven forbid ClusterFox ever lets an opportunity slip by to give a completely discredited warmongering idiot a place to spread their bile .
Updated snowball fight roundup
As the snow falls piles up , so do the number of planned snowball fights around the area Saturday .
Here ’s a brief round up : Know of others ?
email tellus@wpni.com .
-- Down on the Mall you can find Snowpocalypse II : Snowball Fight and Snow Kickball at 3 p.m .
-- Battle Snowpocalypse will be at the Ellipse from noon to 3 p.m .
-- Lincoln Park on Capitol Hill , 2 p.m .
-- Shirlington Village Snowpocalypse Snowball Fight , 2 p.m. by the Caribou Coffee in Shirlington Village .
-- East of the Anacostia River will be Snowpocalypse Celebration at Ft. Dupont Park in Southeast from noon - 2 pm .
-- In Northwest you have a plethora of options : The Official Dupont Circle Snowball Fight at 2 p.m .
-- Nearby you could hurl frozen projectiles at the Columbia Heights Snowball Fight at Malcolm X Park from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m .
-- Campus Mall , University of Maryland , 1 pm .
-- In Baltimore : Snowsaycanyousee Part 2 : Fells Point ! at 2:30 pm. Broadway Square in Fells Point ( Broadway between Thames & Lancaster Streets ) . :
-- Clarence Williams
By Washington Post staff | February 5 , 2010 ; 7:32 PM ET
Save & Share : Previous :
Snow flakes shift from graceful to grating
Next : Movies , grocery stores , pharmacies :
What 's open ?
Posted by : softrefrain | February 5 , 2010 10:09 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : heathdawnf | February 5 , 2010 10:31 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : bs2004 | February 5 , 2010 10:33 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : johng1 | February 5 , 2010 10:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BethesdaDog | February 5 , 2010 10:52 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Carole5520 | February 5 , 2010 11:11 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wanda_jones | February 5 , 2010 11:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BO__Stinks | February 5 , 2010 11:33 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lrw2a | February 5 , 2010 11:37 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wanda_jones | February 5 , 2010 11:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : HonE | February 6 , 2010 12:01 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : jtinyaface | February 6 , 2010 1:31 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : AuthoritativeAuthoritarian | February 6 , 2010 2:10 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : pray4rain | February 6 , 2010 3:27 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : SofaKingCool2009 | February 6 , 2010 3:44 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : tynitra | February 6 , 2010 4:15 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : Ombudsman1 | February 6 , 2010 5:58 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : LuvMySkinz | February 6 , 2010 8:40 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kjh25177 | February 6 , 2010 9:23 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Jimof1913 | February 6 , 2010 9:26 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sterutrhytietywertyty | February 6 , 2010 9:40 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : erte88 | February 6 , 2010 9:50 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : mikecatcher50 | February 6 , 2010 10:09 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : striplingnews | February 6 , 2010 10:21 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : coupland12 | February 6 , 2010 10:23 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : sknyluv | February 6 , 2010 10:33 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MrThePlague | February 6 , 2010 11:28 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : judithclaire1939 | February 6 , 2010 11:31 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : MKadyman | February 6 , 2010 11:48 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : rickyroge | February 6 , 2010 12:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ObamaisFraud | February 6 , 2010 12:56 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Cartaldo | February 6 , 2010 1:03 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : greatgran1 | February 6 , 2010 1:49 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : MACCHAMPS04 | February 6 , 2010 1:53 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : weatherwatcher | February 6 , 2010 1:53 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : rickyroge | February 6 , 2010 2:15 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : GP16 | February 6 , 2010 2:28 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kevind2 | February 6 , 2010 7:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : poster1231 | February 7 , 2010 9:13 PM
| Report abuse
Ilich Ramírez Sánchez , once described as ' most dangerous man alive ' , says biographical image could be violated
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Ilich Ramírez Sánchez , better known as Carlos the Jackal , is not known for shunning the spotlight .
For years the world 's most wanted terrorist , he once claimed , in front of the television cameras , to have killed more than 1,500 people in the pursuit of Palestinian liberation .
But the Venezuelan revolutionary , serving life imprisonment for the murder of two French intelligence officials and their informant in 1975 , seems to have decided that not all publicity is good publicity .
With the help of his wife , a French lawyer whom he married in prison , Sanchez – once described as " the most dangerous man alive " – is suing a Parisian production company over a three - part television drama he claims could violate his " biographical image " .
Isabelle Coutant - Peyre has demanded that the producers hand over the master copy of the footage for her to check for errors and potentially make changes before it is broadcast on the French Canal + channel .
Coutant - Peyre told a court in Nanterre last month that the drama , which has not yet been finished , would make her husband out to be the instigator of crimes for which he has not been found guilty .
" You 'd have thought it was the prosecutor narrating ... it's a film against Ramírez Sánchez , " she said .
Lawyers for Film en Stock , meanwhile , insisted that handing over the film would signify a violation of its creative rights .
" How could we tarnish the image of Carlos when he himself has claimed to be behind almost 2,000 deaths ? " the company 's lawyer , Richard Malka , asked .
Daniel Leconte , the firm 's owner and the producer of the three - part drama , said he had never allowed any of his subjects access to his material before it was aired .
" For us , this would be catastrophic , " he said .
" It would mean that every time we make a film we are giving our subjects the right to direct their own lives . "
He said the film be presented clearly as a fictional interpretation of a real man 's life and could not be taken as an attempt at a factual biography .
" As far as the facts are concerned , we know almost everything about him already , " he said .
" Carlos ' own life actions destroyed his name .
He does n't need me for that . "
A verdict in the case is due tomorrow .
Ramírez Sánchez , who was given his nickname after a copy of Frederick Forsyth 's novel The Day of the Jackal was found in his belongings and mistakenly believed to be his , was wanted in at least five European countries at the peak of his infamy .
Eventually captured by French police while recovering from surgery in Sudan in 1994 , he has been in prison ever since , having been sentenced in absentia to life in jail .
The 60 - year - old is awaiting a new trial before a special anti-terrorism tribunal for other attacks in the early 1980s .
Afghanistan meet USA in politically charged encounter
As a sporting nation , the USA sets itself apart from the rest of the world with its insular focus on homegrown pursuits such as baseball and American football .
When it does venture outside its own sporting bubble , it often finds itself caught up in politi
The Unemployed Now Have Their Own Union , and It's Catching on Quickly
Alternet.org
By Harry Kelber
February 24 , 2010 ... The idea is that if millions of jobless join together and act as an organization , they are more likely to get Congress and the White House to provide the jobs that are urgently needed .
They can also apply pressure for health insurance coverage , unemployment insurance and COBRA benefits and food stamps .
An unemployed worker is virtually helpless if he or she has to act alone .
Joining a Cube is as simple as it is important .
( Please check the union web site : www.unionofunemployed.com).
Six people who live in the same zip code address can form a Ucube .
Nine such UCubes make a neighborhood .
Three neighborhood UCubes form a power block that cntains 162 activists .
Politicians cannot easily ignore a multitude of power blocks , nor can merchants avoid them .
The union is built from the ground up .
Cube activists will select their own leadership in each cube , neighborhood , block and higher group as well .
Kelber tells us that the UCubed organization is spreading like wildfire in just its first month in existence , with members having joined the group from 43 states and over 300 zip codes .
75 " Cubes " are already up and running !
( Anyone running -- or considering running -- for elected office this cycle who 's reading this might want to consider contacting this group , since they'd be a GREAT source for volunteers , as even Kelber points out . )
So , in the process of researching this , I did a search here on DKos , and I found this comment , below , from Kossack catchlightning , from this past Tuesday , the day before Kelber 's article appeared on Alternet .
ESP , or what ?!
I filed initial jobless claim today for the first ( 16 + / 0 -) time in my life .
I am 59 years old , have a wife and two kids still in school , and have worked all my life .
My first job was as a busboy .
I 've been a taxi driver , a house painter , a freelance reporter , a marketing writer , a financial writer , a retailer .
23 years ago , after the collapse of the first derivatives bubble ( that no one today hardly remembers ) I moved back East from Chicago .
I took a temporary job for $ 6.50 an hour and within two years became the manager of that business -- a position I held for another 17 years ... until last Friday .
As some of you know I have written passionately on the need for a movement to address the massive unemployment problem , going back to last Spring here at Daily Kos :
For a Union of the Unemployed
A Call to Organize : CREATEJobsNow !
The Coming Battle for Jobs and Recovery And since last Fall I 've been featured guest blogger at Working America 's ' Main Street ' blog with the encouragement of DK front - pager Laura Clawson , while cross-posting frequently here at Daily Kos : Working America 's " Main Street " Blog
If there 's one thing -- other than my family -- that I can point to these last couple of years that has sustained and empowered me , it 's the online community here and elsewhere that 's encouraged my writing and enabled my work .
Whatever the future holds , I hope it is full of more of that than the other thing .
Not Ideas about the Thing but the Thing Itself - Wallace Stevens by catchlightning on Tue Feb 23 , 2010 at 11:00:39 PM EST
So , for all of the folks out there in catchlightning 's position -- and I 'm talkin ' to you , too , catchlightning -- consider this a ray of hope for a Friday night .
Peace !
Planet Declared Last May Does Not Actually Exist
A planet six times the size of our own sun and that was thought to be orbiting the distant star VB10 last May was found out to be non-existent , Nature News reports .
The team of Steven Pravdo of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , claimed that an exoplanet is orbiting the star seven months ago using astrometry .
A separate team led by Jacob Bean at the Georg - August University in Gottingen , Germany , declared that the planet was there after studying the star using a separate technique called radial velocity .
Astrometry measures the side - to - side motion of a star on the sky to see whether any unseen bodies might be orbiting it while radial velocity looks for shifts in the lines of a star ’s absorption spectrum to track its motion towards and away from Earth , which would be caused by the influence of a planet .
The non-existence of the planet is a blow to the field of astrometry for looking for undiscovered heavenly bodies as opposed to centuries - old ground astronomy technique .
Sleeping is known to help humans stabilize information and tasks learned during the preceding day .
Now , researchers have found that sleep has similar effects upon learning in starlings , a discovery that will open up future research into how the brain learns and preserves information .
The research , published January 13 in the Journal of Neuroscience , fills an important gap between human behavioral findings and animal experiments of how the brain changes after learning and sleep .
" We really wanted to behaviorally show that these types of sleep - dependent memory benefits are occurring in animals , " said Timothy Brawn , graduate student at the University of Chicago and lead author on the study .
" What was remarkable was that the pattern here looks very similar to what we see in humans .
There was n't anything that was terribly different . "
In order to survive , animals must be able to learn from experience , and understanding the biology of this process remains an open scientific question .
Previous research has demonstrated that sleep plays in important role in vocal learning in birds , and is also important for stabilizing memories in humans .
In 2008 , Brawn and co-authors Kimberly Fenn , Howard Nusbaum , and Daniel Margoliash found that a night 's sleep stabilized the skills of people learning to play a first - person shooter video game .
That study built upon prior research from Fenn , Nusbaum and Margoliash in 2003 that found sleep helped college students retain perceptual learning of computer - generated speech .
But sleep - dependent consolidation had not been conclusively proven behaviorally in adult animals .
So Brawn set out to replicate the findings of his human study in the starling , a bird known for its vocal production and listening skills .
advertisement
Starlings were trained to discriminate between two five - second snippets of birdsong in a learning task called a go - nogo procedure .
If they heard one song , the " go " stimulus , they would receive a food pellet after correctly poking their beak into a hole in their cage .
If the other song , the " no - go " stimulus , was played , it signaled that the bird should not poke its beak in the hole , or else the lights in the cage were briefly shut off .
Groups of starlings were trained in the task at different times of day , then re-tested later to see how well they retained their learning .
In all groups , performance on the task improved after the birds slept , relative to their performance before sleep .
That result replicated the sleep - dependent enhancement pattern observed in human studies .
Another human learning pattern , called waking performance deterioration , was not conclusively replicated in the starlings .
When humans are taught a task in the morning , their performance on some tasks worsen over the course of the day , only to rebound after a period of sleep .
Starlings also showed a slight decrease in their performance of the no-nogo task over the course of a day without sleep , but those changes were not statistically significant .
Brawn theorized that the deterioration may be more pronounced in humans because , unlike caged starlings , the human task must compete with the rest of the day 's experiences .
" In human studies , we can't control what they 're doing throughout the day , " Brawn said .
" In starling experiments , they do n't have any other interactions …
I think there 's a much reduced interference effect here . "
Future experiments with starlings and humans can directly study the effects of interference on learning and how sleep may overcome those effects .
advertisement
Regardless , the discovery of similar sleep - dependent consolidation of learning in starlings and humans opens up new possibilities for research into the mechanisms of learning and memory .
" The result suggests this is a very broad , general phenomenon that might be shared across a great many vertebrates , " said Margoliash , professor of organismal biology , psychology and neuroscience .
" It was quite important to show that and it now opens the possibility for mechanistic and behavioral experiments in animals that are difficult to do in humans . "
Such exploration will continue a long collaboration between Margoliash and Nusbaum 's groups that offers the unique ability to simultaneously study the interaction between learning , memory and sleep in multiple species , with results from bird experiments informing human studies and vice versa .
" There are very few paradigms of research that have unfolded at the same time in parallel between using humans and animal subjects , " said Nusbaum , professor and chair of psychology .
" These scientific advances suggest that we may be able to use birds to study the role of sleep in vocal learning and language development in humans . "
What 's clear now from an abundance of data is that sleep is an important stabilizer of learning across species , suggesting a long evolutionary history of this particular function .
Brawn said he was convinced enough of the phenomenon to apply it to his own study habits .
" If I have an afternoon test , I want to make sure I 've done a lot of studying the day before rather than just doing it the morning of the test , " Brawn said .
The research was funded in part by grants from the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders and the National Institute of Mental Health .
The urban poor in sub-Saharan Africa are the latest victims of the obesity epidemic .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Public Health claim that overweight and obesity are on the increase among this group .
Abdhalah Ziraba worked with a team of researchers from the African Population and Health Research Center , Nairobi , Kenya , who used data from seven African countries to investigate changes in body mass index ( BMI ) between early 1990s and early 2000s .
He said , " Despite being the least urbanized continent , Africa 's population is becoming increasingly urban and its cities are growing at unprecedented rates .
In spite of rampant poverty in urban areas , access to cheap foods with a high content of fat and sugar is commonplace . "
The researchers found that the number of people overweight / obese increased by nearly 35 % during the study period .
Those of higher socio- economic status were more likely to be overweight or obese , but the rate of increase in obesity was higher in the poor group .
According to Ziraba , " Given the chronic nature of most diseases associated with obesity and by extension the huge cost of treatment , the prospects look grim for the already under - funded and ill - equipped African health care systems unless urgent action is taken . "
Artist Bio
Based in Berlin , Meyoko is a young artist obsessed with details , ephemera , memories , dreams and nature .
She grew up on a visual diet of the strange trips in her books from Amazons , Amazons that she visited years afterwards .
Her infancy was not easy , a daughter of a violent father .
Her only one consolation was refugiarde in a world of fantasy and of dreams .
Textures and layering are an important consideration when creating her curious and sometimes bizarre characters and landscapes .
The relationship between man and machine is another obvious fascination as she often juxtaposes organic and mechanical images to form surreal and whimsical narratives .
Birds , insects and organisms are also a common theme throughout her work as she draws much .
Her work has been exhibited in Berlin and featured in fashion and lifestyle magazines in Paris , London , New York , Greece , Rome , and New Zealand .
Meyoko ’s Website
Meyoko ’s Blog
Meyoko ’s Flickr
In preparation for my upcoming course on random matrices , I am briefly reviewing some relevant foundational aspects of probability theory , as well as setting up basic probabilistic notation that we will be using in later posts .
This is quite basic material for a graduate course , and somewhat pedantic in nature , but given how heavily we will be relying on probability theory in this course , it seemed appropriate to take some time to go through these issues carefully .
We will certainly not attempt to cover all aspects of probability theory in this review .
Aside from the utter foundations , we will be focusing primarily on those probabilistic concepts and operations that are useful for bounding the distribution of random variables , and on ensuring convergence of such variables as one sends a parameter off to infinity .
We will assume familiarity with the foundations of measure theory ; see for instance these earlier lecture notes of mine for a quick review of that topic .
This is also not intended to be a first introduction to probability theory , but is instead a revisiting of these topics from a graduate - level perspective ( and in particular , after one has understood the foundations of measure theory ) .
Indeed , I suspect it will be almost impossible to follow this course without already having a firm grasp of undergraduate probability theory .
— 1 . Foundations —
At a purely formal level , one could call probability theory the study of measure spaces with total measure one , but that would be like calling number theory the study of strings of digits which terminate .
At a practical level , the opposite is true : just as number theorists study concepts ( e.g. primality ) that have the same meaning in every numeral system that models the natural numbers , we shall see that probability theorists study concepts ( e.g. independence ) that have the same meaning in every measure space that models a family of events or random variables .
And indeed , just as the natural numbers can be defined abstractly without reference to any numeral system ( e.g. by the Peano axioms ) , core concepts of probability theory , such as random variables , can also be defined abstractly , without explicit mention of a measure space ; we will return to this point when we discuss free probability later in this course .
For now , though , we shall stick to the standard measure - theoretic approach to probability theory .
In this approach , we assume the presence of an ambient sample space , which intuitively is supposed to describe all the possible outcomes of all the sources of randomness that one is studying .
Mathematically , this sample space is a probability space – a set , together with a - algebra of subsets of ( the elements of which we will identify with the probabilistic concept of an event ) , and a probability measure on the space of events , i.e. an assignment of a real number in to every event ( known as the probability of that event ) , such that the whole space has probability , and such that is countably additive .
Elements of the sample space will be denoted .
However , for reasons that will be explained shortly , we will try to avoid actually referring to such elements unless absolutely required to .
If we were studying just a single random process , e.g. rolling a single die , then one could choose a very simple sample space – in this case , one could choose the finite set , with the discrete - algebra and the uniform probability measure .
But if one later wanted to also study additional random processes ( e.g. supposing one later wanted to roll a second die , and then add the two resulting rolls ) , one would have to change the sample space ( e.g. to change it now to the product space ) .
If one was particularly well organised , one could in principle work out in advance all of the random variables one would ever want or need , and then specify the sample space accordingly , before doing any actual probability theory .
In practice , though , it is far more convenient to add new sources of randomness on the fly , if and when they are needed , and extend the sample space as necessary .
This point is often glossed over in introductory probability texts , so let us spend a little time on it .
We say that one probability space extends another if there is a surjective map which is measurable ( i.e. for every ) and probability preserving ( i.e. for every ) .
( Strictly speaking , it is the pair which is the extension of , not just the space , but let us abuse notation slightly here . )
By definition , every event in the original probability space is canonically identified with an event of the same probability in the extension .
Example 1
As mentioned earlier , the sample space , that models the roll of a single die , can be extended to the sample space that models the roll of the original die together with a new die , with the projection map being given by .
Another example of an extension map is that of a permutation – for instance , replacing the sample space by the isomorphic space by mapping to , etc .
This extension is not actually adding any new sources of randomness , but is merely reorganising the existing randomness present in the sample space .
In order to have the freedom to perform extensions every time we need to introduce a new source of randomness , we will try to adhere to the following important dogma : probability theory is only “ allowed ” to study concepts and perform operations which are preserved with respect to extension of the underlying sample space .
( This is analogous to how differential geometry is only “ allowed ” to study concepts and perform operations that are preserved with respect to coordinate change , or how graph theory is only “ allowed ” to study concepts and perform operations that are preserved with respect to relabeling of the vertices , etc . . )
As long as one is adhering strictly to this dogma , one can insert as many new sources of randomness ( or reorganise existing sources of randomness ) as one pleases ; but if one deviates from this dogma and uses specific properties of a single sample space , then one has left the category of probability theory and must now take care when doing any subsequent operation that could alter that sample space .
This dogma is an important aspect of the probabilistic way of thinking , much as the insistence on studying concepts and performing operations that are invariant with respect to coordinate changes or other symmetries is an important aspect of the modern geometric way of thinking .
With this probabilistic viewpoint , we shall soon see the sample space essentially disappear from view altogether , after a few foundational issues are dispensed with .
Let ’s give some simple examples of what is and what is not a probabilistic concept or operation .
The probability of an event is a probabilistic concept ; it is preserved under extensions .
Similarly , boolean operations on events such as union , intersection , and complement are also preserved under extensions and are thus also probabilistic operations .
The emptiness or non-emptiness of an event is also probabilistic , as is the equality or non-equality of two events ( note how it was important here that we demanded the map to be surjective in the definition of an extension ) .
On the other hand , the cardinality of an event is not a probabilistic concept ; for instance , the event that the roll of a given die gives has cardinality one in the sample space , but has cardinality six in the sample space when the values of an additional die are used to extend the sample space .
Thus , in the probabilistic way of thinking , one should avoid thinking about events as having cardinality , except to the extent that they are either empty or non-empty .
Indeed , once one is no longer working at the foundational level , it is best to try to suppress the fact that events are being modeled as sets altogether .
To assist in this , we will choose notation that avoids explicit use of set theoretic notation .
For instance , the union of two events will be denoted rather than , and will often be referred to by a phrase such as “ the event that at least one of or holds ” .
Similarly , the intersection will instead be denoted , or “ the event that and both hold ” , and the complement will instead be denoted , or “ the event that does not hold ” or “ the event that fails ” .
In particular the sure event can now be referred to without any explicit mention of the sample space as .
We will continue to use the subset notation ( since the notation may cause confusion ) , but refer to this statement as “ is contained in ” or “ implies ” or “ holds only if holds ” rather than “ is a subset of “ , again to downplay the role of set theory in modeling these events .
We record the trivial but fundamental union bound
for any finite or countably infinite collection of events .
Taking complements , we see that if each event fails with probability at most , then the joint event fails with probability at most .
Thus , if one wants to ensure that all the events hold at once with a reasonable probability , one can try to do this by showing that the failure rate of the individual is small compared to the number of events one is controlling .
This is a reasonably efficient strategy so long as one expects the events to be genuinely “ different ” from each other ; if there are plenty of repetitions , then the union bound is poor ( consider for instance the extreme case when does not even depend on ) .
We will sometimes refer to use of the union bound to bound probabilities as the zeroth moment method , to contrast it with the first moment method , second moment method , exponential moment method , and Fourier moment methods for bounding probabilities that we will encounter later in this course .
Let us formalise some specific cases of the union bound that we will use frequently in the course .
In most of this course , there will be an integer parameter , which will often be going off to infinity , and upon which most other quantities will depend ; for instance , we will often be considering the spectral properties of random matrices .
Definition 1 ( Asymptotic notation )
We use , , , or to denote the estimate for some independent of and all .
If we need to depend on a parameter , e.g. , we will indicate this by subscripts , e.g. .
We write if for some that goes to zero as .
We write or if .
Given an event depending on such a parameter , we have five notions ( in decreasing order of confidence ) that an event is likely to hold :
An event holds surely ( or is true ) if it is equal to the sure event .
holds surely ( or is true ) if it is equal to the sure event .
An event holds almost surely ( or with full probability ) if it occurs with probability : .
holds almost surely ( or with full probability ) if it occurs with probability : .
An event holds with overwhelming probability if , for every fixed , it holds with probability ( i.e. one has for some independent of ) .
holds with overwhelming probability if , for every fixed , it holds with probability ( i.e. one has for some independent of ) .
An event holds with high probability if it holds with probability for some independent of ( i.e. one has for some independent of ) .
holds with high probability if it holds with probability for some independent of ( i.e. one has for some independent of ) .
An event holds asymptotically almost surely if it holds with probability , thus the probability of success goes to in the limit .
Of course , all of these notions are probabilistic notions .
Given a family of events depending on some parameter , we say that each event in the family holds with overwhelming probability uniformly in if the constant in the definition of overwhelming probability is independent of ; one can similarly define uniformity in the concepts of holding with high probability or asymptotic almost sure probability .
From the union bound ( 1 ) we immediately have
Lemma 2 ( Union bound )
If is an arbitrary family of events that each hold surely , then holds surely .
is an arbitrary family of events that each hold surely , then holds surely .
If is an at most countable family of events that each hold almost surely , then holds almost surely .
is an at most countable family of events that each hold almost surely , then holds almost surely .
If is a family of events of polynomial cardinality ( i.e. cardinality ) which hold with uniformly overwhelming probability , the holds with overwhelming probability .
is a family of events of polynomial cardinality ( i.e. cardinality ) which hold with uniformly overwhelming probability , the holds with overwhelming probability .
If is a family of events of sub- polynomial cardinality ( i.e. cardinality ) which hold with uniformly high probability , the holds with high probability .
( In particular , the cardinality can be polylogarithmic in size , . )
is a family of events of sub- polynomial cardinality ( i.e. cardinality ) which hold with uniformly high probability , the holds with high probability .
( In particular , the cardinality can be polylogarithmic in size , .)
If is a family of events of uniformly bounded cardinality ( i.e. cardinality ) which each hold asymptotically almost surely , then holds asymptotically almost surely .
( Note that uniformity of asymptotic almost sureness is automatic when the cardinality is bounded . )
Note how as the certainty of an event gets stronger , the number of times one can apply the union bound increases .
In particular , holding with overwhelming probability is practically as good as holding surely or almost surely in many of our applications ( except when one has to deal with the entropy of an - dimensional system , which can be exponentially large , and will thus require a certain amount of caution ) .
— 2 . Random variables —
An event can be in just one of two states : the event can hold or fail , with some probability assigned to each .
But we will usually need to consider the more general class of random variables which can be in multiple states .
Definition 3 ( Random variable )
Let be a measurable space ( i.e. a set , equipped with a - algebra of subsets of ) .
A random variable taking values in ( or an - valued random variable ) is a measurable map from the sample space to , i.e. a function such that is an event for every .
As the notion of a random variable involves the sample space , one has to pause to check that it invariant under extensions before one can assert that it is a probabilistic concept .
But this is clear : if is a random variable , and is an extension of , then is also a random variable , which generates the same events in the sense that for every .
At this point let us make the convenient convention ( which we have in fact been implicitly using already ) that an event is identified with the predicate which is true on the event set and false outside of the event set .
Thus for instance the event could be identified with the predicate “ “ ; this is preferable to the set - theoretic notation , as it does not require explicit reference to the sample space and is thus more obviously a probabilistic notion .
We will often omit the quotes when it is safe to do so , for instance is shorthand for .
Remark 1
On occasion , we will have to deal with almost surely defined random variables , which are only defined on a subset of of full probability .
However , much as measure theory and integration theory is largely unaffected by modification on sets of measure zero , many probabilistic concepts , in particular probability , distribution , and expectation , are similarly unaffected by modification on events of probability zero .
Thus , a lack of definedness on an event of probability zero will usually not cause difficulty , so long as there are at most countably many such events in which one of the probabilistic objects being studied is undefined .
In such cases , one can usually resolve such issues by setting a random variable to some arbitrary value ( e.g. ) whenever it would otherwise be undefined .
We observe a few key subclasses and examples of random variables :
Discrete random variables , in which is the discrete - algebra , and is at most countable .
Typical examples of include a countable subset of the reals or complexes , such as the natural numbers or integers .
If , we say that the random variable is Boolean , while if is just a singleton set we say that the random variable is deterministic , and ( by abuse of notation ) we identify this random variable with itself .
Note that a Boolean random variable is nothing more than an indicator function of an event , where is the event that the boolean function equals .
is the discrete - algebra , and is at most countable .
Typical examples of include a countable subset of the reals or complexes , such as the natural numbers or integers .
If , we say that the random variable is Boolean , while if is just a singleton set we say that the random variable is deterministic , and ( by abuse of notation ) we identify this random variable with itself .
Note that a Boolean random variable is nothing more than an indicator function of an event , where is the event that the boolean function equals .
Real - valued random variables , in which is the real line and is the Borel - algebra , generated by the open sets of .
Thus for any real - valued random variable and any interval , we have the events “ “ .
In particular , we have the upper tail event “ ” and lower tail event “ ” for any threshold .
( We also consider the events “ ” and “ ” to be tail events ; in practice , there is very little distinction between the two . )
is the real line and is the Borel - algebra , generated by the open sets of .
Thus for any real - valued random variable and any interval , we have the events “ “ .
In particular , we have the upper tail event “ ” and lower tail event “ ” for any threshold .
( We also consider the events “ ” and “ ” to be tail events ; in practice , there is very little distinction between the two . )
Complex random variables , whose range is the complex plane with the Borel - algebra .
A typical event associated to a complex random variable is the small ball event “ ” for some complex number and some ( small ) radius .
We refer to real and complex random variables collectively as scalar random variables .
- algebra .
A typical event associated to a complex random variable is the small ball event “ ” for some complex number and some ( small ) radius .
We refer to real and complex random variables collectively as scalar random variables .
Given a - valued random variable , and a measurable map , the - valued random variable is indeed a random variable , and the operation of converting to is preserved under extension of the sample space and is thus probabilistic .
This variable can also be defined without reference to the sample space as the unique random variable for which the identity holds for all - measurable sets .
-valued random variable , and a measurable map , the - valued random variable is indeed a random variable , and the operation of converting to is preserved under extension of the sample space and is thus probabilistic .
This variable can also be defined without reference to the sample space as the unique random variable for which the identity Given two random variables and taking values in respectively , one can form the joint random variable with range with the product - algebra , by setting for every .
One easily verifies that this is indeed a random variable , and that the operation of taking a joint random variable is a probabilistic operation .
This variable can also be defined without reference to the sample space as the unique random variable for which one has and , where and are the usual projection maps from to respectively .
One can similarly define the joint random variable for any family of random variables in various ranges ( note here that the set of labels can be infinite or even uncountable ) .
and taking values in respectively , one can form the joint random variable with range with the product - algebra , by setting for every .
One easily verifies that this is indeed a random variable , and that the operation of taking a joint random variable is a probabilistic operation .
This variable can also be defined without reference to the sample space as the unique random variable for which one has and , where and are the usual projection maps from to respectively .
One can similarly define the joint random variable for any family of random variables in various ranges ( note here that the set of labels can be infinite or even uncountable ) .
Combining the previous two constructions , given any measurable binary operation and random variables taking values in respectively , one can form the - valued random variable , and this is a probabilistic operation .
Thus for instance one can add or multiply together scalar random variables , and similarly for the matrix - valued random variables that we will consider shortly .
Similarly for ternary and higher order operations .
A technical issue : if one wants to perform an operation ( such as division of two scalar random variables ) which is not defined everywhere ( e.g. division when the denominator is zero ) .
In such cases , one has to adjoin an additional “ undefined ” symbol to the output range .
In practice , this will not be a problem as long as all random variables concerned are defined ( i.e. avoid ) almost surely .
and random variables taking values in respectively , one can form the - valued random variable , and this is a probabilistic operation .
Thus for instance one can add or multiply together scalar random variables , and similarly for the matrix - valued random variables that we will consider shortly .
Similarly for ternary and higher order operations .
A technical issue : if one wants to perform an operation ( such as division of two scalar random variables ) which is not defined everywhere ( e.g. division when the denominator is zero ) .
In such cases , one has to adjoin an additional “ undefined ” symbol to the output range .
In practice , this will not be a problem as long as all random variables concerned are defined ( i.e. avoid ) almost surely .
Vector - valued random variables , which take values in a finite - dimensional vector space such as or with the Borel - algebra .
One can view a vector - valued random variable as the joint random variable of its scalar component random variables .
or with the Borel - algebra .
One can view a vector - valued random variable as the joint random variable of its scalar component random variables .
Matrix - valued random variables or random matrices , which take values in a space or of real or complex - valued matrices , again with the Borel - algebra , where are integers ( usually we will focus on the square case ) .
Note here that the shape of the matrix is deterministic ; we will not consider in this course matrices whose shapes are themselves random variables .
One can view a matrix - valued random variable as the joint random variable of its scalar components .
One can apply all the usual matrix operations ( e.g. sum , product , determinant , trace , inverse , etc. ) on random matrices to get a random variable with the appropriate range , though in some cases ( e.g with inverse ) one has to adjoin the undefined symbol as mentioned earlier .
or of real or complex - valued matrices , again with the Borel - algebra , where are integers ( usually we will focus on the square case ) .
Note here that the shape of the matrix is deterministic ; we will not consider in this course matrices whose shapes are themselves random variables .
One can view a matrix - valued random variable as the joint random variable of its scalar components .
One can apply all the usual matrix operations ( e.g. sum , product , determinant , trace , inverse , etc. ) on random matrices to get a random variable with the appropriate range , though in some cases ( e.g with inverse ) one has to adjoin the undefined symbol as mentioned earlier .
Point processes , which take values in the space of subsets of a space ( or more precisely , on the space of multisets of , or even more precisely still as integer - valued locally finite measures on ) , with the - algebra being generated by the counting functions for all precompact measurable sets .
Thus , if is a point process in , and is a precompact measurable set , then the counting function is a discrete random variable in .
For us , the key example of a point process comes from taking the spectrum of eigenvalues ( counting multiplicity ) of a random matrix .
I discuss point processes further in this previous blog post .
We will return to point processes ( and define them more formally ) later in this course .
Remark 2
A pedantic point : strictly speaking , one has to include the range of a random variable as part of that variable ( thus one should really be referring to the pair rather than ) .
This leads to the annoying conclusion that , technically , boolean random variables are not integer - valued , integer - valued random variables are not real - valued , and real - valued random variables are not complex - valued .
To avoid this issue we shall abuse notation very slightly and identify any random variable to any coextension of that random variable to a larger range space ( assuming of course that the - algebras are compatible ) .
Thus , for instance , a real - valued random variable which happens to only take a countable number of values will now be considered a discrete random variable also .
Given a random variable taking values in some range , we define the distribution of to be the probability measure on the measurable space defined by the formula
thus is the pushforward of the sample space probability measure by .
This is easily seen to be a probability measure , and is also a probabilistic concept .
The probability measure is also known as the law for .
We write for ; we also abuse notation slightly by writing .
We have seen that every random variable generates a probability distribution .
The converse is also true :
Lemma 4 ( Creating a random variable with a specified distribution )
Let be a probability measure on a measurable space .
Then ( after extending the sample space if necessary ) there exists an - valued random variable with distribution .
Proof : Extend to by using the obvious projection map from back to , and extending the probability measure on to the product measure on .
The random variable then has distribution .
In the case of discrete random variables , is the discrete probability measure
where are non-negative real numbers that add up to .
To put it another way , the distribution of a discrete random variable can be expressed as the sum of Dirac masses :
We list some important examples of discrete distributions :
Dirac distributions , in which for and otherwise ;
, in which for and otherwise ; discrete uniform distributions , in which is finite and for all ;
is finite and for all ; ( Unsigned ) Bernoulli distributions , in which , , and for some parameter ;
, , and for some parameter ;
The signed Bernoulli distribution , in which and ;
and ; Lazy signed Bernoulli distributions , in which , , and for some parameter ;
, , and for some parameter ; Geometric distributions , in which and for all natural numbers and some parameter ; and
and for all natural numbers and some parameter ; and Poisson distributions , in which and for all natural numbers and some parameter .
Now we turn to non-discrete random variables taking values in some range .
We say that a random variable is continuous if for all ( here we assume that all points are measurable ) .
If is already equipped with some reference measure ( e.g. Lebesgue measure in the case of scalar , vector , or matrix - valued random variables ) , we say that the random variable is absolutely continuous if for all null sets in .
By the Radon - Nikodym theorem , we can thus find a non-negative , absolutely integrable function with such that
for all measurable sets .
More succinctly , one has
We call the probability density function of the probability distribution ( and thus , of the random variable ) .
As usual in measure theory , this function is only defined up to almost everywhere equivalence , but this will not cause any difficulties .
In the case of real - valued random variables , the distribution can also be described in terms of the cumulative distribution function
Indeed , is the Lebesgue - Stieltjes measure of , and ( in the absolutely continuous case ) the derivative of exists and is equal to the probability density function almost everywhere .
We will not use the cumulative distribution function much in this course , although we will be very interested in bounding tail events such as or .
We give some basic examples of absolutely continuous scalar distributions :
uniform distributions , in which for some subset of the reals or complexes of finite non-zero measure , e.g. an interval in the real line , or a disk in the complex plane .
for some subset of the reals or complexes of finite non-zero measure , e.g. an interval in the real line , or a disk in the complex plane .
The real normal distribution of mean and variance , given by the density function for .
We isolate in particular the standard ( real ) normal distribution .
Random variables with normal distributions are known as gaussian random variables .
of mean and variance , given by the density function for .
We isolate in particular the standard ( real ) normal distribution .
Random variables with normal distributions are known as gaussian random variables .
The complex normal distribution of mean and variance , given by the density function .
Again , we isolate the standard complex normal distribution .
Later on , we will encounter several more scalar distributions of relevance to random matrix theory , such as the semicircular law or Marcenko - Pastur law .
We will also of course encounter many matrix distributions ( also known as matrix ensembles ) as well as point processes .
Given an unsigned random variable ( i.e. a random variable taking values in ) , one can define the expectation or mean as the unsigned integral
which by the Fubini - Tonelli theorem can also be rewritten as
The expectation of an unsigned variable lies in also .
If is a scalar random variable ( which is allowed to take the value ) for which , we say that is absolutely integrable , in which case we can define its expectation as
in the real case , or
in the complex case .
Similarly for vector - valued random variables ( note that in finite dimensions , all norms are equivalent , so the precise choice of norm used to define is not relevant here ) .
If is a vector - valued random variable , then is absolutely integrable if and only if the components are all absolutely integrable , in which case one has .
A deterministic scalar random variable is its own mean .
An indicator function has mean .
An unsigned Bernoulli variable ( as defined previously ) has mean , while a signed or lazy signed Bernoulli variable has mean .
A real or complex gaussian variable with distribution has mean .
A Poisson random variable has mean ; a geometric random variable has mean .
A uniformly distributed variable on an interval has mean .
A fundamentally important property of expectation is that it is linear : if are absolutely integrable scalar random variables and are finite scalars , then is also absolutely integrable and
By the Fubini - Tonelli theorem , the same result also applies to infinite sums provided that is finite .
We will use linearity of expectation so frequently in the sequel that we will often omit an explicit reference to it when it is being used .
It is important to note that linearity of expectation requires no assumptions of independence or dependence amongst the individual random variables ; this is what makes this property of expectation so powerful .
In the unsigned ( or real absolutely integrable ) case , expectation is also monotone : if is true for some unsigned or real absolutely integrable , then .
Again , we will usually use this basic property without explicit mentioning it in the sequel .
For an unsigned random variable , we have the obvious but very useful Markov inequality
for any , as can be seen by taking expectations of the inequality .
For signed random variables , Markov ’s inequality becomes
Another fact related to Markov ’s inequality is that if is an unsigned or real absolutely integrable random variable , then must hold with positive probability , and also must also hold with positive probability .
Use of these facts or ( 13 ) , ( 14 ) , combined with monotonicity and linearity of expectation , is collectively referred to as the first moment method .
This method tends to be particularly easy to use ( as one does not need to understand dependence or independence ) , but by the same token often gives sub - optimal results ( as one is not exploiting any independence in the system ) .
Exercise 1 ( Borel - Cantelli lemma )
Let be a sequence of events such that .
Show that almost surely , at most finitely many of the events occur at once .
State and prove a result to the effect that the condition cannot be weakened .
If is an absolutely integrable or unsigned scalar random variable , and is a measurable function from the scalars to the unsigned extended reals , then one has the change of variables formula
when is real - valued and
when is complex - valued .
The same formula applies to signed or complex if it is known that is absolutely integrable .
Important examples of expressions such as are moments
for various ( particularly ) , exponential moments
for real , , and Fourier moments ( or the characteristic function )
for real , or
for complex or vector - valued , where denotes a real inner product .
We shall also occasionally encounter the resolvents
for complex , though one has to be careful now with the absolute convergence of this random variable .
Similarly , we shall also occasionally encounter negative moments of , particularly for .
We also sometimes use the zeroth moment , where we take the somewhat unusual convention that for non-negative , thus for and .
Thus , for instance , the union bound ( 1 ) can be rewritten ( for finitely many , at least ) as
for any scalar random variables and scalars ( compare with ( 12 ) ) .
It will be important to know if a scalar random variable is “ usually bounded ” .
We have several ways of quantifying this , in decreasing order of strength :
is surely bounded if there exists an such that surely .
is surely bounded if there exists an such that surely .
is almost surely bounded if there exists an such that almost surely .
is almost surely bounded if there exists an such that almost surely .
is subgaussian if there exist such that for all .
is subgaussian if there exist such that for all .
has sub -exponential tail if there exist such that for all .
has sub -exponential tail if there exist such that for all .
has finite moment for some if there exists such that .
has for some if there exists such that .
is absolutely integrable if .
is absolutely integrable if .
is almost surely finite if almost surely .
Exercise 2
Show that these properties genuinely are in decreasing order of strength , i.e. that each property on the list implies the next .
Exercise 3
Show that each of these properties are closed under vector space operations , thus for instance if have sub- exponential tail , show that and also have sub - exponential tail for any scalar .
The various species of Bernoulli random variable are surely bounded , and any random variable which is uniformly distributed in a bounded set is almost surely bounded .
Gaussians are of course subgaussian , while the Poisson and geometric distributions merely have sub-exponential tail .
Cauchy distributions are typical examples of heavy - tailed distributions which are almost surely finite , but do not have all moments finite ( indeed , the Cauchy distribution does not even have finite first moment ) .
If we have a family of scalar random variables depending on a parameter , we say that the are uniformly surely bounded ( resp. uniformly almost surely bounded , uniformly subgaussian , have uniform sub - exponential tails , or uniformly bounded moment ) if the relevant parameters in the above definitions can be chosen to be independent of .
Fix .
If has finite moment , say , then from Markov ’s inequality ( 14 ) one has
thus we see that the higher the moments that we control , the faster the tail decay is .
From the dominated convergence theorem we also have the variant
However , this result is qualitative or ineffective rather than quantitative because it provides no rate of convergence of to zero .
Indeed , it is easy to construct a family of random variables of uniformly bounded moment , but for which the quantities do not converge uniformly to zero ( e.g. take to be times the indicator of an event of probability for ) .
Because of this issue , we will often have to strengthen the property of having a uniformly bounded moment , to that of obtaining a uniformly quantitative control on the decay in ( 24 ) for a family of random variables ; we will see examples of this in later lectures .
However , this technicality does not arise in the important model case of identically distributed random variables , since in this case we trivially have uniformity in the decay rate of ( 24 ) .
We observe some consequences of ( 23 ) :
Lemma 5
Let be a scalar random variable depending on a parameter .
If has uniformly bounded expectation , then for any independent of , we have with high probability .
has uniformly bounded expectation , then for any independent of , we have with high probability .
If has uniformly bounded moment , then for any , we have with probability .
has uniformly bounded moment , then for any , we have with probability .
If has uniform sub - exponential tails , then we have with overwhelming probability .
Exercise 4
Show that a real - valued random variable is subgaussian if and only if there exist such that for all real , and if and only if there exists such that for all .
Exercise 5
Show that a real - valued random variable has subexponential tails if and only if there exist such that for all positive integers .
Once the second moment of a scalar random variable is finite , one can define the variance
From Markov ’s inequality we thus have Chebyshev ’s inequality
Upper bounds on for large are known as large deviation inequality .
Chebyshev ’s inequality gives a simple but still useful large deviation inequality , which becomes useful once exceeds the standard deviation of the random variable .
The use of Chebyshev ’s inequality , combined with a computation of variances , is known as the second moment method .
Exercise 6 ( Scaling of mean and variance )
If is a scalar random variable of finite mean and variance , and are scalars , show that and .
In particular , if has non -zero variance , then there exist scalars such that has mean zero and variance one .
Exercise 7
We say that a real number is a median of a real - valued random variable if .
Show that a median always exists , and if is absolutely continuous with strictly positive density function , then the median is unique .
is absolutely continuous with strictly positive density function , then the median is unique .
If has finite second moment , show that for any median .
If is subgaussian ( or has sub - exponential tails with exponent ) , then from dominated convergence we have the Taylor expansion
for any real or complex , thus relating the exponential and Fourier moments with the moments .
— 3 . Independence —
When studying the behaviour of a single random variable , the distribution captures all the probabilistic information one wants to know about .
The following exercise is one way of making this statement rigorous :
Exercise 8 Let , be random variables ( on sample spaces respectively ) taking values in a range , such that .
Show that after extending the spaces , the two random variables are isomorphic , in the sense that there exists a probability space isomorphism ( i.e. an invertible extension map whose inverse is also an extension map ) such that .
However , once one studies families of random variables taking values in measurable spaces ( on a single sample space ) , the distribution of the individual variables are no longer sufficient to describe all the probabilistic statistics of interest ; the joint distribution of the variables ( i.e. the distribution of the tuple , which can be viewed as a single random variable taking values in the product measurable space ) also becomes relevant .
Example 2
Let be drawn uniformly at random from the set .
Then the random variables , , and all individually have the same distribution , namely the signed Bernoulli distribution .
However the pairs , , and all have different joint distributions : the first pair , by definition , is uniformly distributed in , while the second pair is uniformly distributed in , and the third pair is uniformly distributed in .
Thus , for instance , if one is told that are two random variables with the Bernoulli distribution , and asked to compute the probability that , there is insufficient information to solve the problem ; if were distributed as , then the probability would be , while if were distributed as , the probability would be , and if were distributed as , the probability would be .
Thus one sees that one needs the joint distribution , and not just the individual distributions , to obtain a unique answer to the question .
There is however an important special class of families of random variables in which the joint distribution is determined by the individual distributions .
Definition 6 ( Joint independence )
A family of random variables ( which may be finite , countably infinite , or uncountably infinite ) is said to be jointly independent if the distribution of is the product measure of the distribution of the individual .
A family is said to be pairwise independent if the pairs are jointly independent for all distinct .
More generally , is said to be - wise independent if are jointly independent for all and all distinct .
We also say that is independent of if are jointly independent .
A family of events is said to be jointly independent if their indicators are jointly independent .
Similarly for pairwise independence and - wise independence .
From the theory of product measure , we have the following equivalent formulation of joint independence :
Exercise 9
Let be a family of random variables , with each taking values in a measurable space .
Show that the are jointly independent if and only if for every collection of distinct elements of , and all measurable subsets for , one has
are jointly independent if and only if for every collection of distinct elements of , and all measurable subsets for , one has Show that the necessary and sufficient condition being - wise independent is the same , except that is constrained to be at most .
In particular , a finite family of random variables , taking values in measurable spaces are jointly independent if and only if for all measurable .
If the are discrete random variables , one can take the to be singleton sets in the above discussion .
From the above exercise we see that joint independence implies - wise independence for any , and that joint independence is preserved under permuting , relabeling , or eliminating some or all of the .
A single random variable is automatically jointly independent , and so - wise independence is vacuously true ; pairwise independence is the first nontrivial notion of independence in this hierarchy .
Example 3
Let be the field of two elements , let be the subspace of triples with , and let be drawn uniformly at random from .
Then are pairwise independent , but not jointly independent .
In particular , is independent of each of separately , but is not independent of .
Exercise 10
This exercise generalises the above example .
Let be a finite field , and let be a subspace of for some finite .
Let be drawn uniformly at random from .
Suppose that is not contained in any coordinate hyperplane in .
Show that each , is uniformly distributed in .
, is uniformly distributed in .
Show that for any , that is - wise independent if and only if is not contained in any hyperplane which is definable using at most of the coordinate variables .
, that is - wise independent if and only if is not contained in any hyperplane which is definable using at most of the coordinate variables .
Show that is jointly independent if and only if .
Informally , we thus see that imposing constraints between variables at a time can destroy - wise independence , while leaving lower - order independence unaffected .
Exercise 11
Let be the subspace of triples with , and let be drawn uniformly at random from .
Then is independent of ( and in particular , is independent of and separately ) , but are not independent of each other .
Exercise 12
We say that one random variable ( with values in ) is determined by another random variable ( with values in ) if there exists a ( deterministic ) function such that is surely true ( i.e. for all ) .
Show that if is a family of jointly independent random variables , and is a family such that each is determined by some subfamily of the , with the disjoint as varies , then the are jointly independent also .
Exercise 13 ( Determinism vs. independence )
Let be random variables .
Show that is deterministic if and only if it is simultaneously determined by , and independent of .
Exercise 14
Show that a complex random variable is a complex gaussian random variable ( i.e. its distribution is a complex normal distribution ) if and only if its real and imaginary parts are independent real gaussian random variables with the same variance .
In particular , the variance of and will be half of variance of .
One key advantage of working with jointly independent random variables and events is that one can compute various probabilistic quantities quite easily .
We give some key examples below .
Exercise 15
If are jointly independent events , show that and Show that the converse statement ( i.e. that ( 28 ) and ( 29 ) imply joint independence ) is true for , but fails for higher .
Can one find a correct replacement for this converse for higher ?
Exercise 16
If are jointly independent random variables taking values in , show that
are jointly independent random variables taking values in , show that If are jointly independent absolutely integrable scalar random variables , show that is absolutely integrable , and
Remark 3
The above exercise combines well with Exercise 12 .
For instance , if are jointly independent subgaussian variables , then from Exercises 12 , 16 we see that for any complex .
This identity is a key component of the exponential moment method , which we will discuss in the next set of notes .
The following result is a key component of the second moment method .
Exercise 17 ( Pairwise independence implies linearity of variance )
If are pairwise independent scalar random variables of finite mean and variance , show that and more generally for any scalars ( compare with ( 12 ) , ( 22 ) ) .
The product measure construction allows us to extend Lemma 4 :
Exercise 18 ( Creation of new , independent random variables )
Let be a family of random variables ( not necessarily independent or finite ) , and let be a collection ( not necessarily finite ) of probability measures on measurable spaces .
Then , after extending the sample space if necessary , one can find a family of independent random variables , such that each has distribution , and the two families and are independent of each other .
We isolate the important case when is independent of .
We say that a family of random variables is independently and identically distributed , or iid for short , if they are jointly independent and all the have the same distribution .
Corollary 7
Let be a family of random variables ( not necessarily independent or finite ) , let be a probability measure on a measurable space , and let be an arbitrary set .
Then , after extending the sample space if necessary , one can find an iid family with distribution which is independent of .
Thus , for instance , one can create arbitrarily large iid families of Bernoulli random variables , Gaussian random variables , etc. , regardless of what other random variables are already in play .
We thus see that the freedom to extend the underyling sample space allows us access to an unlimited source of randomness .
This is in contrast to a situation studied in complexity theory and computer science , in which one does not assume that the sample space can be extended at will , and the amount of randomness one can use is therefore limited .
Remark 4
Given two probability measures on two measurable spaces , a joining or coupling of the these measures is a random variable taking values in the product space , whose individual components have distribution respectively .
Exercise 18 shows that one can always couple two distributions together in an independent manner ; but one can certainly create non-independent couplings as well .
The study of couplings ( or joinings ) is particularly important in ergodic theory , but this will not be the focus of this course .
— 4 . Conditioning —
Random variables are inherently non-deterministic in nature , and as such one has to be careful when applying deterministic laws of reasoning to such variables .
For instance , consider the law of the excluded middle : a statement is either true or false , but not both .
If this statement is a random variable , rather than deterministic , then instead it is true with some probability and false with some complementary probability .
Also , applying set - theoretic constructions with random inputs can lead to sets , spaces , and other structures which are themselves random variables , which can be quite confusing and require a certain amount of technical care ; consider , for instance , the task of rigorously defining a Euclidean space when the dimension is itself a random variable .
Now , one can always eliminate these difficulties by explicitly working with points in the underlying sample space , and replacing every random variable by its evaluation at that point ; this removes all the randomness from consideration , making everything deterministic ( for fixed ) .
This approach is rigorous , but goes against the “ probabilistic way of thinking ” , as one now needs to take some care in extending the sample space .
However , if instead one only seeks to remove a partial amount of randomness from consideration , then one can do this in a manner consistent with the probabilistic way of thinking , by introducing the machinery of conditioning .
By conditioning an event to be true or false , or conditioning a random variable to be fixed , one can turn that random event or variable into a deterministic one , while preserving the random nature of other events and variables ( particularly those which are independent of the event or variable being conditioned upon ) .
We begin by considering the simpler situation of conditioning on an event .
Definition 8 ( Conditioning on an event )
Let be an event ( or statement ) which holds with positive probability .
By conditioning on the event , we mean the act of replacing the underlying sample space with the subset of where holds , and replacing the underlying probability measure by the conditional probability measure , defined by the formula
All events on the original sample space can thus be viewed as events on the conditioned space , which we model set - theoretically as the set of all in obeying .
Note that this notation is compatible with ( 31 ) .
All random variables on the original sample space can also be viewed as random variables on the conditioned space , by restriction .
We will refer to this conditioned random variable as , and thus define conditional distribution and conditional expectation ( if is scalar ) accordingly .
One can also condition on the complementary event , provided that this event holds with positive probility also .
By undoing this conditioning , we revert the underlying sample space and measure back to their original ( or unconditional ) values .
Note that any random variable which has been defined both after conditioning on , and conditioning on , can still be viewed as a combined random variable after undoing the conditioning .
Conditioning affects the underlying probability space in a manner which is different from extension , and so the act of conditioning is not guaranteed to preserve probabilistic concepts such as distribution , probability , or expectation .
Nevertheless , the conditioned version of these concepts are closely related to their unconditional counterparts :
Exercise 19
If and both occur with positive probability , establish the identities for any ( unconditional ) event and for any ( unconditional ) random variable ( in the original sample space ) .
In a similar spirit , if is a non-negative or absolutely integrable scalar ( unconditional ) random variable , show that , are also non-negative and absolutely integrable on their respective conditioned spaces , and that In the degenerate case when occurs with full probability , conditioning to the complementary event is not well defined , but show that in those cases we can still obtain the above formulae if we adopt the convention that any term involving the vanishing factor should be omitted .
Similarly if occurs with zero probability .
The above identities allow one to study probabilities , distributions , and expectations on the original sample space by conditioning to the two conditioned spaces .
From ( 32 ) we obtain the inequality
thus conditioning can magnify probabilities by a factor of at most .
In particular ,
If occurs unconditionally surely , it occurs surely conditioning on also .
occurs unconditionally surely , it occurs surely conditioning on also .
If occurs unconditionally almost surely , it occurs almost surely conditioning on also .
occurs unconditionally almost surely , it occurs almost surely conditioning on also .
If occurs unconditionally with overwhelming probability , it occurs with overwhelming probability conditioning on also , provided that for some independent of .
occurs unconditionally with overwhelming probability , it occurs with overwhelming probability conditioning on also , provided that for some independent of .
If occurs unconditionally with high probability , it occurs with high probability conditioning on also , provided that for some and some sufficiently small independent of .
occurs unconditionally with high probability , it occurs with high probability conditioning on also , provided that for some and some sufficiently small independent of .
If occurs unconditionally asymptotically almost surely , it occurs asymptotically almost surely conditioning on also , provided that for some independent of .
Conditioning can distort the probability of events and the distribution of random variables .
Most obviously , conditioning on elevates the probability of to , and sends the probability of the complementary event to zero .
In a similar spirit , if is a random variable uniformly distributed on some finite set , and is a non-empty subset of , then conditioning to the event alters the distribution of to now become the uniform distribution on rather than ( and conditioning to the complementary event produces the uniform distribution on ) .
However , events and random variables that are independent of the event being conditioned upon are essentially unaffected by conditioning .
Indeed , if is an event independent of , then occurs with the same probability as ; and if is a random variable independent of ( or equivalently , independently of the indicator ) , then has the same distribution as .
Remark 5
One can view conditioning to an event and its complement as the probabilistic analogue of the law of the excluded middle .
In deterministic logic , given a statement , one can divide into two separate cases , depending on whether is true or false ; and any other statement is unconditionally true if and only if it is conditionally true in both of these two cases .
Similarly , in probability theory , given an event , one can condition into two separate sample spaces , depending on whether is conditioned to be true or false ; and the unconditional statistics of any random variable or event are then a weighted average of the conditional statistics on the two sample spaces , where the weights are given by the probability of and its complement .
Now we consider conditioning with respect to a discrete random variable , taking values in some range .
One can condition on any event , which occurs with positive probability .
It is then not difficult to establish the analogous identities to those in Exercise 19 :
Exercise 20
Let be a discrete random variable with range .
Then we have for any ( unconditional ) event , and for any ( unconditional ) random variable ( where the sum of non-negative measures is defined in the obvious manner ) , and for absolutely integrable or non-negative ( unconditional ) random variables , one has In all of these identities , we adopt the convention that any term involving is ignored when .
With the notation as in the above exercise , we define the conditional probability of an ( unconditional ) event conditioning on to be the ( unconditional ) random variable that is defined to equal whenever , and similarly , for any absolutely integrable or non-negative ( unconditional ) random variable , we define the conditional expectation to be the ( unconditional ) random variable that is defined to equal whenever .
( Strictly speaking , since we are not defining conditional expectation when , these random variables are only defined almost surely , rather than surely , but this will not cause difficulties in practice ; see Remark 1 . )
Thus ( 36 ) , ( 38 ) simplify to
and
Remark 6
One can interpret conditional expectation as a type of orthogonal projection ; see for instance these previous lecture notes of mine .
But we will not use this perspective in this course .
Just as conditioning on an event and its complement can be viewed as the probabilistic analogue of the law of the excluded middle , conditioning on a discrete random variable can be viewed as the probabilistic analogue of dividing into finitely or countably many cases .
For instance , one could condition on the outcome of a six - sided die , thus conditioning the underlying sample space into six separate subspaces .
If the die is fair , then the unconditional statistics of a random variable or event would be an unweighted average of the conditional statistics of the six conditioned subspaces ; if the die is weighted , one would take a weighted average instead .
Example 4
Let be iid signed Bernoulli random variables , and let , thus is a discrete random variable taking values in ( with probability , , respectively ) .
Then remains a signed Bernoulli random variable when conditioned to , but becomes the deterministic variable when conditioned to , and similarly becomes the deterministic variable when conditioned to .
As a consequence , the conditional expectation is equal to when , when , and when ; thus .
Similarly ; summing and using the linearity of ( conditional ) expectation ( which follows automatically from the unconditional version ) we obtain the obvious identity .
If are independent , then for all ( with the convention that those for which are ignored ) , which implies in particular ( for absolutely integrable ) that
( so in this case the conditional expectation is a deterministic quantity ) .
Example 5
Let be bounded scalar random variables ( not necessarily independent ) , with discrete .
Then we have where the latter equality holds since clearly becomes deterministic after conditioning on .
We will also need to condition with respect to continuous random variables ( this is the probabilistic analogue of dividing into a potentially uncountable number of cases ) .
To do this formally , we need to proceed a little differently from the discrete case , introducing the notion of a disintegration of the underlying sample space .
Definition 9 ( Disintegration )
Let be a random variable with range .
A disintegration of the underlying sample space with respect to is a subset of of full measure in ( thus almost surely ) , together with assignment of a probability measure on the subspace of for each , which is measurable in the sense that the map is measurable for every event , and such that for all such events , where is the ( almost surely defined ) random variable defined to equal whenever .
Given such a disintegration , we can then condition to the event for any by replacing with the subspace ( with the induced - algebra ) , but replacing the underlying probability measure with .
We can thus condition ( unconditional ) events and random variables to this event to create conditioned events and random variables on the conditioned space , giving rise to conditional probabilities ( which is consistent with the existing notation for this expression ) and conditional expectations ( assuming absolute integrability in this conditioned space ) .
We then set to be the ( almost surely defined ) random variable defined to equal whenever .
Example 6 ( Discrete case )
If is a discrete random variable , one can set to be the essential range of , which in the discrete case is the set of all for which .
For each , we define to be the conditional probability measure relative to the event , as defined in Definition 8 .
It is easy to verify that this is indeed a disintegration ; thus the continuous notion of conditional probability generalises the discrete one .
Example 7 ( Independent case )
Starting with an initial sample space , and a probability measure on a measurable space , one can adjoin a random variable taking values in with distribution that is independent of all previously existing random variables , by extending to as in Lemma 4 .
One can then disintegrate by taking and letting be the probability measure on induced by the obvious isomorphism between and ; this is easily seen to be a disintegration .
Note that if is any random variable from the original space , then has the same distribution as for any .
Example 8 Let with Lebesgue measure , and let be the coordinate random variables of , thus are iid with the uniform distribution on .
Let be the random variable with range .
Then one can disintegrate by taking and letting be normalised Lebesgue measure on the diagonal line segment .
Exercise 21 ( Almost uniqueness of disintegrations )
Let , be two disintegrations of the same random variable .
Show that for any event , one has for - almost every , where the conditional probabilities and are defined using the disintegrations , respectively .
( Hint : argue by contradiction , and consider the set of for which exceeds ( or vice versa ) by some fixed . )
Similarly , for a scalar random variable , show that for - almost every , that is absolutely integrable with respect to the first disintegration if and only if it is absolutely integrable with respect to the second integration , and one has in such cases .
Remark 7
Under some mild topological assumptions on the underlying sample space ( and on the measurable space ) , one can always find at least one disintegration for every random variable , by using tools such as the Radon - Nikodym theorem ; see Theorem 4 of these previous lecture notes of mine .
In practice , we will not invoke these general results here ( as it is not natural for us to place topological conditions on the sample space ) , and instead construct disintegrations by hand in specific cases , for instance by using the construction in Example 7 .
Remark 8
Strictly speaking , disintegration is not a probabilistic concept ; there is no canonical way to extend a disintegration when extending the sample space ; .
However , due to the ( almost ) uniqueness and existence results alluded to earlier , this will not be a difficulty in practice .
Still , we will try to use conditioning on continuous variables sparingly , in particular containing their use inside the proofs of various lemmas , rather than in their statements , due to their slight incompatibility with the “ probabilistic way of thinking ” .
Exercise 22 ( Fubini - Tonelli theorem )
Let be a disintegration of a random variable taking values in a measurable space , and let be a non-negative ( resp. absolutely integrable ) scalar random variable .
Show that for - almost all , is a non-negative ( resp. absolutely integrable ) random variable , and one has the identity where is the ( almost surely defined ) random variable that equals whenever .
( Note that one first needs to show that is measurable before one can take the expectation . )
More generally , show that whenever is a non-negative ( resp. bounded ) measurable function .
( One can essentially take ( 42 ) , together with the fact that is determined by , as a definition of the conditional expectation , but we will not adopt this approach here . )
A typical use of conditioning is to deduce a probabilistic statement from a deterministic one .
For instance , suppose one has a random variable , and a parameter in some range , and an event that depends on both and .
Suppose we know that for every .
Then , we can conclude that whenever is a random variable in independent of , we also have , regardless of what the actual distribution of is .
Indeed , if we condition to be a fixed value ( using the construction in Example 7 , extending the underlying sample space if necessary ) , we see that for each ; and then one can integrate out the conditioning using ( 41 ) to obtain the claim .
The act of conditioning a random variable to be fixed is occasionally also called freezing .
— 5 . Convergence —
In a first course in undergraduate real analysis , we learn what it means for a sequence of scalars to converge to a limit ; for every , we have for all sufficiently large .
Later on , this notion of convergence is generalised to metric space convergence , and generalised further to topological space convergence ; in these generalisations , the sequence can lie in some other space than the space of scalars ( though one usually insists that this space is independent of ) .
Now suppose that we have a sequence of random variables , all taking values in some space ; we will primarily be interested in the scalar case when is equal to or , but will also need to consider fancier random variables , such as point processes or empirical spectral distributions .
In what sense can we say that “ converges ” to a random variable , also taking values in ?
It turns out that there are several different notions of convergence which are of interest .
For us , the four most important ( in decreasing order of strength ) will be almost sure convergence , convergence in probability , convergence in distribution , and tightness of distribution .
Definition 10 ( Modes of convergence )
Let be a - compact , locally compact metric space ( with the Borel - algebra ) , and let be a sequence of random variables taking values in .
Let be another random variable taking values in .
converges almost surely to if , for almost every , converges to , or equivalently for every .
converges almost surely to if , for almost every , converges to , or equivalently converges in probability to if , for every , one has or equivalently if holds asymptotically almost surely for every .
converges in probability to if , for every , one has converges in distribution to if , for every bounded continuous function , one has
converges in distribution to if , for every bounded continuous function , one has has a tight sequence of distributions if , for every , there exists a compact subset of such that for all sufficiently large .
Remark 9
One can relax the requirement that be a - compact , locally compact metric space in the definitions , but then some of the nice equivalences and other properties of these modes of convergence begin to break down .
In our applications , though , we will only need to consider the - compact , locally compact metric space case .
Note that all of these notions are probabilistic ( i.e. they are preserved under extensions of the sample space ) .
Exercise 23 ( Implications and equivalences )
Let be random variables taking values in a - compact , locally compact metric space .
( i ) Show that if converges almost surely to , then converges in probability to .
( Hint : Fatou ’s lemma . )
converges almost surely to , then converges in probability to .
( Hint : Fatou ’s lemma . ) ( ii ) Show that if converges in distribution to , then has a tight sequence of distributions .
converges in distribution to , then has a tight sequence of distributions .
( iii )
Show that if converges in probability to , then converges in distribution to .
( Hint : first show tightness , then use the fact that on compact sets , continuous functions are uniformly continuous . )
converges in probability to , then converges in distribution to .
( Hint : first show tightness , then use the fact that on compact sets , continuous functions are uniformly continuous . ) ( iv )
Show that converges in distribution to if and only if converges to in the vague topology ( i.e. for all continuous functions of compact support ) .
converges in distribution to if and only if converges to in the vague topology ( i.e. for all continuous functions of compact support ) .
( v ) Conversely , if has a tight sequence of distributions , and is convergent in the vague topology , show that is convergent in distribution to another random variable ( possibly after extending the sample space ) .
What happens if the tightness hypothesis is dropped ?
has a tight sequence of distributions , and is convergent in the vague topology , show that is convergent in distribution to another random variable ( possibly after extending the sample space ) .
What happens if the tightness hypothesis is dropped ?
( vi )
If is deterministic , show that converges in probability to if and only if converges in distribution to .
is deterministic , show that converges in probability to if and only if converges in distribution to .
( vii )
If has a tight sequence of distributions , show that there is a subsequence of the which converges in distribution .
( This is known as Prokhorov ’s theorem ) .
has a tight sequence of distributions , show that there is a subsequence of the which converges in distribution .
( This is known as Prokhorov ’s theorem ) .
( viii )
If converges in probability to , show that there is a subsequence of the which converges almost surely to .
converges in probability to , show that there is a subsequence of the which converges almost surely to .
( ix ) converges in distribution to if and only if for every open subset of , or equivalently if for every closed subset of .
Remark 10
The relationship between almost sure convergence and convergence in probability may be clarified by the following observation .
If is a sequence of events , then the indicators converge in probability to zero iff as , but converge almost surely to zero iff as .
Example 9
Let be a random variable drawn uniformly from .
For each , let be the event that the decimal expansion of begins with the decimal expansion of , e.g. every real number in lies in .
( Let us ignore the annoying ambiguity in the decimal expansion here , as it will almost surely not be an issue . )
Then the indicators converge in probability and in distribution to zero , but do not converge almost surely .
If is the digit of , then the converge in distribution ( to the uniform distribution on , but do not converge in probability or almost surely .
Thus we see that the latter two notions are sensitive not only to the distribution of the random variables , but how they are positioned in the sample space .
The limit of a sequence converging almost surely or in probability is clearly unique up to almost sure equivalence , whereas the limit of a sequence converging in distribution is only unique up to equivalence in distribution .
Indeed , convergence in distribution is really a statement about the distributions rather than of the random vaariables themselves .
In particular , for convergence in distribution one does not care about how correlated or dependent the are with respect to each other , or with ; indeed , they could even live on different sample spaces and we would still have a well - defined notion of convergence in distribution , even though the other two notions cease to make sense ( except when is deterministic , in which case we can recover convergence in probability by Exercise 23 ( vi ) ) .
Exercise 24 ( Borel - Cantelli lemma )
Suppose that are random variables such that for every .
Show that converges almost surely to .
Exercise 25 ( Convergence and moments )
Let be a sequence of scalar random variables , and let be another scalar random variable .
Let .
( i ) If , show that has a tight sequence of distributions .
, show that has a tight sequence of distributions .
( ii ) If and converges in distribution to , show that .
and converges in distribution to , show that .
( iii )
If and converges in distribution to , show that .
and converges in distribution to , show that .
( iv ) Give a counterexample to show that ( iii ) fails when , even if we upgrade convergence in distribution to almost sure convergence .
, even if we upgrade convergence in distribution to almost sure convergence .
( v ) If the are uniformly bounded and real - valued , and for every , then converges in distribution to .
( Hint : use the Weierstrass approximation theorem .
Alternatively , use the analytic nature of the moment generating function and analytic continuation . )
are uniformly bounded and real - valued , and for every , then converges in distribution to .
( Hint : use the Weierstrass approximation theorem .
Alternatively , use the analytic nature of the moment generating function and analytic continuation . ) ( vi )
If the are uniformly bounded and complex - valued , and for every , then converges in distribution to .
Give a counterexample to show that the claim fails if one only considers the cases when .
There are other interesting modes of convergence on random variables and on distributions , such as convergence in total variation norm , in the Lévy - Prokhorov metric , or in Wasserstein metric , but we will not need these concepts in this course .
Lydia Scheltes woke up in her bed at Bethesda Retirement Center one morning with pinkish hair , a tattoo on her arm and a hangover .
Not a typical morning for the 90 - year - old .
“ Seniors are more fun than you ’ll ever know , ” she said .
Scheltes was n’t alone :
Seven ladies and one dude – aged 65 to 97 – all had a similar hazy look in their eyes after they hung out with bikers at the Evil Olive bar in Wicker Park on Feb. 11 .
Some of them were still wearing their own biker gear .
Bethesda ’s residents usually spend their time knitting or quilting or doing an activity typical of their age group , but they wanted something different for a change .
They often drive past the Evil Olive during day trips and fantasized about what goes on inside .
One day Elizabeth Barrett , 68 , asked their Life Enrichment Director , Ruth Werstler , if they could check it out .
“ I did a little digging and found out it was a nightclub , ” Werstler said .
“ But that did n’t deter them .
They still wanted to go . ”
In fact , Barrett upped the ante : She suggest going out as bikers .
“ It was all my idea , ” Barrett says with a devious laugh .
“ We are n’t the regular type of nursing home . ”
Werstler indulged her crew and reached out to various people who could help transform the retirement home crew into a boss biker gang .
She recruited hairstylists , make - up artists , a professional costumer and a tattoo artist from Artreach at Lillstreet to donate their time to make the ladies look fearsome .
About 100 people showed up to the club , including members of the Latino American Motorcycle Association and Chicago ’s Chapter of A.B.A.T.E .
“ These women were serious , man , ” said Evil Olive General Manager Eric Bollard .
“ They showed up with pink hair and skull caps .
It was for real . …
One woman walked straight up to the bar and ordered a Dirty Martini .
It was great . ”
They even turned the event into a semi-fundraiser .
Werstler is trying to raise $ 25,000 for a touch screen computer system for the non-profit retirement home so that the women can learn and use the Internet .
The bikers who showed up pitched in about $ 250 toward the “ Never - Too - Late . ”
But it was n’t the money that tickled the residents .
It was the exhilaration of an evening that felt like it “ flew by in a nanosecond , ” said 66 - year - old Janet Kaplan .
Kaplan , who is wheelchair bound and admittedly extremely overweight , was disappointed when she first arrived at the club because there were stairs by the entrance .
“ I said , We ’re not going to make it , ” Kaplan said .
“ Then before I knew it a group of bikers came and grabbed my wheelchair .
All I saw was my head being tipped back and my feet were up in the air and they had me in the club . ”
The bikers gave the women club hats , and spent time chatting them up , flirting and even dancing .
“ One of our residents , Katie , just turned 97 , and she got up with her walker and shook her booty , " Kaplan said .
" She shook it good . "
The one thing the women did n’t get a chance to do was ride on a motorcycle , because it was too cold .
But that ’s coming .
LAMA and A.B.A.T.E. members made plans to come by the residence center in the spring and take the ladies for a ride .
“ I want to be the first one on the bike , ” said 90 - year - old Scheltes .
They may ride straight back to Evil Olive .
“ Man , those ladies were an awesome bunch , " Boland said .
" Everyone was so into it that we ’re thinking about arranging another party for them soon . "
It 's snow joke : The Vancouver Winter Games are here !
Check out NBCChicago 's full coverage , fan us on Facebook , and follow us on Twitter .
Miami , Florida ( CNN ) --
A former Florida high school student who was suspended by her principal after she set up a Facebook page to criticize her teacher is protected constitutionally under the First Amendment , a federal magistrate ruled .
U.S. Magistrate Barry Garber 's ruling , in a case viewed as important by Internet watchers , denied the principal 's motion to dismiss the case and allows a lawsuit by the student to move forward .
" We have constitutional values that will always need to be redefined due to changes in technology and society , " said Ryan Calo , an attorney with Stanford Law School 's Center for Internet and Society .
" The fact that students communicate on a semi-public platform creates new constitutional issues and the courts are sorting them out , " Calo said .
Katherine Evans , now 19 and attending college , was suspended in 2007 from Pembroke Pines Charter High School after she used her home computer to create a Facebook page titled , " Ms. Sarah Phelps is the worst teacher I 've ever met . "
In his order , Garber found that the student had a constitutional right to express her views on the social networking site .
" Evans ' speech falls under the wide umbrella of protected speech , " he wrote .
" It was an opinion of a student about a teacher , that was published off - campus ... was not lewd , vulgar , threatening , or advocating illegal or dangerous behavior . "
Matthew Bavaro , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who is representing Evans , was pleased with the ruling .
" The First Amendment provides protection for free speech regardless of the forum , being the Internet , the living room or a restaurant , " he told CNN .
On the Facebook page created by Evans , which included a picture of her teacher , Evans wrote : " To those select students who have had the displeasure of having Ms. Sarah Phelps , or simply knowing her and her insane antics :
Here is the place to express your feelings of hatred . "
According to court documents ,
Phelps never saw the posting , which was made from a home computer after school hours .
After receiving three comments from people who criticized her and supported the teacher , Evans removed the page from Facebook .
School principal Peter Bayer suspended Evans , an honor student , for three days for disruptive behavior and cyberbullying of a staff member .
Bayer also removed her from Advanced Placement classes and assigned her to regular classes .
Bavaro , Evans ' attorney , is seeking to have the court find the school 's suspension invalid and to have documents related to the suspension removed from her school file .
" It will eliminate any official public record and validate her rights , since her First Amendment rights were violated , " he said .
Internet experts say the court got it right , and that the ruling shows the law evolving with society .
" It reassures Internet users and students that they can still speak their mind , " Calo said .
" Its not a security issue .
Its personal opinion and gossip . "
Calo believes high - profile campus shootings at Columbine and Virginia Tech have made schools more security conscious .
But in this case , the principal went too far , he said .
" I think this is just an example of an overreaction on the part of an administrator to speech outside the classroom , " he said .
" It used to be that principals would n't hear you talking about teachers outside the class .
Social networks give principals the ability to see what students are saying about teachers and each other .
" It 's one thing to use that information to identify illegal or dangerous conduct .
It 's quite another to punish opinion and speech outside the classroom that does n't disrupt the activities of the classroom , " he told CNN .
Bavaro said Evans is not granting media interviews at this time .
He said she is not seeking to get rich from her lawsuit .
" We are only seeking nominal , token damages .
Maybe $ 100 .
Some token amount to show that her rights were violated , " he said .
This case is not about money . "
An attorney representing Bayer , the school principal , did not return CNN 's calls for comment .
Objective : Cognitive reserve has been proposed as important in the etiology of neuropsychiatric disorders .
However , tests of the association between premorbid IQ and adult mental disorders other than schizophrenia have been limited and inconclusive .
The authors tested the hypothesis that low childhood IQ is associated with increased risk and severity of adult mental disorders .
Method : Participants were members of a representative 1972 –1973 birth cohort of 1,037 males and females in Dunedin , New Zealand , who were followed up to age 32 with 96 % retention .
WISC -R IQ was assessed at ages 7 , 9 , and 11 .
Research diagnoses of DSM mental disorders were made at ages 18 , 21 , 26 , and 32 .
Results : Lower childhood IQ was associated with increased risk of developing schizophrenia spectrum disorder , adult depression , and adult anxiety .
Lower childhood IQ was also associated with greater comorbidity and with persistence of depression ; the association with persistence of generalized anxiety disorder was nearly significant .
Higher childhood IQ predicted increased risk of adult mania .
Conclusions : Lower cognitive reserve , as reflected by childhood IQ , is an antecedent of several common psychiatric disorders and also predicts persistence and comorbidity .
Thus , many patients who seek mental health treatment may have lower cognitive ability ; this should be considered in prevention and treatment planning .
Cognitive reserve has been proposed as an important etiologic factor in the development and severity of neuropsychiatric disorders ( 1 ) .
The construct of cognitive reserve refers to individual differences in brain structure ( e.g. , density of neuronal synapses ) and function ( e.g. , processing efficiency ) thought to buffer the effects of neuropathology .
Evidence has emerged from the rapidly evolving field of cognitive epidemiology ( 2 ) showing that IQ , a marker of cognitive reserve , is inversely related to risk of total psychiatric illness ( 3 ) .
However , with the exception of research on schizophrenia ( 4 ) , surprisingly few studies have examined the relation between IQ early in life and the risk of other specific adult psychiatric disorders .
Among those studies that have examined other disorders , the results have been inconclusive .
We report a longitudinal study of the 20 - year predictive association between childhood IQ and adult mental disorders among members of the Dunedin , New Zealand , birth cohort .
In the earlier studies , low IQ at military entry increased the risk of hospitalization for depression in male Swedish conscripts ( 5 ) but not male Danish conscripts ( 6 ) .
Studies of bipolar disorder have largely shown no association with premorbid IQ ( 5 , 7 , 8 ) , but one study of U.S. Army recruits found elevated IQ scores in bipolar patients ( 9 ) .
Low IQ has been associated with increased risk of substance use disorders in some study groups ( 6 , 10 ) but not in others ( 11 – 13 ) .
In one cohort , the association between low childhood IQ and increased risk of any anxiety disorder was attenuated to nonsignificance once other covariates were included ( 11 ) .
An inverse association between premorbid IQ and posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) has been consistently documented in military ( 14 ) and civilian samples , including our Dunedin birth cohort ( 15 ) .
However , with the exception of one report showing that lower IQ increased the risk of generalized anxiety disorder ( 16 ) , the association between premorbid IQ and other specific anxiety diagnoses has not been studied .
Understanding of the potential role of cognitive reserve in the etiology of neuropsychiatric disorders is constrained by five methodological limitations of extant research .
First , many studies have relied on IQ at military induction as a marker of cognitive reserve ( 5 , 6 ) .
Such studies cannot rule out the possibility that low IQ at induction is the consequence of prior juvenile disorder or an early prodromal disease process , rather than antecedent to disorder .
Prospective studies using IQ measured in childhood provide a more rigorous test of whether lower premorbid IQ increases the risk of subsequent disorder .
Second , most prior studies have considered either a single or limited number of disorders , making it difficult to determine whether low IQ is a general risk factor for all psychiatric disorders or a specific risk factor for select disorders with a neurodevelopmental etiology ( e.g. , schizophrenia ) .
Third , studies including a range of diagnoses have tended to rely on hospitalization records for their psychiatric outcome data ( 5 , 6 ) , which may introduce ascertainment biases .
Only individuals with the most severe forms of nonpsychotic disorders are hospitalized , and thus hospitalized patients do not represent nonpsychotic disorders in the population .
If low IQ increases the likelihood of hospitalization , the association between premorbid IQ and psychiatric disorders would be inflated .
Fourth , several of the most rigorous studies have used male samples ( 5 , 6 , 14 ) .
Studies in cohorts representing both sexes are needed .
Fifth , prior studies have predicted the presence of either lifetime disorder or disorder at the time of assessment .
However , the cognitive reserve model proposes that low IQ should be associated with the severity of psychopathology , not merely the presence versus absence of a diagnosis .
Indicators of disorder severity , such as comorbidity and persistence , should be studied .
In order to test the cognitive reserve model for psychiatric disorders , we examined whether childhood IQ predicted psychiatric disorders at the most recent follow - up of the Dunedin birth cohort , at age 32 .
Focusing on age 32 allowed greater confidence in the validity of certain diagnoses , such as substance dependence and schizophrenia , which can be difficult to make at earlier ages in cohort studies .
To allow comparison with prior reports of the association between IQ and adult disorder at one time point , we report this association between childhood IQ and past - year disorder assessed at age 32 .
However , we also capitalized on the longitudinal design of our study and report the relationship between childhood IQ and the persistence of disorder across repeated assessments carried out from age 18 to 32 .
This study overcomes several methodological limitations by using a birth cohort of both men and women who had prospective data on childhood IQ and potential confounders and who were diagnosed with specific mental disorders by means of structured clinical interview rather than hospital records .
In addition , it is one of the first studies to examine the relation between IQ and indicators of disorder severity .
Method
Participants
The participants were members of the Dunedin Multidisciplinary Health and Development Study , a longitudinal investigation of the health and behavior of a complete cohort of children born during a 1 - year period in 1972 –1973 in Dunedin , New Zealand .
The assessment at age 3 included 1,037 individuals ( 52.0 % male , 91.0 % of eligible births ) , who formed the base sample for the longitudinal study .
The cohort members represent the full range of socioeconomic status in the general population of New Zealand ’s South Island , and they are primarily white .
The cohort has been assessed at ages 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 15 , 18 , 21 , 26 , and most recently , at age 32 , when 972 participants ( 96.0 % of living cohort members ) were assessed .
The research procedure involved bringing each study member ( including emigrants living overseas ) to the research unit for an 8 - hour day of individual interviews and tests .
Each research topic was presented as a standardized module by a different trained examiner in counterbalanced order throughout the day .
After description of the study , informed consent was obtained .
This study protocol was approved by the institutional review boards of the Institute of Psychiatry , Duke University , and Dunedin School of Medicine .
The data analysis was approved by the human subjects committee at the Harvard School of Public Health .
Study members gave informed consent before participating .
Measures
IQ was assessed at ages 7 , 9 , and 11 years by means of the WISC - R ( 17 ) .
The IQs determined at the three ages were averaged and standardized .
Mental disorders were assessed in private , standardized interviews by using the Diagnostic Interview Schedule ( DIS ) ( 18 ) , with a reporting period of 12 months at each age , as described previously ( 19 ) .
At ages 26 and 32 , diagnoses followed the DSM - IV criteria .
At ages 18 and 21 , diagnoses followed the then - current DSM - III -R criteria .
Psychiatric disorders assessed at ages 18 through 32 included schizophrenia spectrum disorder , manic episode , major depression , any anxiety disorder , and cannabis , alcohol , and other drug dependence ; the last three were assessed at ages 26 and 32 only .
The specific anxiety disorders included were generalized anxiety disorder , social phobia , PTSD ( ages 26 and 32 only ) , agoraphobia , panic disorder , specific phobia , and obsessive - compulsive disorder ( OCD ) .
Interviews were conducted by experienced clinicians who had tertiary degrees in social work , medicine , or clinical psychology ( not lay interviewers ) and who were blind to the study members ’
IQ and psychiatric history .
The 12 - month prevalence rates for the Dunedin cohort ( 19 ) are comparable to 12 - month rates from the National Comorbidity Survey ( 20 ) .
The primary outcomes for this analysis were 12 - month diagnoses at age 32 .
Exceptions to the 12 - month time frame were manic episode and schizophrenia spectrum disorder , which have been diagnosed in the larger study as lifetime disorders , as will be described .
Manic illness was diagnosed if the participant met the formal DSM - IV criteria through the study ’s DIS interviews ( N=8 , 0.8 % ) .
All participants diagnosed with mania in the study by age 32 also had been diagnosed outside the study and had received prescriptions for lithium or sodium valproate .
Methods to enhance our research diagnosis of schizophrenia have been described previously ( 21 ) .
By age 32 , 1.1 % of the sample ( N=11 ) met all of the criteria for schizophrenia and had been hospitalized and / or treated with antipsychotic medications .
A further 2.5 % ( N=24 ) likewise had met all of the criteria for schizophrenia but had not yet been registered in the New Zealand health service as a schizophrenia patient .
This Dunedin cohort prevalence of 3.6 % ( N=35 ) may seem high , but it is close to the 3.5 % recently reported as the lifetime prevalence of psychosis in the general population ( 22 ) .
We conservatively use the term “ schizophrenia spectrum ” because ours is a research diagnosis and not a clinical diagnosis .
The analyses reported here of persistent disorder across repeated prospective assessments reveal a high cumulative lifetime prevalence of certain disorders in the Dunedin cohort , as compared to lifetime prevalence estimates for the same age group in retrospective surveys such as the National Comorbidity Survey ( 20 ) .
However , although prospective and retrospective studies show markedly different cumulative prevalences , they show similar past - year prevalences .
For example , major depression has a 14 % past - year prevalence across ages 15 to 32 in the Dunedin cohort , which is similar to the 12 % past - year prevalence for the 15 – 34 age group in the National Comorbidity Survey ( 20 ) .
The Dunedin cumulative prevalence is a summation of all the waves of prospectively diagnosed episodes .
Evidence suggests that assessing disorders retrospectively underestimates lifetime prevalences because of recall bias ( 23 ) .
Confounders
Variables that could be considered prior causes common to both low IQ and adult mental disorders were included as confounders in our models .
These were childhood socioeconomic status , number of perinatal insults , low birth weight , and childhood maltreatment .
Childhood socioeconomic status was measured with a scale that places parental occupation into one of six categories based on the educational level and income associated with that occupation in the New Zealand census ( 24 ) .
The correlation between childhood socioeconomic status and IQ was significant ( r=0.41 , N=986 , p<0.001 ) .
The number of perinatal insults included a count of 12 prenatal and 12 neonatal problems recorded by clinicians during the mother ’s pregnancy ( 25 ) .
Participants were coded as having none , one , or two or more perinatal insults .
The correlation between perinatal insults and childhood IQ was also significant ( r=–0.07 , N=991 , p<0.05 ) .
Low birth weight was defined as a birth weight below 2.50 kg ; this too was significantly correlated with childhood IQ ( r=–0.06 , N=991 , p<0.05 ) .
Childhood maltreatment has been described previously ( 26 ) .
Briefly , the measure includes assessment of 1 ) maternal rejection at age 3 years , 2 ) harsh discipline at ages 7 and 9 years , 3 ) two or more changes in the child ’s primary caregiver , and 4 ) physical and sexual abuse reported by study members once they reached adulthood .
Our cumulative exposure index for each child is a count of the number of maltreatment indicators during the first decade of life : 64.2 % of the children experienced no maltreatment , 26.6 % experienced one indicator of maltreatment , and 9.2 % experienced two or more indicators of maltreatment .
The correlation between childhood maltreatment and IQ was significant ( r=–0.13 , N=990 , p<0.001 ) .
Data Analysis
First , using logistic regression , we tested whether lower childhood IQ predicted an increased risk of a diagnosis at age 32 .
The comparison group comprised healthy participants , i.e. , those not diagnosed with any psychiatric disorder at age 32 ( N=583 ) .
Because there are sex differences in the prevalences of specific psychiatric disorders , we adjusted the model for each diagnosis for sex .
We then ran the model after adjusting for sex and the remaining confounders ( socioeconomic status , number of perinatal insults , low birth weight , childhood maltreatment ) .
The strength of the associations between childhood IQ and adult disorders is presented by odds ratios with 95 % confidence intervals ( CIs ) .
Second , we investigated the relationship between childhood IQ and severity of psychiatric illness , operationalized by comorbidity and persistence .
Comorbidity was defined as the number of diagnostic families for which a participant met the criteria at age 32 .
The four diagnostic families were as follows : any psychotic disorder , any mood disorder , any anxiety disorder , and any substance dependence .
Using logistic regression , we tested whether childhood IQ predicted having psychiatric disorders from two or more diagnostic families at age 32 .
Persistence was defined as having met the criteria for a disorder at two or more assessments across ages 18 , 21 , 26 , and 32 .
Persistence was defined for the following disorders : major depressive episode , any anxiety disorder , generalized anxiety disorder , social phobia , agoraphobia , panic disorder , simple phobia , OCD , cannabis dependence , and alcohol dependence .
Other diagnostic groups were either too small to be subdivided for the persistence analysis or were not assessed at all four waves .
In separate logistic regressions , we tested whether childhood IQ predicted having two or more episodes of a disorder among participants who were diagnosed with the disorder at least once .
The strength of the associations between childhood IQ and both comorbidity and persistence is represented by odds ratios with 95 % CIs .
The effect size for childhood IQ for all analyses is presented as Cohen ’s d ( 27 ) .
Results
Figure 1 presents the mean childhood IQs and 95 % CIs for the healthy comparison subjects , participants with specific psychiatric disorders , and those with disorders in two or more diagnostic families .
Figure 1 . Childhood IQs for Individuals With Specific Mental Disorders at Age 32 in a Representative 1972 –1973 Birth Cohort ( N=935 ) a a Diagnoses were based on interviews covering the preceding 12 months .
The numbers of participants with specific disorders are presented in Table 1 . b N=583 . c N=134 .
These participants had disorders in two or more of the following diagnostic families : psychotic disorders , mood disorders , anxiety disorders , and substance dependence .
Table 1 presents the proportions of participants with specific diagnoses by childhood IQ categorized according to standard deviation units ( 15 points ) from the mean .
For each standard deviation increase in childhood IQ , the participants had a 42 % ( 95 % CI : 16%–59 % ) reduction in the odds of a lifetime schizophrenia spectrum diagnosis , a 23 % ( 95 % CI : 6%–37 % ) reduction in the odds of an adult depression diagnosis , and a 26 % ( 95 % CI : 12%–38 % ) reduction in the odds of an adult anxiety disorder diagnosis .
These results remained significant after adjustment , although the finding for schizophrenia spectrum disorder became marginal with the addition of statistical controls for confounders .
IQ was not associated with alcohol , cannabis , or other drug dependence .
In contrast , higher IQ increased the risk of mania .
For specific anxiety disorders , higher childhood IQ predicted a 29 % ( 95 % CI : 8 %–45 % ) reduction in the odds of having generalized anxiety disorder and a 40 % ( 95 % CI : 23 %–53 % ) reduction in the odds of social phobia .
Higher IQ also appeared to reduce the risk of PTSD and agoraphobia .
These effects were nonsignificant owing to the small number of cases , but the effect sizes for these diagnoses were similar to the significant effect sizes for major depression and generalized anxiety disorder .
The effect sizes for the predictive associations between childhood IQ and adult psychiatric disorders were small to moderate , except for mania , which had a large effect size ( Table 1 , last column ) .
Figure 2 presents the proportion of participants with comorbid disorders in two or more diagnostic families at age 32 in childhood IQ groups categorized according to standard deviation units from the mean .
Each standard deviation unit increase in IQ was associated with reduced risk of psychiatric comorbidity ( odds ratio : 0.67 , 95 % CI : 0.55 –0.82 , p<0.001 ) in a dose - response fashion .
The effect of IQ on comorbidity remained significant after adjustment for potential confounders ( odds ratio : 0.74 , 95 % CI : 0.60 –0.92 , p=0.006 ) .
The effect size for the association between childhood IQ and comorbidity was 0.36 .
Figure 2 . Relation of Childhood IQ to Comorbidity of Mental Disorders at Age 32 for a Representative 1972 –1973 Birth Cohort ( N=935 ) a a IQ is categorized according to standard deviation units ( SD=15 ) from the mean ( 100 points ) .
Diagnoses were based on interviews covering the preceding 12 months .
b N=134 .
These participants had disorders in two or more of the following diagnostic families : psychotic disorders , mood disorders , anxiety disorders , and substance dependence .
Table 2 presents the predictive association between childhood IQ and disorder persistence .
Each standard deviation increase in IQ was associated with significantly reduced risk of persistence for depression .
The association between higher IQ and less persistent generalized anxiety disorder was not statistically significant owing to the small number of cases ( N=20 ) of persistent generalized anxiety disorder between ages 18 and 32 .
At age 11 , which overlapped with one administration of the WISC-R , 66 children had diagnosed depression or anxiety .
To ensure that these childhood disorders did not confound our findings by interfering with IQ testing , we reanalyzed the data using the IQs at ages 7 and 9 .
The findings were consistent with those already presented .
Discussion
Lower childhood IQ predicted significantly increased risk of a diagnosis of schizophrenia spectrum disorder , major depression , or any anxiety disorder in adulthood .
Lower IQ was not linked to adult substance dependence disorders .
In contrast , higher , not lower , childhood IQ was significantly associated with mania , although only eight cohort members received this diagnosis .
This finding for mania warrants replication , because it is counter to the cognitive reserve hypothesis , and thus it may have resulted from chance .
Also , this finding is relevant to the debate about whether schizophrenia and mania are etiologically distinct .
In addition , as predicted by the theory of cognitive reserve , lower childhood IQ was associated with greater comorbidity at age 32 and with more persistent major depression from 18 to 32 years of age ; the association with more persistent generalized anxiety disorder was nearly significant .
These associations were not confounded by sex , childhood socioeconomic status , perinatal insults , low birth weight , or childhood maltreatment .
To our knowledge , this is the first report of the association between childhood IQ and the full range of adult anxiety disorders .
We found no association between childhood IQ and either the prevalence or persistence of simple phobia , panic disorder , or OCD .
In contrast , lower childhood IQ was a risk factor for generalized anxiety disorder and social phobia , and lower IQ appeared to predict increased risk of PTSD and agoraphobia , although these associations were not significant because of the small number of participants with these diagnoses .
Previous analyses of data from this cohort support the predictive association between lower childhood IQ and subsequent PTSD ; lower IQ predicted the 96 cases of lifetime PTSD up to age 26 and new cases of PTSD between the ages of 26 and 32 ( 15 ) .
Childhood IQ was not associated here with a diagnosis of alcohol , cannabis , or other drug dependence at age 32 , a result consistent with findings in at least two other prospective studies ( 11 , 12 ) .
Moreover , childhood IQ did not predict persistent alcohol or cannabis dependence .
The lack of an association between childhood IQ and the substance dependence diagnoses in our fully adjusted models suggests that any previously observed associations may have been due to confounding factors .
Limitations
This study has four main limitations .
First , since persistence was based on a cumulative count of diagnoses , each of which was ascertained in a past - year assessment at ages 18 , 21 , 26 , and 32 , gaps between our past - year assessments may have led us to undercount some cohort members ’ episodes of disorder .
However , with this prospective approach , disorders are not undercounted because of participants ’ failure to recall criterion symptoms from years past , as occurs in retrospective surveys ( 28 ) .
Moreover , we have shown that there is little case undercounting as a result of the gaps between past - year assessments .
For example , only eight cohort members who had received mental health services for depression or anxiety in the years between assessments had not been diagnosed by the study ’s repeated psychiatric interviews ; no cases of psychosis , suicide , or substance dependence were missed .
Second , our study to date has followed participants only through age 32 .
Further research must determine whether childhood IQ predicts disorders in older groups .
Third , although we tested a directional hypothesis and emphasized effect sizes over p values , our comparison across multiple disorders required multiple statistical tests , and thus findings should be replicated .
Fourth , results of the present study are limited to a single , contemporary cohort of New Zealand young adults .
Further research is required to determine whether our findings will generalize to other times and places .
Conclusions
Our findings are consistent with the theory that lower cognitive reserve , as operationalized by childhood IQ , is a risk factor for major depression and certain anxiety disorders , with greater comorbidity and persistence of disorder .
The mechanism through which low childhood IQ might confer these risks is unknown .
We posit four mechanisms that warrant research .
These are probably not mutually exclusive .
First , lower childhood IQ may be a marker of neuroanatomical deficits that increase vulnerability to certain mental disorders .
Imaging studies of intelligence and brain structure and function reveal regions implicated in psychiatric conditions ( 29 ) .
For example , IQ is positively correlated with cerebellar volume ( 30 ) , and verbal IQ has been shown to correlate with hippocampal volume in male children ( 31 ) .
Smaller white matter and hippocampal volumes have been associated with depression and anxiety in correlational studies ( 32 , 33 ) .
Second , lower childhood IQ may be associated with adult psychiatric disorders through psychosocial stress .
Individuals with lower childhood IQs are less equipped to cope with stressful life events , making them potentially more vulnerable to developing disorders after such events .
Stressful life events are important in the etiology of major depression , generalized anxiety disorder , PTSD , and social phobia in particular ( 34 , 35 ) .
Lower childhood IQ may also be a marker of deficits in cognitive functioning that make activities of daily living more challenging and , therefore , stressful .
Daily activities common in our modern society , such as negotiating complicated public transportation systems , completing income tax forms , comparison shopping , managing money , helping children with homework , and navigating the Internet are more demanding for individuals with lower IQs ( 36 ) .
Individuals with lower IQs also tend to obtain low - status , low - skilled jobs ( 37 ) , which involve working conditions that have been shown to increase the risk of depression and anxiety in the Dunedin cohort ( 38 ) .
Third , the association between childhood IQ and adult psychiatric disorders may be mediated by mental health knowledge .
Mental health literacy is posited to reduce risk and improve outcomes for psychiatric disorders by facilitating early help - seeking , improving access to evidence - based care , and promoting treatment compliance ( 39 ) .
IQ has been shown to be the major determinant of health knowledge ( 40 ) .
Individuals with lower IQs are likely to have worse mental health literacy .
A fourth possibility is that IQ has little causal effect on mental health but that , rather , lower IQ is an antecedent to certain mental disorders because it shares some common etiology with them .
For example , twin studies have shown that a common genetic liability accounts for part of the association between cognitive ability and posttraumatic stress disorder ( 14 ) .
We cannot determine from our data here whether the association between lower IQ and adult mental disorders is environmentally or genetically mediated .
Given that lower childhood IQ predicted greater psychiatric comorbidity in this study , it seems likely that many individuals who seek mental health treatment may also have lower cognitive ability .
Patients with lower cognitive ability could have difficulty accessing services or difficulty understanding and complying with treatment protocols .
These individuals may benefit from interventions aimed at improving mental health literacy .
Cognitive ability may , therefore , be important to consider in prevention and in treatment planning .
But largely overlooked in the heated discussions of damage award caps , special health courts , expert panels and national compensation schedules is the inescapable truth that the medical malpractice system has only a negligible impact on overall American health care costs .
( As President Obama rightly lectured the House GOP caucus in January , " At best , this could reduce health care costs relative to where they 're growing by a couple of percentage points . " )
Republican horror stories of a torrent of baseless malpractice suits producing " jackpot justice " that fuels rising premiums for physicians and patients alike while driving doctors from practice simply do n't comport with reality .
The overstated , overblown , over the top and often outright false GOP claims suggest that the Republicans ' real target is not the flawed American malpractice system , but instead the nation 's trial lawyers whose campaign contributions help bankroll the Democratic Party .
Here , then , is a look at Republican Malpractice Myths :
Myth # 1 : An Explosion of Malpractice Litigation
Back in August , former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin offered her diagnosis of the medical tort system on her Facebook page :
I went my whole life without needing a lawyer on speed - dial , but all that changes when you become a target for opportunists and people with no scruples .
Our nation 's health care providers have been the targets of similar opportunists for years , and they too have found themselves subjected to false , frivolous , and baseless claims .
To quote a former president , " I feel your pain . "
Sadly , the data are clear .
If anything , the United States has too few , and not too many , malpractice actions .
In 2003 , the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies issued a devastating report detailing the scope and gravity of the safety of the U.S. health care system .
Two studies showed that " at least 44,000 people , and perhaps as many as 98,000 people , die in hospitals each year as a result of medical errors that could have been prevented . "
As the New York Times ' David Leonhardt found in September 2009 , " After reviewing thousands of patient records , medical researchers have estimated that only 2 to 3 percent of cases of medical negligence lead to a malpractice claim . "
And as Tom Baker , director of the Insurance Law Center at the University of Connecticut School of Law and author of The Malpractice Myth , noted in August , the rate of claims is going down :
" We have approximately the same number of claims today as in the late 1980s .
Think about that .
The cost of health care has doubled since then .
The number of medical encounters between doctors and patients has gone up -- and research shows a more or less constant rate of errors per hospitalizations .
That means we have a declining rate of lawsuits relative to numbers of injuries . "
Myth # 2 : A System Plagued by Frivolous Lawsuits
Just 10 days after Palin 's predictable lawyer bashing , Arizona Republican Senator John Kyl followed suit with his own indictment :
Of course , malpractice lawsuits serve a valuable purpose for those who have truly been wronged , but malpractice law is often abused by some trial lawyers who flood courts with baseless lawsuits .
As it turns out , not so much .
As Baker noted , epidemiological studies on medical malpractice in the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s found about one serious injury per 100 hospitalizations , with only about only 4 to 7 percent of those injured bringing a case .
The myth of rapacious trial lawyers and their greedy clients filing baseless malpractice claims was also debunked by a May 2006 study from the Harvard School of Public Health .
The report , which appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine , exhaustively examined 1,452 medical malpractice cases " to determine whether a medical injury had occurred and , if so , whether it was due to medical error . "
In a nutshell , the study found that by and large the American system of medical personal injury compensation works , with valid claims receiving compensation and frivolous ones not :
Most of the claims that were not associated with errors ( 370 of 515 [ 72 percent ] ) or injuries ( 31 of 37 [ 84 percent ] ) did not result in compensation ; most that involved injuries due to error did ( 653 of 889 [ 73 percent ] ) .
Payment of claims not involving errors occurred less frequently than did the converse form of inaccuracy - nonpayment of claims associated with errors .
Myth # 3 : Rising Damage Awards Key to Higher Malpractice Premiums
In an October 20 , 2009 press release in which he proclaimed , " We all work for the American people , not the trial lawyers , " Senator Kyl announced :
" To help guard themselves from ruinous lawsuits , physicians must purchase expensive medical liability insurance - often at a cost of $ 200,000 or more for some specialists , such as obstetricians and anesthesiologists . "
But the data show that on average , inflation - adjusted physician insurance premiums declined in the 1990's from their mid-1980 's peaks before the accelerating increases of this decade .
Something other than dubious lawsuits and jury awards must be behind the fluctuation .
That something , as Baker suggests , lies with the insurers ' underwriting cycles .
Numerous studies have consistently shown that increasing damage awards from malpractice explain only a small portion of the rapid rise in health care costs .
A January 2004 study by the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) found from 1986 to 2002 , malpractice insurance premiums jumped 15 % per year , while the average damage award rose only 8 % ( $ 95,000 to $ 320,000 ) .
The jump in malpractice premiums has been almost double the rate of increase in health care costs per person , and roughly four times the rate of inflation .
The CBO report also points out that " although the cost per successful claim has increased , the rate of such claims has remained relatively constant .
Each year , about 15 malpractice claims are filed for every 100 physicians , and about 30 percent of those claims result in an insurance payment . "
As the CBO concludes , GAO data shows that about half of the increase in doctors ' malpractice premiums is due to the drop in annual investment returns by the top 15 insurers .
Recent low profit rates and market consolidation among insurers is creating additional upwards price pressure .
In The Malpractice Myth , Tom Baker 's analysis supports the CBO 's conclusion that insurance underwriting cycles , and not more malpractice lawsuits or larger damage awards , are largely responsible for the increase in physicians ' insurance premiums :
" It 's not crazy to think that malpractice lawsuits are the reason for the insurance premium hikes ... Not crazy , but not right , either ... The insurance industry goes through a boom - and - bust cycle that creates malpractice insurance crises like this pas one .
Lawyers , judges and juries have little or nothing to do with it . "
All of which suggests Orrin Hatch 's push for a cap of $ 250,000 on non-economic damages - mirroring laws in Texas , Mississippi , Arizona and other states - is both the wrong diagnosis and the wrong prescription .
Myth # 4 : Rising Malpractice Insurance Rates Driving Doctors from Practice
Back in 2004 , President George W. Bush in his famously garbled declaration decried malpractice lawsuits and premiums he claimed were driving physicians from the business :
" Too many OB / GYNs are n't able to practice their love with women all across this country . "
And on this point , the University of Connecticut 's Baker found some confirmation in the data for some regions , primarily rural areas , and for some specialties , including obstetrics .
( It is worth noting that the South and West have experienced " long - standing supply problems in rural areas " due to " inadequate financial opportunities for doctors " coupled with a lack of health insurance among the people there . )
So , it comes as no surprise that a cavalcade of Republican leaders , including Sarah Palin , Rick Perry , John Cornyn , John Kyl cited the same study showing malpractice awards caps enacted in 2003 in Texas fueled an increase in the number of physicians in the Lone Star State :
According to the Pacific Research Institute , medical licenses in Texas have increased 18 percent in the last four years , with 7,000 new doctors moving to the state .
The actual impact of the Texas law , however , remains in dispute .
The state 's rising population , its 48th place ranking in physicians per capita , its staggering percentage of uninsured , its lack of an income tax and the 147 % jump in malpractice premiums in 2003 alone make gauging the unique contribution of malpractice caps difficult to assess .
Regardless , health care costs in Texas have continued their upward spiral .
What seems beyond dispute is that other malpractice cap states like Mississippi have not seen an influx of new doctors .
The Jackson Free Press took exception to Governor Haley Barbour 's claim that tort reform meant that physicians " have quit leaving the state and limiting their practices to avoid lawsuit abuse " :
But non-partisan facts show that doctors were never really leaving the state in the first place .
A 2003 Government Accountability Office report , " Medical Malpractice : Implications of Rising Premiums on Access to Health Care , " took a hard look at five medical " crisis " states -- Mississippi , Nevada , Pennsylvania , West Virginia and Florida -- and dismissed reports of doctor emigration from states .
Information compiled by the American Medical Association -- which supports tort reform and President Obama 's vision of health reform -- shows that the number of physicians in Mississippi rose steadily in years leading up to tort - reform legislation in 2004 , and even slowed its increase following 2004 .
From 2004 to 2005 , the state actually recorded no increase over the 5,872 doctors counted in 2004 , and added only 18 new physicians in 2006 .
The year 2007 reflected an increase of 71 physicians -- still less than the 145 - increase between 2000 and 2001 and the 99 - doctor increase between 1998 and 1999 .
Even the time between 2002 and 2003 - - arguably the years of the worst tort abuse , according to tort - reform proponents -- experienced a growth in the state doctor population of 140 .
Myth # 5 : Medical Malpractice Reform Would Save U.S. $ 200 Billion Annually
On October 4th , Senator Kyl made this wholly unsubstantiated claim to CNN's John King :
" Almost everybody agrees that we can save between $ 100 billion and $ 200 billion if we had effective medical malpractice reform . "
By " almost everybody , " John Kyl meant the leading lights of the Republican Party and its amen corner in the right - wing media .
The mythical $ 200 billion figure has its genesis in a 1996 paper by Daniel McKessen and Mark McClellan , who later worked for President Bush .
Looking only at heart patients in hospital settings , the paper concluded that " malpractice reforms that directly reduce provider liability pressure lead to reductions of 5 to 9 percent in medical expenditures without substantial effects on mortality or medical complications . "
Extrapolated to the entire $ 2 trillion U.S. health sector , the hypothetical savings from that magical 9 % would catapult to $ 200 billion a year .
For the mouthpieces of the right ( and even some , like Bill Bradley , on the left ) , that figure became the gospel truth .
For her part , Sarah Palin lifted the fuzzy math directly from Dr. Stuart Weinstein , with the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons :
" If the Kessler and McClellan estimates were applied to total U.S. healthcare spending in 2005 , the defensive medicine costs would total between $ 100 billion and $ 178 billion per year .
Add to this the cost of defending malpractice cases , paying compensation , and covering additional administrative costs ( a total of $ 29.4 billion ) .
Thus , the average American family pays an additional $ 1,700 to $ 2,000 per year in healthcare costs simply to cover the costs of defensive medicine . "
But as FactCheck.org , Media Matters and a host of others documented , both the GAO and the CBO itself long ago rejected that very extrapolation .
The Congressional Budget Office found " no evidence that restrictions on tort liability reduce medical spending " and concluded :
" In short , the evidence available to date does not make a strong case that restricting malpractice liability would have a significant effect , either positive or negative , on economic efficiency . "
In 2006 , the CBO examined the links between tort limits and health care spending , with results it deemed " inconsistent " and " mixed . "
That followed CBO 's findings two years earlier which documented the minimal impact that increases in medical malpractice insurance premiums have on overall health care costs .
As Media Matters noted :
A 2004 CBO report concluded that capping awards at $ 250,000 for non-economic damages in medical malpractice lawsuits " would basically save only 0.4 percent of the amount that 's spent now " on health care .
According to the report , " [ M ] alpractice costs amounted to an estimated $ 24 billion in 2002 , but that figure represents less than 2 percent of overall health care spending .
Thus , even a reduction of 25 percent to 30 percent in malpractice costs would lower health care costs by only about 0.4 percent to 0.5 percent , and the likely effect on health insurance premiums would be comparably small . "
Myth # 6 : Defensive Medicine Costs $ 200 Billion a Year
Given the comparatively insignificant direct costs of the malpractice justice system itself ( $ 30.4 billion in 2007 for damage awards , lawyers ' fee and administrative costs , according to the actuarial consulting firm Towers Perrin ) , the question of savings from tort reform proposals hinges on so - called " defensive medicine . "
This represents the extra procedures , tests , doctor referrals and hospitals visits physicians order just to protect them from potential future litigation .
Estimates of such wasteful spending vary .
As the Times ' David Leonhardt noted :
Amitabh Chandra -- a Harvard economist whose research is cited by both the American Medical Association and the trial lawyers ' association -- says $ 60 billion a year , or about 3 percent of overall medical spending , is a reasonable upper - end estimate .
Not to be outdone , writing in the Wall Street Journal Philip K. Howard put the figure slightly higher .
Make that three times higher :
" Eliminating defensive medicine could save upwards of $ 200 billion in health - care costs annually , according to estimates by the American Medical Association and others . "
On this point , the CBO weighed in last fall .
As Director Douglas Elmendorf wrote on his blog , the CBO has revised its earlier analyses to peg the savings from reductions in defensive medicine due to Hatch 's proposed tort reform at $ 11 billion a year :
Because of mixed evidence about whether tort reform affects the utilization of health care services , past analyses by CBO have focused on the impact of tort reform on premiums for malpractice insurance .
However , more recent research has provided additional evidence to suggest that lowering the cost of medical malpractice tends to reduce the use of health care services .
CBO now estimates that implementing a typical package of tort reform proposals nationwide would reduce total U.S. health care spending by about 0.5 percent ( about $ 11 billion in 2009 ) .
That figure is the sum of a direct reduction in spending of 0.2 percent from lower medical liability premiums and an additional indirect reduction of 0.3 percent from slightly less utilization of health care services .
A billion here and a billion there and pretty soon , as the saying goes , you 're talking about real money .
Just not anything that resembles the jaw - dropping figures routinely spouted by Republican leaders .
As Tom Baker concluded regarding the malpractice myths propagated by GOP sound bites on tort reform :
" It 's a red herring .
It 's become a talking point for those who want to obstruct change .
But [ tort reform ] does n't accomplish the goal of bringing down costs . "
NOTE : " Republican Malpractice Myths " originally appeared at Perrspectives on October 23 , 2009 .
Malaysia and China have agreed to an $ 11 billion deal that will turn a vast area of Sarawak , a Malaysian state in northern Borneo , into an industrial corridor for mining and energy development , reports The Financial Times .
The suite of projects includes at least four hydroelectric dams ( up to 28,000 MW of power ) , aluminum - smelting and steel plants , coal mines ( 1.46 billion metric tons ) , and natural gas development ( nearly 41 billion cubic feet ) , according the state government .
The scheme is expected to drive industrial development in a part of Malaysia that is still largely undeveloped — nomadic tribes and rare wildlife still stalk rainforests in the area .
Environmentalists say the projects will displace indigenous groups and destroy important ecosystems , endangered biodiversity and contributing to Malaysia ’s surging greenhouse gas emissions .
Some critics argue the plan also marks a move away from technology and knowledge - based industries of peninsular Malaysia , towards energy - intensive extractive industries .
But with Malaysia reeling from an exodus of capital over the past two years , the projects have strong support at the state and federal levels .
Officials hope the plan will attract foreign investment to the region .
Related articles
Dams a ‘ monument of corruption ’ : Baru Bian , new leader of Sarawak ’s People ’s Justice Party
( 01/12/2010 )
In an interview with the Bruno Manser Fond , the new leader of the Malaysian state Sarawak ’s People ’s Justice Party ( PKR ) , Baru Bian , spoke out against the state government ’s plans for mega- dams in the middle of the rainforest , as well as continued rainforest destruction and corruption .
Coal plant could damage rainforest reserves , coral reefs , palm oil plantations in Malaysian Borneo
( 12/20/2009 )
A proposed coal - fired power plant in Malaysian Borneo could damage the region ’s world - renowned coral reefs , pollute air and water supplies , open Sabah ’s biodiverse rainforests to mining , and undermine the state ’s effort to promote itself as a destination for “ green ” investment and ecotourism , warn environmentalists leading an effort to block the project .
The scheme , which is backed by the federal Tenaga Nasional Berhad and state energy company , Sabah Electricity Sdn .
Bhd , has faced strong opposition and already been forced to re-locate twice since it was conceived more than two years ago .
The 300 - MW plant is now planned for a coastal area that is situated in the middle of the Coral Triangle / Sulu Sulawesi Marine Ecoregion , an area renowned for astounding levels of biodiversity .
Power , profit , and pollution : dams and the uncertain future of Sarawak
( 09/03/2009 ) Sarawak , land of mystery , legend , and remote upriver tribes .
Paradise of lush rainforest and colossal bat - filled caves .
Home to unique and bizarre wildlife including flying lemurs , bearcats , orang - utans and rat-eating plants .
Center of heavy industry and powerhouse of Southeast Asia .
Come again ?
This jarring image could be the future of Sarawak , a Malaysian state on the island of Borneo , should government plans for a complex of massive hydroelectric dams comes to fruition .
The plan , which calls for a network of 12 hydroelectric dams to be built across Sarawak ’s rainforests by 2020 , is proceeding despite strong opposition from Sarawak ’s citizens , environmental groups , and indigenous human rights organizations .
By 2037 , as many as 51 dams could be constructed .
I started this blog for a number of reasons .
One of them was to have a good excuse to write funny things .
Actually , that was one of the ...
Right now , 10 to 15 Rubik ’s Cube - sized satellites are orbiting high above Earth .
Known as cube satellites , or “ CubeSats , ” the devices help researchers conduct simple space observations and measure characteristics of Earth ’s atmosphere .
One advantage is that they are relatively cheap to deploy :
While launching a rocket may cost between $ 50 million and $ 300 million , a CubeSat can “ piggyback ” onto a large rocket platform at an additional cost of as little as $ 40,000 .
But their small size also means they lack on - board propulsion systems , which is why they generally remain locked to a particular orbit .
That could soon change , however .
Paulo Lozano , the H.N. Slater Assistant Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics at MIT , is designing a tiny propulsion system that could allow the satellites , which weigh about a kilogram and are used for tasks that do n’t require precise orbit control , to travel great distances and perform more serious tasks , such as searching for planets outside our solar system .
The technology , which is based on the process of extracting and accelerating charged ions , or atoms that have gained or lost an electron , could make CubeSats much more useful for organizations or countries that until now have had limited access to space .
For decades , the only way to get objects into space from Earth — and then propel them through space — was to use chemical propulsion systems .
But the systems require a lot of propellant , or fuel , and have n’t been miniaturized to the scale appropriate for a CubeSat .
By changing the design from chemical to electric , and to one that relies on a simple power supply , Lozano has created a system that produces more efficient thrust — the force created when mass is accelerated in a certain direction — than that produced by a chemical - based system , which produces a low thrust per gram of propellant .
About the size of a computer chip , the mini - thruster design also overcomes the size constraints of chemical propulsion and other forms of electric propulsion because it does not require a bulky chamber to burn ( chemical ) or extract ions from ( electric ) the propellant .
Although other electric propulsion systems have been developed , Lozano ’s is considered superior because it uses only one power supply .
With funding from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , Lozano has been developing the technology to make the mini-thruster .
The Air Force and other government agencies are interested in using CubeSats that can move between different orbits in space , and more specifically , that have the propulsion required to reenter Earth ’s atmosphere and destroy themselves at the end of their mission ( thereby keeping them from becoming “ space junk ” ) .
The thruster design requires that the total volume of the propulsion system be less than 10 percent of the CubeSat .
“ The goal is to have a space engine that leaves plenty of room for the payload , or cargo , of the CubeSat , ” Lozano said .
Certain missions require chemical propulsion , such as a trip to the moon , because in order to land on the moon ’s surface , the amount of force from the engine must be at least equal to the weight of the lander , a value that Lozano said is generally “ way too high ” for electric propulsion engines .
But chemical - based systems are severely limited by the fact that the vehicle mass must be made mostly of propellant , which leaves little room for the payload .
Quite often the propellant must also be stored in a pressurized container with thick walls and pipes , further limiting the payload size .
Although other electric propulsion systems exist , they require a pressurized container to store the propellant .
Vadim Khayms , a systems engineer at Lockheed Martin , explained that most electric propulsion systems have n’t been scaled to operate at very low power levels and are typically suitable for larger satellites that have more power available and require more thrust .
He is not aware of another electric propulsion system designed for CubeSats .
“ You probably could n’t use any other existing electric propulsion [ systems ] on these very small satellites , ” Khayms said of Lozano ’s design .
How the power system works
Lozano ’s design relies on electrospraying , a physics process that uses electricity to extract positive and negative ions from a liquid salt that is created in a laboratory and serves as the system ’s propellant .
The liquid contains no solvent , such as water , and can be charged electrically with no heat involved .
Whereas other electric propulsion systems charge the ions in a chamber on the satellite , the ionic liquid in Lozano ’s design has already been charged on the ground , which is why his system does n’t need a chamber .
Electricity is then converted from the main power source of the CubeSat , typically batteries or a solar panel , and applied to a tiny structure roughly the size of a postage stamp .
This thin panel is made of about 1,000 porous metal structures that resemble needles and have several grams of the ionic liquid on them .
By applying voltage to the needles , an electric field is created that extracts the ions from the liquid , accelerates them at very high speeds and forces them to fly away .
This process creates an ionic force strong enough to produce thrust .
Whereas chemical rockets waste too much propellant to reach a net change in spacecraft velocity , electric thrusters can do exactly the same mission using just a small fraction of the propellant .
The only difference is one of time : Although electric propulsion is very fuel efficient , it is slower due to power limitations .
“ Eventually , you ’ll run out of propellant , but that is the benefit of electric propulsion because it accelerates so fast that you do n’t need a lot of it , ” he said .
“ No other electric propulsion system would be so compact and efficient at the same time . ”
Because the mini- thrusters are scalable , thousands of them could be built into long , thin panels to produce thrust for a much larger spacecraft that requires low , but steady , acceleration .
“ There ’s no impediment to making a whole table of them similar to a solar panel , ” Lozano said .
“ This gives you a lot more flexibility in what you can do . ”
Lozano predicts that CubeSats using this technology will become a reality in less than three years .
He plans to have a prototype of the mini - thruster in four to five months and hopes to begin testing it to measure performance metrics such as the velocity of the ions and their energy to figure out the force produced by the engine .
Knowing this , researchers can estimate its efficiency .
After Lozano delivers a prototype this year , his team will look for additional support to turn the design into a flight version .
One of the most frequent questions you hear about Grammy - winning singer Seal is , " What happened to Seal 's face ? "
Seal is famous for singing " Kiss From a Rose " and other award - winning songs .
But he is also well - known for his visible facial scarring .
Lines of scarring are clearly visible on both sides of his face .
( To see a close - up image of Seal 's face , click on the Related Link . )
Speculating About What Happened to Seal 's Countenance
It is easy to speculate about Seal 's scars .
The raised lines of scarring look like something you might get in a knife fight resulting in scars .
The scars might also look like scars from a car accident or similar mishap causing scars .
Jet magazine quotes Seal as saying : " People want the scars to be tribal scars .
That 's just the nature of the media and of people 's imaginations . "
Source : Celebrities Who Have Overcome Obstacles , Jet , June 10 , 1996 , available at books.google.com .
What Really Happened to Seal 's Countenance
But Seal 's scars are not the result of violence .
Jet reported that Seal 's facial scars are the result of the disease lupus .
At age 23 , Seal developed discoid lupus erythematosus ( DLE ) , a rare form of the disease causing scars .
Source : Celebrities Who Have Overcome Obstacles , Jet , June 10 , 1996 , available at books.google.com .
According to The Lupus Book , only ten percent of lupus patients have DLE .
Thick , scaly lesions appear on these patients ' skin , especially skin that is exposed to sunlight .
If untreated , the lesions can turn cancerous .
Source : Daniel J. Wallace , The Lupus Book , 4th ed. , Oxford University Press , pages 70 - 71 .
Lupus is an auto - immune disease that is passed down genetically .
It is unknown when Seal 's Lupus developed .
A number of on - line sources claim that Seal developed lupus as an infant or as a teen ( e.g. , as of April 5 , 2009 , Wikipedia 's entry for Seal claims the disease presented itself when Seal was a teen , though no sources are cited ) .
I have not found any authoritative source for that claim .
As cited previously , Jet magazine claims Seal did not show signs of the disease until age 23 .
This claim is consistent with public comments Seal has made .
Discoid Lupus is a chronic skin condition of sores with inflammation and scarring favoring the face , ears , and scalp and at times on other body areas .
The exact cause of this auto - immune disease is unknown .
Seal Samuel has a skin ailment called discoid lupus .
There is a half moon scar that lies under his eyes due to this ailment .
But this scar it seems had begun to form since his childhood days .
Bitte aktivieren Sie Javascript , um den NewsTicker zu betrachten .
FLEXIBLE LINING PRODUCTS Ltd UK DIRECT SUPPLIER of ClassicBond EPDM rubber roofing membrane , Flexible Pond Liners and geosynthetic materials including Swedish Butyl , Sealeco EPDM Greenseal Pond Liners , Tailored or Box Welded liners , Firestone Pondgard EPDM .
We stock Firestone RubberCover EPDM , Coir Rolls & Geotextiles , Nophadrain Green Roof Systems , Terram , Polyfelt Geotextiles , FLP Commercial Weed and Landscape materials .
Our range also includes Bodpave 40 and Bodpave 85 plastic porous pavers for gravel and grass paver reinforcement applications .
TrufProtecta and GrassProtecta plastic mesh grass reinforcement mesh from Boddingtons Ltd .
Targeting not only the home owner and professional contractor direct , but the aquatic retailer , horticulture , landscaper and and industrial market sectors .
We have increased our range significantly over the past few years enabling us to offer an unrivalled selection of materials and engineered solutions for a variety of applications including Weed Control , Erosion Prevention , Ground Stabilisation , Slope Reinforcement , Root Protection Barriers , Pavement , Drainage , Landscaping and Pond Lining .
PLEASE VISIT OUR NEW WEBSITE
We are able to offer our customers a consistent and highly specialised service , credible knowledge base , expert technical support and design information to ensure an economical quality solution to any project or application .
If required we can provide a project management , full or part installation service through one of our approved installers
Flexible Lining Products
Limited recognises a need to act in an environmentally conscious manner , and are committed to the personal and social benefits that plant , wildlife and aquatic habitats bring to both private and public spaces .
In association with stategic partnerships , FLP 's goal is to share our passion combined with long - term environmental development strategies , encouraging the creation of these valuable assets , ensuring a better quality of life for everyone to be enjoyed and appreciated now , and for generations to come .
PLEASE VISIT OUR NEW WEBSITE
All liners purchased contain useful information , hints and tips kindly supplied by DEFRA , WWT & the Pond Conservation Charity for your perfect pond .
- Designing ponds for wildlife
- Be Plant Wise Campaign
- Choosing the right plants
- Wetlands & wildlife at risk
- Lifetime Guarantee Card
Greenseal Box Welded / Tailored Liners
Flexible Lining Products Limited are the UK ’s leading specialist supplier and fabricators of Swedish Butyl & Greenseal EPDM Rubber box -welded / tailored liners , manufactured by highly experienced craftsmen for easy installation on site whether for domestic or commercial applications .
BOX WELD PRICE CALCULATOR
In February 2003 Flexible Lining Products Ltd created and introduced our brand name material Greenseal EPDM Pond Liners and Greenseal Lake Liners to the UK market .
Our Greenseal Rubber EPDM materials are now widely accepted as a preferred superior alternative to Butyl Rubber .
FLP Greenseal Rubber EPDM has been installed sucessfully in thousands of applications throughout the UK and can be purchased direct from ourselves or through retailers .
Flexible Roofing Products are proud to sell the full range of Classic Bond EPDM single ply rubber roofing membranes with accessories for flat roofing installations .
Applications include residential roofing i.e. garages , porches and patios , modular buildings and summer houses and commerical flat roofing .
Please visit our new website for a full list of prices on the Classic Bond EPDM roofing rubber and roofing accessories
Coir Rolls & Bio-log Products .
Coir geo textiles are best for controlling soil erosion and conditioning soli .
Made from coir fiber , they are naturally resistant to rot and moulds and is cheaper than synthetic geo-textiles .
They hold soil in place and prevent erosion , dissipating the force of heavy rains and run of water .
It provides good soil support for years , allowing natural vegetation to become established .
Coir geo textiles promote the growth of new vegetation by absorbing water and preventing the topsoil from drying out .
As it has strength and durability , it protects slopes and help natural vegetation to take root , coir geo textiles are available as woven , meshes and nets and non woven .
Over a period of time the eco friendly and biodegradable coir disintegrates completely , leaving only humus .
Visit our new website for sizes
Green Roof Systems for low - slope roofs applications protect the roof membrane , reduce stormwater flows , and help green the built environment through rooftop plantings .
The main components of a green roof could include drainage , geotextile , soil , and vegetation layers .
Products listed here can be used to create one or more of the elements of a green roof system .
We are slso proud to announce that we now stockists of Nophadrain Green Roof Systems & components
Flexible Pond Liner , Tank & Tailored Liners include Sealeco Swedish Butyl Rubber , Firestone PondGard Pond Liner , Aqualast , Greenseal Rubber Pond Liners and HD PVC applications include wildlife ponds , garden ponds , ornamental ponds , reservoir liners and bespoke tailored liners .
Unbeatable offers on Polyfelt TS60 .
Pond Liner Protective Underlay - we stock the Polyfelt TS60 thermobonded geotextile imported directly from Austria .
These are premium grade industrial strength geotextiles not to be confused by the standard needle - punched materials widely offered .
Weed & Root Control Fabrics - Terram WeedGuard , RootGuard & FLP Commercial Landscape Fabric are premium quality weed control materials to cover a variety of applications
Drainage & Filtration Geotextiles - Terram & FLP
Drainage geotextiles for a variety of drainage applications including land drains , french drains , soakaways and paving and seperation drainage layer membranes .
TERRAM Driveway , Paving & Pathway Geotextiles -
We stock a huge range of premium quality Terram , FLP Builder Pack & FLP Commercial Landscape geotextiles specifically designed for commercial , homeowner and professional landscaping applications .
Erosion Control , Ground & Slope Stabilisation - FLP
Trinter Mat , FLP Erocell for erosion control & embankment stabilisation .
Applications include reservoir , waterway and pond edging , golf courses etc
FLP Fixing Staples & Pegs - we offer an extensive range of fixing staples and pegs for commercial , home - owner and professional landscaping applications .
FLP Aquatic & Garden Planter Pockets - Provides a neat and practical solution to a number of garden and aquatic problems including root penetration prevention , restricting invasive plant growth and providing a mico enviroment for a particular soil type .
FLP Roofing Materials -
We carry a selection of rubber roofing membranes , materials and accessories for specialist and standard applications including Green Roofs , Shed Roofs , Mobile Homes and Portacabins .
We are also able to offer fabrication on specific tailored liner requirements for roof applications .
BUY DIRECT
Click here to be directed to
our secure shopping cart
SAGEPAY & PAYPAL
Buy with confidence
through our safe and
secure shopping cart
Telephone : 0845 226 2478 or 01594 829 297 SECURE SHOPPING CART
CONTACT US :
Flexible Lining Products Ltd
Unit 37 Foxes Bridge Road
Forest Vale Industrial Estate
Cinderford
Glos
GL14 2PQ
Tel : 0845 226 2478
Fax : 0845 226 9679
e-mail : info@flexibleliningproducts.co.uk
Flexible Lining Products
Ltd are proud to be one of the founding
members and supporter of The Big Pond Dip 2012 run by
Pond Conservation the national charity dedicated to creating and
protecting ponds and the wildlife they support .
Want to know if your garden or school pond is in good shape
for wildlife ?
Do the Big Pond Dip to find out CLICK HERE
Firestone PondGard Rubber Pond Liner
Firestone PondGard Pond Liner is an 1.02 mm EPDM rubber geomembrane engineered for both domestic and heavy duty commercial applications .
Sealeco 0.75 mm Butyl Rubber Liner
0.75 mm Butyl Rubber manufactured in Sweden by Sealeco it offers excellent elongation properties , non toxic to wildlife and plant life , lifetime guarantee for sizes up to 100sqm .
Sealeco EPDM Greenseal EPDM Pond Liners 0.85 mm ( black )
Manufactured in Sweden by Sealeco as Elastoseal " and sold under our registered trade mark Greenseal Rubber 0.85 mm material is a premium quality heavy duty EPDM rubber liner suitable for a wide variety of applications including commercial , domestic and recreational market sectors .
Sealeco EPDM Greenseal Pond Liners 0.75 mm ( black )
Manufactured in Sweden by Sealeco as " Elastoseal " and sold under our registered trade mark Greenseal Rubber 0.75 mm is truly an exceptional product as it not only displays superior properties to Butyl but is cheaper , carries the same guarantee and looks and feels like Butyl Rubber .
Flexible Pond Liners 0.5 mm HD PVC
Flexible Pond Liner 0.5 mm
Heavy Duty PVC offers high flexibility , durability and an economical solution to garden , swimming and ornamental ponds including streams , irrigation systems , fish farming applications etc when used in conjunction with the correct geotextile protective overlay ( for wildlife ponds ) or underlay .
Polyfelt TS60 260gsm Pond Liner Protective Underlay
Geotextile protective overlay and underlays form an integral part in pond , lake , reservoir , tank , canal and other types of construction where a protective layer is required .
Although carpets are wide used this material breaks down leaving the liner exposed to sharp stones , etc hence could make your project a needlessly costly exercise .
Weed Control Landscape Material
A selection of some of the toughest and most durable weed control and landscape fabrics currently on the market used in a variety of applications including under paths , drives , patio , pot liners , roof gardens and weed control .
Paving & Drainage Geotextiles
Perfect material solutions used in a wide variety of applications specifically designed for the homebuilder and landscape gardener markets .
Applications include paving , drainage , stabilisation , shed bases , weed suppression , under decking , driveways and access roads .
Soil Retention / Stabilisation Materials
Terram Trinter
Mat is an exceptional product for steep slopes , river banks , ditches , spillways and other exposed areas that are often prone to damage caused by erosion of soil by wind or water .
Root Protection Products
Root Protection and Tree Root Control Barrier Materials - Protect pavements , underground services , walls and foundations from the damage that is caused by tree roots .
Aquatic / Garden Planters
FLP Planter Pockets provide a neat and practical solution to a number of garden and aquatic problems including root penetration prevention , restricting invasive plant growth and providing a micro environment of a particular soil type .
GREENSEAL POND LINER : GREENSEAL LAKE LINER : GREENSEAL TAILORED LINER : GREENSEAL GREEN ROOF :
The Business Dictionary http://www.projectword.co.uk
Flexible Lining Products , Flexible Pond Liners , Pond Liners , Polyfelt Underlay , Terram , Weed Control , Drainage Mat , Slope Stabilisation , Mulch Fabric , Driveway , Geotextile , Wildlife pond , Aquatics , Tank Liners , Geomembrane , Swedish Butyl , Greenseal Rubber , Aqualast , Aquacare , Landscape Fabric , epdm , Firestone Pond Liner , PondGard
There is no better way to bring in the New Year than with another Chinese recipe , Beef Lo Mein .
You can find lo mein at many Chinese restaurants and buffets .
Lo mein is a Chinese noodle dish that contains vegetables , meat and is tossed with a delicious sauce .
This particular version of lo mein is really a combination of lo mein and broccoli and beef .
If you do n’t like beef , it can easily be replaced with chicken .
The amount of heat can be adjusted by the amount of chili paste you put into the recipe .
If you do n’t like spice , you might want to cut it in half .
You can use whatever type of pasta you like for this recipe such as vermicelli , spaghetti , linguini , etc .
This dish is very easy to prepare and is well worth it .
Enjoy .
clock clock icon cutlery cutlery icon flag flag icon folder folder icon instagram instagram icon pinterest pinterest icon print print icon squares squares icon Beef Lo Mein Recipe Author : Bobby Print Recipe Pin Recipe Scale 1 x 2 x 3 x Ingredients 8 ounces hot cooked pasta noodles ( spaghetti , linguini , etc )
hot cooked pasta noodles ( spaghetti , linguini , etc ) 1 lb flank steak ( sliced )
lb flank steak ( sliced ) 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil
dark sesame oil 1 tablespoon peanut oil
peanut oil 1 tablespoon fresh ginger ( minced )
fresh ginger ( minced ) 4 garlic cloves ( minced )
garlic cloves ( minced ) 3 cups fresh broccoli ( chopped )
fresh broccoli ( chopped ) 1 ½ cups onions ( sliced )
onions ( sliced ) 3 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
low sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons brown sugar
brown sugar 1 tablespoon oyster sauce
oyster sauce 1 tablespoon chile paste with garlic Instructions
In a large bowl combine cooked pasta and sesame oil , tossing well to coat .
Cover and set aside .
In a wok over medium - high heat , heat peanut oil .
Add ginger and garlic , stir fry for 30 seconds .
Add broccoli and onion , stir fry for 3 minutes .
Add steak and stir fry for 5 minutes or until done .
Add pasta mixture , soy sauce , brown sugar , oyster sauce , and chili paste .
Cook 1 minute or until heated thoroughly .
( Makes 4 Servings )
A few months back there were some examples of preforking servers implemented in various languages showing how posix API 's could be used in those languages .
Some examples were :
I 'm learning the Pure programming language and took a stab at doing a Pure implementation .
Pure comes with a good FFI for calling C functions and the needed posix calls are provided in the ' posix ' library that comes with it .
It does n't have any socket routines however but there is a library by Mike Maul called pure - lang - extras that provides this .
With pure - lang - extras installed the preforking echo server looks like this :
using ffi , system ; using posix , posix : : socket ; using namespace posix , posix : : socket ; let sockfd = socket AF_INET SOCK_STREAM 0 ; let yes = { 1} ; setsockopt sockfd SOL_SOCKET SO_REUSEADDR ( int_pointer yes ) ( sizeof sint_t ) 0 ; let ai = make_sockaddr AF_INET " * " 5000 ; bind_socket sockfd ai ; listen sockfd 10 ; fork_child f = if pid == 0 then f pid $ $ exit 0 else pid when pid = fork end ; child pid = fprintf file " Child %d echo > " getpid $ $ fflush file $ $ fprintf file " %s
" ( fgets file ) $ $ fclose file $ $ child pid when client = accept_socket sockfd ai ; file = fdopen client " r+ " ; end ; let children = [ fork_child child|x=0..2 ] ; do ( printf " Forked : %d
" ) children ; do (
->( waitpid n NULL 0 ) ) children ;
This can be run ( assuming it 's in a file called ' test. pure ' ) with :
$ pure -x test.pure Forked : 10433 Forked : 10434 Forked : 10435
It will fork three worker processes all waiting on the same socket provided by the main process .
The main process waits until all three worker processes complete or are killed .
You can test it out by using telnet to port 5000 :
$ telnet localhost 5000 Trying 127.0.0.1 ...
Connected to localhost .
Escape character is '^ ] '.
Child 10433 echo > test test test test test test Connection closed by foreign host .
If you do this a few times you 'll see it cycle through the worker processes .
The example code mostly does posix calls and thin wrapper 's around C functions so it does n't show off much of the interesting parts of Pure .
Pure has automatic currying ( or partial evaluation ) of functions by missing arguments from the function .
For example , this code :
do ( printf " Forked : %d
" ) children ;
printf is like the C printf function .
It takes a format string followed by a tuple containing arguments for each format directive in that string .
In the example above it has one of these , ' %d ' .
The code ( printf " Forked : %d
" ) is missing the last argument expected to printf .
Thanks to partial evaluation this evaluates to a function that takes one argument .
do calls this function for each element in the children list , passing the list element to the function resulting in the printf call .
It 's equivalent to this more verbose code :
do (
-> printf " Forked : %d
" n ) children ;
Another Pure feature used is the ability to get raw pointers to matrices .
The code { 1} is a one row matrix containing one element , the interger ' 1 ' .
A later line gets a raw pointer to this , converting it to a array of integers if it is n't already in that format : int_pointer yes .
To fork the child processes I use a list comprehension :
let children = [ fork_child child|x=0..2 ] ;
0..2 is a short hand syntax to create a list of numbers from 0 to 2 .
The [...|....] is a list comprehension .
The left hand side is called for each element of the right hand side and the result accumulated in a list .
For example , at the Pure REPL :
> [ x*2|x=0..5 ] ; [ 0,2,4,6,8,10 ]
For more on Pure there is quite a bit of documentation :
By Mandy Hubbard
~
Hi All !
I hope this Query Week has been helpful !
I know that querying can be thrilling , scary , tiring , gratifying , exciting ….
and sometimes all of that all at once .
As a writer , I ’ve been there , and I know how you feel .
As an agent , it ’s also many of those emotions , and more .
To wrap things up , I thought I ’d give you insight as to how I approach the inbox every day– what I think as I read queries , what will make you stand out , etc .
I hope this builds nicely on what Vanessa posted yesterday !
First off , when it comes to queries , I always start with the oldest ones first .
I approach them with nothing but hope — will this be the query that makes me sit up and take notice ?
Many writers see agents as mean ‘ ol gate keepers that only want writers who have huge credentials or the most amazing high concept book known to man .
Not true !
Some of the queries that just plain blow me away seem rather anassuming at first–but the writing is just plain good .
That ’s all I ’m looking for .
Really good writing !
Everyone has a fair shake at it .
When I start reading , I ’m pretty neutral– I do not go in expecting to be blown away , but I do n’t expect to hate it .
You ’ve got a blank slate , so use it to your advantage– grab me from the get - go .
If your book is funny , showcase your humor from the first line .
If it ’s dark and emotional , make me care about the character so that I ’ll want to follow her for the next 50,000 words .
For queries I just really do n’t like , I do n’t read the sample ( My submission guidelines ask for the first 5 pages ) .
It might be something I do n’t represent ( I ’ve seen some chapter book submissions and adult fiction subs ) or it might be something that does n’t suit my personal tastes ( high - fantasy or deeply cultural ) .
Or it might just be a hot mess .
I see those , too .
For Meh Queries , I move onto the sample .
If I ’m leaning toward a rejection , your first paragraph or two really has to reel me in .
I ’m not just checking to see if you ’re a competent writer– I ’m giving you a chance to change my mind .
Most often , it does n’t .
For queries I ’m on the fence with , I read further .
I ’ll give it a full page or two– many times the whole 5 page sample , hoping to see that spark that tells me the book may be bigger and better than the query gives it credit for .
These are the queries where the sample is most important , because it can tip me in the right direction .
If your book is a humorous book with a quiet concept , the sample is paramount .
Humorous books are all about voice and making me laugh .
If you do n’t do that in 5 pages , I probably wo n’t want to see more .
Sample pages are your friend .
As an intern I lost count of how many times I sent a query on to the agent saying , “ yanno , the concept is kind of quiet , but those pages just pulled me right in . ”
For queries I love , I eagerly scroll down , crossing my fingers that the writing holds up .
I often do n’t need more than a page to confirm it , if I ’m super excited by the query .
Because I ask for samples , I skip right from the query / sample to the full manuscript .
If you were printing / mailing it , maybe I ’d do partials , but I see no reason to have you create a new document just for me – I can stop reading at any time and it did n’t waste any paper .
Okay , so that ’s my process for reading queries .
When it comes to fulls , things go a little differently .
For starts , I do n’t read them in order .
I know , that ’s mean , right ?
But trust me , it ’s a good thing .
If your book is funny , do you want me in a grumpy mood when I ’m reading ?
If your book is serious , and I want to laugh , I ’ll open that humorous MG and save your dark / edgy YA for when I ’m in that sort of mood .
Just like different books appeal to you on different days .
Further , sometimes I just get a manuscript with an exciting concept and I dive right in .
On top of that , some books are Middle - Grades weighing in at 20 K and some are urban fantasies at 100K .
Depending on how much time I have , I may choose to read one over the other .
I read fulls a little differently – I go in with certain expectations .
I know I like the concept and sample , so I am always hoping the rest holds up .
You ’ve got about 50 pages to really hook me .
If i’m at page 50 and I can put it down and go take my daughter to the park and I ’m not thinking about what ’s going to happen next , I ’ll start leaning toward a rejection .
I do sometimes have 2 or 3 projects going at once , and if yours is n’t battling for attention in my mind , it ’s not a good sign .
When I represent an author , I go in knowing I ’m in it for the long haul .
If we do n’t sell it on the first round of submissions , I could be reading it and resubmitting it and working on revisions with you for months .
That ’s why I have to truly love it , not just like it .
So , I hope all this gives you a little insight into how an agent reads and what they are looking for .
Good luck to all those in the query trenches !
And remember , if you write MG / YA and you have a project ready for submissions , feel free to send it my way .
Send your query and the 5 page sample ( both pasted into the email ) to mandy@d4eo.com
Thanks !
Mandy
Before all examples , you will need :
This creates and returns a new promise .
resolver must be a function .
The resolver function is passed two arguments :
This function checks if the obj is a Promise , or could be cast ed .
A special function that takes a dictionary of promises and turns them into a promise for a dictionary of values .
In other words , this turns an dictionary of promises for values into a promise for a dictionary of values .
This function wraps the obj act as a Promise if possible .
Python Future s are supported , with a callback to promise .
done when resolved .
Have the same effects as Promise.resolve ( obj ) .
Returns a promise for a list .
If it is called with a single argument then this returns a promise for a copy of that list with any promises replaced by their fulfilled values .
e.g .
Converts values and foreign promises into Promises / A+ promises .
If you pass it a value then it returns a Promise for that value .
If you pass it something that is close to a promise ( such as a jQuery attempt at a promise ) it returns a Promise that takes on the state of value ( rejected or fulfilled ) .
promise . then ( did_fulfill , did_reject )
This method follows the Promises / A+ spec .
It explains things very clearly so I recommend you read it .
Either did_fulfill or did_reject will be called and they will not be called more than once .
They will be passed a single argument and will always be called asynchronously ( in the next turn of the event loop ) .
If the promise is fulfilled then did_fulfill is called .
If the promise is rejected then did_reject is called .
The call to . then also returns a promise .
If the handler that is called returns a promise , the promise returned by . then takes on the state of that returned promise .
If the handler that is called returns a value that is not a promise , the promise returned by . then will be fulfilled with that value .
If the handler that is called throws an exception then the promise returned by . then is rejected with that exception .
promise.catch(did_reject )
Sugar for promise .
then ( None , did_reject ) , to mirror catch in synchronous code .
A panel of scientists recommended today that the spraying of DDT in malaria - plagued Africa and Asia should be greatly reduced because people are exposed in their homes to high levels that may cause serious health effects .
The scientists from the United States and South Africa said the insecticide , banned decades ago in most of the world , should only be used as a last resort in combating malaria .
The stance of the panel , led by a University of California epidemiologist , is likely to be controversial with public health officials .
Use of DDT to fight malaria has been increasing since it was endorsed in 2006 by the World Health Organization and the President 's Malaria Initiative , a U.S. aid program launched by former President Bush .
In many African countries , as well as India and North Korea , the pesticide is sprayed inside homes and buildings to kill mosquitoes that carry malaria .
Malaria is one of the world 's most deadly diseases , each year killing about 880,000 people , mostly children in sub-Saharan Africa , according to the World Health Organization .
The 15 environmental health experts , who reviewed almost 500 health studies , concluded that DDT " should be used with caution , only when needed , and when no other effective , safe and affordable alternatives are locally available . "
We cannot allow people to die from malaria , but we also cannot continue using DDT if we know about the health risks , " said Tiaan de Jager , a member of the panel who is a professor at the School of Health Systems & Public Health at the University of Pretoria in South Africa .
" Safer alternatives should be tested first and if successful , DDT should be phased out without putting people at risk . "
The scientists reported that DDT may have a variety of human health effects , including reduced fertility , genital birth defects , breast cancer , diabetes and damage to developing brains .
Its metabolite , DDE , can block male hormones .
" Based on recent studies , we conclude that humans are exposed to DDT and DDE , that indoor residual spraying can result in substantial exposure and that DDT may pose a risk for human populations , " the scientists wrote in their consensus statement , published online today in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives .
" We are concerned about the health of children and adults given the persistence of DDT and its active metabolites in the environment and in the body , and we are particularly concerned about the potential effects of continued DDT use on future generations . "
In 2007 , at least 3,950 tons of DDT were sprayed for mosquito control in Africa and Asia , according to a report by the United Nations Environment Programme .
" The volume is increasing slowly , " said Hindrik Bouwman , a professor in the School of Environmental Sciences and Development at North - West University in Potchesfstroom , South Africa , who also served on the panel .
In South Africa , about 60 to 80 grams is sprayed in each household per year , Bouwman said .
Brenda Eskenazi , a University of California at Berkeley School of Public Health professor and lead author of the consensus statement , is concerned because the health of people inside the homes is not being monitored .
A 2007 study on male fertility is the only published research so far .
Conducted in Limpopo , South Africa by de Jager and his colleagues , the study found men in the sprayed homes had extremely high levels of DDT in their blood and that their semen volume and sperm counts were low .
" Clearly , more research is needed … but in the meantime , DDT should really be the last resort against malaria , rather than the first line of defense , " Eskenazi said .
The pesticide accumulates in body tissues , particularly breast milk , and lingers in the environment for decades .
In the United States , beginning in the1940s , large volumes of DDT were sprayed outdoors to kill mosquitoes and pests on crops .
It was banned in 1972 , after it built up in food chains , nearly wiping out bald eagles , pelicans and other birds .
Today 's use differs greatly .
In Africa , it is sprayed in much smaller quantities but people are directly exposed because it is sprayed on walls inside homes and other buildings .
Many health studies have been conducted in the United States , but on people who carry small traces of DDT in their bodies , not the high levels found in people in Africa .
" DDT is now used in countries where many of the people are malnourished , extremely poor and possibly suffering from immune - compromising diseases such as AIDS , which may increase their susceptibility to chemical exposures , " said panel member Jonathan Chevrier , a University of California at Berkeley post - doctoral researcher in epidemiology and in environmental health sciences .
In 2001 , more than 100 countries signed the Stockholm Convention , a United Nations treaty which sought to eliminate use of 12 persistent , toxic compounds , including DDT .
Under the pact , use of the pesticide is allowed only for controlling malaria .
Since then , nine nations — Ethiopia , South Africa , India , Mauritius , Myanmar , Yemen , Uganda , Mozambique and Swaziland — notified the treaty 's secretariat that they are using DDT .
Five others — Zimbabwe , North Korea , Eritrea , Gambia , Namibia and Zambia -- also reportedly are using it , and six others , including China , have reserved the right to begin using it , according to a January Stockholm Convention report .
" This is a global issue , " Eskenazi said .
" We need to enforce the Stockholm Convention and to have a plan for each country to phase out DDT , and if they feel they can't , good reason why other options cannot work . "
Mexico , the rest of Central America and parts of Africa have combated malaria without DDT by using alternative methods , such as controlling stagnant ponds where mosquitoes breed and using bed nets treated with pyrethroid insecticides .
But such efforts have been less successful in other places , particularly South Africa .
" We have a whole host of mosquito species and more than one parasite .
The biology of the vectors is different and there is therefore no one - method - fits - all strategy , as is the case in Central America , " Bouwman said .
For example , he said , some types of mosquitoes in South Africa breed in running water , which can not be easily controlled .
" The area to be covered is also vast , and infrastructure in most areas is too little to allow environmental management on a sustainable basis , " he said .
When a mosquito strain that had previously been eliminated returned to South Africa , it was resistant to the pyrethroid insecticides that had replaced DDT .
" The resulting increase in malaria cases and deaths was epidemic , " Bouwman said .
Cases soared from 4,117 in 1995 to 64,622 in 2000 .
" South Africa had to fall back on DDT , and still uses it in areas where other chemicals would have a risk of failure , " he said .
The scientists also recommended study of possible health effects of pyrethroids and other alternatives for DDT .
" The general thoughts are that if chemicals have a shorter half - life , like pyrethroids , they are less dangerous , " Eskenazi said .
" This may be true , but there are virtually no studies on the health effects in humans of the alternatives . "
The panel convened in March , 2008 , at Alma College in Michigan , near a Superfund site where DDT was produced at a chemical plant .
Their goal was " to address the current and legacy implications of DDT production and use , " according to their report .
Acknowledging that some areas remain dependent on DDT , they recommended monitoring of the spraying to ensure that usage guidelines are followed and improved application techniques .
" It is definitely not a matter of letting people die from malaria , " de Jager said .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
To many , my fight against Mary Kay Cosmetics is puzzling .
Why would I want to waste my time with it ?
After all , they ’re only selling lipstick .
It ’s a harmless company started by a little old lady 45 years ago who wanted to give women an opportunity .
WRONG !
Mary Kay Inc. is anything but harmless , and that ’s why it ’s so important for me to continue to educate people about the company .
They are running a scam that brings in $ 2 billion in sales to headquarters each year .
Where does this money come from ?
Often from those who can least afford it .
The name of the game is recruiting and frontloading .
Bring her in and get her to buy an inventory package of $ 600 to $ 4800 right away .
( If she does n’t buy within the first couple of weeks , the chances that she will buy anything at all go down exponentially . )
Start with the largest package and work your way down .
All the while , tell the new Mary Kay consultant that she ca n’t be successful without a “ full store ” of products .
Tell her that if she wants to be at “ profit level ” and really start bringing in money for her family , she needs a lot of products .
After all , you ca n’t sell from an empty wagon !
Mary Kay is a recruiting scheme .
The vast majority of the products sold to the consultants is never resold to an actual customer .
Is it because the consultants really do n’t try to sell ?
No !
It ’s because the products are of mediocre quality and are overpriced .
Besides that , women have oodles of choices on the internet and in the stores .
There ’s just no need to go through the hassle of dealing with a Mary Kay lady , especially when you know that she ’ll eventually try to recruit you and never let up !
Here are some numbers and facts that I pulled together for Pink Truth , my consumer education site about Mary Kay .
Word on the street is that recruiting figures are way down in the past year , but the below numbers are the most recently reported numbers from Mary Kay Inc .
From Pink Truth :
I thought it would be interesting to take a look at some real figures regarding Mary Kay and consultant turnover .
We often hear pro-Mary Kay women ( and their brainwashed husbands ) rave that there are millions of women who have had wonderful experiences as consultants , so the company must be fantastic .
Now here ’s my theory .
Are women quitting Mary Kay because it was everything they wanted and more , and because they were making money doing it ?
Or do they quit because they are dissatisfied and are not making money ?
I submit to you that the reason women quit being independent beauty consultants for Mary Kay Cosmetics is by and large because of failure in the business .
I do understand that some may be perfectly happy in Mary Kay , but quit because of family circumstances or other reasons .
I ’m just saying that the vast majority likely quit due to a negative experience .
Over time , Mary Kay has been increasing its beauty consultant count .
Now it ’s important to note that this is the count of consultants at any given time , such as the year end total .
The number disclosed by Mary Kay does NOT include all the women who may have come and gone during the year .
Mary Kay simply picks a point in time and says “ Today we have X consultants . ”
In the United States , there were 500,000 consultants in 2001 .
In 2005 , that number was 715,000 .
Worldwide the numbers have been growing quite a bit faster .
( Hence the push to open new markets like India and the Czech Republic . )
In 2002 , there were 950,000 consultants worldwide .
In 2005 , that number was 1.6 million .
Here ’s where it gets interesting and where we find out the truth about the number of consultants that Mary Kay Cosmetics churns each year .
I ’m using United States figures below , because of the disclosures that Mary Kay made last year .
In 2006 , Mary Kay disclosed that the company had over 700,000 independent beauty consultants in the United States .
This was similar to the 2005 reported figure of 715,000 consultants in the United States .
This implies that at the current time , the number of consultants is staying relatively stable .
( i.e .
For every consultant recruited , one drops out . )
Mary Kay stated in its response to the FTC ’s proposed Business Opportunity Rule , that there are 2,400,000 “ disclosure opportunities ” ( meaning interviews ) per year .
That ’s 200,000 women interviewed per month .
Mary Kay Cosmetics further stated that there are 40,000 new recruits per month .
( Thank God those other 160,000 per month said no… a total of two million women per year who turn Mary Kay down . )
At 40,000 new recruits per month …
That means that during 2006 , Mary Kay Inc. recruited 480,000 women in the United States , and 480,000 women in the United States quit .
Add the 480,000 quitters to the 700,000 ( or so ) U.S. consultants on the books at the end of the year , and we ’ve got a total of 1,180,000 ( yes that ’s over 1 million ) women in the United States who were “ in ” Mary Kay at some point during 2006 .
What a staggering churn rate , though , is n’t it ?
Depending upon how you look at it … 41 % of the 1,180,000 involved during the year quit .
Or of those 700,000 on the books at the end of the year , 69 % of them will quit in the following year .
480,000 women churned and burned in 2006 .
During 2007 , Mary Kay will burn through another 500,000 American women .
And in 2008 , they ’ll burn through another 500,000 .
And so on every year ….
Mary Kay , destroying half a million women ’s lives every year .
Time to End the Neocon Con Game As Washington ’s long debate on the Afghan war unfolded , one group had an unhealthy advantage though – based on its record – it should have had no influence at all .
These are the neoconservatives , and they have captured The Washington Post ’s editorial pages along with other outlets of elite opinion .
Email
Printer friendly
Over the past three decades , the neocons have carved this important place for themselves in Washington by purporting to stand for liberal values , such as democracy and human rights , while using those worthy goals to justify the frequent use of military force .
For the neocons , war also is not just a last - resort option .
Rather , it is how they have gained – and how they maintain – their prominence .
When the United States is at peace – or without a war looming – the neocons are at a loss .
( Of course , one of the signature characteristics of the neocons is that few have served in the military next to the soldiers whose blood the neocons so reflexively are willing to spill as a “ solution ” to nearly any problem .
As elite intellectuals , the neocons view soldiers from inner-city or small - town America as expendable for the grander cause . )
What the neocons do excel at is the internal Washington policy debate .
They are well - schooled and self - assured ; they are fierce debaters ; they understand media ; and they do n’t hesitate to question the patriotism or toughness of anyone who disagrees with them .
On the Iraq War , the neocons were the ones who gave inspiration to two of their own , L. Paul “ Jerry ” Bremer , head of the occupation , and Douglas Feith , Under Secretary for Policy in the Defense Department , who was responsible for day - to - day Pentagon operations in Iraq in 2003 .
In eight days – after the U.S. invading force had ousted Saddam Hussein ’s government – Bremer and Feith changed the whole tenor of the occupation from a quick get - in and get - out to a complex nation - building scheme that was designed to bring free - market “ democracy ” to Iraq .
Bremer and Feith did this by abolishing the Iraqi army and the civilian bureaucracy , thereby placing American solders in the middle of a Sunni insurgency that followed soon afterwards .
Neocons Abandoned Reagan
The neocons also have claimed as their chief credential , their participation in Ronald Reagan ’s muscular foreign policy at the end of the Cold War .
In reality , however , they abandoned Reagan from 1985 on , when he began the real work of ending the Cold War by negotiating with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev .
In his first term , Reagan was a neocon favorite , treating the Soviet Union in the black - and - white manner that the neocons prefer .
He coined the phrase “ evil empire ” ; promoted guerrilla warfare against leftist governments ; and built up the U.S. military budget along with introducing the Star Wars missile defense .
Neocons played a major role in the intellectual architecture of these policies : Richard Perle on nuclear strategy , Elliott Abrams on the Nicaraguan contra rebels ; Jeane Kirkpatrick on the immutability of leftist dictatorships .
However , as Reagan rethought the nuclear stalemate , the President became intellectually prepared , even eager , to embrace Gorbachev as a man who was sincere about changing the Soviet Union .
In Gorbachev , Reagan found a negotiating partner who would join in a game of give - and - take , and Gorbachev gave more than he took .
Gorbachev was also capable of grand intellectual leaps .
At Reykjavik in October 1986 , Gorbachev proposed eliminating all nuclear weapons by the year 2000 .
He renounced the Brezhnev Doctrine that had called for using force to keep Eastern Europe in the Soviet orbit .
Gorbachev and his commitment to perestroika – the restructuring of the Soviet system – confounded neocon ideology , which held that only force could roll back the Soviet empire and uproot its allied governments around the world .
The neocons had no intellectual framework for accepting the changes occurring under Gorbachev .
The neocon view remained frozen : there would always be a Soviet Union ; there would always be a Cold War ; Gorbachev 's reforms were a trick .
Perle kept insisting that the Soviets would revert to type and Reagan should make no substantial moves toward them .
Kirkpatrick agreed , after all it was her doctrine that leftist dictatorships could not evolve toward democracy .
Both eventually resigned .
To the neocons ’ dismay , Reagan joined in the liberal give - and - take approach toward negotiations .
Reagan “ had an Emersonian sense of the becoming and unfolding of all things , ” in the words of his biographer John Patrick Diggins .
Reagan never saw the Soviet Union or nuclear weapons as permanent .
Reagan ’s engagement with the Soviet Union in his second term could be viewed as a continuation of the gradual , fits - and - starts winding down of the Cold War that began with John F. Kennedy ’s arms - control outreach to Nikita Khrushchev in the 1960s , through Richard Nixon ’s Soviet détente in the early 1970s and Jimmy Carter ’s emphasis on human rights which put the Soviets on the defensive in the late 1970s .
In that analysis , Reagan ’s first term was more an anomaly than a turning point .
But if that historical narrative were accepted , then the neocon war strategies would be viewed as unnecessarily brutal , inflicting widespread death and destruction in places like Central America , Angola and Afghanistan while accomplishing little .
So , in the years after Reagan engaged Gorbachev and Gorbachev ’s perestroika sped the end of the Cold War , the neocons used their extraordinary influence in the opinion circles of Washington to reshape the history .
Rather than seeing the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 as an outcome driven by Moscow ’s own internal failings combined with a half century of Western containment policies – capped off by Reagan ’s collaboration with Gorbachev – the neocons claimed that it was their application of force in the 1980s that did the trick .
The neocons , who had abandoned Reagan early in his second term , re-embraced him .
They then whitewashed Reagan ’s second - term emergence as Gorbachev ’s peace partner and locked in the memory of Reagan ’s “ evil empire ” phase .
For instance , neocon intellectual Joshua Muravchek called Reagan the arch - neocon , which is perhaps the greatest intellectual theft of the late Twentieth and early Twenty - first centuries .
Neocons Screw Up Iraq
Having reinvented themselves as “ winners of the Cold War , ” the neocons became fixtures at key Washington think tanks and at prominent policy magazines .
They became talking heads on the Sunday talk shows and wrote influential foreign policy pieces for major newspapers like The Washington Post , Wall Street Journal and New York Times .
So , by the time George W. Bush entered the White House in 2001 , the neocons were ready for phase two , with new plans for flexing American military muscle around the globe .
Neocons filled key positions in Bush ’s young administration , especially inside the Pentagon and the White House .
To replace the Soviet Union as the evil enemy , neocons targeted hard - line Arab states and looked forward to a “ war of civilizations ” with Islamic militants .
The terrorist attacks on 9/11 opened the way for these ambitious neocon plans to remake the Middle East through violent regime change .
Within nine days of the 9/11 attacks , the neocon Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) announced to the world : “ Even if evidence does not link Iraq directly to the attack , any strategy aiming at the eradication of terrorism and its sponsors must include a determined effort to remove Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq .
Failure to undertake such an effort will constitute an early and perhaps decisive surrender in the war on international terrorism . ”
The PNAC had been organized by William Kristol , editor of the neocon magazine The Weekly Standard , and Robert Kagan , a contributing editor .
The signers of PNAC ’s letters and policy prescriptions read like a who ’s who of the neocon community .
Yet , in their drumbeat for invading Iraq , the neocons were wrong about many of the supposed “ facts ” used to rally a frightened American public behind the neocon agenda .
They were wrong about Iraq ’s WMD stockpiles , about Saddam Hussein ’s links to al - Qaeda , and about how the U.S. military conquest of Iraq would terrify other U.S. adversaries – like Iran , Venezuela , Syria and Lebanon – into retreat .
But perhaps the most costly neocon error was the mismanagement of the Iraq occupation .
Originally , Gen. Jay Garner was put in charge .
When he arrived in Iraq after the invasion , he hoped the occupation could be over in 90 days .
His plan was to find and eliminate any weapons of mass destruction , get the Iraqi government working again , hold a quick election to select new Iraqi leaders , and leave .
Soon , however , Garner – with little staff and less money – found himself in an uphill bureaucratic battle with powerful neocons at the Pentagon .
Toward the end of April 2003 , he was fired .
In his place came the new head of the Coalition Provisional Authority , Jerry Bremer , who made common cause with Doug Feith , the Pentagon ’s Undersecretary for Policy .
The pair made key decisions that effectively destroyed the Iraqi bureaucracy and military .
Bremer and Feith put more than 500,000 Iraqis on the streets in one week , including disgruntled soldiers who kept their guns and seasoned bureaucrats who knew how to build an organization .
These people would become the backbone of an insurgency that would kill more than 4,300 American soldiers .
The violent disorder in Iraq also created fertile ground for al - Qaeda extremists to put down roots .
Though Islamists had been kept in check by Saddam Hussein , they flourished for a time as the neocons organized a long - term U.S. occupation of Iraq .
Extremist violence was soon ripping the country apart .
Neocon Crisis
The Iraq
War disaster and the growing American public awareness of the neocons ’ central role in the catastrophe created a new crisis for the neocons .
But they still had an important card to play – their dominance of the opinion centers of Washington .
Much as the neocons rewrote the closing narrative of the Cold War – by whiting out Reagan ’s second - term collaboration with Gorbachev – the neocons claimed that their courageous support for George W. Bush ’s Iraq troop “ surge ” in early 2007 brought the violence under control and “ won ” the war .
Over the past two years , this story of the “ successful surge ” has essentially rehabilitated the neocons .
Yet the surge was only one of many components that contributed to the lessening of the Iraqi bloodshed , and the surge was possibly one of the least significant .
In 2006 , before the surge began , Sunni tribal leaders had turned against the excessive violence of al - Qaeda ’s Iraq faction under the leadership of Abu Musab al - Zarqawi .
The U.S. military also had begun paying the Sunni leaders to turn their guns on al - Qaeda extremists , a process that became known as the Sunni Awakening .
In June 2006 , Zarqawi ’s location was betrayed and he was killed by a U.S. airstrike .
The sectarian violence between Sunni and Shiite also began burning out as the two groups , which had once lived side by side in peace , retreated to their own enclaves , separated by concrete walls running through Iraqi cities .
With the targets of sectarian violence harder to reach , the killing declined .
There were other important factors unrelated to the surge , like the decision of the anti-American Shi ’a leader Muqtada al - Sadr to order his militias to demobilize .
By 2008 , it also became apparent to Iraqis that their government would succeed in forcing the Bush administration to accept a timetable for U.S. military withdrawal , thus calming down those insurgents motivated by nationalism and hatred of foreigners .
Yet in the neocon domain of Washington , the decline in Iraqi violence was simply explained as the “ surge worked . ”
Despite the horrendous loss of life and the war ’s cost of some $ 900 billion , the neocons were largely forgiven and kept their prized spots on the talk shows and op - ed pages .
Manichean World View
Another signature characteristic of the neocons is that they far better understand how to shape perceptions in Washington than to deal with realities in other countries .
Indeed , despite their confidence in expounding about foreign policy , they really do n’t know much about specific countries or regions .
After all , such detailed knowledge would disrupt their easy prescription of more war , since anyone who truly knows a country and its people would not so casually advocate violence or arrogantly dictate its domestic policies .
But what the neocons do know is what sells in Washington .
So , they have consistently professed their love of “ democracy ” and put it at the center of what they do .
In my view , all the neocon hoopla about spreading freedom is a public relations device to put a patina of democratic nobility on right - wing , often repressive governments that the neocons view as desirable allies .
Too many times in the 1980s , I saw neocons rush to embrace governments that may have shown some democratic promise , but still had deep - seated human right problems .
However , by making “ democracy ” at least a rhetorical goal , the neocons were picking up on a favorite theme of Ronald Reagan , who prescribed “ democracy ” as a necessary cure for leftist dictatorships even as he made excuses for brutal right - wing regimes in countries such as Argentina and Guatemala .
Though Reagan deserves credit for recognizing the promise of Gorbachev ’s initiatives to resolve the Cold War , Reagan viewed the Third World with a Manichean eye , seeing too much " good versus evil " and overlooking the complexities of any specific country , as the neocons did .
One of the most tragic examples of Reagan ’s distorted Third World vision was El Salvador .
In the early 1980s , tens of thousands of Salvadorans – including Catholic Archbishop Oscar Romero , four American churchwomen and six civilian leaders of the political opposition – were butchered , but Reagan and the neocons insisted on viewing the violence through a Cold War lens .
They deflected guilt away from the right - wing regime in order to justify increasing U.S. military aid .
After a series of elections put a Christian Democrat at the head of the government – even as the military continued its brutal counterinsurgency practices in the field – El Salvador faded as an issue of controversy in U.S. political circles .
( The civil war was resolved only after the Reagan administration ended and more pragmatic leaders , including Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Connecticut , and Salvadoran exile Leonel Gomez , stepped forward with new approaches . )
The Contra War
By the mid-1980s , El Salvador had been replaced at the top of the neocons ’ Central American agenda by Nicaragua , which emerged as a test of Jeane Kirkpatrick ’s theory that a Soviet client state could only be dislodged by force – that reform was impossible .
In December of 1985 , I found myself , a liberal , supporting the contras in their war with Nicaragua ’s leftist government .
In this heresy , I had been joined by three other Democrats : Bob Leiken , the late Penn Kemble , and Bernie Aronson .
One night we gathered at Kemble ’s house to receive a visit from Elliott Abrams , the Assistant Secretary of State for Latin America , who was accompanied by Robert Kagan , Abrams ’s personal assistant , and a State Department officer .
Abrams had been in his job for only three months , but he had been well briefed on who the Sandinistas were and what they had done .
He spent some time describing the contents of a weapons - bearing truck that had been blown up in Honduras , transiting from Nicaragua to its destination , a leftist rebel camp in El Salvador .
He knew the contents , and the backgrounds of the people who had been driving it .
He knew a lot about the Sandinistas .
But Abrams knew next to nothing about the contras , especially the rifts between the civilian and military leadership .
When Abrams and Kagan finally left , the four of us sat stunned , speaking not a word .
Although each of us had our neocon friends , we were not ourselves neocons .
To us , it was important who the contras were and what they were fighting for .
With this unwillingness to master details about the excessive violence and troubling corruption within the contra movement , the Reagan administration ’s neocons could not fashion a sensible policy that would inspire widespread support inside Nicaragua .
The neocons could not understand the dreams for Nicaragua of the two moderate leaders – Arturo Cruz and Alfonso Robelo – whom they had convinced to join the contras .
Each battle that Cruz and Robelo had with the old contra leadership started out on a very idealistic plane and wound up as a fight for jobs and money .
Cruz and his associates had big ideas about middle - class recruitment , but in the end his aides only struggled for a stipend for Cruz and for someone to fill the human rights slot in the contra leadership .
Finally , after 2 ½ years of futility trying to secure reforms , Cruz resigned for good .
That following Monday , Robert Kagan went to the morning State Department staff meeting with a paper bag on his head , to announce to his colleagues that he was a dunce for supporting Cruz for so long .
In my view , he should have brought dunce caps for his colleagues who had resisted Cruz ’s initiatives .
Kagan knew very well that Cruz had finally resigned because of a message brought to him by someone from Elliot Abrams ’s office .
Cruz was told that he would not be allowed to challenge Enrique Bermudez , the notoriously corrupt head of the contra army , over the issue of civilian control of the contra military forces .
In tearing up a contra unity document that had accepted civilian control , Bermudez had said , “ I have signed hundreds of agreements and have never complied with any of them . ”
Cruz was told he could not hold Bermudez accountable for what Cruz had been hired and rehired by the Reagan administration to do – lead .
After Cruz resigned , the administration never won another major vote on aid to the contras .
Nicaragua II
By July 1987 , the Nicaraguan conflict was in a standoff , both in the field and in Washington where Reagan and his team wanted to overthrow the Sandinistas and the Democrats in Congress did not .
At that point , House Speaker Jim Wright agreed to a joint statement with Reagan regarding a peace plan for Nicaragua .
Its formula was simple : in exchange for the Sandinistas allowing free elections there would be no more contra aid and the contras would be demobilized .
This plan was issued on a Monday ; by Friday night it was one of two peace plans being considered by five Central American Presidents .
At the end of Saturday night , there was tentative agreement on the plan by Costa Rica ’s Oscar Arias , which was essentially the same as the Wright - Reagan plan : elections in exchange for an end to the contras .
Hesitation by Honduras , which had become the major staging base for contra military operations , was overcome by the indirect intervention of Wright and the plan became binding on all Central Americans by Sunday morning .
The Arias Accords were not self - executing , however .
Arias , Wright and other members of the Democratic leadership of the House had to intervene forcefully with the Sandinistas and occasionally with the opposition .
Reagan also balked .
Even as he opened up to Gorbachev on the world stage , he continued to empower the neocon hardliners on Central America .
Reagan refused to let Secretary of State George Shultz send his negotiator to strengthen provisions of the Arias Accords .
Instead , Reagan backed Abrams in his hostility to the Arias plan .
Reagan and Abrams staked everything on a Feb. 3 , 1988 , vote on providing more aid to the contras , which they lost 219 - 212 .
By failing to show flexibility , Reagan did n’t share in the success in Nicaragua that was achieved with the Arias Accords by opening up the political system .
In February 1990 , abiding by the accords , the Sandinistas held an election and lost 55 percent to 41 percent .
They did n’t regain power until 2007 .
Mozambique
Though the neocons and other hardliners dominated Reagan ’s policies toward most Third World hot spots – from Central America to Africa to Afghanistan – there was one major exception , Mozambique , where Reagan showed flexibility and it worked .
Mozambique was a former Portuguese colony that won its independence late and had to fight for it .
In the 1970s , Mozambique embraced Marxism - Leninism as the ruling ideology of its one party , the Frelimo , and concluded a treaty of friendship and cooperation with the Soviet Union .
However , the Reagan administration did not embrace the rebels fighting the Frelimo .
In fact , the administration concluded that the Mozambican rebels were a proxy force of South Africa ’s apartheid regime and guilty of horrific human rights violations .
Under the policy of Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Chester Crocker , the Reagan administration called for “ constructive engagement ” with Mozambique and offered the government military aid and special assistance to its railroads .
However , Congress said no to these initiatives and prohibited seven different kinds of aid .
I was hired by the Mozambique government in 1987 to lobby for the removal of these restrictions .
On the theory that Mozambique was ready to abandon the Soviet model and embrace multi-party elections and a free - market economy , I was successful in the first three months in winning the removal of three of the seven restrictions .
Was I telling the truth or were the right - wingers right ?
Everything I saw and every person I talked to convinced me there was no deception .
But the final event that cinched my belief in the Mozambicans was a conversation I had with President Chissano in May 1988 .
He related a recent conversation with an Eastern European president , who told him that although we say we are for the people , those who do well under our system are the Party and its apparatchiki .
Where the people do well and where the governments have succeeded is Western Europe .
Those are the countries we must now emulate .
Today , Mozambique is on the path of peace , yearly economic growth , and a maturing citizenry .
Reagan showed good sense on Mozambique ; to my knowledge no neocon played a role in moving Mozambique toward the West .
I cite these three examples – El Salvador , Nicaragua and Mozambique – because I was involved in each of them and each showed the folly of following the Manichean view of two sides – one good and one bad .
The Nicaraguan war – and the bloody struggle in nearby El Salvador – were finally resolved when more flexible individuals , who did not see the situations in blacks and whites , took control of the policy and recognized how to put together a package that gave peace a chance .
I thus fear the real - life consequences when the neocons declare how they will bring “ democracy ” to the Third World by force of arms if necessary .
They respect neither the role of history nor the power of culture in determining how a country will respond to democratic initiatives .
Neocons – absorbed by their ideological certitude – do n’t know when to back off .
Country specialists often do .
Neo -Cons on Afghanistan Despite the neocons ’ long history of bloody and costly miscalculations , they are back at center stage again , influencing the new Obama administration and setting the parameters for Washington ’s debate about the war in Afghanistan .
Again , highflying rhetoric at the conceptual level is where the neocons are most comfortable .
Read the words of Robert Kagan , now an influential columnist , and a Washington Post editorial ( both published in March 2009 ) as they celebrated President Obama ’s initial decision to pursue a counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan .
As Kagan wrote : “ An effective counter terrorism approach requires an effective counterinsurgency strategy aimed … at strengthening Afghan civil society and governing structures , providing the necessary security to the population so that it can resist pressures from the Taliban , and significantly increasing the much - derided ‘ nation - building ’ element of the strategy .
“ The United States , he [ Obama ] argues , has to help the Afghan people fulfill ‘ the promise of a better future , ’ by rooting out government corruption , helping the elected government provide basic services , fighting the narcotics trade , and , in general , advancing ‘ security , opportunity , and justice . ’
This is the opposite of a ‘ minimal ’ approach . ”
[ Robert Kagan , “ Obama ’s Gutsy Decision on Afghanistan ” The Washington Post , March 27 , 2009 .
Emphasis added . ]
The next day , Kagan ’s views were echoed in a Washington Post editorial , which instructed its readers that : “ The lesson is that only a strategy that aims at protecting and winning over the populations where the enemy operates , and at strengthening the armies , judiciaries , and police and political institutions of Afghanistan , can reverse the momentum of the war and , eventually , allow a safe and honorable exit for U.S. and NATO troops . ”
[ Editorial “ The Price of Realism , ” Washington Post , March 28 , 2009 .
Emphasis added . ]
If Kagan and the Post ’s editorial page editor Fred Hiatt cared about details or even bothered to read the reporting in The Washington Post , they would know that beneath the terms “ governing structures ” ( Kagan ) and “ political institutions ” ( Hiatt ) , at least outside Kabul , there is nothing .
The fundamental problem with Obama ’s Afghan counterinsurgency strategy is the lack of qualified government officials and a functioning Afghan government .
Afghanistan has been without a qualified cadre of bureaucrats since the communist government collapsed in 1992 .
While President Hamid Karzai ’s administration is rightly denounced for corruption , it also deserves condemnation for ignoring the tedious work of building a skilled cadre of government workers .
And it makes little sense for a beefed - up U.S. military to occupy unsecured areas and provide government services when Afghanistan lacks the civil affairs personnel to take over those jobs .
This past summer , after 4,500 U.S. Marines routed Taliban forces from parts of Helmand Province , U.S. officials were struck by the shortage of trained Afghan troops to augment the force and by the unwillingness of Afghan officials to provide government services in a relatively remote and dangerous area .
Rather than a second wave of Afghan bureaucrats providing civilian services , the Marines were followed by a small international “ stabilization team . ”
As Post correspondent Pamela Constable reported , U.S. and British officials said “ several factors , including a lack of qualified and educated workers in the remote province , a shortage of housing and office facilities for professionals from larger cities like Kandahar or Kabul , and a series of tensions and rivalries among various Afghan agencies , were impeding the kind of follow - up needed to convince residents that the Afghan government is credible , committed and a better alternative than the Taliban …
" ‘ What we need is to put visible Afghan government in these areas , ’ said John Weston , a U.S. civilian aide in Helmand who also had worked in Iraq . …
Without a solid Afghan presence , he added , 'we will have a lot of well - meaning Americans doing good things , but it will be a trap . ’ "
[ Washington Post , July 18 , 2009 ]
In Afghanistan , the key issue is not specific U.S. troop levels , but the need to build up a government infrastructure , a competent Afghan military , and an effective army of government bureaucrats .
On Oct. 22 , another intrepid Post reporter Rajiv Chandrasekaran found little progress on the problem that Constable identified .
He wrote : “ Skeptics of [ Gen. Stanley ] McChrystal 's [ counterinsurgency ] strategy worry that the Afghan government will not move with haste to take advantage of security improvements created by the United States .
Despite repeated requests , the government in Kabul has not sent officials to Nawa to help on issues that matter most to local people : education , health , agriculture and rural development . …
“ For now , the Marines are focused on another big risk to progress here – the lack of basic services .
They are working with diplomats and U.N. officials in Kabul to prod key ministries to set up offices in Nawa . ”
Still , Robert Kagan and his neocon allies in charge of the Post ’s editorial pages gave full support for a counterinsurgency in Afghanistan that the newspaper ’s own reporters revealed is possibly fatally flawed because of the dearth of qualified civilian experts who can take on the job of providing basic services at the local level .
Why , at long last , should we pay any attention to what the neocons have to say ?
They miss the essence of things every time .
Bruce P. Cameron has served as a Washington lobbyist for various governments over the past several decades , including Nicaragua , Mozambique , Portugal and East Timor .
He is the author of My Life in the Time of the Contras .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Occasionally you may notice that your dog has problems but you can not put your finger on what the problem is .
Some of the most common problems that most dogs display are difficulties with digesting their food .
It is not an easy task determining the cause of their problems .
This however happens when they have a [ … ]
HOUSTON  Raids on 14 illegal bus companies here have shed light on a seedy underground system that transported illegal immigrants all over the country and that sometimes held them captive until their relatives paid exorbitant fares , federal law enforcement officials said Thursday .
Using minivans , the companies were carrying hundreds of illegal immigrants from Mexico to cities across the United States , taking back roads and traveling primarily at night to avoid the authorities , according to criminal complaints filed in Federal District Court .
Twenty - two people were arrested earlier this week on charges of using their businesses to transport illegal immigrants .
The bus companies worked exclusively with smuggling operations , officials said .
The owners paid commissions of up to $ 300 for each passenger to smugglers who had brought the immigrants across the Mexican border .
Then they held the immigrants in safe houses for days , often under guard , until they loaded them onto vans , according to court documents .
Agents said that at one of the bus companies raided this week , Super Express Van Tours , they found the operators had used pit bulls and armed guards to keep the immigrants from leaving a safe house next door to the office .
Sis Loves
Me – step siblings digital art only for adults .
This project has been a great inspiration for lots of people and it has certainly a special place in my heart .
Debuted back in 2016 it provides its members with exclusive videos dedicated to step sister fantasies .
If you think you could take a look I think you are the type of audience they are looking for !
[ UPDATE ] – I ’ve written an update 1.5 years later on the original post : “ Looking back — 1.5 years since ‘ Copying Y Combinator ’ ”
Have you thought about starting a program like Y Combinator in your city ?
That doing so would not only build a startup ecosystem but would also bring a good financial return ?
I studied Y Combinator , TechStars , Seedcamp , and many more programs to develop a framework for “ Copying Y Combinator ” .
( With apologies to Chuck Palahniuk … )
The first rule of copying Y Combinator is : Do Not copy Y Combinator .
The second rule of copying Y Combinator is : DO NOT COPY Y COMBINATOR .
The key to copying Y Combinator is to figure out how you can be just as good , but in a different way , than Y Combinator .
Background
This last year I ’ve been an MBA student at Cambridge University .
In order to complete the degree we had to do a substantial piece of research , and I chose to do it on the rise of Y Combinator and similar “ seed accelerator ” programs .
My hypothesis was that a lot of people / organizations are starting seed accelerators without really examining the full scope of innovations they need to think about in order to achieve their goals .
I wanted to take the opportunity to look into why entrepreneurs choose to go into a seed accelerator , why individuals choose to start a seed accelerator , and then propose a framework for designing new programs .
Key results are described in this post , and the full paper is embedded via Scribd ( a Y Combinator company ) below .
Data
The very first step in examining these programs is to get data ; it ’s almost all posted somewhere , but is n’t consolidated .
Between the data that each program publishes on their website , press on the various programme Demo Days , and Crunchbase , I built a list of virtually every startup funded by every seed accelerator .
The only accelerator where this data is n’t as comprehensive is for Y Combinator ; I ’ve put in placeholders where known ( ie , 8 companies in cohort X but only 5 have launched ) .
That said , it should only be missing a handful of companies at most .
And please note that nearly all exit values are purely speculation , though educated speculation based on exits of similar companies .
I also surveyed the founders of companies that have either been funded by accelerators or are looking to be funded by accelerators ( Y Combinator and others ) .
Specifically , I wanted to find out what they cared about when choosing a seed accelerator .
The results are as follows :
Connections to future capital : 8.51
Brand / Alumni connections : 7.83
Business support : 7.42
Product support : 7.13
Pre-money valuation : 5.25
Level of funding : 4.14
These numbers did vary somewhat between different programs and non-funded companies .
( For example , the average Y Combinator founder valued Brand / Alumni connections much higher than the average respondent . )
But the trends show that entrepreneurs value the elements of programs that give them long - term chances for success : connections to investors , other connections , and product / business support .
Financial Results
Since seed accelerators are still in their early days , it ’s too early to make a definitive verdict on their success .
But the early data is promising .
Y Combinator and TechStars are two of the oldest seed accelerators , and are the only two to have had substantial exits .
The TechStars exits have likely already generated a profit , and there are several companies that may still exit at some point in the future .
The Y Combinator company exits have likely already brought Y Combinator to break - even , even after having funded over 100 companies .
More impressive is that there are a good number of companies in the portfolio that could reach substantial exits at some point in the future .
( And potentially a handful that could reach the vaunted $ 1 billion + exit . )
Recommendations — How to Copy Y Combinator
The bulk of my paper goes through the elements that are involved in a seed accelerator program .
But the fundamental decisions that can define the potential success of a program are simple .
Success derives from the program ’s founders and focus ; together they must create a distinctive and compelling reason for entrepreneurs to join them .
There will always be entrepreneurs looking for funding ; what a seed accelerator should provide is the right match of resources for those entrepreneurs .
If the resources that entrepreneurs get by participating are n’t compelling , the program simply wo n’t get the highest quality applicants , and thus will not achieve maximum success .
This is why there has been little true competition for Y Combinator thus far : they simply have truly compelling resources to offer through PG and the other Y Combinator founders , the YC alumni network , and the combined program network .
Until another program can be more compelling than Y Combinator , they will attract the best startups .
( See rules 1 & 2 at top about copying Y Combinator . )
The key when constructing a seed accelerator is to look critically ( and honestly ) about the resources a founder has available ; the founders ’ experience and the expertise available to the entrepreneurs .
Find the focus point that is different from Y Combinator that makes it distinctive and compelling .
For example , FbFund REV accelerates companies building applications on Facebook .
The new Springboard program in Cambridge ( UK ) is focused on B2B software applications .
Maybe your expertise is in mobile technology , maybe it ’s in medical devices or maybe its in enterprise software .
The key is that the founders and the mentors they assemble for a program in that focus area are a distinctive and compelling reason for entrepreneurs to apply and attend .
Once the founders and focus are decided , many other decisions fall into place .
For example , the program length and funding level will need to be adjusted so that companies can reach a significant development milestone during the program .
Just because Y Combinator is three months long does n’t mean that your program ca n’t be 9 months long , provided that ’s right for the companies involved .
The full paper has far more detail , the point to take away is that the founders and focus must align , and must align to create a programme where an entrepreneur would travel from around the world in order to participate .
( Even if there was an accelerator in their own backyard . )
The potential to do this in the field of web applications is diminishing quickly .
Final
Thanks
I want to say a specific thank you to the program founders that agreed to be interviewed : Paul Graham , David Cohen and Reshma Sohoni .
And a huge thank you to the people that commented on my blog posts and Hacker News posts over the summer and took the survey I described above ; your feedback was invaluable !
The Documents
Copying Y Combinator
Appendix A — List of Seed Accelerators
Click here to view the list of seed accelerators .
Only seed accelerator programs are listed ; see main paper for details .
Appendix B — Example Seed Accelerator financial model
Appendix C — List of all companies founded by Seed Accelerators
OR
Most everyone in science or politics is familiar with the scandal that erupted after hundreds of emails from the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) were made public several months ago .
The emails between climate scientists expose evidence of climate - data manipulation , conspiracies to silence scientists critical of man-made global - warming theory , and dodging of freedom - of - information requests .
Climategate became shorthand for bad behavior .
The climate - science community scrambled .
The United Nations and myriad other groups trembled about the scandal ’s implications for their own climate agendas .
Investigations commenced into the actions of the CRU ’s director , Phil Jones , and of Penn State ’s Michael Mann , author of the infamous , debunked “ hockey - stick ” climate graph .
Yet today things have become relatively quiet .
Though the media and much of the public have turned their attention to other stories , including the failure of climate politics in Copenhagen and the backlash against Obama ’s Chicago - hard politics , a key lesson from Climategate remains : climate policy has not been and is not being guided by sound science .
Indeed , Climategate is further proof that climate science is not settled , yet politicians and regulators continue to use such science as their chief justification for legislation / regulation to control carbon .
Look no further than the endangerment finding of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , criticized by Marlo Lewis in a devastating two - part post here at MasterResource .
How can climate research that is in open dispute among climate scientists be sufficient to lead the charge for sweeping government regulation and global government ?
Anthropogenic ( man-made ) global warming has myriad areas of theoretical and empirical controversy , yet our political leaders warn of certain climate catastrophe .
Genuine disagreement exists within the scientific community regarding the causes of climate change , but we ’re told ( for example , by White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs ) that anyone who argues with the science is “ kinda silly . ”
Au contraire .
Climate - model predictions do not square with reality yet serve as the foundation for the findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the global authority for climate science .
Instead of diligently pursuing facts and hard data , sound science and prudence , too many political leaders rush foolhardily into a policy agenda laden with unknowns , misinformation , and , now , scandal .
Sadly , the soundness of the evidence for global warming is immaterial , because the consequences of not acting are too dire .
For them , the precautionary principle — in this case , that we should err on the safe side and prepare for climate catastrophe , just in case — justifies open - ended government expansion over the economy and even our private lives .
But while it is one thing to base minimally - consequential legislation / regulation on the chance that not acting will lead to harm , it is entirely another to do so when individuals ’ freedoms and national economies are at stake .
In the case of the latter , prudence demands and the public deserves much more than guesswork .
They deserve sound science , not theories or tarnished data .
They deserve evidence of causation , not correlation .
They deserve clear solutions for clear problems .
One would hope that any legislation / regulation — much less those that stand to impose draconian control over individuals and constrain our national and state economies to degrees perhaps never before seen — would be built on facts , not theories or questionable data .
One would hope that should legislators and regulators take sweeping actions that affect each and every one of us , they would do so with rock - solid evidence supporting their decisions .
Yet when it comes to climate change , we do n’t even know what , if anything , is the problem , much less how to fix it .
Climate change may ultimately turn out to be a global nightmare , but current knowledge is wholly inadequate to support such a position .
In the meantime , the public deserve better from our policymakers .
If our nation ’s leaders wish to move forward with any agenda — climate related or otherwise — they should be armed with sound , not scandalous , research .
On this , there should be no disagreement .
Drew Thornley , born in Jasper , Alabama , now makes Austin , Texas his home .
A graduate of the University of Alabama ( economics ) and the Harvard Law School , Thornley specializes in energy issues and teaches business law at the University of Texas at Austin , among other activities .
A man with a mighty palate , Drew posts on Texas barbeque joints at Man Up Texas BBQ .
MasterResource posts on Climategate :
“ Climategate : Here Comes Courage ” ( January 4 , 2010 )
“ Ken Green on the New ‘ Denialists ’ ” ( January 2 , 2010 )
“ Climategate : There is Normal Scientific Discourse Too ” ( December 12 , 2009 )
“ Climategate Did Not Begin with Climate ” ( December 8 , 2009 )
“ Apologist Responses to Climategate Misconstrue the Real Debate ” ( December 2 , 2009 )
“ Climategate : Is Peer Review in Need of Change ? ” ( December 1 , 2009 )
I for one am sick and tired of these Bush - era chicken hawk politicians that never served in uniform attacking Democrats on National Security when in fact , they are largely to blame for our Nation 's current national security problems .
Apparently former Vice President Cheney and the likes of Senator Jim DeMint actually believe that they can score political points by forcing America to remember the incredible failures of the previous Administration and to that I say - " Bring it on . "
I have no problem running against their record of global economic failure , avarice , corporate greed run amok , no -bid insider contracts , and disastrous foreign policy decisions that left us isolated on the international stage at the very moment when we needed to count our allies .
I welcome the opportunity for the Vice President to relive his glory days .
And I welcome the opportunity to call him out and debate him one on one .
Personally , I think it 's time for Vice President Cheney to either put up or shut up .
I am a military veteran who gladly wore the uniform of the United States Navy for the majority of my adult life .
I , and thousands of others graduated from Annapolis and I witnessed , firsthand , the results of failed political decisions that were thrust upon the military while serving in the Beirut theater of operations in 1983 .
I survived a diagnosis of terminal cancer which is largely believed by many to have been caused by the depleted heavy metal uranium shells we were firing during the first Gulf War .
I had the honor to serve as the Special Assistant to the Supreme Allied Commander of NATO , General Wesley Clark , when he , along with thousands of uniformed personnel and a core team of professional civilian personnel , planned and executed a successful strategy to defeat the genocidal regime of Slobodan Milosevic .
I , and millions of other veterans , can't even count the number of Christmases , New Year 's Eve's , Birthdays , 4th of July 's and Thanksgivings that we spent overseas and at home protecting our Nation .
We were Americans , not Republican or Democrats .
For the likes of the former Vice President to politicize National Security in an attempt to score cheap political points is beyond unacceptable and his behavior will no longer be met with polite silence .
It 's time to hit back , harder , with better aim and with purpose of forethought .
Now , as I complete my first year in the United States Congress , my days continue to be focused on protecting our Nation .
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the House Homeland Security Committee , I have sat through hundreds of hours of testimony and worked around the clock to try to fix the mess George Bush and Dick Cheney left us .
Make no bones about it , we are fixing what they broke .
We are working everyday to support the troops , both in the field and when they come home .
We should declare 2010 the year that we stop listening to the empty rhetoric of arm chair chicken hawk quarterbacks like Dick Cheney and Jim DeMint when they try to shift blame for their failure and their incompetence on Democrats .
We need to fight back .
Personally , I am glad that President Obama took three days to study the details of the attempted attack on Flight 253 .
President Bush took six days before weighing in on the case of shoe bomber Richard Reid , and I was glad when he took his time to get the facts straight before addressing the Nation .
Where was Dick Cheney when the two alleged masterminds of the Christmas attack were freed from Guantanamo Bay on November 9th , 2007 ?
I hope Senator Jim DeMint had a lovely Christmas while the permanent office of the TSA Administrator remained vacant because of his deep , personal vendetta against organized labor ( heaven forbid we should allow those that work on the front lines to protect us from terrorists from earning a decent living and fair benefits ) .
Vice President Cheney , Senator DeMint , it 's time for both of you to be held accountable for your failures and your poor decisions .
I challenge both of you to stand in the light of day and debate your record with me .
Your partisan attacks are nothing but empty rhetoric and it's time to declare that we can no longer stand by while you attack our President for working to protect our Nation and for having an honest dialog about what went wrong .
Let 's make a New Year 's Resolution to call out hypocrisy in 2010 .
Stand against it and any time that former Vice President Dick Cheney opens his hypocritical mouth to continue uttering blather , he needs to be challenged in a straight forward factual manner that will demonstrate the emptiness of his rhetoric .
- Congressman Eric Massa
New York 's 29th Congressional District
I just went to a panel discussion about Internet security and let me tell you , it was scar-y .
Between individual fraud , organized crime , corporate espionage and government spying , it ’s an incredibly dangerous world out there , which , according to one panelist , is growing exponentially worse .
These are incredibly complex problems that even the smartest of the smart admit they do n’t have a great handle on , although Craig Mundie , Microsoft ’s chief research and technology officer , offered up a surprisingly simple solution that might start us down a path to dealing with them : driver ’s licenses for the Internet .
The thing about the Internet is that it was never intended to be a worldwide system of mass communication .
A handful of guys , all of whom knew each other , set up the Web .
The anonymity that has come to be a core and cherished characteristic of the Internet did n’t exist in the beginning : it was obvious who was who .
As the Internet picked up steam and gathered more users , that stopped being the case , but at no point did anyone change the ways things worked .
The Web started out being a no-authentication space and it continues to be that way to this day .
Anyone can get online and no one has to say who they are .
That ’s what enables a massive amount of cyber crime : if you ’re attacked from a computer , you might be able to figure out where that particular machine is located , but there ’s really no way to go back one step further and track the identity of the computer that hacked into the one that hacked into you .
What Mundie is proposing is to impose authentication .
He draws an analogy to automobile use .
If you want to drive a car , you have to have a license ( not to mention an inspection , insurance , etc ) .
If you do something bad with that car , like break a law , there is the chance that you will lose your license and be prevented from driving in the future .
In other words , there is a legal and social process for imposing discipline .
Mundie imagines three tiers of Internet ID : one for people , one for machines and one for programs ( which often act as proxies for the other two ) .
Now , there are , of course , a number of obstacles to making such a scheme be reality .
Even here in the mountains of Switzerland I can hear the worldwide scream go up : “ But we ’re entitled to anonymity on the Internet ! ” Really ?
Are you ?
Why do you think that ?
Mundie pointed out that in the physical world we are implicitly comfortable with the notion that there are certain places we ’re not allowed to go without identifying ourselves .
Are you allowed to walk down the street with no one knowing who you are ?
Absolutely .
Are you allowed to walk into a bank vault and still not give your name ?
Hardly .
It ’s easy to envision the same sort of differentiated structure for the Internet , Mundie said .
He did n’t get into examples , so here ’s one of mine .
If you want to go to Time.com and read all about what ’s going on in the world , that ’s fine .
No one needs to know who you are .
But if you want to set up a site to accept credit - card donations for earthquake victims in Haiti ?
Well , you ’re going to have to show your ID for that .
The truth of the matter is , the Internet is still in its Wild West phase .
To a large extent , the law has n’t yet shown up .
Yet as more and more people move to town , that lawlessness is becoming a bigger and bigger problem .
As human societies grow over time they develop more rigid standards for themselves in order to handle their increased size .
There is no reason to think the Internet should n’t follow the same pattern .
Though that ’s not to say it ’ll happen anytime soon .
Governments certainly have been talking to each other about this ( almost by definition , any effective efforts will have to be international in nature ) , but even in Europe , where there is a cyber security convention in effect , only half of the Continent ’s nations have signed up .
One stumbling block that was mentioned at today ’s panel discussion : governments ’ own intelligence agencies are huge beneficiaries of the Internet ’s anonymity .
We managed to spy on each other before the Web , but how much easier it is now that we can cruise around cyberspace without anyone even knowing we ’re there .
So do n’t expect any changes in the short term .
But do know that the people in charge — as much as anyone can be in charge when it comes to the Internet — are thinking about it .
Hola , nos presentamos
Somos una empresa dinámica que apuesta por la innovación , especializada en la estrategia , diseño , desarrollo e implantación de soluciones tecnológicas de alto valor añadido .
Contamos con profesionales especializados en los sectores de marketing , diseño y tecnología , con presencia y reconocimiento a nivel internacional .
Nuestro trabajo puede ser evaluado en base a nuestro ratio de retención de clientes y al nivel de valor añadido aportado en cada proyecto .
Nos respaldan con su confianza , empresas e instituciones públicas tan importantes como Google , Caja Rural , Universidad de Murcia , Instituto Andaluz del Deporte y la Junta de Andalucía .
¡ Bienvenido !
Abstract Secondary sexual characteristics convey information about reproductive potential .
In the same way that facial symmetry and masculinity , and shoulder - to - hip ratio convey information about reproductive / genetic quality in males , waist - to - hip - ratio ( WHR ) is a phenotypic cue to fertility , fecundity , neurodevelopmental resources in offspring , and overall health , and is indicative of “ good genes ” in women .
Here , using fMRI , we found that males show activation in brain reward centers in response to naked female bodies when surgically altered to express an optimal ( ∼0.7 ) WHR with redistributed body fat , but relatively unaffected body mass index ( BMI ) .
Relative to presurgical bodies , brain activation to postsurgical bodies was observed in bilateral orbital frontal cortex .
While changes in BMI only revealed activation in visual brain substrates , changes in WHR revealed activation in the anterior cingulate cortex , an area associated with reward processing and decision - making .
When regressing ratings of attractiveness on brain activation , we observed activation in forebrain substrates , notably the nucleus accumbens , a forebrain nucleus highly involved in reward processes .
These findings suggest that an hourglass figure ( i.e. , an optimal WHR ) activates brain centers that drive appetitive sociality / attention toward females that represent the highest - quality reproductive partners .
This is the first description of a neural correlate implicating WHR as a putative honest biological signal of female reproductive viability and its effects on men's neurological processing .
Citation : Platek SM , Singh D ( 2010 ) Optimal Waist - to - Hip Ratios in Women Activate Neural Reward Centers in Men. PLoS ONE 5 ( 2 ) : e9042 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0009042
Editor : Henry Harpending , University of Utah , United States of America Received : December 9 , 2009 ; Accepted : January 18 , 2010 ; Published : February 5 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Platek , Singh .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
This work was supported by a faculty induction award from the University of Liverpool and a grant from the Pioneer Fund .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Variations in men's facial ( e.g. , symmetry , masculinity ) and body ( e.g. , shoulder - to - hip ratio ) morphology are related to women 's ratings of attractiveness .
Specifically , women tend to rate more symmetrical and masculine faces , and higher SHR [ 1 ] as attractive during fertile phases of their menstrual cycle and for short - term mating partners [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] .
Several recent findings [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] demonstrate that faces that are rated as attractive activate neural reward substrates in females , and that this neural activation is partly modulated by hormonal status of women [ 11 ] .
These findings support the hypothesis that men's facial and body morphology serves as an honest biosignal to genetic fitness .
Women have a larger proportion of fat stores in comparison to non-human female primates and men [ 13 ] .
Prior to puberty , a sexual dimorphism in fat distribution is not apparent , however , in post - menarche women estrogen inhibits storage of fat around abdominal areas and fat is stored in the gluteofemoral ( thighs and buttock ) region [ 14 ] .
Women have a lower waist - to - hip ratio ( WHR ) than men and men's preference for lower WHR , or hour - glass figures , appears to be cross- cultural [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] c.f. [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] and adaptive because WHR is positively correlated with fecundity , levels of the reproductive hormones estradiol and progesterone [ 19 ] , higher likelihood of conception [ 20 ] , and availability of neurodevelopmental resources for offspring [ 21 ] , but negatively correlated with lower likelihood of illnesses such as heart disease and various cancers [ 15 ] , and lower incidence of depression [ 22 ] .
Differences in WHR can also be used to index pregnancy and the capacity for unencumbered childbirth [ 1 ] .
Consequently , it 's been hypothesized that distribution of body fat represents a secondary sexual characteristic that , in the same way variation in men's facial and body morphology does , can influence ratings of attraction and fecundity ( see also [ 23 ] for arguments regarding female BMI ) .
Methods Participants
Here 14 men ( M age = 25.21 , S.D. = 6.30 ) were scanned using fMRI while making attractiveness ratings to randomly and individually presented pictures ( one from the rear and one from an oblique rear position for each woman ) of seven naked female bodies prior to and after recovery from an elective cosmetic surgical procedure to reconfigure and optimize WHR [ 14 ] .
All participants provided written informed consent and the study was approved by the University of Liverpool School of Biological Sciences committee on research ethics .
Stimuli Stimuli were a sample of seven images taken from those used in another study [ 14 ] .
Images were presented in both the rear and oblique rear position ( see [ 14 ] ) .
Images were presented 15 times for 1 second with a variable interstimulus ( 2–15 s ) interval to maximize jittering using Neurobehavioral Systems Presentation .
Each participant saw each of the 14 different images in random order .
Participants were asked to respond to the attractiveness of the images by using a 5 button fMRI - comaptible response pad ( MR technologies ) .
Order of button anchor ( most attractive / least attractive ) was randomized across subjects .
fMRI Procedures Data were collected using a Siemens Trio 3T scanner using gradient - echo T2 * - weighted echo - planar images ( EPI ) to measure blood - oxygen - level - dependent ( BOLD ) contrasts .
For each participant approximately 225 volumes were collected with an interleaved acquisition , a slice thickness of 2 mm , at a TR of 2.75 s , TE of 30 ms , and a resolution of 3.5 ×3.5 mm for each participant .
Slices were tilted to 30 degrees from horizontal to maximize image quality in areas near susceptibility field gradients [ 24 ] .
All participants also underwent high - resolution structural scanning with a standard MP - RAGE sequence ( 176 1 mm voxel saggital slices , TR = 2040 ms , TE = 5.57 ms , FoV = 256 , flip angle = 8° ) .
While being scanned participants were asked to make explicit ratings of attractiveness to naked female body images [ 14 ] presented for 1 second ( ISI randomization optimized for jitter 2 – 15 seconds ) .
Ratings were made on a 5 - point scale from very unattractive to very attractive ( counterbalanced for which finger anchored each end of the attractiveness scale ) .
fMRI data were analyzed using general linear modeling and mixed effects analysis implemented in FEAT - FSL [ 25 ] .
We hypothesized that if WHR represents a cue to genetic quality then , similar to symmetry and masculinity in male faces , bodies that represent optimal WHR would activate neural reward substrates .
Discussion
Our observed activation patterns in the brain suggest that female body configuration represents a salient stimulus to men and that optimal female body configurations activate areas of men's brains that are associated with reward processing and appetitive behaviors .
This activation may represent the proximate neural mechanism of attraction to females that express curvaceous body types and also further account for cross-cultural findings showing that optimal WHR ( ∼.7 ) as being consistently rated as attractive .
Lastly , this finding may extend our understanding of some men's proclivity to develop a preoccupation with stimuli depicting optimally designed women ( e.g. , pornography ) [ 44 ] , [ 45 ] .
Interestingly , our findings did not demonstrate that BMI had a large effect on brain activation except in areas associated with simple visual evaluations of shape and size .
This does not downplay the importance of BMI in evaluations of female attractiveness , but may suggest that BMI 's role in these evaluations is less the product of evolved psychological mechanisms and more the part of culturally driven , or societal based norms and perceptions .
Acknowledgments
The authors would like to thank Magdalena Babiszewska for her assistance with data collection .
The authors would also like to thank Rebecca Burch , J. Mark Davis , Jennifer Davis , Andrew Gallup , Gordon Gallup , Aaron Goetz , Austen Krill , Katherine Reding , Todd Shackelford , Kyrre Wahtne and the staff at MARIARC for comments on an earlier draft and assistance with fMRI data acquisition .
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments : SMP DS .
Performed the experiments : SMP .
Analyzed the data : SMP .
Wrote the paper : SMP DS .
Contributed stimuli for experiments : DS .
前回、日本半導体が、韓国、台湾のメーカーや米マイクロンテクノロジーの「高度な破壊的技術」に駆逐されたことを論じた。
日本メーカーは、25年もの長期保証を付けた高品質な半導体を作り続けたが、
韓国、台湾メーカーや米マイクロンテクノロジーは、そんな長期保証を必要としないPC用DRAMを安価に大量生産した。つまり、日本半導体は、クレイトン・クリステンセンが言うところの「イノベーションのジレンマ」に陥ったのである。
そして、1980年前後に形成された、極限技術・極限品質を追求する日本の技術文化、すなわち過剰技術で過剰品質な製品を作る技術文化は、DRAMで手痛い敗戦を経験したにもかかわらず、30年以上経過した現在も変わっていない。
なぜ、変わることができないのか？ その原因の1つには、DRAMでシェア世界一になったという過去の成功体験があるものと考えられる。
社長会見に垣間見えたトヨタの傲岸不遜
この問題は半導体業界に限らない。ゼネラル・モーターズ（GM）を抜いて新車販売台数で世界一になったトヨタ自動車も、こうした成功体験によって組織が蝕まれていないだろうか。
トヨタは、昨年から立て続けにリコール問題を起こしている。筆者は自動車産業の専門家ではないが、「プリウス」のリコールのニュースを見て、正直言って驚いてしまった。
「 低速で走行する際、ブレーキが利かなくなる」という苦情が多数寄せられていたにもかかわらず、トヨタの専務は「ドライバーの感覚の問題だ」と発言したという。この発言がマスコミに叩かれている。叩かれて当然であろう。しかし、筆者が何よりも驚いたのは、この発言に対してではない。
2月5日に、豊田章男社長が初めてマスコミの前で記者会見をした。その映像をたまたまテレビで見た。その際、豊田社長は開口一番、「本日、私が登場したのは・・・」と発言したのである。
陳謝せねばならない立場なのに、なんとトヨタの社長は、「登場した」のである。「世界一のトヨタの社長が、わざわざ出てきてやったのだ」と、筆者には聞こえた。そして、トヨタの傲岸不遜な態度を、この瞬間に、強烈に認識した。
「 世界一」という成功体験は、人間や組織をここまで天狗に変貌させてしまうのだ。
Under an AFOSR , MURI grant , a team led by University of New Mexico professor , Dr. Mansoor Sheik - Bahae and graduate student , Dr. Denis Seletskiy created the first - ever cryo ( temperatures that can only be obtained by liquefying gases ) cooler that can be applied to airborne and spaceborne sensors .
Credit : Sheik - Bahae , University of New Mexico
Under an Air Force Office of Scientific Research , multi-university grant , a team led by University of New Mexico professor , Dr. Mansoor Sheik - Bahae created the first - ever all - solid - state cryocooler that can be applied to airborne and spaceborne sensors .
This technology , which allows coolers to reach temperatures so cold that they can only be obtained by liquefying gases , may lead to advances in superconducting electronics because it would enable miniaturization for cooling purposes .
Graduate students Denis Seletskiy and Seth Melgaard designed and performed the experiments at UNM 's department of Physics and Astronomy in collaboration with researchers from Los Alamos National Laboratory and the University of Pisa , Italy .
" Optical refrigeration or solid state optical refrigeration technology offers many advantages over currently used , bulky mechanical coolers because it is vibration free ( no moving parts ) , compact , lightweight and agile ( fast turn - on and off ) , " said Sheik - Bahae .
Previously , only solid - state coolers based on standard thermoelectric devices were able to reach temperatures as low as 170K , and even so , only with minimal efficiency .
" We obtained cooling down to 155 K using optical refrigeration , " said Sheik - Bahae .
" We expect that material research may lead to temperatures dipping below 77 K ( boiling point of liquid nitrogen ) and in the future as low as 10 K may be possible , " he added .
In order to achieve their results , the scientists enhanced cooling efficiency by exploiting resonances in the absorption spectrum , growing pure crystals , using thin optical fibers , keeping their sample in thermal isolation inside a vacuum and by trapping laser light in a resonant space .
In the future Dr. Sheik - Bahae and his team will continue collaborations with Professor Mauro Tonelli and his researchers at the University of Pisa in Italy as well as with Dr .
Richard Epstein of the Los Alamos National Lab .
Together they plan to research product purity and new materials for cryocoolers .
" We are also pursuing optical pump sources that can further enhance cooling efficiency of the devices , " he said .
Explore further Optical Refrigeration : Researchers Achieve Milestone in Laser Cooling
Provided by Air Force Office of Scientific Research
Previously by Michael E. Kreca : Gun Control , Fiat Money — National Security ?
" If Jesus Christ were to stand up today , he ’d be gunned down cold by the CIA . "
– The The , " Armageddon Days , " Mind Bomb , Epic Records , 1991
A major strategic principle states that the success of most domestic rebellions , insurgencies or revolutionary movements is closely dependent upon the level of interest by or aid from an outside power .
History has confirmed this principle — that , with few exceptions , any insurgency , regardless of its size and extent , cannot survive without the support of a wide spectrum of the native populace and some kind of sympathetic and influential external ally .
Rebels cannot successfully undermine the state ’s authority unless they possess the financial , logistical and political support of agents whose influence equals or surpasses the domestic government ’s power .
These agents may be internally based ( like the French anti-Gaullist resistance ) , but , in general , they tend to be an external third power .
In the West , this hypothesis has always been used to explain the existence of Soviet - Chinese backed " left- wing " terrorism in the 1970s and Islamic - backed terrorism today and is a worldview still held by the US - based Center for International Affairs ( a favorite home - away - from - home for Nixon national security adviser Henry Kissinger and Jimmy Carter ’s national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski ) an institution that endorsed Center member David Galula ’s statement that " no revolutionary war can remain a purely internal affair . "
The Center for International Affairs ( and its close cousin , Georgetown University ’s Center for Strategic and International Studies — CSIS ) employed this worldview to promote the perception the USSR ( or in some cases , China ) lay behind all incidents of international terrorism .
The prestige and influence of CSIS disciples in the US intelligence community was so great that when the CIA ’s own analysts could n’t find documented proof of a global Soviet - led terrorist conspiracy , Reagan ’s CIA director , William Casey , chose to rely solely on the information of journalist Claire Sterling in her sensationalistic 1981 book , The Terror Network , one which made the preposterous and unverified claim the KGB was somehow behind every terrorist act on the planet since at least 1968 .
Director Casey once shouted to his analysts in fury , " I paid $ 13.95 for this ( Sterling ’s book ) and it told me more than you bastards whom I pay $ 50,000 a year . "
The irony was that Sterling ’s book had made extensive use of source material that was in fact already part of a long - running CIA disinformation scheme .
The Agency ’s " wise old men " also enthusiastically pushed the " Kremlin did it " assertion , one that soon morphed into the widely held belief that Iran and Libya ( and in some cases , Iraq and Syria — both conveniently onetime Soviet Mideast client states ) were solely responsible for the promotion of radical Islamic fundamentalism throughout the world .
However , while the mainstream media has been willing to exaggerate and even fabricate the truth of these claims , they have remained silent in regard to the US government ’s deep involvement in the active promotion of that very terrorism they claim to bemoan .
A deeper look into the issue clearly shows the key players in this terrorism originate from regions that are firmly in the Western sphere of influence .
Although the Islamic Jihad has numerous Iranian and Iraqi members ( and has used Iran , Iraq Syria and Libya as safe havens ) , its major influences ( and leaders ) come from Afghanistan , Pakistan , Egypt , Saudi Arabia and Algeria — nations where Western political and cultural influence is extensive .
Moreover , in both Afghanistan and Pakistan , Islamic fundamentalism could not have bloomed without the CIA ’s deliberate covert assistance — a fact that is apparent when one examines the recent history of the region .
Those who have employed religious faith to justify endless war are thus much closer to the White House , UN headquarters and 10 Downing Street than they are to Tehran , Baghdad , Damascus or Tripoli .
However , it is n’t just among Islam ’s minority that racism or arrogance is exploited .
A huge global network of government intelligence agencies , a self - styled " anti-Communist " element in the Vatican , multinational corporations and banks , the underworld and powerful fugitive Nazis has been in place for over a half - century .
Since the earliest days of the Cold War , the new totalitarians have manipulated the world ’s ethnic , political and religious tensions by using this huge clandestine network to surreptitiously gain more power for themselves .
The influence of this network reaches Latin America , the USA and Western Europe , and , today , in Russia , China and in the conflict within the former Yugoslavia .
There are even indicators that elements of this espionage monster have reached as far as Africa and Australasia .
Through a combination of governments and their authorized enforcers , powerful individuals , corporations , banks and various secret societies , the liberty of the world ’s peoples are being gradually destroyed .
State - sponsored terrorism , direct or indirect , has become the new means by which the aspiring dictators ’ old strategy of divide and conquer is being implemented on a global scale .
In July 1977 , Pakistan ’s prime minister , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , was deposed ( and later executed ) in a CIA - backed coup led by Bhutto ’s army chief of staff , General Mohammed Zia Al - Haq .
Zulfikar ’s daughter , Benazir , placed under house arrest by Zia , believed the motive behind this coup and her father ’s subsequent death sentence was a reaction to his desire ( with French technical assistance ) to turn Pakistan into a nuclear power in response to neighboring India ’s similar program inaugurated three years before , one in which he succeeded .
Henry Kissinger warned that Bhutto ’s nuclearization policy would result in Pakistan being turned into a " horrible example . "
Once Zia had taken over , the CIA moved in , and its overseas station in Islamabad soon became its largest while Congress paradoxically imposed an arms embargo on the country .
Carter Administration National Security Adviser Brzezinski wanted to use Pakistan as a base to help turn the nearby USSR ’s Moslem provinces against the Kremlin and thus eventually destabilize the entire country .
Thus , despite Congress ’s arms embargo , the CIA and Pakistan ’s secret service , the ISI ( Inter Services Intelligence ) launched the largest covert operation in CIA history , two years before the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
Radical Islamic fundamentalism was to be deliberately promoted to attain specific Cold War political objectives .
In return , General Zia , banking on his image as the great Islamic crusader , built up a loyal following amongst the Pushwar people who inhabited the Pakistani - Afghani border and was quick to staff his military and security forces with numerous Pushwars .
When the Soviets invaded Afghanistan in December 1979 , Brzezinski , Secretary of State Cyrus Vance and CIA Director Stansfield Turner , via Pakistan ’s ISI , included Afghans fighting the Soviets in their pro-Islamic / anti-Soviet policy as part of trying to transform the conflict into a large - scale holy war , an Islamic jihad .
This action , it was believed would make this war the USSR ’s Vietnam .
In a way , it did , but Afghan conflict soon turned out to be much more than that .
For the next decade , the CIA and the ISI recruited , armed , trained and funded almost 100,000 hardcore muhajedin from 40 different Islamic countries , commanded by a then - obscure Harvard educated civil engineer and Arab construction tycoon named Osama bin Laden , as crusaders for the USA ’s proxy war .
This Islamic Foreign Legion ’s rank and file was largely unaware its jihad was actually being fought on behalf of and paid for by Uncle Sam .
( The irony is that the Uncle Sam was equally unaware that it was foolishly financing a future jihad against itself . )
The arrival of Soviet glasnost and perestroika amid the bloody military stalemate in Afghanistan in the mid-1980s meant nothing to General Zia and he continued to publicly preach that he had secured his power as the world leader of militant anti-Communist Islam .
Zia appeared not even to have had a glimmer of suspicion when in 1984 the Reagan Administration , via the CFR ( another refuge for Kissinger , Brzezinski and their globalist allies ) , strenuously lobbied for Benazir Bhutto ’s release from her seven - year - long house arrest .
The three front men for this task were Democratic Senators Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts and Clairborne Pell of Rhode Island as well as State Department official Peter Galbraith ( a onetime college classmate of Benazir ’s ) .
The Kennedy clout aside , it was an interesting selection .
The former Sen .
Pell had been a ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee while Galbraith later became US Ambassador to Croatia .
Benazir Bhutto ’s release had proved useful in undermining the " increasingly uncooperative " General Zia , and in 1985 she won the seat of Chairman of the General Assembly .
Zia contested the election results and remained a political threat to Bhutto ( and an embarrassment to the USA ) until his sudden death in a mysterious ( and possibly deliberately caused ) 1986 plane crash .
It was n’t until 1993 ( after two dissolved governments and two assassination attempts later ) that Benazir was able to wrest presidential power away from Zia ’s sidekick and successor , President Ghulam Ishaq Kha ( Chairman of the Senate under Zia ’s administration ) .
As time passed , her comparatively secure presidential position was attributed by many to be as a result of her belief in the extensive use of human intelligence ( spies and informers ) and her ruthless approach to geopolitics .
Despite Benazir Bhutto ’s assistance in unseating both Zia and Kha , she was clearly not the " puppet leader " the CFR and the CIA had in mind .
Meanwhile , in 1989 , after being severely bloodied by 10 years of relentless , inconclusive warfare , the Red Army had withdrawn from Afghanistan , leaving behind a civilization reduced to rubble .
The CIA continued to send funds and arms , but the expense had become astronomical , and more money was needed .
In response , the muhajedin ordered local farmers to plant , harvest and process opium as a form of what they called a " revolutionary tax . "
Over the next six years , the ISI set up hundreds of small opium - processing plants across Afghanistan .
The Pakistan - Afghanistan border had become the world ’s biggest producer of heroin , and is now the single biggest source of the heroin on North American and European streets .
The annual profits , estimated to be about $ 150 billion yearly , were invested in the continued training and arming of Islamic militants who eventually graduated into staffing radical Moslem insurgencies from the Middle East to the Balkans .
Benazir knew full well who was behind the promotion of Islamic terrorism .
Just before her spring of 1995 visit to the USA she had held a news conference where she stated , " The question that arises is , who was the mastermind that saw that the World Trade Center should be bombed and that I should be eliminated from the [ 1993 ] elections … ?
I would think that it is those individuals who were involved in the Afghan jihad because they were then brainwashed to believe that it was the duty of any Moslem to spread Islam through terror . "
Her remarks , in politicoese , translated as " I have a secret : shall I reveal it ? , " pinched a nerve in the world ’s press .
The 18 - year - long US arms embargo that had been imposed upon Pakistan in the Carter administration in reaction to Islamabad ’s refusal to halt nuclear weapons research was lifted shortly before her 1995 visit .
The slim majority in Congress ’s authorization to do so indicated the presence of intense lobbying on the issue .
Pakistan then received the $ 368 million in military equipment originally purchased under the Zia administration , and the revival of tens of millions of dollars worth of economic aid and US loan guarantees .
It also meant increased International Monetary Fund assistance .
As far as Congress and the public knew , Pakistan was n’t required to do or offer anything in return for this largesse .
The Clinton Administration ’s sudden goodwill towards Pakistan at the time was evidence that all interested parties did n’t want the issue of the February 1993 New York Trade Center bombing to ever resurface — in particular , the CIA ’s connection to the accused Egyptian and Pakistani bombers .
Years before , in October 1981 , following the assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat , the US and Egyptian governments had chosen to step up their infiltration of the Egyptian Islamic fundamentalist groups — a move that occurred partly in response to the CIA ’s desire to avoid another Sadat assassination , and partly to use it as a propaganda weapon against Libya and Iran ( and now Iraq ) .
Thus , by 1990 , the situation in Egypt was such that no Islamic militant could take a bath without the Egyptian or US intelligence services knowing about it .
The actual degree of this infiltration ’s success is best demonstrated by the 1995 trial of the accused New York World Trade Center bombers .
The prosecution evidence included videotape recorded by an FBI informant , a former Egyptian army officer who offered to defuse the planted truck bomb but was refused by the FBI .
The witness denied that he was an Egyptian intelligence agent ; however , US officials admitted at the time , " He ’s no choirboy . "
The informer received over $ 2 million for his " assistance . "
This is an interesting contradiction of a US law that states that it is illegal to use American taxpayers ’ money to pay a bribe to a convicted murderer .
In 1996 , the Taliban — then one of many small marginal sects of dangerous , hardline Islamic fundamentalists supported by the US government — had shot and terrorized its way into absolute power in Afghanistan .
It was funded by the ISI , that old friend of the CIA , and supported by many Pakistani political parties .
The Taliban unleashed a reign of terror and its first victims were , unsurprisingly , their own people .
The Taliban closed down girls ’ schools , dismissed women from government jobs , and enforced sharia laws under which women deemed to be " immoral " are stoned to death , and widows guilty of being adulterous are buried alive .
Given the Taliban government ’s lousy human rights record , it seems unlikely that it will in any way be intimidated or swerved from its purpose by the prospect of war , or the threat to the lives of its subjects .
Afghanistan was not the only nation whose Islamic fundamentalists were deliberately aided by the West .
In Algeria and France , powerful forces with ulterior motives have also long encouraged Islamic guerrillas .
Algerian Moslem fundamentalists received intelligence data and logistical support from elements within France ’s own government .
In 1996 , the Police Judiciae ( the French version of the FBI ) accused Jean Louis Dèbre , the French Interior Minister , of misdirecting the security forces for " political motives . "
Likewise , French police have been accused of cooperating with the Spanish secret service in the creation of the GAL ( anti- terrorist liberation group ) death squads in their war against Basque separatists .
Witnesses have stated under oath French police , police informers and former OAS members assisted with GAL activities within France .
The OAS was a large French terrorist organization violently opposing attempts at Algerian independence during the 1950s and early ’ 60s , a group which counted numerous Corsican gangsters as members and its close links to Islamic Algerian radicals .
As far back as 1961 , Senior OAS Commander Jean - Jacques Sysini discussed with the CIA ’s Paris station chief the possibility of a French - Algerian Moslem alliance .
President Kennedy , though , quashed the CIA - OAS - Muslim Republic scheme on the advice of his political advisers before it could be implemented .
However , Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas on November 22 , 1963 , a crime which some believe involved as a triggerman ( among others ) one Rene Soutre , a powerful Corsican mobster and OAS member who was killed by an unknown assailant in Mexico City nine years later .
JFK was barely in his grave when the CIA ’s use of covert operations increased dramatically .
The CIA took advantage of Kennedy ’s sudden and bloody death as well as Lyndon Johnson ’s thorough disdain for the subtleties of foreign policy to increase aid to the OAS and other non-governmental Moslem groups in France and Algeria to ensure neither the French nor an " unfriendly " ( read : Soviet - influenced ) government would obtain control of the large Algerian oilfields .
The exposure of OAS involvement puts another perspective upon the Algeria - related terrorist attacks within France and Algeria itself .
The French have long accused Paris and US / British oil companies of collaborating in support of the OAS and Moslem rebels .
However , the OAS was n’t the only government - backed underground goon squad of the era .
During the 1954 — 62 Algerian crisis a similar but separate group gradually emerged from the shadows .
Like the OAS , it was a large cabal comprised of many powerful individuals with apparent ( if not necessarily real ) staunch religious - based anti-Soviet beliefs and the OAS ’s ( and the CIA ’s ) desire to rid France of the nonaligned Charles de Gaulle , a group named Il Gladio ( " The Sword " ) .
In 1990 , then - Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti briefed Parliament in open session on Il Gladio — a covert but influential network of an estimated 15,000 agents provocateurs that operated under various guises in many other European nations , not just in Italy .
He explained Il Gladio had been originally set up as the CIA ’s Operation Stay Behind in 1947 and , nine years later , was renamed " Operation Gladio . "
Stay Behind ’s / Gladio ’s initial mission was to reduce the considerable influence of French and Italian Communists right after W.W.II via hefty cash payments to " cooperative " Italian and French politicians , diplomats and influential businessmen ( later , this would include Belgian , Austrian , German , Spanish and Greek ones as well ) and by employing what was called a " strategy of tension . "
This " strategy " made frequent use of scare tactics , media smear campaigns as well as the services of freelance mercenaries , government intelligence officers , hardened career criminals and Mafia hitmen to carry out bloody shootings and bombings where groups like the Italian " Red Brigade " and the German " Baader - Meinhof Gang " were either blamed directly or infiltrated and used as " fronts " for these activities .
These deadly attacks included the Mafia ’s orchestration of the Red Brigade ’s notorious 1978 kidnap and murder of staunchly anti-Mafia Italian Prime Minister Aldo Moro .
The strategy in these high - profile crimes was to manipulate citizens ’ fear of " terrorism " to push for more government police power .
Gladio employed many former Axis intelligence officers who , under former General Reinhard Gehlen and Eisenhower ’s CIA director , Allen Dulles , had been recruited immediately after W.W.II to help create the CIA .
One of these officers was the infamous Licio " The Puppetmaster " Gelli , a former high - ranking Italian Fascist " Blackshirt " and longtime head of the powerful Vatican - Mafia Masonic Lodge founded in 1895 , called " Propaganda Due " or P2 .
Gelli , who had served with Franco ’s forces in the Spanish Civil War , helped organize the underground " ratlines " responsible for smuggling scores of powerful Nazis and their sympathizers out of Europe immediately after World War II .
He was aided by Father Krunoslav Draganovich , a Croat Catholic priest and close friend of fascist ( Ustasha ) Croatia ’s notorious wartime leader , Dr. Ante Pavelich .
While Gelli worked with the respective intelligence agencies ( which included those of the CIA , MI5 and fugitive Gestapo officials ) , Fr. Draganovich secured generous Vatican support for the ratline plan .
Gelli and Draganovich charged the fleeing fascists up to 40 per cent of their money that they split between themselves .
Nazi SS Sturmbannfuehrer ( Major ) Klaus " The Butcher of Lyon " Barbie ( a longtime member of the influential neo- pagan Thule Society ) was also helped to flee in this manner , and US Army picked up the tab ( via unwitting US taxpayers ) as part of their recruitment of Barbie as an agent .
In 1954 , Gelli himself took advantage of his own creation , escaping from a Swiss prison and fleeing to Argentina where he resided as a friend of Argentine dictator Juan Peron .
Another of Gelli ’s longtime friends , Dr. Pavelich ( who had arrived in Buenos Aires with Gelli ’s help seven years before ) served as Peron ’s secret police chief until his death in 1957 , while Klaus Barbie , who fled Europe a year after Gelli had , held a similar position in bordering Bolivia under the alias of Klaus Altmann .
During the 1970s , both Gelli and Barbie / Altmann ( along with California investment swindler and CIA operative Ronald Rewald ) were instrumental in helping Argentina secure large numbers of sophisticated French Exocet antiship missiles , one that sank the British frigate HMS Sheffield during Argentina ’s 1982 war with Britain over the Falkland Islands ( Islas de Malvinas ) .
Funds for these missiles were obtained by Rewald from a bogus but cash - rich Napa , California real estate investment trust called Bishop , Baldwin , Rewald , Dillingham & Wong , simply known as BBRDW , a CIA front which laundered drug money and scammed scores of ordinary Napa and San Francisco Bay area homeowners and investors out of millions of dollars .
On July 17 , 1980 , Barbie / Altmann , commanding secret police and military officers loyal to the corrupt General Luis Garcia Meza , and aided by P2 , the CIA , Colombian drug lords and Argentine military intelligence , prevented the inauguration of freely - elected incoming President Siles Zuazo and his Democratic Popular Unity Party in a bloody debacle that came to be popularly called " The Cocaine Coup . "
General Meza was installed as president while Barbie ’s men hunted down and killed as many pro-Zuazo government officials , journalists , students and labor leaders as they could find , though Zuazo himself survived the purge .
One Argentine intelligence officer who participated in the coup , Lt. Alfred Mario Mingolla , later described to German journalist Kai Hermann Barbie ’s role in the matter :
" Before our departure [ to Bolivia ] , we received a detailed dossier on [ Barbie ] , " Mingolla said .
" There it stated that he was of great use to Argentina because he played an important role in all of Latin America in the fight against Communism . "
The Barbie - led " Cocaine Coup " gave Bolivian narcotics traffickers full run of the country and helped to consolidate the power of the rising Colombian Medellin cartel .
Bolivian cocaine exports reportedly totaled an estimated $ 850 million in the two years after the " Cocaine Coup . "
In October 1982 , angry voters weary of brutal military rule returned the redoubtable Siles Zuazo to the presidency .
A few months later , Zuazo quickly approved the extradition of Barbie to France .
In 1987 , Barbie was tried and convicted of war crimes ( chief among them his sadistic torture - murder of highest - ranking French Resistance member ever captured by the Nazis , Jean Moulin ) and sentenced to life in prison where he died in September 1991 .
As noted above in the Bolivian example , both Latin American and Caribbean nations have been badly harmed by the deeply corrosive effects of these odious CIA / P2 / Vatican / Ratline exports , becoming homes to some of the worst cases of state - sponsored terror in existence — aided by corrupt governments in those nations , by groups like Alpha 66 and Omega 7 — both " anti-Castro " Cuban exile organizations based in south Florida , and by CIA goons like William Walker .
Walker , who organized and led the bloodthirsty government " death squads " in El Salvador during the late 1970s , also fabricated the " Racak Massacre " hoax .
This hoax ( conclusively exposed as such by Finnish forensic physicians and French journalists ) claimed heavily armed Serb police wantonly massacred hundreds of unarmed Albanian villagers in the Kosovo village of Racak in August 1998 .
Walker ’s hoax was employed by the Clinton administration to smear the Serb government in the world press — a government that was fighting hardcore Albanian Moslem KLA insurgents trained and armed by the US government — as a " brutal ethnic cleanser . "
Before the likes of Walker hit the scene , another of the Agency ’s golden boys was the late Dan Mitrione , a former Richmond , Indiana police chief , graduate of the infamous International Police Academy in Washington DC ( closed in 1974 ) and " interrogation " ( torture ) specialist .
For ten years , the appallingly sadistic Mitrione , working undercover as a US Agency for International Development official , taught torture techniques to the Brazilian and Uruguayan secret police .
In 1970 , Mitrione , a lifelong close friend of the notorious Rev. Jim Jones , founder and head of the ill - fated " People ’s Temple " religious cult , ( which had been manipulated by the CIA in some form since at least the early 1970s ) was kidnapped and then killed by Uruguayan Tupamaro guerrillas .
Actor Yves Montand played the Mitrione character in Greek filmmaker Costa Gavras ’ 1972 production , State of Siege .
Meanwhile , back in Italy , P2 had been for years suspected of clandestinely carrying out terrorist acts for which other groups were blamed and was also suspected of being behind the 1976 assassination of Italian judge Vittorio Occorsio .
At the time , Judge Occorsio was investigating P2 links to neo -Nazi organizations .
His death killed his P2 investigation but not before he had uncovered evidence that Operation Gladio and P2 operatives were instrumental in the 1969 Piazza Fontana and 1974 Bologna train station bombings ( a total of 113 dead and some 185 injured . )
In reaction , P2 officially " dissolved " itself — perhaps in name but not in substance .
Even so , however , the supposedly defunct P2 was dealt a severe blow in 1981 when Italian police , attempting to clarify Licio Gelli ’s business connections to powerful Banco Ambrosiano ( BA ) officials and P2 members , financier Michele Sindona and bank president Roberto Calvi , discovered a P2 membership - roll document bearing 962 names .
The list included over 50 Italian generals and admirals , two cabinet members , 36 - plus senior Carabinieri ( police officers ) as well as numerous journalists , Catholic clergymen and entertainers .
These revelations toppled Prime Minister Arnaldo Forlani ’s administration and sent shock waves through NATO headquarters in Brussels .
Yet Tina Anselmi , director of the now disbanded Italian parliamentary commission investigating P2 and its activities , was quoted by David Yallop in his 1984 book , In God ’s Name , as saying , " P2 is by no means dead .
It still has power .
It is working in the institutions .
It is moving in society .
It has money , means and instruments still at its disposal .
It still has fully operative power centers in South America .
It is also able to condition , at least in part , Italian political life . "
In turn , if events in France ( whose secret service , the SDECE , prevented Gelli ’s arrest in 1982 by the Italian secret service SIFAR ) and Spain were any indicators , it would appear this colossal web of espionage and terror is far from untangled and is in fact growing exponentially .
If Gladio operatives were the front line troops in Gelli ’s operation , then P2 was its " shadow government . "
It was expensive to operate all of this , however , and one insight into how Gelli was intimately connected with ruling circles is demonstrated in his secret 1974 meeting with Alexander Haig , retired Army general and former NATO Supreme Commander who had become Nixon ’s White House chief of staff .
Haig assured Gelli of continued funding for both P2 and his various black ops .
This is where the doomed Roberto Calvi entered the picture .
Both Calvi’s BA and the Vatican ’s Instituto per de Riligione ( IOR ) became conduits for laundered money of all sorts from all over the planet .
Under the direction of Archbishop Paul Marcinkus of Cicero , Ill. , head of the IOR , money was flowing into the Holy See ’s coffers from a number of sources , and included funds for Operation Gladio / P2 and drug money from organized crime figures .
There have been several published reports that Cardinal Albino Luciana , elected Pope John Paul I in July 1978 , was intent on ending the crooked activities of the IOR as well as the tenure of Archbishop Marcinkus .
Various hypotheses have been proposed to explain how 33 days after his election to the papacy , an otherwise healthy John Paul I had been found in his bed dead of an apparent and sudden heart attack .
In any case , the new Pope — Cardinal Karel Wojtyla , Pope John Paul II — was elected as successor , and he continued the " business as usual " agenda .
The failed May 1981 attempt on John Paul II ’s life by one Mehmet Ali Agca , a member of the " radical Islamic " Turkish Gray Wolves organization , did n’t affect " business as usual " at the IOR either .
American Enterprise Institute member and former Reagan administration aide ( and Freeper ) Dr. Michael Ledeen received $ 100,000 from the Italian military intelligence officer and P2 member Francesco Pazienza for deliberately creating and disseminating the widely accepted but patently false " Agca - Bulgarian / Soviet connection " to the failed papal assassination .
Ledeen , who is also believed to be a P2 member along with Henry Kissinger and Alex Haig , had also helped convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard originally get his job in the Department of the Navy .
Meanwhile , BA was in dire financial straits .
Calvi began skimming from illicit funds flowing through BA to prop up existing bad loans , and even agreed to " launder " drug money for gangsters .
He reportedly sought financial aid from a Catholic organization called the Opus Dei ( " God ’s Work " ) a secretive but large and politically influential masochistic / self - flagellation cult of which John Paul II is a member ( as is FBI Director Louis Freeh ) , and traveled to London to meet with group ’s treasurer in hopes of selling it a minority stake in BA .
But Calvi ’s good luck had run out .
He ’d double - crossed too many powerful people for too long and his wholesale skimming operation threatened to set off a massive political scandal .
On June 17 , 1982 , Calvi was found hanging by a rope around his neck from a bridge in Rome , dead .
A decade later , a Mafia defector told investigators Calvi had been killed on the orders of a British drug dealer named Francesco DiCarlo .
Two years after Calvi ’s death , in 1984 , the Vatican received official diplomatic recognition from the U.S. government , and soon over $ 12 million in American covert ops funds were being funneled through the Vatican Bank to aid the underground Solidarity trade union in its battle against the tottering Communist regime in Poland , and to help ensure both the breakup of the USSR and solidify the Roman church ’s position in a post - Soviet Eastern Europe .
Italian court documents made public in July 1998 , four months before Licio Gelli ’s death , traced the flow of illicit funds during the 1970s and 1980s from powerful Sicilian mobsters to investments in the Vatican Bank .
In connection with the " spectacular failure " of BA , the London Daily Telegraph reported , " The Holy See resisted all attempts by magistrates investigating the crash to force the now - retired Marcinkus to submit to Italian justice over the crash . "
Another twist involved a new probe by Italian authorities into Calvi ’s murder , and a Daily Telegraph story that a " Vatican finance figure " ( possibly Bishop Marcinkus ) was present at the meeting where the plan to kill Calvi was discussed .
Why does the Vatican ’s involvement in the BA / Calvi affair , like CIA involvement in the Islamic Jihad , keep cropping up ?
The criminal organizations behind the scandal had links to the IOR and the Vatican hierarchy .
In late August 1998 , it was announced Michele Giordano , Archbishop of Naples , was under investigation for " usury , extortion and membership in a criminal group . "
Government prosecutors and members of Italy ’s Finance Guards ( tax agents ) served the archbishop with a search warrant at his " palace . "
In reaction , Giordano threatened a diplomatic incident and claimed his residence , being an office of the papacy , enjoyed diplomatic immunity and extraterritorial status .
Even so , investigators still seized a large number of paper documents and electronic files on floppy disks .
The Cardinal ’s younger brother , Mario , had been arrested earlier that month in connection with Rome ’s probe of the Bank of Naples .
Two other Bank of Naples officials — including a former manager — were charged with extortion and running an illegal loan - sharking operation that charged interest rates as high as 400 % .
" Investigators have traced back to the cardinal and his administration cheques totaling more than 250,000 pounds cashed by his brother … " noted the Telegraph at the time .
P2 is n’t the only force of covert global totalitarianism that remains at large and in business .
Similar groups are prevalent throughout Europe and the world as a whole .
German , US , British and Austrian mercenaries served with Croat Ustasha and Bosnian Moslem troops in 1994 — 95 in their brutal campaign to kill or forcibly expel some 300,000 ethnic Serbs from their ancestral homes in Croatia and Bosnia .
Yet again , the Balkans is serving its long - running historical role as a laboratory for " the great powers " to develop and test new methods of civil war , genocide and state - sponsored terror , with potentially deadly international consequences .
The US and British governments denied the predominance of diehard Ustasha and radical Moslem elements within the respective Croat and Bosnian governments while , along with Germany and Israel , were both secretly supplying arms to those same elements from day one .
Germany had sent nearly all of the Soviet - style arms used by the defunct East German forces ( ranging from Kalashnikov assault rifles and 130 mm field guns to SAMs and attack helicopters ) to the Croats .
A great deal of weapons and funds also came from Pakistan , Indonesia and possibly even from Iran and Iraq .
Logistical support was provided to the Croat and Bosnian armies by the USA , allied UN troops and , according to local rumors , members of the French Foreign Legion in Sarajevo .
According to the relative of a high - ranking Indonesian military official , one such airlift took place in August 1994 when New Zealand UN troops brought , along with their own gear , Indonesian - made small arms earmarked for the Bosnian Moslem forces .
This report has not been positively verified .
However , it is on record that in early September 1994 , shortly after the arrival of New Zealand troops in that former Yugoslav republic , Bosnian Moslem forces launched a brutal counteroffensive against the Serbs using large stores of munitions and large numbers of new heavy weapons , previously noticeable only by their absence .
How did they get so many of these arms so suddenly ?
Perhaps it is just coincidence that , a week later , Indonesia awarded New Zealand Telecom an NZ$ 600 million contract to develop Indonesia ’s wireless communications network .
At the same time , New Zealand television had run an investigative report on the connection of a joint NZ - Israeli airline , Pacific Express , to the illegal arms trade .
The documentary cited the airline ’s flight routes and destinations that included Islamabad , Christchurch , Sarajevo and Somalia — flight paths closely matching the developing heroin trafficking routes running into North America at that time , echoing the messy Iran - Contra affair ( and the nefarious activities of the CIA airline , Air America , in Southeast Asia and , later , in Latin America ) where promotion of large - scale narcotics and weapons trafficking and terrorism and the pursuit of more political power were justified in " the interests of national security . "
While Pope Bush declares a holy war on Islam after the calamitous Sept. 11th , 2001 attacks ( oddly enough , for which no group , Moslem or otherwise has yet claimed responsibility and amid allegations US authorities ignored several warnings of just such an attack months ago ) and continues business as usual with Moslem Syria and a nuclear - armed Moslem Pakistan , the US government still freely supports the murderous Albanian Moslem KLA in Kosovo and Macedonia , a US government which even terror - bombed Serbia in 1999 — the same Serbia that was being attacked and terrorized by that very KLA , a terrorist organization which controls a huge and rapidly growing regional prostitution , extortion and narcotics trafficking network — the heroin coming from those highly profitable Taliban - controlled opium poppy fields along the Afghan - Pakistani border — and is exporting it to the rest of Europe , all on the US taxpayer ’s tab .
What does all of this mean ?
Well , it seems to mean that the USA today is the late Roman Empire .
Oxford historian Arnold Toynbee once explained that Rome , after defeating the Carthaginians , Phoenicians and quelling Spartacus ’s slave revolt ( which destroyed the last vestiges of a republican Rome as well ) became what he called " the universal state " — an imperial entity , much like China became after the " Era of Competing States . " ( 480 — 222 BC . )
The USA became the world ’s latest " universal state " after the collapse of the USSR in 1991 — alias the " world ’s sole superpower . "
A universal state is like a shark — it cannot stop swimming or eating or it will die — an empire needs constant expansion and plunder or it too will die , and guess what , in the case of empires — in a given era there ’s only so much territory to go around and only so much plunder to be had .
In order to help keep this process of plunder in motion , foreign " straw man " enemies have to be constantly created , ( Saddam Hussein , Ayatollah Khomeini , the Chinese , etc. ) even if out of thin air and then aggressively " pursued , " but not necessarily destroyed .
Police state methods then have to be used domestically to force " consensus " as to these " enemies " and what to be done or not done with them .
Dissent is labeled " treason " because it resists " commonly agreed upon " imperial objectives .
Ohio GOP Sen .
Bob Taft said in August 1943 that interventionism abroad , no matter how well - intentioned , eventually leads to totalitarianism at home .
Moreover , those being conquered and plundered by this " universal state " soon get quite resentful and aggressive and by definition , over time , there are more and more resentful subjects — just like the barbarian " hordes " who eventually sacked an overextended and tottering Rome for the final time in the 400s and the subjugated Mexican Indian tribes who gleefully allied with the invading Spaniards to destroy the oppressive Aztec civilization in the 1520s .
So , was Sept. 11 , 2001 the first " sack " of the " New Rome ? "
It sure seems like it .
Ruby Ridge and Waco were possibly the USA ’s " failed 1905 Revolutions " — echoes of far bigger things to come ?
We as a people are so comprehensively manipulated .
Our leaders have had a lot of practice , since before the days of Ivan Pavlov and his dogs .
The " hit " on World Trade Center and the Pentagon were , like it or not , brilliant examples of sophisticated unconventional warfare .
From a psychological viewpoint — it was even more effective .
In psychological warfare — a group or person maintaining or gaining control of or destroying widely recognized monuments , territories or buildings is vital to convincing the populace of that group ’s or person ’s effectiveness or legitimacy .
It ’s why Richard Nixon tried to hold on to the White House ( Presidency ) and it ’s why Bill Clinton would not resign .
It ’s why the Bolsheviks seized the Winter Palace , and why Gen. MacArthur returned with his troops to the Philippines in 1944 , even though strategically it was not necessary for the US victory over Japan , and in fact may have prolonged the war in the Pacific .
These and similar acts create solid psychological foundations supporting the legitimacy of and justifying anything that follows from these actions .
This leads me to believe the whole Sept. 11th disaster was some kind of elaborate psychological operation , that US government intelligence agencies were involved indirectly somehow .
Thinking back to Germany ’s actual " Operation Himmler " in August 1939 ( where German troops in Polish army uniforms burned a German radio station in the German - Polish border town of Gleiwitz to justify invading Poland ) and the CIA ’s proposed " Operation Northwoods " in 1962 ( where Cuban Communists would be blamed for the sudden bombing of a jetliner or hotel in Miami or for the failure of any US manned space mission ) —
I do n’t hesitate to entertain the notion that power - hungry , out - of - control Medusa - like Moloch of the US government will employ as many " Reichstag Fires " and kill scores of innocent people as necessary to extend its own power .
Since the days of the demonization of Spartacus by Crassus , Caesar and Pompey and Robespierre ’s and Danton ’s deliberate use of violent " agents provocateurs " in the French Revolution to advance their own autocratic power — the song remains the same .
The Best of Michael E. Kreca
Debate commission says it will make …
Best Language Learning App
Are you considering making the commitment to learn a new language ?
Perhaps you ’ve hesitated to learn a new language because you ’re worried about the time involved .
Or maybe you ’ve heard it ’s more difficult to learn a language as an adult .
Set these common misconceptions about learning languages aside , because research suggests that your ability to learn a language is mostly a matter of practice — building confidence through speaking , and contextualizing your learning .
If you ’re ready to get started , you may be trying to choose between a number of language learning apps .
Why is the Rosetta Stone app the best language learning app for you ?
Because the best way to learn a new language is to completely surround yourself with it .
And Rosetta Stone ’s Dynamic Immersion® method , delivered through the Rosetta Stone app , does exactly that .
Through the Rosetta Stone : Learn Languages app , interactive and contextual lessons blend with Extended Learning features , and all of it is literally at your fingertips–anytime , anywhere , through any device , online or off .
With a wide variety of speaking - focused lessons and features , instantaneous pronunciation feedback , a track record of getting people speaking confidently , and a nearly - perfect 4.7 rating in the app store , the award - winning Rosetta Stone mobile app is the best way to learn new languages .
And the best part about Rosetta Stone ?
You do n’t have to choose between the mobile app or desktop .
Both come with your subscription and are always in sync , so you can switch between devices seamlessly .
Gone are the days when getting language instruction involved a physical classroom .
At Rosetta Stone , we use a blend of technology - based learning and native - speaking tutors to simulate real - world immersion wherever you are — allowing you to learn a new language effectively .
On your schedule and at a fraction of the cost of individual classroom instruction .
USA TODAY 's Science team
Visit Science
Fair for your daily dose of scientific news , from dinosaurs to distant galaxies .
Science Fair is written by science reporters Dan Vergano and Elizabeth Weise and weather reporter Doyle Rice .
Their subjects are often controversial -- and always fascinating -- be they stem - cell research , slime mold , or underground slush on Mars .
More about the team
He only stopped requesting to see the other woman when Jenny threatened to kick him out of the house and run off with their children .
When the governor declared that he was leaving town to “ get his head right , ” his wife made him promise that he was not going to see the other woman .
“ I will not see her , ” he told Jenny .
“ I shiver when I think that while I was cleaning up after a delicious family meal with the boys and their cousins , he was e-mailing his ‘ soulmate ’ with visions of her tan lines , ” she writes .
The fallout
When the governor finally landed back in the United States to intense media attention after disappearing for several days to see his mistress , he called Jenny to ask , “ How are you doing ? ”
“ How am I ? ” she responded .
“ How do you think I am ? ”
“ Jenny , be gentle with me , ” the governor said .
“ Gentle ? ” she shot back .
“ Do you know what kind of a storm you are returning to ?
And where do we stand ? ”
Sanford told his wife that he had ended the affair and that he had met with a reporter at the Atlanta airport upon his arrival and “ told her of my love of adventure travel and so on . ”
Jenny doubted that her husband ’s story would hold , and when national scrutiny heightened and the governor decided to hold a press conference , she advised him to “ be honest and get it over with . ”
“ Whatever you do , do n’t talk about your heart , ” she said .
The governor , of course , did not follow his wife ’s advice , holding an emotional tear - filled press conference in which he confessed his love for his “ soulmate . ”
After the press conference , he called Jenny to ask : “ How ’d I do ? ”
“ Are you kidding me ?
You cried for her and said little of me or the boys , ” she responded .
Of the exchange , she writes : “ I guess he ’d forgotten I was not the one to praise his performance . ”
If campaigners for greater public discussion of Britain 's immigration policies are as serious as they claim to be they 'll have to do better than putting the bumbling former Archbishop of Canterbury , Lord Carey , on the airwaves to promote their case – as they did today .
Personally , I 'm in favour of such a debate , though well aware of why the major political parties run a mile from it .
It 's become the dog that almost never barks , a fact I find amazing .
Why so ?
It 's a complex and emotive issue .
Some voters who would n't dream of doing society 's rotten jobs themselves want to " send them all back " yesterday .
The BNP and its like hover malevolently without having anything useful to say either .
But here we go again .
Last night the Balanced Migration group , co-chaired by backbenchers Frank Field ( Labour ) and Nick Soames ( Conservative ) issued another challenge ahead of the election .
It should be on their website but was n't there when I checked this morning .
Among the papers I read at home it was reported only in the Daily Mail , though BBC Radio 4 carried a report – and interviewed the hapless - but - decent Dr Carey .
Anyway here it is :
A DECLARATION ON POPULATION
70 MILLION IS TOO MANY 1 .
We are gravely concerned about the rapid increase in the population of England that is now forecast .
We note that the official projections show the population of the UK will increase from 61.4 million in 2008 to exceed 70 million by 2029 .
Over the next 25 years the population will increase by 10 million , nearly all of the increase being in England .
70 % – 7 million – will be due to immigration .
We believe that immigration on such a scale will have a significant impact on our public services , our quality of life and on the nature of our society .
2 . We welcome the considerable benefits that immigration has brought to British life .
However , we note that over the last decade immigration has reached unprecedented levels .
Furthermore , we note that a major enquiry by the economic affairs committee of the House of Lords found no evidence that net immigration generates significant economic benefits for the existing UK population .
We note also that the latest household projections show that nearly 40 % of new households to be formed by 2031 will be the result of immigration – approximately one every five minutes .
3 . Accordingly , we call on the major parties to make clear commitments in their general election manifestos to reduce net immigration to the levels of the early 1990s – that is less than 40,000 a year compared to 163,000 in 2008 – in such a way as to ensure that the population of the UK will not reach 70 million .
4 . We recognise that this will not be easy to achieve .
Over the last decade or so we have lost control of immigration .
It will take several years to put this right .
But the first requirement is a clear political decision to put in hand the measures required to restore control over our borders , to break the present almost automatic link between coming to Britain and later gaining citizenship , and thus take a range of further measures to limit the growth in our population .
5 . We are convinced that failure to take action would be seriously damaging to the future harmony of our society .
Nearly a million votes by our fellow citizens for an extremist party amount to a danger sign which must not be ignored .
For too long the major political parties have failed to address these issues and the intense , if largely private , concern that they generate throughout our country .
If politicians want to rebuild the public 's trust in the political system , they cannot continue to ignore this issue which matters so much to so many people .
The time has come for action .
Plenty there to take issue with , but also to agree with , I imagine .
Even those who say that immigrants produce a net economic benefit to society usually offer figures that suggest only a modest net per capita gain .
And the point about the strain on public services at the poorer end of society is hard to deny .
My GPs are a Pole and a Sikh , both excellent in their different ways , but I do n't live in a deprived neighbourhood and they do n't choose to work in one .
When the 70 million projection first emerged from the Office of National Statistics the Guardian 's Alan Travis raised some expert questions about the likelihood of it ever actually happening .
So did the immigration minister , Phil Woollas , who is far from being a bleeding - heart liberal ( that may be why he got the job ) , but said the government 's tighter rules had already produced a 44 % fall in net immigration in 2008 .
" Net " is always an important word because it implies that some left too .
And 2008 was n't a great year for economic migrants – those from eastern Europe mostly – to head this way , what with the recession and the pound 's sharp fall against the Polish zloty .
I doubt very much whether UK population will reach 70 million by 2029 or thereabouts because population projections usually tend to go wrong .
We were at ZPG – zero population growth – in the mid-70s and some of the same people now alarmed about there being too many of us were alarmed about there being too few .
But these things should be talked about more than they are .
It 's not just raw numbers , it 's who exactly the newcomers are , the contribution they make to the economy and wider society , the demands some may also make .
We are usually happy to accept highly skilled doctors , engineers , IT professionals ( well , Nick Griffin might not be , but most people are , I expect ) , and are worried about too many poor and illiterate people ( not to mention militant Islamists ) who lack the ability – sometimes the will – to work .
Refugees are a separate category .
It 's right to take in the needy , as we have ( to great benefit ) for centuries ; wrong to be deemed a soft – or administratively incompetent – touch in a world of globalised travel .
Labour finally seems to be deporting more people who should n't be here or should have left .
Good .
That may restore some battered confidence in the system .
The signatories of today 's Balanced Migration statement are , at best , second order politicians .
Field is a clever chap , but a hopeless practical politician .
Soames is a beached Tory whale who carries the curse of Churchillian genes .
Carey was Margaret Thatcher 's choice for Canterbury who looks smart only in comparison with the bearded egghead , Dr Rowan Williams , who succeeded him .
Betty Boothroyd is there , along with Michael Ancram , Peter Bottomley and Peter Kilfoyle – a ragbag of decent , essentially liberal folk without much clout .
On Radio 4 's Today programme this morning , Carey explained that he is n't asking for only Christian immigrants – glad we cleared that up – but that newcomers must accept the rules of our Christian - based democracy , our language and history .
He can't have read the " Britishness test " for new citizens on which I commented recently .
He also acknowledged that critics must n't " play into the hands of the BNP " and talked about fairness and the alienation that exists among some members of the white working class .
For a man who has delivered a lot of sermons in his time it was n't clear to me quite what he was trying to say except to express unease .
He certainly conveyed that .
Must try harder .
Preface :
Please skip to the end of this essay ( entitled “ Why Should I Care ? ” ) if you want to see why this issue is important to the economy , civil rights , and the political causes which are most important to you .
Yves does not necessarily agree with this essay .
Indeed , she may dislike it so much that she bans me from the site .
Please send any hate mail to me , not Yves , as I am solely responsible .
So why am I posting this ?
Because if I do n’t have the courage of my convictions to speak unpopular truths , then why should I write at all ?
Governments from around the world admit they carry out false flag terror :
A major with the Nazi SS admitted at the Nuremberg trials that – under orders from the chief of the Gestapo – he and some other Nazi operatives faked attacks on their own people and resources which they blamed on the Poles , to justify the invasion of Poland .
Nazi general Franz Halder also testified at the Nuremberg trials that Nazi leader Hermann Goering admitted to setting fire to the German parliament building , and then falsely blaming the communists for the arson
The CIA admits that it hired Iranians in the 1950 ’s to pose as Communists and stage bombings in Iran in order to turn the country against its democratically - elected prime minister
Israel admits that an Israeli terrorist cell operating in Egypt planted bombs in several buildings , including U.S. diplomatic facilities , then left behind “ evidence ” implicating the Arabs as the culprits ( one of the bombs detonated prematurely , allowing the Egyptians to identify the bombers , and several of the Israelis later confessed ) ( and see this and this )
admitted by the U.S. government , recently declassified documents show that in the 1960 ’s , the American Joint Chiefs of Staff signed off on a plan to blow up AMERICAN airplanes ( using an elaborate plan involving the switching of airplanes ) , and also to commit terrorist acts on American soil , and then to blame it on the Cubans in order to justify an invasion of Cuba .
See the following Asby the U.S. government , recently declassified documents show that in the 1960 ’s , the American Joint Chiefs of Staff signed off on a plan to ( using an elaborate plan involving the switching of airplanes ) , and also to , and then to blame it on the Cubans in order to justify an invasion of Cuba .
See the following ABC news report the official documents ; and watch this interview with the former Washington Investigative Producer for ABC ’s World News Tonight with Peter Jennings .
Official State Department documents show that – only nine months before – the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and other high - level officials discussed blowing up a consulate in the Dominican Republic in order to justify an invasion of that country .
Neither plan was carried out , but they were both discussed as serious proposals
The South African Truth and Reconciliation Council found that , in 1989 , the Civil Cooperation Bureau ( a covert branch of the South African Defense Force ) approached an explosives expert , and asked him “ to participate in an operation aimed at discrediting the ANC [ the African National Congress ] by bombing the police vehicle of the investigating officer into the murder incident ” , thus framing the ANC for the bombing
An Algerian diplomat and several officers in the Algerian army admit that , in the 1990s , the Algerian army frequently massacred Algerian civilians and then blamed Islamic militants for the killings ( and see this video ; and Agence France - Presse , 9/27/2002 , French Court Dismisses Algerian Defamation Suit Against Author )
According to the Washington Post , Indonesian police admit that the Indonesian military killed American teachers in Papua in 2002 and blamed the murders on a Papuan separatist group in order to get that group listed as a terrorist organization .
The well - respected former Indonesian president also admits that the government probably had a role in the Bali bombings
As reported by BBC , the New York Times , and Associated Press , Macedonian officials admit that the government murdered 7 innocent immigrants in cold blood and pretended that they were Al Qaeda soldiers attempting to assassinate Macedonian police , in order to join the “ war on terror ” .
Former Department of Justice lawyer John
Yoo suggested in 2005 that the US should go on the offensive against al - Qaeda , having “ our intelligence agencies create a false terrorist organization .
It could have its own websites , recruitment centers , training camps , and fundraising operations .
It could launch fake terrorist operations and claim credit for real terrorist strikes , helping to sow confusion within al - Qaeda ’s ranks , causing operatives to doubt others ’ identities and to question the validity of communications . ”
United Press International reported in June 2005 :
U.S. intelligence officers are reporting that some of the insurgents in Iraq are using recent - model Beretta 92 pistols , but the pistols seem to have had their serial numbers erased .
The numbers do not appear to have been physically removed ; the pistols seem to have come off a production line without any serial numbers .
Analysts suggest the lack of serial numbers indicates that the weapons were intended for intelligence operations or terrorist cells with substantial government backing .
Analysts speculate that these guns are probably from either Mossad or the CIA .
Analysts speculate that agent provocateurs may be using the untraceable weapons even as U.S. authorities use insurgent attacks against civilians as evidence of the illegitimacy of the resistance .
Quebec police admitted that , in 2007 , thugs carrying rocks to a peaceful protest were actually undercover Quebec police officers
At the G20 protests in London in 2009 , a British member of parliament saw plain clothes police officers attempting to incite the crowd to violence
Why Should I Care ?
You may ask yourself “ why should I care ? ”
You should care because terrorism harms the economy .
Specifically , a study by Harvard and the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) points out :
From an economic standpoint , terrorism has been described to have four main effects ( see , e.g. , US Congress , Joint Economic Committee , 2002 ) .
First , the capital stock ( human and physical ) of a country is reduced as a result of terrorist attacks .
Second , the terrorist threat induces higher levels of uncertainty .
Third , terrorism promotes increases in counter - terrorism expenditures , drawing resources from productive sectors for use in security .
Fourth , terrorism is known to affect negatively specific industries such as tourism .
The Harvard / NBER concludes :
In accordance with the predictions of the model , higher levels of terrorist risks are associated with lower levels of net foreign direct investment positions , even after controlling for other types of country risks .
On average , a standard deviation increase in the terrorist risk is associated with a fall in the net foreign direct investment position of about 5 percent of GDP .
Moreover :
Terrorism has contributed to a decline in the global economy ( for example , European Commission , 2001 ) .
And see this .
In addition , you should care because terror causes governments to strip liberties and civil rights from the people :
“ This and no other is the root from which a tyrant springs ; when he first appears he is a protector . ”
– Plato “ If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy . ”
– U.S. President James Madison
“ Terrorism is the best political weapon for nothing drives people harder than a fear of sudden death ” .
– Adolph Hitler
“ Why of course the people do n’t want war … But after all it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy , and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy , or a fascist dictatorship , or a parliament , or a communist dictatorship …
Voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders .
That is easy .
All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked , and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger .
It works the same in any country . ”
– Hermann Goering , Nazi leader .
“ The easiest way to gain control of a population is to carry out acts of terror .
[ The public ] will clamor for such laws if their personal security is threatened ” .
– Josef Stalin
Indeed , the political causes you hold most dear will be derailed if false flag terror is carried out .
To see that this is true , let ’s take a step back ..
Imagine , if you would , that you were a citizen in Germany right after the example of false flag terror by the Nazis discussed above had occurred .
Do you believe you could have stopped the government from invading Poland by reminding Germans that war is bad and peace is good ?
Do you imagine you could have stopped the brownshirts and loss of domestic rights by writing about the desirability of civil liberties ?
Do you think that you could have convinced people that protecting the environment , or addressing human or civil rights , or helping the poor , or education , or equality , or any other political crusade was more important than “ protecting the Fatherland ” when Germans were terrified for their safety ?
Please think about it .
The German people were whipped up into a state of hysteria and fear , because they thought they were under attack by Poles and other “ bad guys ” .
The Germans were in shock , and rallied around their “ strong ” leader ( it was n’t just the bad economy ) .
Without first exposing the truth that the attacks were false flag attacks – which were largely the source and root cause of the German people ’s fears , and which allowed the German parliament and other institutions to hand Hitler total power – the sweeping away of good political causes by the wave of fear could not be stopped .
Moreover , the Nazis might have been derailed and perhaps brought to justice well before the Nuremberg trials if the false flag hoaxes had been exposed at the time .
The German people could have been spared from the horrors inflicted on their nation and the world by the Nazis .
And sanity and positive political changes might have prevailed in 1940 ’s - era Germany .
Please think about it . . .
Those who do not learn history are doomed to repeat it .
Among the CIA 's many tricks during the Cold War , it turns out , was some actual magic .
Such a eye - catching solution may not pan out , given that there 's still no news on cost or even safety -- the actual laser zapping was restricted to the video rather than the live TED demo .
But with pharmaceutical companies desperately open - sourcing the cure for malaria and scientists testing whether the insects can transmit a malaria vaccine , we figure any proven lethal method is worth a shot .
How to Stickhandle
Stickhandling is very important in hockey , many young players may think they know how to stickhandle , but you may be surprised what you are doing wrong !
I used to think I was pretty good with the puck , I could get around players , I could deke and I could score goals .
I lived by this notion until I was about 16 years old , and wanted to score even more .
I started looking around for information about stickhandling and deking .
I started studying the best stickhandlers in the NHL and I began to realize something , I could be a lot better .
Do n’t make the same mistakes I did , learn the proper way from the start .
This article will help you learn the proper way to stickhandle , and how you can control the puck in any situation
Stickhandling Basics
When most players practice stickhandling they practice with the puck in front of them and moving the puck back and forth .
For beginning players this is fine , you need to get a feel for the puck , and practice stickhandling with your head up .
But when you get older , or better at hockey you should practice a lot more .
When you first start stickhandling practice moving the puck back and forth .
Lift your head and just feel the puck , see what it feels like on your forehand , on your backhand , near the toe of the blade , near the heel of your blade .
Get to know these feelings , by registering those feelings in your brain you will improve a lot at keeping your head up and not losing the puck as much .
But there is more to stickhandling than moving the puck back and forth … .
The Golden Rule of Stickhandling
Many players think that stickhandling is moving the puck back and forth , this is wrong .
When you practice stickhandling you should practice controlling the puck every where you can reach with your hockey stick .
This means moving the puck side to side AND forwards and backwards , in front of you , on both sides of you , and even behind you .
Practice this as soon as you can and as often as you can .
Not only will you be able to stickhandle through heavy traffic , and around a lot more players , you will also be able to recover the puck more often when it is knocked off of your stick , and you will also be able to receive more passes .
If you can control the puck around your entire body you will not have to slow down and wait for a pass , you will be able to reach back , tap the puck forwards and take off .
Stickhandling around your entire body will give you a huge advantage over other players who only practice stickhandling in front of them , and you will be able to stickhandle around a lot more players .
Practice your Reach
This is very important in stickhandling .
A lot of players keep their top hand ( the hand on the top of the stick ) by their side , this is very restricting and gives you a limited range of motion when stickhandling .
The proper way to hold the stick is with your top hand in front of you , this allows you to move your stick ( and the puck ) all the way around your body .
Practice moving the puck as far as you can to the right , and then bringing it back , and then moving it as far as you can to the left and then bringing it back .
For even more reach practice let go of the stick with your bottom hand when you are reaching to your backhand side .
Practice the Toe Drag
The toe drag is such a powerful move in hockey , you would be crazy not to master it .
How often have you seen NHL players embarrass NHL defensemen with a ridiculous toe drag ?
It happens quite a bit , I have attached a video of a nice toe drag by Michael Ryder .
If players can use this move on NHL defensemen and get away with it , then once you master it you should be able to use it to get around your opponents .
For more information on the toe drag see my article and video How to Do a Toe Drag
Take it to the Ice
Now that you have practiced stickhandling and mastered controlling the puck around your entire body you are ready to take it to the ice .
Keep in mind you should always be practicing your stickhandling and deking , but try to leave the moves you have not mastered yet to the practice , and only use moves you have mastered during games ( especially playoff games )
Always Move the Puck
This is a good general rule , by moving the puck you are always prepared to make a deke or move on the opponent , and the opponent will always be thinking about what you are going to do next .
Moving the puck is also known as dribling ( moving the puck back and forth quickly )
There are dekes that require you to keep the puck stationairy ( like the bait and switch , will add article soon ) but for the most part you should always be moving the puck .
Use Your Body
Stickhandling should not just be arms , stick and puck .
Use your entire body in the process .
Your body is a great tool to block other players from getting the puck ( see protect the puck below )
Your body can also be a good tool in deking , remember to use your head , shoulders and legs .
Here ’s a quick breakdown for you – Use your head for fakes , shift your head left or right when you deke left and right with the puck .
Use your shoulder for fakes , you can dip your shoulder left or right when you deke left or right .
Use your feet for dekes –
You can incorporate your feet in any number of dekes , you can drop the puck back to your skates and then kick it back , pull the puck behind you , then pull it in between your skates and kick it forwards .
You can even use your legs for fakes , think about when you fake a shot on the goalie , if you lift your one leg as if you are transferring weight you can really sell the fake .
( I will upload a sweet goal by Teemu Selanne where he does this )
Stickhandling Tips Video
This video explains how a player should be able to control the puck and shows a few quick drills you can use to practice being a better stickhandler
How to Get Around the Defense
For more on this check out my deke of the week videos – A good way to beat most defensemen is to beat them with speed .
Instead of skating up to them , or waiting for them to come to you and then deking them , just blow past them with your speed .
When skating around the opposing players puck location is very important .
Many players will skate with the puck in front of them all the time .
To get an advantage over the opponent you should position the puck on the side furthest from the opposing player while stickhandling .
This means if the opposing players are on the right side , move the puck to your left side and skate around them .
Another way to deceive the defense is to make them think that they can get the puck from you .
For example , say the defense is in front of you and on the right hand side .
If I move the puck to the left side to soon then the better defencemen will move with the puck and stop me .
Sometimes I will stickhandle with the puck so it appears the defencemen will easily be able to get it off of me ( if the defence is on the right side , I stickhandle on the right side ) .
I skate full tilt towards them , so they think all they have to do is knock the puck off my stick .
I then quickly move the puck as far to the left side as I can , while turning , or crossing over to the left side , this gives me about a 15 - 20 foot difference between where the puck was , to where it currently is , and lots of room to skate around the defence .
Protect the Puck
Remember when driving to the net , or trying to push around another player that you should protect the puck .
You protect the puck by putting your body in between the other player and the puck .
Another good trick is to hold your hockey stick with one hand , and use the other hand to block the opposition from getting the puck off of you .
I will add more tips on how to protect the puck soon ( man I have so much information I still need to add ! )
Well those are all of my stickhandling tips for now .
If you have any tips of your own that you would like to add feel free to add them in the comment section below .
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
People do more than ride bicycles at Google .
December 2 , 2009
Among the points of interest in the unfolding climate scandal is the fact that the term “ climategate ” rapidly eclipsed global warming in the number of links produced by a simple Google search .
As is standard , Google ’s auto - suggest function facilitated this , several days into the story ’s evolution .
Anyone typing in the letters c -l - i would see the suggested time - saving choice of “ climate gate . ”
Within a day or two of the auto - suggest function being added for “ climategate ” it had become the top item in the list .
Suddenly , though , on Monday December 1 , Google stopped offering “ climategate ” as a choice to those who typed c - l - i and even to those who typed c - l - i - m - a - t - e - g - a - t. Strange .
Intrigued , I sent a few questions to Google ’s Global Communications Department and a polite gentleman by the name of Jake Hubert responded right away .
This is what he wrote back in an e-mail :
Hi Harold , I can verify that Google has not ever removed the query [ climategate ] or variations of the query from Google Suggest .
It was never a “ decision ” as you suggest in your question , but instead it may have disappeared from the Suggest feature because of a normal update of the Suggest feature .
The suggestions change dynamically over time through automated processes based on relevance algorithms .
Google Suggest uses a variety of algorithms in order to come up with relevant suggestions while the user is typing .
We do remove certain clearly pornographic or hateful or malicious slur terms from Suggest , but we have not removed anything in this case .
Hope this helps , Jake
In my response , I pointed out that the number of links produced by a “ climategate ” query was growing by leaps and bounds , drawing attention to the fact that “ climategate ” had eclipsed global warming ( by that point ) by more than half .
( The doubling would be completed in the next 24 hours . )
Could he double - check with his product team ?
His response was not surprising :
Hi Harold , I hear what you ’re saying , and I have already verified my prior statement with our product team .
Thanks ,
Jake
At this point , although I suspected I was getting the run-around , I thought I ’d give Jake one last shot at solving this problem :
Hi Jake , I ’m not questioning whether your product team confirmed your statement .
Thank you again for that .
I wonder , though , whether they have the complete story .
For instance , I wonder whether you and they have run some experiments just to see how odd this is ?
In your first response , you wrote , “ The suggestions change dynamically over time through automated processes based on relevance algorithms . ”
Correct me if I ’m wrong , but the relevance algorithms work according to numbers of searches and links .
Google Suggest fills in , for instance , both your name ( although your name search produces only 680,000 links ) and my name ( which produces only 1,690,000 links ) .
Climategate , on the other hand , yields 16 million links ( growing by the hour ) , but Google Suggest does n’t provide suggestions .
So , the math does n’t appear to add up .
Would it be possible to give me an example of another word or phrase that is yielding more and more hits ( has more than 15 million already ) but that Google Suggest does not in - fill ( or stops during the word or phrase ’s ascendancy ) ?
Barring such examples , this has the appearance of a political decision from high up the chain of command .
Would it be possible to provide me with contact information for a press officer at Google at the executive level ?
Thank you in advance .
Regards , Harold
Unlike the previous efforts at communication , this one was met with silence .
At that point , I thought it might save time to work my way up the chain of command .
I e-mailed a letter to Eric Schmidt , Google ’s CEO , to whom I forwarded my correspondence with Jake .
Toward the end of my letter I wrote the following :
Unfortunately , what this situation appears like is one in which someone with an interest in suppressing Climategate prevailed upon someone within the Google structure to remove Climategate from the list of auto - suggests .
( Other phrases starting with climate are still Google - suggested even though they have many fewer links than Climategate . )
I asked him if it would it be possible to have someone from his staff look into this .
I also asked if it would be possible to interview him by phone .
Failing that , I said , perhaps I could send him a list of questions ?
After sending the message , I went out to pick up my daughter from nursery school .
When I returned , there was a message from Jake on my answering machine .
Without boring readers with the entirety of the message , the takeaway was the statement “ No need to contact the CEO . ”
I returned Jake ’s call and we spent a pleasant ten minutes on the phone , during which he explained that there was “ no conspiracy , ” that the algorithm governing Google Suggest simply had its own idiosyncracies , things of that nature .
Nothing remotely credible , I am afraid , although I have no doubt that Jake was sincere .
I decided then to try another e-mail to Eric Schmidt ( Sorry about that , Jake ! ) .
In the meantime , I ’d seen that Google searching “ climategate ” ( if one was willing to type in the whole phrase ) now produced 22 million links .
Dear Mr. Schmidt ,
Thank you for following up with Jake Hubert , who has reached out to me by telephone .
Unfortunately , the explanation makes no more sense by phone than it did by e-mail .
Climategate generates 22 million links on the main Google search engine .
Global warming , by comparison , generates fewer than 11 million .
The idea that a numbers - driven algorithm stopped Google Suggest from filling in Climategate is absurd on its face .
( Google Suggest , as it should , continues to in - fill global warming when a user begins typing it . )
These are my questions for you and your staff : 1 . Was Google contacted by Al Gore or any one of his business associates regarding climategate searches on Google ?
If so , when did the approach take place ?
2 . What was the process that led to the decision to remove Climategate from the Google Suggest function ?
3 . Will Climategate be added to the list of Google Suggest items again ?
4 . Does Google feel that it acted according to its own highest ethical principles in this matter ?
Thank you in advance for your consideration .
Sincerely yours , Harold Ambler
I pushed send , got my daughter into her gymnastics gear , and rushed out the door .
When I returned a little less than two hours later , I put my sleeping daughter on the couch and rushed upstairs to check my e-mail .
Nada .
Then I did a Google search , typing c - l - i-m … and there it was – offered by the gloriously user - friendly Google Suggest function – “ climategate . ”
Coincidence ?
You never know .
Was Google briefly complicit in the largest scientific scandal in at least a generation , attempting to minimize it behind the scenes ?
Like I said , you never , ever , ever , ever know .
Ever .
P.S. Four hours after the function returned , Google Suggest on “ climategate ” was altered again .
Instead of the single word “ climategate , ” which yields 27 million links per search , Google now offers “ climate gate scandal , ” which yields 6 million .
Only by hand - typing the complete word “ climategate , ” to the last letter , can users view an additional 21 million links .
The evident message from on high ?
“ Tamp it down . ”
The apparent success of the strategy : close to non-existent .
P.P.S.
As of six days after this post ( today is Tuesday December 8 ) , Google Suggest no longer offers any choices for C - l - i - m - a - t - e - g - a - t-e , no matter how many letters one types .
The total number of links appears to be stable around 30 million .
The first reader who finds any Google search with 30 million or more links that Google Suggest does n’t assist with wins the prize .
It 's " not clear " whether enough Democrats will defect on a majority - vote procedure on health legislation to stop it , the Senate 's top Republican said Sunday .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellIn rare move , Schumer forces vote to consider health care bill amid Supreme Court tensions COVID - 19 talks hit crucial stretch Supreme Court nominee gives no clues in GOP meeting MORE ( R - Ky . ) said that opposition to using a maneuver to bypass filibuster rules would be bipartisan , but hedged as to whether it would be strong enough to block such a tactic .
ADVERTISEMENT
" There 'll be a lot of Democrats who will vote against it , " McConnell said during an appearance on " Fox News Sunday " about the controversial budget reconciliation process .
" Whether there will be 11 Democrats who will vote against it is not clear .
" At issue is the the process Senate Democratic leaders have indicated they will use to finish healthcare reform legislation .
That process , called budget reconciliation , would allow senators to pass final changes to the original health bill they 'd passed in December using only a simple majority of votes , instead of the 60 normally needed to end a filibuster .
"
The only thing bipartisan about it would be the opposition to this , because a number of Democrats have said do n't do this , this is not the way to go , " McConnell said .
Senate Majority Leader ( D - Nev. ) said this weekend that Democrats sought to use the process to finish health reform within the next 60 days , in which the Democratic leader will have to cobble together enough votes in his 59 - vote caucus to pass a bill .
Some Democratic senators , like vulnerable incumbent Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , have said they oppose the process , though it 's not clear that enough Democrats would buck the process to actually block it .
Senators return to Washington on Monday for a vote on a jobs bill and to continue healthcare work after a protracted absence due to a holiday recess , and snowstorms in Washington before that .
McConnell and Reid , along with other House and Senate leaders from both parties , will also head to the White House on Thursday for a bipartisan , televised summit on healthcare .
McConnell said he would attend the event " in all likelihood , " putting to rest doubts that he or other Republicans may not show up .
But the Republican leader castigated the White House and congressional Democrats for appearing to go ahead with crafting their own bill ahead of the summit , giving the appearance that any real , bipartisan input may be foreclosed at the meeting .
" If they 're going to lay out the plan they want to pass four days in advance , then what are we doing there on Thursday ? "
McConnell asked .
This will be fairly short , but I thought it was worth posting here and did n't see any previous posting on it .
I got an email today from one of my good lefty friends inviting me to join
The Coffee Party
Just the title gave me a good laugh , so I clicked on through and found the website and this nice little video with this very nice young lady talking about the fact that the Tea Party folks do n't represent America and that we need an alternative .
I 'm a little bit concerned that she and her ideals are a bit too nice , but an alternative to the screaming wackos sure can't hurt .
HBO ’s dailies for the fantasy pilot “ Game of Thrones ” look “ fantastic , ” and the project is ripe for a series pickup , according to the network ’s programming chief Michael Lombardo .
Executives are “ sitting on pins and needles ” waiting to view a rough cut in two weeks , Lombardo said .
If the pilot is greenlit , “ Game of Thrones ” should hit HBO in March or April of 2011 , and would span a novels worth of material per season .
Principal photography began in late October in Northern Ireland and wrapped up in Morocco in November .
HBO reportedly spent between $ 5 million and $ 10 million on the pilot .
Now they are apparently looking into booking two hangars at the Northern Ireland Paint Hall filming site for the next five years .
Tom McCarthy , who earned accolades for his work on 2003 ’s “ The Station Agent ” and 2007 ’s “ The Visitor , ” directed the pilot based on a script penned by the show ’s executive producers David Benioff ( “ Troy , ” “ The Kite Runner ” ) and D.B. Weiss .
“ Everything looks fantastic , ” Lombardo said in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter .
“ The director got great performances .
Unlike a lot of projects like this , everything was shot on location .
It has such a rich texture that it looks more expensive than it actually was . ”
Based on Martin ’s bestselling A Song of Ice and Fire novels , the series would follow the treacherous clash between royal families to secure ultimate power of the vast lands of Westeros .
Royalty and knights play a perilous game of intrigue , where those gifted with unflinching resolve and a keen eye for subterfuge often conquer more than the greatest armies .
“ The fantasy is so incidental , it has a very adult tone , ” Lombardo explained .
“ You forget it ’s fantasy while you ’re watching it , and that ’s what I love about it . ”
The pilot will include some CGI for backgrounds and the tale ’s “ direwolves ” — a mixture of real animals and CGI .
Also , the series is confirmed to feature each family , like in the books , with its own color pallet for clothing and armor .
“ Game of Thrones ” stars Sean Bean ( “ The Lord of the Rings ” ) , as Eddard “ Ned ” Stark ; Lena Headey ( “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , ” “ 300 ” ) , who will play queen Cersei Lannister ; Peter Dinklage as her cunning dwarf brother Tyrion ; Nikolaj Coster - Waldau ( “ New Amsterdam ” ) as her twin , Jaime ; Jennifer Ehle as Ned ’s wife Catelyn Stark ; and Mark Addy as King Robert Baratheon .
“ I would be surprised if it does n’t ” get greenlit , Lombardo said .
“ It has everything going for it . ”
When James Watson was 24 years old , he spent more time thinking about women than work , according to his memoir " Genes , Girls and Gamow . "
His hair was unkempt and his letters home were full of references to " wine - soaked lunches . "
But when Mr. Watson was n't chasing after girls , he was hard at work in his Cambridge lab , trying to puzzle out the structure of DNA .
In 1953 , when Mr. Watson was only 25 , he co-wrote one of the most important scientific papers of all time .
Scientific revolutions are often led by the youngest scientists ....
Central Park Media : More “ Quality ” than Pirsig
Sometimes you do n’t know just how good you ’ve got it until it ’s gone .
When one of the oldest anime publishers in America , Central Park Media , went out of business earlier this year , most fans did n’t really notice .
The company had been largely dormant for the last several years , not releasing new titles as their already marked - down catalog became increasingly scarce .
But as an anime fan whose formative years were in the 1990s , I look at my vast collection and realize that CPM titles make up more of my library than companies who released several times more properties .
I did n’t even realize that happened .
Tons of people — perhaps the majority — watch movies , TV , or anime just as something to have on in the background as they do other things ( sewing , cooking , playing videogames , etc. ) .
Yet readers of my articles and listeners of the Anime World Order podcast know that I ’m a type who deals in extremes .
I either want to watch things that are extremely “ good ” or extremely “ terrible ” such that I do n’t really want entertainment that ’s “ average ” or “ good enough . ”
When I watch something , that ’s all I ’m doing .
“ Good enough ” is n’t well , good enough .
Not when you have my practically undivided attention .
As it turns out , the Central Park Media library is perfectly suited to fans like me , or perhaps it helped shape me into the fan I am today .
For one look at CPM ’s repertoire reveals that they released anime that was either very highly regarded or very highly derided .
There ’s not quite as much in - between on this compared to say , the list of titles released by ADV Films over the years .
To ADV ’s credit , they ’re taking steps to remedy this by releasing some of the old CPM stuff .
I ’ll focus on the “ darker ” side of the CPM spectrum here , as I just got through writing about the typically - reviled MD Geist which ADV just re-released ( dude , no commentary track on their release ?!
THAT WAS THE BEST PART ! ) .
At anime conventions I tend to run “ bad anime ” panels , and much of the offerings come straight out of the CPM or Manga Video library of yesteryear .
But as I tell everyone , my definition of “ bad ” anime is n’t in sync with most others such that I personally consider the panel title — say , Anime That Sucks or what have you — to be a misnomer .
After all , what is a “ bad ” movie , TV show , anime , manga really ?
In an entertainment medium , I say that something is “ bad ” if it fails to entertain or be compelling .
Unconvincing acting , low - budget animation , inappropriate music , and preposterous storylines are typically cited as reasons anime is “ bad . ”
But if these things exist at high enough levels , they take on what many people commonly refer to as a “ train wreck ” quality , which is to say they ’re “ so bad you ca n’t look away because you ’re compelled by how bad it all is . ”
It ends up entertaining you “ in spite of itself , not because of itself , ” as is commonly claimed .
But you know something ?
This line of thinking does n’t lead anywhere good .
Once you start thinking “ this is n’t REALLY the reaction they were going for , I ’m enjoying it on a whole other level , ” it gives rise to this idea that you ’re somehow more hip or cool because of it .
That you ’re only enjoying it from an “ ironic ” standpoint .
I have little patience for people ( like Erin Finnegan ) who claim to enjoy things “ ironically . ”
Let me tell you something : you DON ’T “ ironically ” enjoy things .
Nobody does .
Anyone who claims to do this is really just ashamed to admit they ACTUALLY like something because , despite outward claims to the contrary [ for instance , pretending not to care what other people think because “ you ’re your own person ” ] , they do n’t want to be negatively judged by others for it .
Well , I say to Hell with it .
You ’re not going to hear it anywhere else but here , but the following titles from the CPM library are all AWESOME even though just about every single review you ’ll find online will do nothing but say how terrible they are :
When it comes to the question “ what the heck were they thinking when they made / released this ? ” perhaps there exists no finer example from the Central Park Media library to ask that question of than Odin : Photon Space Sailer Starlight .
I as well as others greater than I have spoken about it at length in the past , but it ’s an incredibly high - budget , interminably long story about a caricature - laden crew of merry idiots aboard a sailboat in space , set to a goofy hair metal soundtrack .
The only thing more ridiculous than the clothes and hair is the leaps of logic the characters make to deduce the true birthplace of man and the fact that everything is labeled via on - screen captions so you can know what it is you ’re looking at .
I have seen this movie multiple times from start to finish , for despite its obvious attempts to recapture the magic of Space Battleship Yamato it fails to do so in spectacular fashion .
Dog Soldier : Shadows of the Past is an anime adaptation of a manga by Tetsuya Saruwatari , who , as the artist of Violence Hero Riki - Oh as well as Tough , is one of the greatest creative minds to ever exist .
It ’s about John Rambo , er , I mean John Kyosuke Hiba and his quest to stop the evil death merchant Phantom , who is a merchant of death .
Phantom , a merchant of death that cares only about money — see , they keep reminding you of his death merchant status every chance they get — has control of the ultimate weapon : a vaccine for AIDS .
Most writers probably never even considered that the cure for AIDS could be a weapon , but that ’s not nearly as deranged as the manga storyline .
The same is true for every anime adaptation of a Tetsuya Saruwatari manga , actually .
You ca n’t buy this on DVD , so you ’ll have to settle for a scene - by - scene synopsis instead .
Dog Soldier was obviously trying to mimic the mid-1980s Rambo movies , but Crystal Triangle and its would - be Indiana Jones might be the most mind - blowing of them all .
Erin Finnegan thinks it makes perfect sense .
It ’s about the worst archeologist / surprise Beastmaster ever as he searches for the Message of God , outrunning the CIA , KGB , a rocket launcher - wielding rival archeologist ( who ’s descended from Rasputin ) , a secret tribe of monks with the power to scream away your BMW , and all .
Spoilers :
God is a floating green space grub baby aboard a UFO that just wants humanity to use its nuclear arsenal to stop the Nemesis star from causing another mass extinction .
Hideaki
Anno worked on this as an animator , and I ’m pretty sure it ’s what triggered the mental breakdown he needed to make Neon Genesis Evangelion .
This is also not on DVD , so as a public service you can enjoy a scene - by - scene synopsis .
I could go on and on — why , I did n’t even mention Judge or Garzey ’s Wing ! — but there is some seriously wild stuff from the Central Park Media library that ’s worth hunting down .
Thanks to the efforts of people like former CPM employee Justin Sevakis and translator Neil Nadelman , anime fans dedicated enough to read about anime on the Internet ( say , that ’s YOU ! ) have heard all about these things in recent years such that it ’s probably considered “ played out ” to write about this stuff .
But track them down and watch them anyway .
At worst , you ’ll have seen a bunch of stuff that ’s more awful than you could have possibly imagined such that the next time someone says “ man , Naruto is the worst anime ever ” you ’ll be able to say “ let me show you the REAL anime … ” and MEAN it .
Or you might end up like me , realizing that the line between the commonly - accepted “ bests ” and the commonly - accepted “ worsts ” is n’t as clearly drawn as I once thought .
One thing ’s nearly certain : they ’ll leave SOME sort of impression on you !
Related Stories :
– The Vault of Error : M.D. Geist
– Slayers : A Retrospective
– The Truth About M.D. Geist
– [ Anime Classics ] Baoh
– Yoshiaki Kawajiri : One Trick Pony
They are astronomical , they are dramatic and they are here to stay .
At least for now .
Starting New Year 's Day , the fines for major traffic infractions doubled , tripled and in some cases even quadrupled .
" Yes , they 've gone up considerably , " said Const .
Graham Williamson of Ontario Provincial Police .
" We are just happy to have laws which make people safe . "
The fine for red - light violations has increased to $ 325 from $ 180 , and to $ 480 from $ 180 in a community safety zone , such as those surrounding hospitals and schools .
Drivers without seat belts or child seat violations will now be fined $ 240 instead of the previous $ 110 , while motorists charged with careless driving will have to fork out $ 480 now as opposed to $ 315 .
But the most drastic fine increase is for failing to stop for an emergency vehicle – it's now $ 490 instead of $ 110 .
" The idea is to deter people from passing . . . make the roads safe , " said Sgt. Paul Rinkoff of Toronto Police .
The new fines are set by the provincial ministry of transportation .
There 's more : apart from the possibility of a two - year licence suspension and six months in jail , the maximum penalties for careless driving or failing to remain at the scene of an accident have gone up to $ 2,000 from $ 1,000 .
The top penalty for failing to pull over and stop for emergency vehicles quadruples to $ 2,000 , plus , three demerit points and a possible two - year licence suspension .
The beta period for redsn0w 0.9 is over .
The final 0.9 release is here :
redsn0w 0.9 release
Thanks to everyone who gave feedback during the beta releases !
If you * really * want to try the betas still , the links are : Mac OSX x86 and Windows
o here is the infinite problem :
What do you do when a huge corporation like Paperchase sucks the blood of a small independent artist with a super long , thick and huge straw ?
And talking more specifically , my lovely girl from the artwork most of you know “ He says he can hear the Forest whisper ” has been stolen , badly traced and stuck in front of a poor ( and separately traced ) mushroom that now decorates untold numbers of notebooks , albums and tote bags sold throughout the UK through Paperchase and Amazonco.uk !
You would naturally answer :
You contact Paperchase , inform them and ask for the item to be removed from their shops and Amazon and not be sold any more .
Pretty much you cut their straw , right ?
…. and you are right !
That 's exactly what I did but Paperchase is not the best buddy to be friends with !
They basically ignore me in my face and keep selling the eye sore of a design all around the world !
Moreover the lawyers ask me astronomical amounts of money to deal with this seriously in the courts and I suspect that is exactly the reason why Paperchase ignores me in the first place .
Since I have written to them , Paperchase made sure to put up even more items for sale with my plagiarised art !
I 'm sure Paperchase think that there is nothing that can make them stop .
Proof is that the albums in the link above are actually freshly listed after the notebooks that I had written them about have apparently sold out !
So please , if you are any bit angry or frustrated with huge n ancient vampires sucking the creative juice of indie artists , a simple e-mail sent to them here might save me from having to raise $ 40000 for court expenses !
So thank you Paperchase for making a killing out of my hard work !
And an especially strong , bone - crackling bear hug to the anonymous designer that badly traced my art and then denied it !
If there ever was any doubt that this design is copied from my artwork , my lovable partner made sure to dispel the mist through way of joyous animation !
Lots of love , lovely people and a sincere thank you to all the fans and fellow artists that recognised the copy and told me about it !
Bear hugs ,
xxx Hidden Eloise xxx
ERBIL , Iraq 
The semiautonomous region of Kurdistan is the one place in battered Iraq that promised economic boom times , but some of the foreign oil companies that rushed in over the past few years are becoming increasingly restless .
Their multibillion - dollar deals are still mired in a bitter political dispute between the Kurdish region and the central government in Baghdad .
They may have a stake in what is shaping up to be one of the greatest oil bonanzas of modern times , but the prospect of earning a profit , let alone recovering their costs , remains highly uncertain .
More potential headaches loom as public demands for scrutiny of local oil contracts for suspected improprieties have gathered momentum .
The calls have come in the wake of revelations in November that a former American diplomat had a business relationship with a Norwegian company drilling for oil here , while also acting as a political adviser to the Kurds during the drafting of Iraq ’s Constitution in 2005 .
One of the most egregious episodes of failed support occurred last September in Kunar Province , when a detachment of Marines and Afghan troops tried to search the village of Ganjgal for a weapons cache .
When they were fired on by insurgents in the nearby hills , they radioed for artillery support , a request that was rejected on the ground that civilians might be injured .
They then pleaded for helicopters , which did n’t arrive for more than an hour after the shooting started .
“ We are pinned down , ” a Marine major explained to his Afghan counterpart as they waited helplessly , according to a report from McClatchy Newspapers .
“ We are running low on ammo .
We have no air .
We ’ve lost today . ”
In the end , four Marines , eight Afghan troops and an Afghan interpreter were dead , and 22 others wounded .
Some would argue that more combat troops will always mean more combat troop deaths .
That holds true , however , only if you believe that our soldiers should fight fair .
Logic dictates that no well - ordered army would give up its advantages and expect to win , and the United States military , which does not have the manpower in Afghanistan to fight the insurgents one - on - one , is no exception .
Perhaps the directive against civilian casualties could be justified if one could show that Afghan lives were truly being saved , but that ’s not the case .
According to the latest report by the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan , the number of civilian deaths caused by Western and Afghan government forces decreased to 596 in 2009 , from 828 the year before .
But the overall number of civilian deaths in the country increased by 14 percent , to 2,412 , and the number killed by Taliban troops and other insurgents rose by 41 percent .
For Afghan civilians who are dying in greater numbers , the fact that fewer deaths are caused by pro-government forces is cold comfort .
There is also little to indicate that the “ hearts and minds ” campaign has resulted in the population ’s cooperation , especially in the all - important area of human intelligence .
Afghans can be expected to cooperate with American forces only if they feel safe to do so — when we take permanent control of an area .
Obviously , this involves defeating the enemy .
With NATO intelligence services recently noting that the Taliban still have a “ shadow government ” in 33 of Afghanistan ’s 34 provinces , it ’s hard to say we ’re close to accomplishing that feat .
Just last month , the Taliban set off a series of bombs in the heart of Kabul ; the insurgents , it appears , no longer need to winter in Pakistan .
Of course , all this is not to say that we should be oblivious to civilian deaths , or wage “ total ” war in Afghanistan .
Clearly , however , the pendulum has swung too far in favor of avoiding the death of innocents at all cost .
General McChrystal ’s directive was well intentioned , but the lofty ideal at its heart is a lie , and an immoral one at that , because it pretends that war can be fair or humane .
Wars are always ugly , and always monstrous , and best avoided .
Once begun , however , the goal of even a “ long war ” should be victory in as short a time as possible , using every advantage you have .
London , England ( CNN ) --
We could one day be spending our holidays in a gigantic vertical airship that floats thousands of meters above ground if a design concept becomes reality .
The Aircruise is a radical new design that promises to accommodate guests in a 265 - meter tall hotel that could float above city skylines or over dramatic landscapes according to its designers at Seymourpowell .
" The Aircruise concept questions whether the future of luxury travel should be based around space - constrained , resource hungry , and all too often stressful airline travel , " Nick Talbot , head of transportation at Seymourpowell said .
" A more serene transport experience will appeal to people looking for a more reflective journey , where the experience of travel itself is more important than getting from A to B quickly . "
While the Aircruise is only a conceptual proposal , designers have developed a detailed and achievable technical plan for the craft that could allow it to be built in the future .
A maximum of 100 guests and crew would be allowed onboard and there would only be 10 luxury apartments available for rent .
There would also be large internal spaces for dining as well as a bar and lounge area for passengers .
" I can't think of another way you can experience pure luxury travel , " Talbot said .
" Imagine sitting in your stateroom and seeing the Serengeti below you or floating above the tallest skyscraper in the world . "
Hydrogen gas would be used as the primary lifting gas and it would be capable of lifting around 1.2 kg per cubic meter of volume .
Large hydrogen fuel cells would also provide on board power and some drinking water .
The cruising speed of the Aircruise would range from 100 to 150 kilometers an hour and a journey from London to New York would take 37 hours .
" We think the new form of luxury will be those that have the time to enjoy an experience , " Talbot said .
" We think of this as taking a cruise , except you 'd be floating high above the earth . "
The Aircruise 's designers say that it would take a huge amount of money to actually build such a thing and at its current stage , it 's only a feasibility study .
1963 : At 6:15 on a cold , wet night , the BBC premieres its new family science fiction show , Doctor Who , with its first episode , “ An Unearthly Child . ”
The series will become a legendary part of modern British folklore and the longest - running sci- fi series on TV .
Featuring a benevolent traveling alien known only as The Doctor , the series followed the adventures of the heroic Time Lord and his human companions through time and space .
Originally developed by Canadian Sydney Newman , BBC ’s head of drama , the day - to - day creation of the show ’s first season fell to script department head Donald Wilson , BBC staff writers C. E. Webber and Anthony Coburn , story editor David Whitaker , and producer Verity Lambert .
Fans of the show traditionally recognize Lambert as the show ’s strongest creative force at the start .
The stories took place in serial form – with each episode lasting about 25 minutes , ending with a cliffhanger that would bring the audience back for the next segment .
Ron Grainer ( the composer for many TV themes , including The Prisoner ) wrote the series ’ unforgettable theme music with its driving bass beat .
But experimental composer Delia Derbyshire of the BBC ’s Radiophonic Workshop is credited with choosing the eerie electronic sounds that created the final piece .
The original brief for the character did n’t specify his origin ( later identified as Gallifrey ) , his race or his actual age .
Portrayed by veteran character actor William Hartnell , the first Doctor was a dark , often - hostile man of mystery .
Viewers first encountered The Doctor ’s ship , the Tardis ( Time and Relative Dimensions in Space ) in a junkyard as the Doctor headed out in London .
The interior of the time - space traveling craft is dimensionally transcendental and exists in its own universe – allowing the ship to be bigger on the inside than its outer shell .
A properly operating Tardis includes a chameleon circuit that changes its exterior appearance to blend in with the surroundings .
But The Doctor ’s ship malfunctions and remains stuck as a 1960s Metropolitan Police public call box .
Because the show was originally intended for children , the creators cast an appealing , sympathetic actress , Carol Ann Ford , as The Doctor ’s teenage granddaughter , Susan .
When Ian Chesterton ( William Russell ) and Barbara Wright ( Jacqueline Hill ) , two of Susan ’s teachers , become concerned over the girl ’s bizarre behavior , they stumble across The Doctor and Tardis .
Once exposed , The Doctor insists on taking the two earthlings with him into time and space .
But , a very real tragedy almost swept the show aside before any audience found it .
The assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy on Nov. 22 dominated the news and public consciousness that weekend , obviously pushing the premiere of a new TV series off the British TV radar .
BBC program planners decided to re-air the original premiere a week later , along with the series ’ second episode .
Doctor
Who ’s first storyline featured time travel back to caveman times and attracted a lukewarm public and critical reaction .
But , the show ’s second complete story – a sci- fi piece kicking off with “ The Dead Planet " – featured a voyage to the home planet of the Daleks .
The metallic monsters became an overnight sensation and established Doctor Who as a British institution .
The series remained in production from 1963 to 1989 .
Producers invented the convention that The Doctor ’s alien physique could regenerate into new forms 12 times – allowing new actors to seamlessly take over the part through the decades .
After Hartnell came Patrick Troughton , Jon Pertwee , Tom Baker , Perter Davison , Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy , Paul McGann , Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant .
And in 2010 ... Matt Smith .
Doctor
Who returned to regular BBC production under producer Russell T. Davies in March 2005 and remains one of the network ’s top-rated series .
Photos : 1 ) Left to right : William Russell , Carol Ann Ford , William Hartnell and Jacqueline Hill made up the original Tardis crew on Doctor Who* .
2 ) The Daleks surround the* Tardis in the '60s Doctor Who* .
Images courtesy BBC *
Sources : BBC ; Doctor Who : The Official Site ; Doctor Who : The Classic Series Site
Family law issues are complex and personal .
Nothing comes closer to a person 's core than his or her family .
Whether you are going through a divorce or separation , or facing any other complex family law issue , you need a family law attorney who understands this and will take the time to find solutions that work for you .
At the Baker Law Firm in Southern Pines , North Carolina , we are committed to taking the time to understand you and your legal issues , so that we can fairly and zealously represent your interests .
These issues are important .
You should be able to trust that your lawyer knows you as a person , not as a file number .
That is how we work .
Contact us online or call 910 - 485-5200 to schedule your consultation with an attorney who cares .
[ Disconbobulated vaguely soothing and threatening voice : ]
Perhaps no battle in our lifetime is more vital than the one John McCain fights now : a battle to save America , save our jobs .
John McCain leads the charge to slash government spending , bloated bureaucracies , and ridiculously unaffordable ideas like government - run health care .
[ Decrepit and devious old senator on his last legs : ]
" President Obama is leading an extreme left - wing crusade to bankrupt America .
I stand in his way everyday .
If I get a bruise or two knocking some sense into heads in Washington , so be it .
I 'll keep fighting for jobs and economic growth for Arizona as long as I 'm in the Senate . "
[ Back to the discombobulated vaguely soothing and threatening voice : ]
John McCain is Arizona 's last line of defense .
Character matters
Ex -Rep. J.D. Hayworth ( R ) is seriously exploring a bid against Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) , according to sources with knowledge of his plans .
Hayworth has been in touch with consultants to gauge their interest in working for his potential candidacy , and he has made several high - profile appearances of late .
That indicates the buzz about a bid is more than just a ploy to pay off old legal debts , as many AZ politicos had suspected .
" Hayworth 's biggest obstacle is his personal finances , but being in the U.S. Senate is a lifelong pursuit for him , " said one GOPer familiar with AZ politics .
" I 'd be surprised if he did n't run . " ... McCain aides are planning as if Hayworth will run .
As an indication they are aware of the threat , McCain 's campaign has just purchased advertising time on the radio station where Hayworth hosts his show , KFYI , and they plan a major ad buy while Hayworth is on air , said a source with knowledge of the plans .
McCain has 2 radio ads running on stations around the state , according to a top aide .
While McCain is strutting around Kandahar -- never a very lovely city in the best of times ( like when I was there in 1969 ) -- calling that tragic and disastrous situation " great , " his campaign released an hysterical radio tirade viciously attacking President Obama .
Well , quite a few people who have watched John McCain 's sleazy and disgraceful political career would wholeheartedly agree with one statement : character certainly does matter and he 's shown time and again what happens when slimy and corrupt hacks like McCain get into power .
It 's partially why most of America -- basically outside the old slaveholding states -- rejected him so overwhelmingly .
But it is n't the enlightened and the reform - minded for whom McCain is putting on his little anti-Obama charade .
He 's crapping his bloomers over the possibility of being defeated in Arizona 's Republican Party primary this year .
Arizona 's teabagger movement , which utterly controls the state GOP is excited about extremists like Hayworth , now a hate - talk radio host , and neo - fascist Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- the two may run together for senator and governor against the GOP Establishment .
McCain would easily win a general election battle but a Republican primary ?
Maybe not so easily .
Labels : Arizona , Hayworth , McCain , Senate 2010 , teabaggers
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc on Friday awarded Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein and other executives stock bonuses worth $ 9 million each , an increase from last year when they received no bonuses at all , but for Blankfein far below the $ 67.9 million he got in 2007 .
Lloyd Blankfein , Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs , participates in a panel discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York September 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
The stock bonus was also below the roughly $ 16 million rival bank JPMorgan Chase &
Co awarded to CEO Jamie Dimon earlier on Friday and fell vastly short of published speculation that Blankfein could get up to $ 100 million .
Goldman , Wall Street ’s dominant company , has been lambasted for its quick return to outsized profits and bonuses so soon after U.S. taxpayers had to rescue the financial services industry .
“ The firm produced very good results for 2009 , but the environment is very difficult and the board was mindful of that difficult environment in making decisions about executive compensation , ” Goldman spokesman Lucas van Praag said .
Blankfein , along with President and Chief Operating Officer Gary Cohn and Chief Financial Officer David Viniar , received 58,381 stock units , worth $ 8.99 million based on Friday ’s closing share price .
The units do not convert into shares until 2011 at the earliest , and once converted they cannot be sold or transferred before January 2015 , according to the filing .
‘ WAY BELOW THE MARKET ’
It was not immediately clear whether the reserved stock could be used as collateral for loans .
The smaller than expected pay packages were the latest sign of how Goldman has sought to soften its image after being excoriated by some commentators and politicians for reaping huge profits after benefiting from various forms of government help .
“ Obviously they made a conscious decision that they were , at least for this year , going to be way below the market , ” said Wall Street compensation analyst Alan Johnson .
Johnson said it is likely Blankfein will be “ way down the list ” in terms of top earners at Goldman .
“ He is going to have a lot of people two levels below him who are making more than he does , ” Johnson said .
Goldman was on pace to post a record payday for employees for 2009 going into the fourth quarter , but shifted course , recording no compensation expenses for the final three months of the year and instead making a $ 500 million charitable contribution .
“ They got paid pretty well the past couple of years , so maybe they can just pay themselves less well this year , then maybe it blows over in a year or two and they can start paying themselves pretty handsomely again , ” said Blake Howells , director of equity research at Becker Capital in Portland , Oregon .
He called the pay amount “ small and pretty restrictive . ”
Dimon ’s bonus was in a mixture of restricted shares and options , and he did not take a cash bonus .
Goldman Sachs shares closed up 2.3 percent on Friday at $ 154.16 .
I 'm mildly impressed by the obscurity of the Rimbaud quote ; it comes from a school exercise he wrote in the style of Villon , and could be translated as " ( They ) will be hanged for a free lunch . "
" Repeue " is an Old French word .
A random quick thought ( I 'm not sure anyone else has mentioned this yet ) .
I am wondering if pi means that we have to draw a circle(s ) on the page to find part of the message ( circumference = 2 [ pi ] r or =[ pi ]d in which case 3 might equal d or r ) .
If this is the case then the 3 might be the center of the circle .
I 'm sure if this is correct then it will work on the golden ration and pi puzzles on other pages .
Also the captain obvious in me says that within the box , the first two lines , and that is surrounded by the approximation of pi ( 3.142 ) is a substitution cipher .
Don
http://www.fpcr.org/blue_banner_articles/jgeddes.htm
Mistah Kurtz is either a reference to " Heart of Darkness " by Joseph Conrad or to its citation in the poem " The Hollow Men " by T.S. Eliot .
Since the poem is full of imagery , I would guess the latter .
Mister Kurtz is the subject of the protagonist 's search through the Congo in Heart of Darkness .
His " moral senses " are discovered to have been completely subsumed by " native savagery " , including bloodshed .
The poem , notably , ends with :
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
Not with a bang but a whimper .
http://poetry.poetryx.com/poems/784/
" Finland Station " , according to Wikipedia , was used by Finns escaping the Russian revolution in 1918 .
A bomb exploded there inside a statue of Lenin on 4/1/09 .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7976883.stm
D.R . The clues on this message lead me very precisely to a small Iranian village .
No other unaltered permutation leads me to a populated area .
I have refrained from actually naming the village or my methods of finding it , given the possible goal described below , which I would not want to disrupt .
I wonder if the Orphanage is involved with Bible smuggling .
If that is their goal , and this is happening on a large scale , communicating in code would absolutely be necessary , since some countries arrest and / or execute Bible smugglers .
It does n't seem likely otherwise that our Christian friends would be actually meeting in Iran , though the village certainly could be used as a code name .
If you round my numbers a bit , you end up VERY close to 31N , 51E , also in Iran , which could then be either coordinates or driving directions .
Other options remain possible .
I also guess that " pigs " , their common epithet for their enemy , is a reference to Jesus ' admonition to not " cast your pearls before swine " .
Jesus reasons that the swine will trample the pearls , then turn around and gore the thrower .
As for publishing on May Day every year , it seems likely that that date is used as an offset for calculating other dates .
There 's no other good reason to use the same date .
For instance , if the value " 142 " appears in a publication , the date would be 142 days from the previous ( or current ) May Day .
The number in this publication is either 367 , 368 , or 489 , depending on whether you take the value literally or increment it by 1 as they suggested ( and highlighted and starred ) in one of your letters .
These would depict May 3 , May 4 , or September 2 , 2010 .
( Or , again , possibly offset by one day , depending on whether they start counting May 1st at 0 or 1 . )
I also think it 's probable that some of them are using your website to communicate , rather than subscribing individually to the university paper .
If they 're smart ( and they are ) , they would only view it via anonymous proxies or open ( or hacked ) wireless networks .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finland_Station
Most notable for being the arrival point of Vladimir Lenin in 1917 before the start of the October revolution .
A while back , I was looking at the page from December 5th 2001 , which is the one that turned out to be a magic square .
Recall that it contained the phrase " destruam et aedificabo , " meaning destroy and build .
So I used the solution which Mogul provided and rearranged the announcement so that everything was in numerical order .
The very first thing that appears is the word Ersby , which is located in Finland .
Could this be Finland Station ?
As an addendum to what I just posted : I omitted all of the the cells which contained numbers when I did this .
Engels & Diehr : http://works.bepress.com/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1036&context=paula_diehr
Danio rerio : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zebrafish
AAQ88 is , of course , the dead man 's hand .
Deep Ellum has been in before .
Unless it has changed , potables reign supreme .
wachet auf , ruft uns die stimme = wake up , call us are correct
Bachet auf , ruft uns Die Stime is all reference the Second Coming of Christ .
See the link below , this refers to the Parable of the 10 virgins .
Interpretations of the above include , " The Bridegroom soon will call us " " Slumbers , Wake , The Bridegroom Cometh " " Awake , Arise , It Is The Warning " http://www.hymnsandcarolsofchristmas.com/Hymns_and_Carols/NonEnglish/wachet_auf_ruft_uns_die_stimme.htm
In what little time I have had to research things in the various clues , all seem to be pointing the end times which have been prophesied in the Bible and by various seers .
The publication May 2009 showed a mushroom cloud in the middle surrounded by other pictures .
The pictures had Christ coming down on a cloud , another the angel sounding their trumpet of warning and the incredible thing were the symbols from the US dollar imprinted upon these pictures .
As we know , we have suffered financial catastrophies lately , and perhaps economic collapse in the near future WebBot predictions are true for what we are to experience at the later part of 2010 .
It appears the US money symbols were a warning that the end times will start with economic problems .
If you look at the last few publications many references are to people who rebelled against the religious status quo such as Jenny Gedes .
It appears the last two publications are warnings that what has been prophesied is in the making at this time .
This publications appears to refer to the swine flu when vacination by referring to Elixir , porcine and clinical specimens .
I do not know what Deep Ellum Cell has to do with the vacination but Deep Ellum is a place in Dallas Texas .
Maybe the two major hospitals there had something to do with the trials / development .
Engels and Diehr appears to refer to missing data regarding health status and missing data is primarily related to worse health .
Perhaps this is reference to the fact there is n't data on the swine flu vaccination , thus the missing data would lead people to be more ill than if they did n't have the vaccination .
Here is the link to the publication referenced in this publication .
http://works.bepress.com/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1036&context=paula_diehr
Then you have the AAQ88 which is Dead Man's Hand and the reference to the second coming of Christ .
Those digit grids sure look like the total - distance - driving - from - city - A - tocity - B that you find in the back of any average road map , but I 'm having a hard time nailing down which one / which cities they represent .
Comments :
Ace can be 1 or 11 , right ?
Also , I think I know the name of the org that is placing these ads .
They are a serious group , not to be trifled with , and wish to change the course of history and will almost certainly do it .
Take great care in your research , everyone .
I stopped conducting my own because I never recognized the scope and nature of the group until I 'd gone a little too far .
Comments :
The portion of text referring to the journal of clinical epidemiology is about " Imputation of missing longitudinal data . "
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6T84-49S73FJ-8&_user=10&_coverDate=10%2F31%2F2003&_rdoc=8&_fmt=high&_orig=browse&_origin=browse&_zone=rslt_list_item&_srch=doc-info%28%23toc%235076%232003%23999439989%23464393%23FLA%23display%23Volume%29&_cdi=5076&_sort=d&_docanchor=&_ct=16&_acct=C000050221&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=3676ac999286a6c115b2ada9acd6c6a9&searchtype=a
Danio Rerio is a freshwater fish , the zebra fish .
Over his 30 - year career , John A .
Thain has risen to top executive positions at Goldman Sachs , the New York Stock Exchange and Merrill Lynch .
On Monday , he will start over at a humbler institution : the CIT Group , the lender to small and midsize businesses that emerged two months ago from a swift bankruptcy .
In doing so , Mr. Thain , 54 , is seeking to leave behind the controversies that haunted his final days at Merrill after it was acquired by Bank of America , a deal he helped engineer to save the brokerage during the height of the financial crisis .
As CIT ’s new chairman and chief executive , he will try to rebuild a company whose bet on increasingly risky businesses led it to the brink of dissolution , only to be saved at the last minute by its creditors .
A little tip for drunk drivers getting pulled over by the fuzz :
Do n't try to step out of your vehicle until it stops .
arrested a Ridgefield man on DUII charges Thursday night after he fell out of his pickup as it continued along an Interstate 5 freeway ramp .
Police say Kenny Johns , 48 , was taking
about 8:30 p.m. when the driver 's side door opened and he attempted to get out .
He tumbled to the pavement and the truck crashed into a retaining wall , police said .
An ambulance took Johns to the hospital to be treated or injuries from the fall .
Johns suffered severe lacerations to his head and arms , said Trooper Steve Schatzel .
--
, Twitter :
On November 2nd , 2008 , the Phoenix Mars Lander made it ’s last transmission – the results of an arctic survey .
It then powered down for the harsh Martian winter , with nobody at NASA expecting it to survive .
The Phoenix ’s power down site has experienced fall , winter , and part of a spring – temperature fluctuations the rover was never designed to withstand .
All expect that it is dead .
Just in case , the Mars Oddysey Orbiter will make 30 sweeps of the area from January 18th - 20th .
Longer search campaigns will be undertaken in February & March .
Dr. Tom Pike , who worked on the Phoenix Lander , had this to say :
“ If it does come back up , I will be very surprised – very pleasantly surprised .
I think we will beg , steal or borrow the money to get back out to Arizona , into mission control and back into our old seats to get the show on the road again . ”
Source & Photo Source : BBC
Published online 4 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.50
News
Chemist launches collaborative project to make more potent form of much - needed drug .
Matthew
Todd is leading a drive to to make a schistosomiasis drug more efficiently using open - source chemistry .
School of Chemistry , University of Sydney
A chemist — and social entrepreneur — in Australia is launching an open - source research project to develop a more potent form of a front - line drug against the debilitating neglected tropical disease schistosomiasis .
Matthew Todd of the University of Sydney hopes to persuade research chemists across the world to share laboratory time and expertise in a collaborative effort to find a cheap and efficient synthesis of the drug praziquantel .
All results will be published in almost real time on the project 's website — free of intellectual property restrictions — and later in journals , with substantial contributors becoming authors on any resulting papers .
Todd , who is currently on a six - month sabbatical at Stanford University in California , had been playing with the idea since 2006 .
He hired a post - doc last month after receiving three - year funding of Aus$ 400,000 for the project — mostly from the Australian government with Aus$ 75,000 coming from the World Health Organization — to start putting it into practice .
" My funded project is intended to be the kernel , to which anyone can add , " Todd says .
He hopes that the project will become a successful example of open - source science , and open - source ' wet lab ' chemistry in particular , a concept that has been slow to take off .
A big ask
Schistosomiasis , which is caused by flatworms transmitted by freshwater snails , affects some 200 million people in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
Some neglected diseases have recently benefited from drug companies ' donations of billions of tablets , or from donors negotiating bulk distribution deals at cheap rates1 .
But schistosomiasis has n't enjoyed such generosity .
Supply of the treatment praziquantel is , according to World Health Organization estimates , around 10 % of demand .
" Availability of praziquantel is the big stumbling block for us , " says Alan Fenwick , a parasitologist at Imperial College London who heads the global Schistosomiasis Control Initiative .
Last year , public - health programmes could only obtain 50 million of the 171 million tablets hoped for .
“ My funded project is intended to be the kernel , to which anyone can add . ” Matthew Todd
University of Sydney
Todd accepts that praziquantel supply is the main bottleneck in treating schistosomiasis .
But he also hopes to improve the synthesis of the drug .
Praziquantel is manufactured as a mixture of two mirror - image molecular structures , or enantiomers , only one of which is active against the disease .
If there was a cheap way to synthesize only the active enantiomer , this would make it more potent gram for gram .
Fenwick feels the project is unlikely to be a major panacea , but sees it as " a very interesting academic exercise " .
An improved synthesis , however , could lead to more efficient ways of producing the chemical , as well as a purer end product .
Todd developed a synthetic route to several compounds while a postdoc in the United States2 that he realized might also provide a way to make praziquantel .
The chemistry suggests several possible routes to enantioselective synthesis , with the difficulty being finding one that is efficient and amenable to manufacture the drug cheaply on the tonne scale .
Collaborate to innovate
The extent of the challenge hit Todd on his honeymoon , he recalls : " I realized there was no way we were going to solve the synthesis problem on our own . "
Only by organizing the research as a low - overhead open - science project , he thought , could it garner the critical mass of collective wisdom , manpower and lab space needed .
ADVERTISEMENT
" It will be interesting to see if enough of Todd 's colleagues will embrace this approach to enable the open - source approach to take root and grow , " says Wayne Best , managing director of Epichem , a company based at Murdoch University in Perth that supplies medicinal chemistry products to the drug industry .
Best himself has chipped in with suggestions for alternative synthesis routes at the project 's online home within ' the Synaptic Leap ' , an open - science website for sharing data on neglected diseases .
Transposing the open - source software model to chemistry and drug discovery generally poses challenges , says Best , in particular because in addition to sharing data , laboratory and production infrastructure is also needed .
But he is upbeat about the praziquantel project .
" It is focused on solving a very specific chemistry problem which does not require the complex multidisciplinary collaboration and infrastructure of a full - blown drug - discovery project , and it has a good chance of success , " he says .
BPSDB
Appalled that anything so transparently stupid as the Daily Express article “ Climate change is natural : 100 reasons why ” would appear anywhere other than as a failed junior high school paper .
Michael Le Page at New Scientist has kindly dealt with the first 50 in “ 50 reasons why global warming is n’t natural “ , undoubtedly having gotten ill reading so many .
Liberal Conspiracy picks up some of the slack by debunking #s 88-100 in Con Home ’s Climate Crock Rundown ( 88-100 ) .
They also provide some background on the European Foundation “ think tank ” ( think ‘ Heartland Institute ’ with tea ) that put this drivel together in Revealed : Top Tories linked to climate change denialism report .
Seriously , this such an unbelievable collection of basic logical errors and pure idiocy it defies belief , for eg :
50 ) Wind power is unlikely to be the answer to our energy needs .
97 ) India plans to reduce the ratio of emissions to production by 20 - 25 percent compared with 2005 levels by 2020 , but all Government officials insist that since India has to grow for its development and poverty alleviation , it has to emit , because the economy is driven by carbon .
Apparently someone , presumably older than 12 , actually thought that these were evidence that climate change is natural .
That alone would be shocking , but that apparently many others agree ?
The whole list is like that , from your standard Climate Denier dumb to colossally stupid as per above .
It clearly shows that the problem goes well beyond simple scientific illiteracy .
That New Scientist is clearly on the right track can be seen in that Joanne Nova singles them out for the usual Denier critique by distortion , innuendo , flawed logic , and lying , including and appeal to stupidity popularity fallacy :
The comments below the article are 90 % skeptics , 2 % believers , and the rest are presumably so angry their ’s were deleted .
Obvious alert – what matters is the facts , not that the Deniers have mastered Twitter .
I ’m going to quibble with Tim Lambert on this one , because the debate is not over !
Plimer is exposed as still a fraud , an important distinction .
Tim does a sampling of some of Plimer ’s more recent idiocies , from the recent actual debate with Monbiot to Plimer on Copenhagen .
What I particularly like about Lambert ’s piece is his calling Plimer out for academic misconduct .
That is exactly right , and what we need to be doing more of , naming names for blatant acts of academic misconduct , malpractice , incompetence and fraud .
That is what we are dealing with in many cases of Denierism as practiced by those with some academic credential .
Not all , but certainly most of them .
( hat tip to The Ville )
It seems that Mr Gore carelessly used a “ ballpark figure ” from an old conversation with Dr. Maslowski to say that the Arctic could be completely ice - free in five years .
Dr. Maslowski in turn denied that the research supports that kind of certainty .
An insignificant slip up of no particular consequence , quickly acknowledged , corrected and forgotten .
Not .
Or at least according to the Denier media and the Denialosphere .
Predictably the Deniers use Gore ’s gaff as an excuse to pretend that the actual science is flawed .
Try again : A final warning from the Arctic
Arctric sea ice 101
And as Blaise Zerega notes “ Lost in the uproar is the fact that Dr. Wieslav Maslowski , on whose work Gore based his prediction , does n’t seem to be refutingif of the Arctic ice ’s disappearance the . ”
Impressively , having made no case whatsoever to question the legitimacy of the climate science with respect to the Arctic , some go on to suggest that this casts doubt on all of climate change science .
Apparently some of the people responsible for the alleged thinking behind these claims are actually able to feed themselves unaided and live independently .
The British National Party has released “ Debunking Global Warming : A Briefing Paper . ”
Apparently climate science Denierism and BNP politics appeal to the same demographic .
The briefing paper is an amateurish jumble of Denier fables , poorly written , badly formatted , the citations are all to popular media and Denier blogs , etc .
Really it ’s a more of a bad high school project than a briefing paper from a political party .
Here is the table of contents with links to debunkings where it was fast and easy to do so .
It ’s nonsense all the way through , but it is n’t worth any more effort than that .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
See what I mean ?
Unbelievable .
No , not at all .
This is all according to plan ; Unintelligent by Design as it were .
This blog has already discussed the overlap between tobacco lobbying and the climate change Deniers , and how they are using the same playbook that they helped write .
OK , you ’ll probably need your google translator on for the next one , but it ’s a nice treatment of the tobacco / climate change lobbying link :
Ilmastohuijaus on täyttä totta !
( Climate Scam is a reality ! )
From the American Petroleum Institute dis-information campaign : Victory Will Be
When achieved Average citizens “ understand ” ( recognize ) uncertainties in climate science ; recognition of uncertainties becomes part of the “ conventional wisdom ”
Media “ understands ” ( recognizes ) uncertainties in climate science Media “ understands ” ( recognizes ) uncertainties in climate science
Media coverage reflects balance on climate science and recognition of the validity of viewpoints that challenge the current “ conventional wisdom ”
Industry senior leadership understands uncertainties in climate science , making them stronger ambassadors to those who shape climate policy
From the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
Key findings : • 22 former officials with CEQ , OSTP , and EPA have gone onto lobbying or government relations
• 14 of these former officials have been registered lobbyists
• 7 of these former officials work for companies or trade associations involved in the energy production industry
• 3 of these former officials founded their own lobbying or government relations firms ( tip of the hat to Mother Jones )
But it ’s not just us who have noticed the nicotine stained fingerprints all over the climate change Denial campaigns , anti-tobacco groups have noticed it too :
So no , the stupidity is not natural , it ’s bought and paid for , and it burns .
See also : The Legacy of Corporate Polluters and Denial
Ahhhhhh …. cool relief !
“ Over the 20th century , ocean temperatures in the North Atlantic main development region warmed during peak hurricane season , with the most pronounced warming occurring over the last four decades . ”
Earth Gauge
We give our consent every moment that we do not resist .
IMAGE CREDITS :
Mt. San Miguel continues to burn by slworking2
Mt. San Miguel on fire by slworking2
Mt. San Miguel continues to burn by slworking2
Comment Policy
Comments that are not relevant to the post that they appear under or the evolving discussion will simply be deleted , as will links to Denier spam known to be scientific gibberish
The “ Mostly ” Open Thread ” is for general climate discussion that is not relevant to a particular post .
Spam and abuse rules still apply ;
The “ Challenging the Core Science ” Comment Thread is for comments that purport to challenge the core science of anthropogenic climate change .
AKRON , Ohio -- A South Euclid man who became the first person in Summit County to be found guilty of tampering with evidence for refusing to take a Breathalyzer test was sentenced to three years in prison in Summit County Court .
Summit County Common Pleas Court Judge Judith Hunter sentenced Vitaly Simin , 36 , on the tampering as well as his sixth conviction on drunken driving .
His driver 's license was also suspended for 10 years .
Summit County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan
Walsh , author of the law that says drivers cannot refuse to submit to a Breathalyzer test , said the guilty verdict is a victory .
" The law is now clear that drunk drivers cannot refuse to take a breath test , " she said in a news release .
" It is mandatory , and the jury agreed that Mr. Simin broke that law and deserved prison time .
Bottom line :
It does n't pay to refuse to cooperate .
It will increase your sentence . "
On March 21 , 2009 , Twinsburg police saw Simin 's car swerving and riding the curb line of Interstate 480 .
When police pulled the car over and spoke with the driver , the officer smelled alcohol on his breath .
Simin failed the field sobriety test , but refused the Breathalyzer test and also refused to give a blood sample at the hospital .
Germany 's Latest Nazi Drama New ' Jud Süss ' Flops as Faustian Tragedy
" Jud Süss -- Rise and Fall " tells the story of one man 's Faustian pact with the Hitler regime .
The film shows Ferdinand Marian as a tragic figure who gained and then lost everything after starring in Goebbels ' pet project .
But his biographer has berated the filmmakers for deviating from history and many critics have been scathing .
Von Siobhán Dowling
This country was founded by a group of businessmen , ( Yes , they were all men at that time , we ’ve come a long way baby . ) , publishers / writers , landowners , what would be described today as anarchists , and even a few preachers .
These Conservatives have decided that they know exactly what was in mind when every Founding Father signed the Declaration of Independence , The Articles of Confederation and The United States Constitution .
Apparently their History studies began and ended with the Bible of their choice because there is very little in common with those outstanding well thought out ( well the Articles of Confederation were kind of messy admittedly ) documents and this partisan manifesto .
Add to that the blatant hypocrisy and down right manipulation of contemporary sentiment and you end up with something that looks like it should be posted on the wall of a treehouse in a religious summer camp .
I ’ve left the editing errors intact within the blockquotes .
The Mount Vernon Statement
Constitutional Conservatism : A Statement for the 21st Century
We recommit ourselves to the ideas of the American Founding .
Through the Constitution , the Founders created an enduring framework of limited government based on the rule of law .
They sought to secure national independence , provide for economic opportunity , establish true religious liberty and maintain a flourishing society of republican self - government .
They kind of forgot a couple of things like yes we are a republic but we are also after much deliberation , heartache , and bloodshed a Democracy .
Nice try in getting your team name in the first paragraph even if you would have been referred to as the Whigs at that point in history , better get your powder on .
These principles define us as a country and inspire us as a people .
They are responsible for a prosperous , just nation unlike any other in the world .
They are our highest achievements , serving not only as powerful beacons to all who strive for freedom and seek self - government , but as warnings to tyrants and despots everywhere .
And according to the public reaction to the Supreme Court ’s decision to let corporations buy their own politicians I would n’t get my hopes up about justice right now a lot of Americans are getting a clue that justice is for sale , finally .
Just who exactly is prosperous right now ?
Not the average American right now they are already drowning in credit card debt .
And too many Americans are about to or have lost their homes and their jobs due to a tanking economy .
They seem to not understand that the Age of Imperialism from our armed forces did not begin until late in the nineteenth century .
Yes , we pillaged our way West but it was after we ran out of room that we became interested in finding other countries to exploit .
As to tyrants fearing us someone better tell that to North Korea and Iran they did n’t get the message and there is plenty of unpoliced injustice here and abroad to make that statement more than wishful thinking .
Each one of these founding ideas is presently under sustained attack .
In recent decades , America ’s principles have been undermined and redefined in our culture , our universities and our politics .
The selfevident truths of 1776 have been supplanted by the notion that no such truths exist .
The federal government today ignores the limits of the Constitution , which is increasingly dismissed as obsolete and irrelevant .
The only people attacking the government are Conservatives are you sure you want to say this ?
Ditto on changing the natural growth of our mores , education , and our politics .
Do you really want to go back to buggies and candles ?
How about the absence of anything like a banking system ; that would really put a crimp in your base .
Again with this projecting your notions into the political spectrum , it is to you and your ilk that separation of church and state among other issues puts a crimp in your style it was good enough in 1776 and even better now since mass media lets you proselytize 24/ 7 .
Those that are thinking the Constitution is obsolete also think they should n’t have to pay taxes on the roads , something considered a public good .
Some insist that America must change , cast off the old and put on the new .
But where would this lead — forward or backward , up or down ?
Is n’t this idea of change an empty promise or even a dangerous deception ?
Your group keeps trying to push us backward it was nice of you to admit to it at least .
The world is not static that I why we have a Constitution that was developed to grow with this land not hold it back .
Nice little stab at President Obama ’s campaign promise there .
The change we urgently need , a change consistent with the American ideal , is not movement away from but toward our founding principles .
At this important time , we need a restatement of Constitutional conservatism grounded in the priceless principle of ordered liberty articulated in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution .
You should go re-read the Declaration of Independence ; today it would qualify as hate mail .
The principals you espouse have been pushed back by your peers .
Did you change your minds ?
The conservatism of the Declaration asserts self - evident truths based on the laws of nature and nature ’s God .
It defends life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
It traces authority to the consent of the governed .
It recognizes man ’s self - interest but also his capacity for virtue .
The Declaration of Independence is as radical as you could get without bloodshed .
Are you reading the same document I am ?
Nature has a God ?
I missed that little piece of information .
The conservatism of the Constitution limits government ’s powers but ensures that government performs its proper job effectively .
It refines popular will through the filter of representation .
It provides checks and balances through the several branches of government and a federal republic .
And you guy ’s got in there and jimmied up the works with your toadies , the Founding Fathers are rolling in their graves because it was what you are doing that they feared most , subversion through assimilation .
They knew that would be the only thing that really could harm the Constitution and you guys did it royally .
A Constitutional conservatism unites all conservatives through the natural fusion provided by American principles .
It reminds economic conservatives that morality is essential to limited government , social conservatives that unlimited government is a threat to moral self - government , and national security conservatives that energetic but responsible government is the key to America ’s safety and leadership role in the world .
The Founding Fathers knew not everyone was Conservative that is the reason it took so long to get the Constitution ratified , everyone wanted to know their rights would not be trampled on .
A Constitutional conservatism based on first principles provides the framework for a consistent and meaningful policy agenda .
It applies the principle of limited government based on the rule of law to every proposal .
Oxymoron .
It honors the central place of individual liberty in American politics and life .
Then why are you in our bedrooms and our doctor ’s offices all the time ?
DOMA anyone ?
It encourages free enterprise , the individual entrepreneur , and economic reforms grounded in market solutions .
Is that why your big business buddies get all the breaks ?
Small business has been crushed by your policies .
It supports America ’s national interest in advancing freedom and opposing tyranny in the world and prudently considers what we can and should do to that end .
Invade any country with resources we want has been the status quo .
Does this mean you are going to do something about Uganda among other places where life is being disregarded ?
It informs conservatism ’s firm defense of family , neighborhood , community , and faith .
Is that why I find your Queer kids homeless on the street all the time ?
Defending your family from the Ghay ?
So are you going to be nice to Wiccans finally , and Athiests ?
If we are to succeed in the critical political and policy battles ahead , we must be certain of our purpose .
Perhaps you are too certain without examining the ramifications of your actions thoroughly .
Look at the mess you ’ve made .
We must begin by retaking and resolutely defending the high ground of America ’s founding principles .
That would be a good start .
See you at Pride .
February 17 , 2010
Signatories .
Police have issued a fetching self - portrait of a man who was caught on the miniature camera he put in the ladies changing room of a Cheshire supermarket .
A police statement explains : " Police in Warrington are keen to trace a man who placed a small camera in a fitting room at Asda in the Westbrook centre in Warrington on December 19 at around 5 pm .
The device was placed in the light fitting and was in place for 30 minutes before it was discovered .
" Unfortunately for the man , he forgot to turn off the camera whilst placing it , and forensic examination of the data card shows him placing it in situ . "
Police describe the man as " approx 30 - 35 years of age , of slim build smartly dressed wearing a long dark coat with a fleece type jumper underneath with a white circular logo on the left breast of fleece " , and ask anyone who can identify him to call detective constable Julie Cassie on 0845 4580 000 . ®
If you ’ve not seen the corrupt Xbox Live moderator video check it out at the end of the post .
So here ’s what happened , XBL user iTzLuPo V2 who claims to be as innocent as OJ , got his account banned by an aggressive moderator who reminds us of Leonidas ( 300 ) a.k.a
The Pro , does n’t give a damn about higher Microsoft authority , gives him the “ This is XBL ” and bans Mr. LuPo V2 for 2 weeks .
Microsoft has responded to the allegations through Stephen Toulouse , Director of Policy and Enforcement for XBL , via twitter .
Stephen said ,
Yes I ’ve seen the heavily edited video of The Pro .
He was policing 10th prestige MW2 modding which results in gold account and console ban .
I did enjoy the the explanation about the audio being totally off / 1 sided cause his â€œcapture card went crazyâ€ when its clear it was edited .
He admitted that the tone of the Moderator was a bit condescending and he ’ll speak to him .
While I will speak to him about his tone , the audio is clearly recut to omit the threats and ToU violations the others were saying to him .
The console banning statements he made were about 10th prestige and GS modding .
He also clarified the role of the Moderators ,
We try to do our job protecting the service dispassionately , the Pro ’s comments about console banning were out of context and referred to modding .
He finally closed the case and thanked for bringing it to his attention so there you have it another case solved by Microsoft ’s very own XBL detective Stephen Toulouse .
Check out the video in question below :
UPDATE : Here ’s the unedited video
( CNN ) --
Another band of frigid weather will blanket the eastern two - thirds of the nation Wednesday , battering states already dealing with record - low temperatures that have been blamed for at least five deaths .
The system will bring blistering cold weather and winds across the country , including many states not used to such temperatures .
In Florida , Gov. Charlie Crist declared a state of emergency because of the threat to the state 's lucrative crop industry .
His order aims to help farmers across the state salvage what they can by lifting weight limits on trucks and allowing them to get already harvested crops out of the cold .
In other areas of the country , low temperature records are being broken and are likely to continue to fall .
Later this week , the temperature could drop below zero for the first time in St. Louis , Missouri , since 1999 , according to the National Weather Center .
Little Rock , Arkansas , could see an actual temperature of 10 degrees and wind chill of 20 below zero on Friday morning , according to the National Weather Service .
The high temperature will be in the 20s on Thursday and Friday in Dallas , Texas , where consecutive days that cold have not happened since 1998 , the weather service said .
The northern Plains could see wind chills of 20 to 30 below zero through Wednesday , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said .
" Some locations could see temperatures 30 to 40 degrees below normal " on Thursday across parts of the Plains , upper Midwest and Ohio River Valley , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said .
By Friday morning , afternoon highs will struggle to make it above zero , he said .
" What 's unusual about this is the length of the cold snap , " CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said .
" Typically across the South , you 'll get a two - to three - day cold snap , and then temperatures will moderate , " he said .
" But we 're getting reinforcing shot after reinforcing shot , and that pattern does n't look like it wants to break down until at least next week . "
Some states were still dealing with the aftermath of the first cold snap .
In Atlantic , Iowa , a record set in 1958 was broken when the temperature dropped to minus 29 degrees Monday , according to the National Weather Service .
Share your photos , video of winter weather near you
Safety officials in Virginia warned children and adults to stay away from frozen ponds and streams .
A homeless man was found frozen to death in Kansas City , Missouri , where the temperature was 1 degree Tuesday morning , and Salvation Army officials said they desperately need donations of hats , gloves and socks , CNN affiliate KCTV reported .
The temperature is not expected to rise above zero in Kansas City on Friday .
A winter storm watch is in effect for Kansas City , where 2 to 4 inches of snow and near - blizzard conditions will be possible on Wednesday afternoon , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said .
A winter storm watch has also been issued for Memphis , Tennessee , where 2 to 4 inches of snow will be possible from late Wednesday evening into Thursday morning .
The northern Plains could see wind chills of 20 to 30 below zero through Wednesday , Myers said .
" Some locations could see temperatures 30 to 40 degrees below normal " on Thursday across parts of the Plains , upper Midwest and Ohio River Valley , Morris said .
A winter storm warning for moderate to heavy snowfall was in effect into Tuesday afternoon in parts of northwestern Washington state , northern Idaho , Montana and northern Wyoming , the weather service said .
Moderate to heavy snowfall also is possible in much of North Dakota from Tuesday to Wednesday , the weather service said .
A dusting of snow will be possible in Atlanta , Georgia , on Thursday , Morris said .
At least four cold - related deaths have occurred in Tennessee .
One was an 81 - year - old Alzheimer 's patient who apparently wandered outside during the night wearing nothing but a bathrobe , police said .
John Anderson 's body was found in his driveway Monday morning .
The Salvation Army shelter in Lubbock , Texas , is making room to let more people in out of the cold , CNN affiliate KCBD reported .
Shelters in Jackson , Mississippi , were reaching capacity , CNN affiliate WLBT reported .
New Jerusalem Church in Jackson was opening its doors to help the homeless .
" We had one of the gentlemen tonight who lives under the bridge .
...
He 's never been to a shelter , and he said , ' You know , Miss Liza , my bones can't handle it anymore , ' " New Jerusalem Church spokesperson Eliza Garcia told WLBT .
The frigid air reaches all the way south , jeopardizing berry and citrus crops in Louisiana and Florida .
Watch how berry farmers are trying to save their plants
Some hard freeze warnings were also in effect in Louisiana and parts of the state could see temperatures drop into the 20s , some of the coldest weather in the area since 1996 , CNN affiliate WWL in New Orleans , Louisiana , reported .
Supplies for protecting pipes from freezing were disappearing from area stores , CNN affiliate WDSU reported .
It forced some to discuss other options -- like wrapping pipes in newspaper and covering it in plastic , WDSU reported .
Hard freeze warnings were in effect Tuesday morning for much of northern Florida and parts of other Gulf Coast states , according to the National Weather Service .
" For Florida , they 're going to see the coldest stretch in 15 to 25 years , " Marciano said .
" They get freezes like this , but they do n't get them for this length of time , and that 's the danger that will probably wear the farmers out . "
In Winter Park , Florida , some students found themselves unable to escape the elements even once they got to school -- a faulty air handler left Aloma Elementary School without heat , CNN affiliate WKMG in Orlando reported .
Growers are spraying water on their trees to form a protective coating of ice , said Andrew Meadows , spokesman for Florida Citrus Mutual , a trade group representing about 8,000 growers .
As long as temperatures do n't drop below 28 degrees for more than four hours , damage should be minimal , he said .
However , forecasters say colder air is on the way .
" Tonight 's going to be another anxious night , " Meadows said .
" I 'm sure a lot of growers will be pulling all - nighters . "
Farmers in Louisiana such as Eric Morrow told CNN affiliate WDSU in New Orleans they were also waiting anxiously , hoping their strawberry crops do n't get destroyed at the height of the growing season .
Charlotte County , Florida , planned to open a cold weather shelter Tuesday evening , CNN affiliate WINK reported .
Other counties were taking similar steps .
Shoppers at clothing stores were were clearing racks of warm coats , CNN affiliate WKMG in Orlando , Florida , reported .
The cold can be lethal to Florida 's tree - dwelling iguana population , too .
The reptiles fall into a sort of suspended animation that mimics death when the temperature drops below 40 , but they could indeed die if it stays below 40 for more than three days , according to CNN affiliate WFOR .
Lows reached the teens Tuesday morning in parts of Alabama , according to the weather service .
Record lows were expected in many areas across the South , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said .
The Weatherization Trust , a nonprofit group in Omaha , Nebraska , stepped in to help a family whose furnace quit in the midst of the freeze , CNN affiliate KETV reported .
Tracy O'Boyle and her family have been using an oven to stay warm , but the nonprofit group has procured a replacement furnace , to be installed by the end of the week , KETV reported .
" We 're just grateful we 're going to get the furnace in a few days , " O'Boyle told KETV .
" We 've already lasted more than a week without one and it 's been really cold . "
CNN 's Jim Kavanaugh contributed to this report .
Animals and cameras…oh wait , that was children , but never mind , because we ’ve got 10 classic animal photobombs for your enjoyment :
UPDATE Tuesday a.m. The National Rifle Association on Monday filed a brief supporting the Chicagoans ’ challenge .
It can be downloaded here .
The NRA has been pursuing a similar challenge ( pending petition , 08-1497 ) .
It is in the McDonald case as a respondent supporting the petitioners .
The following post has also been updated , including a change in the date for filing the city of Chicago ’s merits brief .
— — — — — ————-
With a strong plea to revive the Constitution ’s ill - fated Privileges or Immunities Clause , lawyers for four Chicagoans told the Supreme Court on Monday that history shows clearly that the Second Amendment ’s protection of personal gun rights applies to state and local laws as fully as to those at the federal level .
The brief is dominated by a wide - ranging survey of the meaning and origins of the privileges clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , only seven pages of the 73 - page brief are devoted to another provision of that Amendment : the Due Process Clause .
( The Court presumably is more familiar with the Due Process Clause , repeatedly litigated for decades even as the Privileges or Immunities Clause has lain largely dormant . )
In a bold thrust , the attorneys for the challengers to Chicago ’s strict handgun ban asked the Court to strike down three of its prior rulings : the Slaughterhouse Cases in 1873 — the ruling that made the privileges clause a nullity — and two decisions limiting the Second Amendment to a restriction only on federal laws : U.S. v. Cruikshank in 1876 and Presser v. Illinois in 1886 .
“ Faced with a clear conflict between precedent and the Constitution , this Court should uphold the Constitution , ” the brief argued .
The Slaughterhouse precedent , “ and its unavoidable progency , Cruikshank and Presser , ” the brief said , “ established that the States could continue to violate virtually all privileges and immunities of American citizens , including those codified in the Bill of Rights , notwithstanding [ the Fourteenth Amendment ] Section One ’s clear textual command to the contrary . ”
Those three rulings , it added , “ lack legitmacy . ”
“ When this Court first passed on the Fourteenth Amendment , it announced a theory of the Privileges or Immunities Clause never apparently considered by anyone during the framing and ratification process , standing diametrically opposed to every statement of intent and understanding related to the Privileges or Immunities Clause , ” the document asserted .
“ With this decision , civil rights inhering naturally in individuals , and which predate the Constitution , would be left to the States ’ protection . ”
The phrase “ privileges or immunities , ” the McDonald counsel said , had long been synonymous with rights in general , but acquired “ additional heft ” with an 1823 court ruling interpreting that clause to have a sweeping breadth .
That was the decision in Corfield v. Coryell , which Supreme Court Justice Bushrod Washington wrote while “ riding circuit ” on a lower court in Pennsylvania .
“ The Fourteenth Amendment reflected the broad common usage of ‘ privileges or immunities , ’ including the pre-existent natural rights of the sort identified in Corfield and the personal rights guaranteed by the Bill of Rights , ” according to the filing .
And yet , it noted , the privileges clause “ was all but erased from the Constitution ” in the Slaughterhouse ruling in 1873 .
“ Slaughterhouse transformed the Framers ’ broad protection of individual liberty , commonly understood , into a clause securing only the most obscure rights , rarely exercised by any American and with which the States could not ordinarily interfere even had they the will to do so . ”
The brief sought to trace the “ privileges or immunities ” concept back to James Madison in his original articulation of what would become the Bill of Rights , then followed it through the pre-Civil War period , and then through the drafting and ratifying process after the Civil War had ended and the Union moved to codify its victory over the Confederacy and its social structure .
“ In sum , ” the brief said , “ a straight line of popular understanding of ‘ privileges ’ and ‘ immunities ’ runs from Madison through Corfield , leading abolitionists , Dred Scott , and the Fourteenth Amendment ’s Framers . ”
The clause , it contended , embraces natural , fundamental rights , as well as “ the rights codified in the first eight amendments ” — including , of course , the Second .
The document ’s discussion of the Due Process argument focused on the fact that that provision “ has incorporated virtually all other enumerated rights , ” and contended that there is no reason to make the Second Amendment an exception .
The city of Chicago has 30 days , under the Court ’s Rules , to file its merits brief .
That time can be extended , but the Rules say that such an extension at the merits stage “ is not favored . ”
UPDATE Tuesday a.m.
The city , in fact , has obtained an extension to file its brief — until Dec. 30 , a two - week extension .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A seven - year - old boy from London who was aiming to raise £ 500 for the Haiti quake relief effort through a sponsored bike ride has raised more than £ 72,000 .
Charlie Simpson , from Fulham , west London , cycled five miles ( 8 km ) around South Park near his home to raise funds for Unicef 's earthquake appeal .
His call for support touched the hearts of people around the world after he put a message on the JustGiving website .
Unicef thanked him " on behalf of the many children in Haiti " .
On his JustGiving page , Charlie said : " I want to do a sponsored bike ride for Haiti because there was a big earthquake and loads of people have lost their lives .
" I want to make some money to buy food , water and tents for everyone in Haiti . "
Unicef is helping to provide water , sanitation , education and nutrition , as well as supporting child protection .
Money raised by Charlie will go towards its Haiti Earthquake Children 's Appeal .
Along with donations , Charlie was flooded with messages of support .
One donor said : " Well done Charlie - you are an inspiration to us all . "
A donor who read about Charlie 's appeal in New Zealand described his ride as an " awesome " act of kindness .
Another donor said : " We 're cheering you on from Hong Kong . "
David Bull , Unicef 's UK executive director , described Charlie 's ride on Sunday as a " little seed " which had rapidly grown into something much bigger .
" This is a very bold and innovative gesture by Charlie that shows he connects with and not only understands what children his own age must be going through in Haiti , but is also wise enough to know that he can help them , " he said .
" The little seed - his idea - that he has planted has grown rapidly and his is a place well - deserved in the humanitarian world .
" On behalf on the many children in Haiti , I thank Charlie for his effort . "
Heavier Isnt Always Better
How can you tell if you are low on Testosterone ?
Look out for these signs
Shoppers will be able to recycle old batteries in thousands of shops across the country from today as part of a crackdown on the throwaway society .
Under a European directive , every shop selling more than a pack of batteries a day will be forced to accept old batteries for recycling and most are expected to set up in - store collection points , typically in the form of a cardboard box by the door .
Some town halls , libraries and schools will voluntarily offer the service .
The change will bring Britain into line with many mainland European countries , where recycling boxes for batteries have been a common sight in shops for years .
Britons use over 600 million batteries every year – an average of 21 per household – but the UK has a dismal record in recycling them .
The overwhelming majority , 97 per cent , are thrown into domestic bins and end up in landfill , where their toxic metals lead , cadmium and mercury leach out into the ground and pollute water courses .
The Waste Batteries and Accumulators Regulations 2009 is the latest attempt , following the Landfill and WEE EU directives , to transform Britain into a greener society which dumps fewer materials .
It incorporates into British law the 2006 EU Batteries directive , which set a series of targets for the recycling of portable batteries used to power toys , torches and other gadgets .
From the current 3 per cent , the UK will have to recycle 25 per cent of used batteries by 2012 and 45 per cent by 2016 .
Any high street or online retailer selling more than 32kg of batteries a year , the equivalent of one pack of 4 AA batteries a day , will have to provide recycling bins or facilities .
Increasing recycling will cut greenhouse gases linked to battery production , says the Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) , which estimates that hitting the 2016 target could save 12,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions annually .
“ This new legislation will make it easier for consumers to do the right thing whilst ensuring retailers fulfil their part of the bargain , ” said Hilary Benn , Secretary of State for the Environment .
“ Old batteries can cause harm to the environment when they are not recycled .
The new approach to disposal of batteries will help to reduce the number of batteries that now end up in landfill . ”
Why is it so hard to quite smoking cigarettes ?
Everyone knows that nicotine is very addictive but for most smokers its more than just a nicotine addiction , Its the habit of smoking a cigarette and associating it with your daily routine , Making nicotine patches and nicotine gum less effective .
So what will work ?
Try Prado Electronic E - Cigs ,
The electronic cigarette that vaporizes liquid nicotine to give you the look and feel of a real cigarette .
Prado Electronic E- Cigs gives you same amount of nicotine as a regular cigarette does but in a vapor form , Saving you from inhaling all the harmful smoke and tar of a tobacco cigarette .
Prado Electronic
E- Cigs are grabbing the attention of smokers in bars and in places like the mall because someone is puffing on a Prado Electronic E - Cigs inside , Its because you can smoke electronic cigarettes in most places cigarettes are banned , Prado electronic cigarettes uses heat and vapor and not fire and smoke making it perfectly legal to smoke ecigs almost anywhere .
Watch A Video Clip Of Electronic Cigarettes In The News
Stop spending a fortune on regular cigarettes , Smoking Prado Electronic E- Cigs will save you money .
E - cigs last longer than a normal pack of smokes and comes with easy refillable liquid nicotine capsules , cutting the cost of buying regular cigarettes by less than half .
No one can say for legal reasons that smoking a electronic cigarette is healthier than smoking a regular cigarette , But you can decide for yourself if you want to smoke a Prado Electronic E - Cig as an alternative to smoking the harmful tar and chemicals of a regular cigarette .
Click Here to Try Prado E - Cig Free with Trial Offer
Go Here to See the Top Ecigs Reviewed
SEE OTHER ELECTRONIC CIGARETTE TRIAL OFFERS
GO HERE FOR FREE ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES
The LA Anarchist Weekly
A blog for Greater Los Angeles Area News written from an Anarchist Perspective
The poor cousin of the oil - rich Arab world , Yemen has struggled in obscurity for much of its modern , 20 - year history .
It made headlines with the attempt to blow up a Detroit - bound airliner on Dec. 25 , 2009 , a high - grade incident backed by the Yemeni branch of al - Qaeda .
The country again became the focus of international attention in October 2010 after explosive material destined for synagogues in Chicago was found in packages shipped from Yemen .
The U.S. government linked those attempted attacks to al - Qaeda .
One result of the December 2009 bombing attempt was that foreign ministers from 20 countries , including Canada , and representatives from international organizations met in London in January to discuss Yemen and the problem of international security .
Yemeni al - Qaeda militants listen to a verdict from behind bars at the state security court in Sana 'a July 13 , 2009 .
A Yemeni court sentenced six militants to death for attacks that killed nine Spanish and Belgian tourists over the past two years .
Ten others were sentenced to jail terms ranging from eight to 15 years .
( Reuters )
For Gordon Brown , Britain 's prime minister at the time and the meeting 's convener , " Yemen — as both an incubator and potential safe haven for terrorism — presents a regional and global threat . "
While terrorism was a top concern for those attending the two - hour conference , the meeting highlighted that Yemen is heading into a gathering storm of problems .
These range from chronic unemployment to dwindling oil and water reserves to widespread use of the amphetamine - like drug khat .
" The actual fact is that the economic problem is the major cause of all the ills Yemen is facing now , " Yemeni Foreign Minister Abubakr al - Qirbi told Reuters before the London meeting .
The economy alone , however , does n't explain the full range of problems facing the troubled country of nearly 24 million .
Problem No. 1 : a resurgent al - Qaeda
The group now known as al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) declared its existence in January 2009 .
It is a merger of al - Qaeda 's Saudi and Yemeni branches , once significant operations .
( Osama bin Laden was born in Saudi Arabia , his father in Yemen . )
Saudi troops are shown on the Yemen border on Jan. 27 as international leaders met in London to discuss the Yemen situation .
( Reuters )
After a crackdown in the wake of the 9/11 attacks , Yemeni and U.S authorities felt they had largely eliminated the Yemeni branch of al - Qaeda as of 2003 .
But a dramatic prison break in 2006 freed 23 hardline insurgents , including AQAP leader Nasir al - Wuhayshi .
The prisoners were believed to have had support from Yemeni security officials .
Meanwhile , in Saudi Arabia , authorities had al - Qaeda on the run and by 2008 the group there was telling its members to move to Yemen .
While this was going on , Yemen was facing a rebellion in its north and a secession movement in the south .
Foreign Minister al - Qirbi concedes that his government made a mistake in " sparing " al - Qaeda until 2009 , in order to focus on those other security concerns .
The government had also employed mujahedeen in those two campaigns , which contributed to a new generation of AQAP leaders who are " more talented and more ambitious , " according to Brian O'Neill , former editor of The Yemen Observer .
Very patient
O'Neill notes " AQAP 's institutional growth , reach , boldness , regional ambition , and perhaps most unnerving , its patience . "
The group also employs the internet , with videos , an online journal ( Sada al - Malahin , the Echo of Battles ) , and discussion boards that call on jihadists to come to Yemen and join them .
Khat leaves are sold at a market in Sana 'a , Yemen .
A bag this size sells for about $ 10 US and will last three to four hours .
( Margaret Evans / CBC )
Khat " People in this country are simply chewing their way to oblivion , " Yemeni cabinet minister Abdel - Rahman al - Eryani told the Guardian newspaper .
An estimated 75 per cent of Yemeni men , regardless of social standing , chew khat on a daily basis .
Khat 's popularity stems from its amphetamine - like properties .
Users says it gives them energy , self - esteem and mental sharpness .
But it has serious health risks , especially as a result of the chemicals used to boost crop yields .
Yemen 's largest crop , khat also takes up so much acreage that the country is now a net importer of food .
And since khat has no nutritional value , there are more problems :
Every day five million Yemenis go hungry and 250 children die from malnutrition , many in refugee camps , according to UNICEF .
" Today al - Qaeda members are putting down roots by marrying into local tribes and establishing a durable infrastructure that can survive the loss of key commanders , " Yemen expert Gregory Johnsen writes in Foreign Policy magazine .
" They have also launched a two - track policy of persuasion and intimidation , first by constructing a narrative of jihad that is broadly popular in Yemen , and second by assassinating or executing security officials who prove too aggressive in their pursuit of al - Qaeda fighters . "
According to Yemeni government estimates , AQAP has 200 to 300 operatives .
The underwear - bombing attempt was the first time it had tried to attack a domestic American target and came just months after the U.S. military re-established close connections with Yemeni security .
War with al - Qaeda escalates
On April 26 , 2010 , an al - Qaeda suicide bomber tried and failed to kill the British ambassador to Yemen .
An air strike on May 25 that was supposed to target an al - Qaeda suspect instead killed the deputy governor of Ma'arib province , Jaber al - Shabwani .
That led to two pipeline bombings and clashes between his Al - Shabwan ethnic group and security forces .
Al - Qaeda actions intensified through the summer .
In August , officials reported that al - Qaeda had killed 53 soldiers since May .
In September the military launched an offensive against an al - Qaeda cell in the town of Hawta in the province of Shabwa .
It was reported that they shelled the town with artillery and tanks and deployed assault helicopters .
Fifteen thousand civilians fled .
Oct. 6 saw another attack on a British diplomat , this time the deputy ambassador .
Fiona Gibb was uninjured by the rocket - propelled grenade , but another British official and two bystanders were injured .
In mid-October , with clashes between al - Qaeda and security forces happening nearly weekly , the military began airstrikes on the town of Moudia in Abyan province .
On Nov. 1 , 14 al - Qaeda members surrendered to the governor of Abyan .
Problem No. 2 : Leadership ' like dancing with snakes '
President Ali Abdullah Saleh took power in North Yemen in 1978 , the last in a series of military rulers , and continued to rule the united country following the 1990 merger with South Yemen .
He is used to being in charge .
But this should be his last term as president — 2013 is the end date — unless he gets a change to Yemen 's new election laws .
Saleh governs Yemen through a system of patronage and tradeoffs among the competing interests of Yemeni tribes and other groups .
Ruling Yemen , he often says , is " like dancing with snakes . "
Outside of the major cities , tribal chiefs exercise more authority and the government 's power is limited .
" Much of the population outside major highland urban areas associates the Saleh regime with corruption , cronyism , nepotism , and blocked economic and social opportunities , " says Yemen expert Christopher Boucek of the think - tank The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
Even the government 's own Central Organization for Control and Auditing " has alleged that nearly 30 per cent of government revenue is never deposited in government accounts , " Boucek writes .
Yemen 's President Ali Abdullah Saleh addresses a news conference in Sana'a Oct. 30 . ( Khaled Abdullah / Reuters )
As a result , expanding central government control , particularly with U.S. help , risks alienating more of the population .
" Mr. Saleh presents the Obama administration with a problem that is all too familiar in Afghanistan and Pakistan , " writes The New York Times ' Steven Erlanger .
" He is amenable to American support , but his ineffective and corrupt bureaucracy has limited reach .
" And his willingness to battle al - Qaeda , which he does not view as his main enemy , is questionable . "
The president runs Yemen like a family affair .
His son Ahmed , who Saleh appears to be grooming as his successor , heads the Yemen Republican Guard and the country 's special forces .
Saleh 's half - brother heads the air force .
Nephew Amar is the deputy director for national security .
Nephew
Yahye heads the central security forces and the counter - terrorism unit .
Tarek , also a nephew , heads the Presidential Guard .
Problem No. 3 : southern secession
For the past three years , southern Yemenis have been staging mass protests calling for reinstatement of southerners dismissed from the civil service and army , higher pensions , a fairer share of the country 's dwindling national wealth and an end to corruption .
Through 2010 , the protests led to severe repression by the security services , which seemed to only spur on the demand for secession by the south , where most of the country 's oil is located .
South and North Yemen were independent states until 1990 .
The South had been aligned with the Soviet Union and the superpower 's collapse was a key factor leading to Yemeni unity .
Yemen unification had the misfortune of bad timing , coming just before Iraq 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait .
Supporters of the separatist Southern Movement attend an anti-government rally in the southern Yemeni town of al - Habileen Oct. 14 . ( Reuters )
The traditionally anti-Saudi Yemenis had been aligned with Iraq and had one of the rotating seats on the UN Security Council at the time .
Yemen 's ambassador abstained on the vote for military action against Iraq , earning American and Saudi enmity .
Saudi Arabia expelled nearly a million Yemeni migrant workers , exacerbating Yemen 's economic problems at a crucial time .
The northern elite saw reunification as a wealth grab ; for many in the south it was a failure .
Civil war broke out in 1994 , largely , it is said , at Saleh 's instigation .
His northern forces triumphed but did not vanquish southern secessionist demands .
Problem No. 4 : human rights violations
A report issued by Human Rights Watch in December 2009 examines the widespread abuses by Yemeni security forces in the south : " Unlawful killings , arbitrary detentions , beatings , crackdowns on freedom of assembly and speech , arrests of journalists , and others . "
And goes on to say , " These abuses have created a climate of fear , but have also increased bitterness and alienation among southerners , who say the north economically exploits and politically marginalizes them .
" The security forces have enjoyed impunity for unlawful attacks against southerners , increasing pro-secessionist sentiments in the south and plunging the country into an escalating spiral of repression , protests , and more repression . "
Serious human rights violations , however , are not confined to south Yemen .
Journalists , bloggers , professors and even comedians have been arrested because of what they have written or said .
Websites critical of the government have been blocked .
Publications have been confiscated .
In May 2009 , at the offices of Al - Ayyam , the country 's oldest and most popular independent newspaper , security forces engaged in a one - hour gun battle with the paper 's security guards .
Another shoot - out took place at Al - Ayyam on Jan. 4 , 2010 .
The security forces and the security guards both saw one of their own killed and three wounded .
The newspaper 's editor , Hisham Bashraheel , and two of his sons were jailed for three months .
Their trial began in October .
The government had banned Al - Ayyam for allegedly sympathizing with the southern secessionist movement .
Problem No. 5 : The Houthi rebellion
The Houthi rebellion started in 2004 , taking its name from the man then leading the rebels .
Oil and water Yemen could run out of exportable oil by 2017 , according to The World Bank .
It is also running out of fresh water as well .
Oil exports are already down from a peak of 450,000 barrels per day in 2003 to about 286,000 last year , a significant drop for a government that depends on oil for three - quarters of its revenue .
In Sana 'a , the capital , wells are expected to run dry by 2015 .
While in Taiz , a city in the southwest , the half million inhabitants are allowed access to public water tanks just once every 45 days .
The conflict is in the Saada province that borders Saudi Arabia .
The majority of Yemenis are Sunni Muslims .
But in this area of the country most people belong to the Zaidi branch of Shia Islam , a branch unique to Yemen .
In the 1980s , a movement emerged among Zaidis in resistance to what they perceived as Sunni domination .
According to Joost Hiltermann of the International Crisis Group , " The insurgency is more a reaction to a dysfunctional government than an inspired , centralized , ideological movement . "
The Houthi movement 's slogan is , " God is great !
Death to America !
Death to Israel !
Curse upon the Jews !
Victory to Islam ! "
Nevertheless , the Houthis have not targeted Westerners or Jews .
Some of their early protests were against government co-operation with U.S. counter - terrorism efforts .
The well - armed Houthi fighters number between 2,000 and 10,000 and the conflict has forced an estimated 250,000 people to flee their homes , according to the UN .
In August 2009 , the Yemen government launched Operation Scorched Earth against rebels in northwestern Yemen .
In November , the Saudi air force began bombing Houthi positions on both sides of the border and Saudi involvement in the fight quickly escalated .
In just over two months , 113 Saudi soldiers had died .
That was the sixth round of fighting and lasted until a ceasefire in February 2010 .
Sporadic fighting continued , including a clash in July that resulted in more than 70 deaths .
In August the government and the rebels signed an accord to implement the February ceasefire , but so far it appears neither side is adhering to its terms .
It was a source of relief when , rather than receiving the extensive opt-outs that many feared , the bill introducing compulsory sex and relationships education ( SRE ) for all children , made it clear that state - funded " faith schools " would have to follow the same principles as all other state - funded schools .
By those of us who had feared much worse , these general principles – though not perfect – were considered an acceptable minimum .
Now , with parliament on holiday and late in the day , Ed Balls has tabled an amendment to his own bill , which would exempt state funded faith schools from even the modest requirements that it currently proposes to place on them and the Catholic Education Service of England and Wales have proudly announced that it was their lobbying that won it .
We should not be surprised .
This is just the latest in a 12 - year catalogue of concessions and exemptions made to state - funded faith schools , from a widening of their ability to discriminate on employment , to their continuing discriminatory admissions practices .
Let 's leave aside for one moment the question of why a government should be so keen to trade children 's rights for Catholic approval in this way , and of why lobbying by an unrepresentative minority should skew the entitlement of pupils in a third of all our state schools .
Let 's instead take a closer look at precisely what it is that the Catholic Education Service found so objectionable that they had to be exempt from it .
The principles in the bill that schools must follow are that " information presented ... should be accurate and balanced " , that the subject should be " taught in a way that is appropriate to the ages of the pupils concerned and to their religious and cultural backgrounds and reflects a range of religious , cultural and other perspectives " , that it should " be taught in a way that endeavours to promote equality , encourages acceptance of diversity and emphasises the importance of both rights and responsibilities . "
These are the principles from which Ed Balls ' amendment would exempt faith schools if they say it conflicts with their " religious character " .
This has rightly provoked outrage , from multi-faith and belief coalitions like Accord and children 's rights campaigners .
In a further weird twist , having done this , the government then tried to say it had n't .
They said yesterday that all schools will have to teach SRE " in line with the principles outlined in the bill including promoting equality and encouraging acceptance of diversity " which , if they believe it themselves , means that they do n't understand their own amendment , since the effect of their amendment is precisely to allow faith schools not to do this , if they believe it conflicts with their religious character .
The most shameful consequence of the amendment is that it would shift the focus of the law as it applies to faith schools away from the needs of children , towards the religious prejudices of the school , as if this is what the law should really be protecting .
Who is education supposed to benefit – the child or the church ?
Comedian Stephen Colbert is presenting at the Grammys , and to mark the occasion of " Song of the Year " ( Single Ladies ( Put a Ring On It ) ) , he pulled out his shiny new iPad .
Advertisement
Notable because it's one of the first out in the open ( is he " the first ? " ) .
Also notable : No iPads in those obscene celebrity gift baskets people get for attending these things ( Jay - Z did n't even get one , Colbert mocked ) .
Advertisement
And yes , this looked to be the real deal , as you could see the screen changing from portrait to landscape as the moved the iPad around .
Update : Now with video .
Hollywood film studios today lodged an appeal against a landmark legal judgment which found an Australian Internet provider was not responsible for illegal movie downloads by its customers .
The Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft ( AFACT ) , representing a consortium of 34 studios , said the Federal Court 's ruling was out of step with well - established copyright law .
" The court found large scale copyright infringements ( proven ) , that iiNet knew they were occurring , that iiNet had the contractual and technical capacity to stop them and iiNet did nothing about them , " said Neil Gane , executive director of AFACT .
" In line with previous case law , this would have amounted to authorisation of copyright infringement . "
Gane said AFACT had filed an appeal with the Federal Court arguing it had erred on 15 grounds , setting a dangerous precedent that allowed Internet companies to turn a blind eye to copyright theft .
Physicists have long wondered whether hydrogen , the most abundant element in the universe , could be transformed into a metal and possibly even a superconductor -- the elusive state in which electrons can flow without resistance .
They have speculated that under certain pressure and temperature conditions hydrogen could be squeezed into a metal and possibly even a superconductor , but proving it experimentally has been difficult .
High - pressure researchers , including Carnegie 's Ho-kwang ( Dave ) Mao , have now modeled three hydrogen - dense metal alloys and found there are pressure and temperature trends associated with the superconducting state -- a huge boost in the understanding of how this abundant material could be harnessed .
The study is published in the January 25 , 2010 , early , on - line edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
All known materials have to be cooled below a very low , so - called , transition temperature to become superconducting , making them impractical for widespread application .
Scientists have found that in addition to chemical manipulation to raise the transition temperature , superconductivity can also be induced by high pressure .
Theoretical modeling is very helpful in defining the characteristics and pressures that can lead to high transition temperatures .
In this study , the scientists modeled basic properties from first principles -- the study of behavior at the atomic level -- of three metal hydrides under specific temperature , pressure , and composition scenarios .
Metal hydrides are compounds in which metals bind to an abundance of hydrogen in a lattice structure .
The compounds were scandium trihydride ( ScH 3 ) , yttrium trihydride ( YH 3 ) and lanthanum trihydride ( LaH 3 ) .
" We found that superconductivity set in at pressures between roughly 100,000 to 200,000 times atmospheric pressure at sea level ( 10 to 20 GPa ) , which is an order of magnitude lower than the pressures for related compounds that bind with four hydrogens instead of three , " remarked Mao , of Carnegie 's Geophysical Laboratory .
Lanthanum trihydride stabilized at about 100,000 atmospheres and a transition temperature of -- 423 °F ( 20 Kelvin ) , while the other two stabilized at about 200,000 atmospheres and temperatures of - 427 °F ( 18 K ) and - 387 °F ( 40 K ) for ScH 3 and YH 3 respectively .
The researchers also found that two of the compounds , LaH 3 and YH 3 , had more similar distributions of vibrational energy to each other than to ScH 3 at the superconducting threshold and that the transition temperature was highest at the point when a structural transformation occurred in all three .
This result suggests that the superconducting state comes from the interaction of electrons with vibrational energy through the lattice .
At pressures higher than 350,000 atmospheres ( 35 GPa ) superconductivity disappeared and all three compounds became normal metals .
In yttrium trihydride , the superconductivity state reappeared at about 500,000 atmospheres , but not in the others .
The scientists attributed that effect to its different mass .
" The fact that the models predicted distinctive trends in the behavior for these three related compounds at similar temperatures and pressures is very exciting for the field , " commented Mao .
" Previous to this study , the focus has been on compounds with four hydrogens .
The fact that superconductivity is induced at lower pressures in the trihydrides makes them potentially more promising materials with which to work .
The temperature and pressures ranges are easily attainable in the lab and we hope to see a flurry of experiments to bear out these results . "
The team at Carnegie has embarked on their own experiments on this class of trihydrides to test these models .
Authors on the paper were Duck Young Kim , Ralph H. Scheicher , Ho-kwang Mao , Tae E. Kang , and Rajeev Ahuja .
The work is supported by EFree , an Energy Frontier Research Center funded by the U. S. Department of Energy .
The conservation group Sea Shepherd says its ship the Bob Barker has been intentionally rammed by a Japanese whaling vessel off Antarctica .
Sea Shepherd says four Japanese harpoon ships were circling the Bob Barker because it was actively blocking the slipway of the Nisshin Maru - the Japanese whaling fleet 's factory ship .
Sea Shepherd founder Paul Watson says the Yushin Maru 3 then intentionally rammed the Bob Barker , creating a hole in the side of the vessel above the waterline .
" The four harpoon vessels then began to circle the Bob Barker , being very intimidating , " he said .
" At noon today one of the vessels , the Yushin Maru 3 , came up close alongside and turned swiftly and then slammed its stern right into the stern end of the Bob Barker , cutting a 3 - foot long , by four - inch wide gash in the hull . "
The Sea Shepherd group said in a statement that no - one had been injured in the crash , which happened about 300 kilometres off Cape Darnley in the Australian Antarctic Territory .
Welding crews are working to repair the damage , which the group says is a deep gash to the starboard side of the vessel .
But Japanese whalers say they tried to avoid the collision .
In a statement , the Institute of Cetacean Research says the Bob Barker had become dangerously close to the Nisshin Maru , and were attacking it with lasers and bottles of butyric acid .
It says the Yushin Maru 3 moved to intervene , but was rammed by the anti-whaling ship .
On its website , the Sea Shepherd says the Bob Barker continues to block the Nisshin Maru in an effort to prevent the transfer of slaughtered whales .
Flagship vessel the Steve Irwin is still two days behind the Bob Barker , but Mr Watson is confident that when they arrive they will be able to halt whaling for the season .
" The damage is being repaired right now with our welding crew , but what it indicates is that the Japanese are being extremely aggressive this year , " he said .
" It 's not just whalers we 're dealing with , we 're dealing with Japanese security forces [ who are ] very disciplined , very aggressive . "
It is the second major clash between the conservationists and Japanese whalers this year after the Ady Gil sank following a collision with a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean on January 6 .
Opposition environment spokesman Greg Hunt says the Government needs to send an observation vessel to the Southern Ocean immediately .
" It is time now finally to send a vessel to observe what is going on , to be on hand in case of emergency and to capture and chronicle for the world the slaughter of whales in Australian waters by Japanese whalers , " he said .
Japanese officials have not yet been available to comment .
-ABC / AAP
Remember the Scooby Doo and Thelma as Zombie Hunters pic ?
That was by a great artist called Travis Pitt who has now done these excellent foreign style posters for some of the best films ever , including my fave , The Thing .
Which poster is your favourite ?
You can check out more over at Pitt ’s Gallery .
Source : io9
A musician has harnessed the power of two Nintendo Wiimotes to become a cyborg percussionist with the robo - band Jazari .
His playing of one drum machine can evoke an automated response from another , so that he can go around the drum circle in a beautiful display of human - robot improvisation .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says he " fundamentally " disagrees with some of his nephew 's controversial artwork and opinions but has defended his right to free speech .
Van Thanh Rudd made headlines recently after dressing in a Ku Klux Klan outfit and staging a demonstration against racism outside the Australian Open in Melbourne .
His website includes artworks depicting cricketer Shane Warne shouting next to the coffin of a dead Australian soldier and another , entitled The Rape , showing rugby league players grappling with each other on a bed in a hotel room .
Elsewhere on the site a painting called Portrait of an Exploding Terrorist depicts a suicide bomber with Jesus 's head and a halo of American , British , Israeli and Australian flags being dismembered by an explosion outside the Sydney Opera House .
View Van Thanh Rudd 's website here .
Mr Rudd conceded that he finds his nephew 's views " frustrating " but says he is entitled to express his opinion .
" Do I agree in any way with what he 's done ?
No I do n't , absolutely , " he told Fairfax Radio .
" I just want to put a bit of context in this , that it 's a wide and broad family .
" His dad 's a Vietnam veteran - my brother .
" This bloke [ Van Thanh Rudd ] has got a couple of brothers , one of whom 's a policeman , the other of whom is in the Australian Defence Force .
I do n't think anyone knows that . "
Mr Rudd also said he had n't spoken to his nephew for " quite some months " .
A painting by Van Thanh Rudd depicting Ronald McDonald running with the Olympic torch past a burning monk has previously been banned by Melbourne City Council .
I am thoroughly unimpressed with the belief that global warming scientists have been engaging in some kind of massive conspiracy to conceal the truth .
First , because we seem to be able to observe things like polar ice sheets melting , which point to warming .
And second , because , well , why the hell would they ?
I can imagine a sort of selection bias in the grant process .
I cannot imagine hundreds of scientists thinking , well , I put ten years into getting my PhD - - time to spend the rest of my life faking data in order to get some grant money !
One , yes .
All of them , no .
To me , the worry is the subtler kind of bias that we indisputably know has led to scientific errors in the past .
Richard Feynman has the most elegant exposition I 've ever read :
We have learned a lot from experience about how to handle some of the ways we fool ourselves .
One example : Millikan measured the charge on an electron by an experiment with falling oil drops , and got an answer which we now know not to be quite right .
It 's a little bit off , because he had the incorrect value for the viscosity of air .
It 's interesting to look at the history of measurements of the charge of the electron , after Millikan .
If you plot them as a function of time , you find that one is a little bigger than Millikan's , and the next one 's a little bit bigger than that , and the next one 's a little bit bigger than that , until finally they settle down to a number which is higher .
Why did n't they discover that the new number was higher right away ?
It 's a thing that scientists are ashamed of -- this history -- because it 's apparent that people did things like this :
When they got a number that was too high above Millikan's , they thought something must be wrong -- and they would look for and find a reason why something might be wrong .
When they got a number closer to Millikan 's value they did n't look so hard .
And so they eliminated the numbers that were too far off , and did other things like that .
We 've learned those tricks nowadays , and now we do n't have that kind of a disease .
But this long history of learning how not to fool ourselves -- of having utter scientific integrity -- is , I 'm sorry to say , something that we have n't specifically included in any particular course that I know of .
We just hope you 've caught on by osmosis .
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself -- and you are the easiest person to fool .
So you have to be very careful about that .
After you 've not fooled yourself , it 's easy not to fool other scientists .
You just have to be honest in a conventional way after that .
That is the actual worrying question about CRU , and GISS , and the other scientists working on paleoclimate reconstruction : that they may all be calibrating their findings to each other .
That when you get a number that looks like CRU , you do n't look so hard to figure out whether it 's incorrect as you do when you get a number that does n't look like CRU -- and maybe you adjust the numbers you have to look more like the other " known " datasets .
There is always a way to find what you 're expecting to find if you look hard enough .
The scanner does not record customers ' names or addresses
An off - licence owner in Bridlington has started using fingerprint technology to deter underage drinkers and smokers .
Rod Parker installed a scanner at his Bossy Boots shop in Queensgate just over a week ago .
The equipment reads a customer 's thumb or fingerprint and checks it against ID previously supplied by the customer .
Mr Parker said : " We get a lot of young people coming in and trying to buy cans of lager or cigarettes .
The scanner is an excellent solution . "
His shop is near a large college and in the first week since the equipment was installed , 70 young people have signed up to use it .
It 's better really because I do n't have to keep showing my ID
Brett , 18 Customers are asked to provide a driving licence or passport as proof of identity and their details are entered on the scanner .
Their fingerprint is then entered into the system and linked to the proof of identity .
" Once that 's done all they need to do each time they come in is put their thumb or fingerprint on to the system and we will then let them have the goods , " said Mr Parker .
The scanner is not linked to any network and does not record customers ' names or addresses .
Mr Parker said 70 young people had already signed up to the scheme Eighteen - year - old Brett , who has joined the scheme , said : " If I forget , I do n't need to use my ID any more .
" It 's better really because I do n't have to keep showing my ID . "
However , Alex Deane from human rights organisation Big Brother , urged caution .
" First of all you want people not being malicious in the way they want to use personal information , " he said .
" There will always be ways you can misuse personal data .
" You can always change your pin number and your password ; your fingerprints are , of course , with you for life . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As we enter the 2010 season there are just a handful of prospects that fantasy owners know need to be on their radars because they will be making an impact .
Carlos Santana… Jason Heyward …
The best of the bunch , however , could be the Rays ’ Desmond Jennings .
He split time between Double & Triple - A in ’09 , but he looked good at both stops :
497 At Bats
. 318 Batting Average ( 158 Hits )
11 Home Runs
62 RBI
92 Runs
52 Stolen Bases
. 401 On Base Percentage
. 487 Slugging Percentage
. 351 Batting Average on Balls in Play
There is no questioning the speed he brings to the field .
To get to 52 stolen bases he needed just 59 attempts , meaning he was successful 88.14 % of the time .
In the Major Leagues , no player who stole 40 bases or more was caught less than 12 times .
Obviously , it ’s a different game .
The catchers throwing ability at Double - A is vastly different then the catchers at the Major League level , but it certainly is still worth noting .
Just for comparison , in 436 AB between Double and Triple - A in 2007 , Jacoby Ellsbury went 41 - for - 48 .
In other words he was caught as many times as Jennings , but with 11 less stolen bases .
That speed also allows him to maintain a higher than normal BABIP .
Would I expect him to be able to duplicate his minor league mark ?
Not likely , but I would n’t expect him to suffer either .
He does a great job of keeping the ball on the ground , with a minor league groundball rate of 50.7 % , allowing him to utilize his speed .
Couple that with an ability to make contact ( he struck out just 13.48 % of the time in ’09 ) and there is a lot to like in the average department .
Obviously , you can’t have everything , so do n’t expect a significant number of home runs .
That ’s what you get when you keep the ball on the ground .
I ’d consider him similar to Carl Crawford in this regard .
That would put him in the low - teens consistently , but with the upside of maybe 15 - 18 .
If he ’s stealing 45 bases while hitting right around .300 , is anyone really going to complain about that ?
The only thing standing in his way is a job and at 23 - years old , how long could the Rays really keep him down ?
If what others are saying about him is true , it should n’t be long .
Baseball America , who ranked him as the team ’s top prospect , recently said :
“ Jennings has a lethal combination of speed and power that , combined with an aggressive approach and impressive overall knowledge , makes him a true game - changer .
Managers rated Jennings as the best and fastest baserunner in the Southern League , as well as the best defensive outfielder and most exciting player .
He has a live , athletic frame and five - tool talent that should continue to improve with experience . ”
Now , look at the team ’s right field situation .
Gabe Kapler and Matt Joyce ?
Yes , Joyce has potential but is it anything close to that of Jennings ?
I think not .
How about the DH job , where Pat Burrell is manning the spot ?
The opportunity should be there , it ’s just a matter of time .
That makes him a player worth stashing in all formats , if you have the space .
Chances are , in keeper leagues , he ’s not available , but if he is , do n’t hesitate .
He ’ll likely be manning a spot in the Rays outfield by the All - Star Break at the latest .
With the type of upside he has , he could be a fantasy gem by 2011 .
For 2010 , he may not be the best propsect in the game , but with his speed , he ’s clearly a Top Five at worst .
What are your thoughts ?
How good could he be ?
What are you expecting from him in 2010 ?
Make sure to order your copy of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
You can read other recent Prospect Reports including :
Where weight and fat loss is concerned , I favour a relatively low - carbohydrate , high - protein diet on the basis that such diets generally outperform low - fat , carb - rich diets traditionally advocated for weight loss .
A lower - carb diet I think may have particular advantages for diabetics because , well , they have difficulty handling carbohydrate as a result of impaired insulin function ( insulin resistance ) and / or insufficient insulin .
There is a certain logic to the notion that diabetics should be careful consuming the very food type ( carbohydrate ) they have difficulty dealing with .
However , not everyone agrees .
You can see here how Diabetes UK ( the leading diabetes charity in the UK ) specifically recommends against carbohydrate restriction on the basis that :
• glucose from carbohydrate is essential to the body , especially the brain • high fibre carbohydrates , such as wholegrains and fruit , also play an important role in the health of the gut • some carbohydrates may help you to feel fuller for longer after eating
However , glucose can be made from other elements of the diet ( e.g. protein ) which makes the absolute requirement for carbohydrate none at all .
Also , wholegrains are generally rich in insoluble fibre which has been shown to be quite irritant to the gut compared to soluble fibre found plentifully in fruits and vegetables .
But if diabetics are looking for a heathy source of fibre , why not point them to green veg , say , rather than carb - loaded fruit .
And it might be true that carbohydrates can help people feel fuller for longer , but protein has been found to be the most sating macronutrient and does n’t cause wild swings in blood sugar levels ( as many wholegrains do ) either .
Getting back to weight loss , it appears that aerobic exercise is not particularly effective here ( see here for more about this ) .
That is not to say that aerobic exercise is a waste of time – it most certainly is not in my opinion ( it just does not do much to shift surplus pounds ) .
In recent years there has been increasing interest in the idea that resistance exercise ( e.g. weight training ) can help fat loss and improve body composition .
See here for a previous post about a relevant study .
I was interested to read about a recent study in which resistance exercise was tried in a group of obese type 2 diabetics [ 1 ] .
Individuals either performed resistance exercise ( 3 days a week ) or no exercise for 16 weeks .
Each of these groups were further subdivided into groups eating either a conventional high - carbohydrate diet , or a lower - carb , higher protein diet .
The make - up of these diets was as follows :
Conventional diet carb / protein / fat : 53/19/26
Higher protein diet carb / protein / fat : 43/33/22
The diets were ‘ energy - restricted ’ ( about 1400 and 1700 calories a day for women and men respectively ) .
So , in effect , this study had four groups :
1. Conventional diet no exercise
2. Conventional diet plus resistance exercise
3 . Higher protein diet no exercise
4 . Higher protein diet plus resistance exercise
The participants were assessed in a variety of ways including weight loss , fat mass loss and waist circumference .
Overall , the group eating higher protein lost more weight and fat and saw greater reductions in their waist circumference too .
However , these differences were much more marked when comparing the groups who were exercising .
Weight loss for exercisers in the conventional and high protein groups was an average of 10.5 and 13.8 kg respectively
Fat loss for exercisers in the conventional and high protein groups was an average of 7.9 and 11.1 kg respectively
Waist circumference reduction for exercisers in the conventional and high protein groups was an average of 11.3 and 13.7 cm respectively
Looking at the results as a whole , it ’s clear that the group that did the best with regard to these measurements was the one eating less carb , more protein , with resistance exercise on top .
References :
1. Wycherley TP , et al .
A High Protein Diet With Resistance Exercise Training Improves Weight Loss And Body Composition In Overweight And Obese Patients With Type 2 Diabetes .
Diabetes Care 11th February 2010 [ epub ahead of print publication ]
Video : Map makeover
Google Earth may put conventional maps to shame , but its satellite and aerial imagery shows the world as it used to be , rather than as it is .
A new project taps a huge database of ever - updated webcams streaming views from every part of the world to keep the virtual world more up - to - date .
Austin Abrams , a PhD candidate at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , has developed a method to replace the usually static “ skin ” of virtual buildings and other features with images from the Archive of Many Outdoor Scenes ( AMOS ) , a collection of live feeds from nearly 1000 webcams streaming from various sites around the world .
Automatically updated
Drawing on AMOS images , Abrams ’s browser - based application , called Live3D , maps 2D webcam images onto a 3D model of a location or landmark .
For example , at night it clothes the Eiffel Tower in Paris , France , with the same light - studded darkened surface seen by the webcam .
Advertisement
Setting up Live3D to accept a particular camera feed is straightforward .
Using the system ’s web interface , the user outlines a region of the webcam image – the front of a building , for example – by moving the corners of a polygon .
Another window shows the Google Earth view of the scene , complete with its own polygon , where they repeat the process – this time in 3D .
The program then takes whatever appears in the outlined region of the 2D image and warps it to fit the 3D geometry .
After a user has mapped a few 2D regions from a webcam feed onto the 3D surface the software can work backwards from what it can see to deduce exactly where a camera is , making further region assignments easier .
Living scenes
“ We wanted to make Google Earth and geospatial databases a little more alive , ” says Abrams .
With nearly 1000 webcam locations , and multiple points of interest in each video feed , Abrams is appealing for help from web users to flesh out the view .
“ Everything is handled through the web - based form , so even if it ’s your first time using Google Earth , you should be able to use it , ” he says .
You can take part in the project by calibrating one of the uncalibrated webcams at this page .
Kihwan Kim a researcher at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , not involved with Live3D , says that he is impressed with the project ’s use of the AMOS dataset .
Unexposed corners
Late last year , Kim developed a way to augment a virtual Atlanta , Georgia , with 3D people and cars drawn to reflect streaming video of an area .
Although using webcams does n’t provide full - motion video , Live3D is easier for the public to use than other projects , he told New Scientist .
Although the size of the AMOS database allows large areas to be updated “ live ” , Abrams and Kim agree that a richly detailed real - time virtual world is still years away .
“ You ’d be surprised at how many places on the Earth are not monitored by webcams , ” says Abrams .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 10
Explanation :
Why does a volcanic eruption sometimes create lightning ?
Pictured above , the Sakurajima volcano in southern Japan was caught erupting early last month .
Magma bubbles so hot they glow shoot away as liquid rock bursts through the Earth 's surface from below .
The above image is particularly notable , however , for the lightning bolts caught near the volcano 's summit .
Why lightning occurs even in common thunderstorms remains a topic of research , and the cause of volcanic lightning is even less clear .
Surely , lightning bolts help quench areas of opposite but separated electric charges .
One hypothesis holds that catapulting magma bubbles or volcanic ash are themselves electrically charged , and by their motion create these separated areas .
Other volcanic lightning episodes may be facilitated by charge - inducing collisions in volcanic dust .
Lightning is usually occurring somewhere on Earth , typically over 40 times each second .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
When the Scientific Revolution began to disprove past ideals and new ideas were shown to the masses , many Europeans experienced trepidation .
Despite the advances in science and the efforts of the scientists of the sixteenth and seventeenth century to demonstrate that the world and universe were governed by discernible laws , the Scientific Revolution had little impact on the everyday lives and thoughts of the mass of European citizens .
Despite the breakthroughs made in astronomy and physics , most Europeans retained a belief in astrology , mystical processes , ghosts , and magic .
German princes often relied on court astrologers as their closest advisers .
Indeed , even Johannes Kepler sought to confirm the power of astrology with the results of his work , though he proved unable to do so .
Advances in medical theory that proved that there were serious misconceptions about the human body , however many Europeans widely adhered to previous beliefs set forth by Galen .
Galen 's theory that the human body contained four major fluids -- blood , yellow bile , black bile , and phlegm - and that if one of the four fluids were present in too little or too great an amount , predictable illness would result .
The most widely experienced materialization of this theory was the use of leeches in the act of bloodletting ,
Galen 's hypothesis that the body had two blood systems and diseases could be cured by looking deeper into the four humors in the body proved to be grossly erroneous , however the Galen principles were still strictly adhered to in medical schools .
Europeans had often turned to the church for guidance , and so it seems , the church was able to tell people what to belief .
When the discoveries of the Scientific Revolution overturned the tenets of traditional belief systems were only gradually accepted by the general population , and were often rejected by those who found their traditional beliefs easier to comprehend .
To put it plainly , Europeans did not want to complicate their lives by thinking outside the realm of what they had been taught in the church .
The common people had traditions of thinking and a belief system that that made their living situation stable and their quality of life was almost commonplace .
The Scientific Revolution would single - handed prove that their goals or traditions were no longer valid , and this was not something they took lightly .
When Europeans experienced the events of the Scientific Revolution they looked upon it as a changing world , although not always open to the origins of the scientific changes .
The Revolution became part of society without many even noticing , however for those that did , it was a time of enlightenment .
Galileo
Galileo Galilei was an Italian that changed the way people saw the Earth and outer space .
He discovered that we orbited the sun and not the other way around .
He also discovered several moons of Jupiter and the rings of Saturn .
He might be one of the most important astronomers in the 17th century .
Because of his findings , he was in danger because of the Spanish Inquisition because of the book he wrote arguing against the Copernican theory hypothetically .
Galileo learned of new devices in the Netherlands and improved their ability to see distant bodies in space , the telescope .
There was a huge discourse between Martin Luther and the Lutheran Church and the Catholic Church at the time , and Galileo was placed under house arrest for his publishing of his book .
Johannes Kepler
Johannes Kepler is another important astronomer and scientist of the 17th century .
Kepler believed that the planets orbited the sun also , and was widely criticized at first .
He also discovered and believed that the orbits of the planets were not a perfect circle .
He discovered that Mars did not orbit as Copernicus had thought , but in a retrograde motion .
The fact that planets travel on elliptical paths is known as Kepler 's First Law .
This was known as the Martian problem that no one at the time could account for .
Kepler was the first to discover that not all planets orbited the sun in the same way , circular or elliptical .
Kepler discovered that not all planets moved around the sun at the same speed , this was known as Kepler ’s second law .
A decade later , Kepler would discover his third law .
This law recognized the relationship between planets , the different times it takes planets to orbit the sun .
Kepler also calculated the birth year of Christ , another amazing discovery of Johannes Kepler .
Today , amateur radio operators , astronomers and satellite watchers all use what is known as Keplerian Data to figure out the exact track of satellites .
More Kepler Discoveries
Johannes kepler went beyond astronomy and math with his discoveries , he also discovered many other valuable tools that we all use today .
He was the first to determine that refraction drives vision in the eye , and that using two eyes enables depth perception .
He created eyeglasses for both near and farsightedness , and explained how a telescope worked .
He described images and magnification , and understood the properties of reflection .
All in all , these scientists were very amazing during the 17th century .
Australia is a sports - mad country that is home to some of the world ’s rowdiest fans .
Whether it ’s cricket , tennis , Australian rules football , rugby or basketball , if Australia is playing you can bet that there will be an inordinate amount of noise coming from Australian fans .
So when Andrew Bogut , the Bucks ’ Australian - born center , looked around the Bradley Center in Milwaukee last season and saw the anemic crowd participation , you could imagine his disappointment .
“ We know we ’re a small market , ” Bogut said in a telephone interview , “ and with the way the economy is , it ’s sometimes hard for us to get 15,000 fans on a Wednesday night .
A lot of times it was very , very quiet . ”
This season , Bogut decided to do something about it .
He bought 100 lower - level seats for every home game and gave them to fans who he was certain would raise the decibel level at the Bradley Center .
The result was Squad 6 , a wild cluster of standing , chanting and screaming fans decked out in wigs , sombreros and even a man brandishing a wrestling - style championship belt .
“ I thought it would be better just to get an atmosphere created in there , ” Bogut said .
“ It ’s only 100 people , but the noise they make sounds like 1,000 .
It gives us some energy to feed off . ”
The Bucks ’ staff and Bogut , who wears No. 6 , held three rounds of auditions for fans wanting to join the section .
The first two were in October before the start of the season and the third was held outdoors in the cold last Sunday .
Some of the highlights included two young men in matching Christmas sweaters pounding on pots and pans , a woman screaming that she was “ over ” Charlie Villanueva ( who left the Bucks for the Pistons in the off - season ) , numerous “ Aussie , Aussie , Aussie , oi , oi , oi ” chants , and some of the worst rapping ever .
All those acts were apparently accepted into Section 6 .
( Video of the tryouts can be found at NBA.com / bucks . )
Although the Bucks are .500 , a closer look at their record may prove that Squad 6 is having an effect .
Milwaukee is 2 - 8 on the road but 9 - 3 at home .
The Dallas owner Mark Cuban said this about Squad 6 on Twitter : “ Those fans were the most fun fans I have seen on the road EVER .
It made the atmosphere 100x better .
More P.B.R. for them . ”
It ’s not all fun and games in Squad 6 , however .
Each fan essentially agrees to stand and cheer from tip - off to the final buzzer , and attendance is mandatory ; miss too many games and you will lose your free seat .
So far , no one has been removed .
Asked if the cheers coming from Squad 6 ever made him laugh on the court , Bogut laughed and said , “ All the time . ”
His personal favorite ?
“ When Joakim Noah was at the free - throw line and they were all singing ‘ Dude Looks Like a Lady , ’  ” Bogut said .
Positive Signs of Love
In a season that was over before it started , all the Minnesota Timberwolves could do was look for positive signs for the future .
One man the Timberwolves could look to was Kevin Love , the second - year forward out of U.C.L.A .
He has been dominating in five games since returning from a broken hand .
Coming off the bench in his first four games before starting Friday , Love has been a per-minute sensation .
His average of 13.2 points a game is n’t overly impressive , but it jumps to 22.2 points when taken over 48 minutes .
For comparison , O.J. Mayo of the Grizzlies is scoring 17.6 points a game and 22.4 per 48 minutes .
Where Love has excelled is rebounding .
He is averaging 11.6 rebounds , which translates to 19.5 per 48 minutes .
The league leader , Dwight Howard , pulls down 17.3 per 48 .
BEN HOFFMAN
Away in Pegasus and 225 million light years from Earth , a barred spiral galaxy designated as NGC 7771 spans across 164,000 light years of space .
It is a part of a small galaxy group consisting of lenticular galaxy NGC 7770 to the south and edge - on NGC 7771A to the west connected to magnificent spiral NGC 7769 .
But horsefeathers does n’t mean this little clump of galactic partners is nonsense …
Horsefeathers are what we need to make an intergalactic duster just to see them !
“ This interacting group of galaxies reside behind an amazing amount of foreground dust .
This high latitude dust reflects the light from our own galaxy . ” says astrophotographer , Ken Crawford .
“ This dust makes color changes by scattering light , especially blue light making image processing a challenge .
This dust is very faint and I enhanced it to make it easier to see its interesting structures . ”
Not only does looking through a dust cloud make imaging galactic structure more difficult , but it also makes studying galactic structure more difficult , too .
“ We present a multiwavelength study of the interacting starburst galaxy NGC 7771 , including new optical and ultraviolet spectra and a previously unpublished soft X - ray ROSAT image and spectrum .
The FIR , radio , and X - ray fluxes suggest that a massive burst of star formation is currently in progress , but the small equivalent width of the Balmer emission lines , the weak UV flux , the low abundance of ionized oxygen , and the shape of the optical spectrum lead us to conclude that there are few O stars .
This might normally suggest that star formation has ceased , but the barred gravitational potential and large gas reserves of the galaxy imply that this should not be so , and we therefore consider other explanations . ” says Richard Davies , et al .
“ We argue that the observations can not be due to effects of geometry , density - bounded nebulae , or dust within the nebulae , and conclude that a truncated IMF is required .
The dwarf galaxy NGC 7770 appears to be in the initial stages of a merger with NGC 7771 , and the resulting tidal perturbations may have induced the apparent two - armed spiral pattern , and driven a substantial fraction of the disk gas inwards .
The presence of a bulge in NGC 7771 may be moderating the starburst so that , while still occurring on a large scale with a supernova rate of 0.8 - 1 / yr , it is less violent and the IMF has a relatively low upper mass limit .
We find that there is a cluster of stars obscuring part of the starburst region , and we offer an explanation of its origin . ”
Through Ken ’s mastery of imaging , we do n’t need quite such sophisticated equipment to take a look at all the action going on with the NGC 7771 grouping .
The primary galaxy ’s well known starburst ring easily distinguishes itself and the tidal tails of its interacting companions come to light .
Is it possible this giant molecular dust cloud could be contributing to the rapid formation of stars ?
Or …
Is the region itself causing all the dust ?
“ Many statistical studies of interacting galaxies have shown that galaxy interactions can enhance star - forming activity .
Luminous infrared galaxies are galaxies which emit the bulk of their energy in the far - infrared ( FIR ) and often show signs of interaction , such as tidal tails , multiple nuclei , or disturbed outer envelopes .
LIRGs are considered to be extreme objects , where strong starbursts are induced by galaxy interactions , because in many such objects star formation can account for the infrared emission . ” says T. Hattori ( et al ) .
“ Theoretical work supports the idea that interactions play an important role in stimulating starbursts in galaxies .
Numerical simulations of merging gas - rich spiral galaxies show that during the merging process , gas clouds lose their angular momentum and flow into the circumnuclear region of the host galaxies .
The resulting high concentration of molecular gas can fuel star - formation activity in the circumnuclear region .
This is consistent with compact nuclear starbursts and gas condensation in ultra-luminous infrared galaxies observed in mid-infrared .
Therefore , a nuclear starburst triggered by gas inflow has generally been assumed to be the mechanism for producing enhanced star formation in interacting galaxies . ”
Although it sounds good in theory , the reality check is the dust is between us and the galaxy grouping – like a thin fog seen at a great distance .
Says Ken ,
“ The interesting fact is this dust is illuminated by our own galaxy and reflected back to us .
This dust scatters light , especially the blue light and this scattering is called light extinction .
Light extinction plays havoc on color balance when it is this prominent and it makes processing a challenge . ”
It ’s a challenge we ’re glad you took on …
Because the results are amazing !
Many thanks to outstanding astrophotographer Ken Crawford for sharing his amazing work with us …
C&L and other blogs have been documenting Fox News ' use of misleading and false graphics for years .
Usually , when a Republican gets in trouble or falls out of good graces , they mislabel them as Democrats -- but over the past few days Media Matters has caught some real stinkers that makes one wonder if they really are , just that bad :
Almost three months to the day since Fox News instituted its " zero tolerance for on - screen errors " policy , the following on - screen graphic was displayed during the February 22 edition of America 's Newsroom : Read on ...
Why does Fox News hate J.D. Hayworth ?
Is n't he the fluffernutter candidate who makes Senator John McCain look like a die hard progressive ?
To make matters worse , the very next day , Media Matter caught another goof .
Is Rupert Murdoch so cheap he wo n't spring for basic spell check software ?
Restaurant Management , Operations and Marketing Checklist
This Checklist provides the best " Recipe " for improving your Restaurant 's operations - Easily and Cost effectively .
Introduction : This Checklist a powerful self - assessment management tool that an owner or manager can efficiently utilize to conduct an operational evaluation of their Restaurant .
The Restaurant Self - Assessment Checklist has over 1,300 different tactics , strategies , and action items to be considered and evaluated - - all organized in a logical , easy - to - use process that features thirty ( 30 ) different profit - producing modules ranging from Restaurant Image to Customer Service to Operations management !
The evaluation process is NOT one of those " simple " or " quick and easy " assessments that result in a cursory overview , provides little or no direction for improvement , or is a " complete waste of your time and money " .
Instead , the evaluation process is quite thorough , provides a careful , thoughtful analysis , and identifies numerous opportunities for improving your Restaurant 's operations .
For ONLY a small investment of $ 97.00 , this Checklist is designed for the serious business owner or manager who truly desires to evolve their Restaurant to the next level of growth and profitability !
Important Benefits :
This Checklist is an easy - to - use , comprehensive workbook that will help you and / or your Restaurant 's Manager improve your restaurant 's profitability - Quickly and Easily !
The Restaurant Self - Assessment Checklist features the following benefits : 1,093 different tactics , strategies , and action items to be considered and evaluated - all designed to improve your Restaurant 's PROFITABILITY !
Thirty ( 30 ) different profit - producing categories ranging from Restaurant Image to Customer Service to Operations management !
A step - by - step process to evaluate all aspects of your Restaurant 's operations and eliminate inefficient , ineffective processes and procedures !
A practical , down - to - earth , road map that can be easily utilized by the owner or delegated to a manager or key employee !
A low - cost investment of ONLY $ 97.00 with a high - yield ROI and includes Instant Download after Credit Card Verification !
with a high - yield ROI and includes !
Developed by an experienced Business Consultant who has worked with hundreds of small businesses , many of which were Restaurants .
Developed over a two year period working with Restaurant Owners who tested the Checklist and provided valuable development suggestions .
Saves you valuable time because it will help you quickly identify and eliminate inefficient procedures and tactics .
Saves you lots of $ $ $ $ $ $$ because it costs far less than one hour of a Consultant 's billable time .
because it costs far less than one hour of a Consultant 's billable time .
Saves you lots of $ $ $ $ $ $$ because you do n't have to develop an evaluation process - it already exists .
And , it works !
because you do n't have to develop an evaluation process - it already exists .
And , it works !
Can be used as an employee developent tool - give this checklist to a key employee or manager to perform the assessment for you .
Helps you spot and avoid the Red Flags that spell D - I - S - A - S - T - E - R .
that spell D - I - S - A - S - T - E - R. Focused primarily on helping YOU become a more profit oriented Owner / Manager .
become a more profit oriented Owner / Manager .
Organizes all of the most important action items for improving profitability in one convenient workbook .
Includes a section entitled Restaurant Horror Stories describing over a dozen actual vignettes of mistakes restaurants of all sizes make that " drive away " good customers .
The lessons contained therein are poignant and serve as a guide for " what NOT to do " to your customers !
describing over a dozen actual vignettes of mistakes restaurants of all sizes make that " drive away " good customers .
The lessons contained therein are poignant and serve as a guide for " what NOT to do " to your customers !
Includes a chapter on Taking Care of Your Most Valuable Asset - YOU the Owner !
the Owner !
Gives you " Peace of Mind " by knowing that you made an intelligent , informed decision to utilize an effective , efficient process that will improve your Restaurant 's operations this year !
And , much , much more !
Who Is This For ?
This Checklist is designed for the serious owner or manager who truly desires to evolve their Restaurant to the next level of growth and profitability .
Most of the 1,093 tactics and strategies can be applied toward any type or size restaurant .
Some are best utilized with small restaurants while some are better suited for larger restaurants .
Some tactics and strategies are free ; many have a minimal cost , while a few may require a small investment .
Some require only an attitudinal change while others may require a change in a process or a procedure .
However , all of the 1,093 topics merit your thoughtful consideration as you begin to develop a strategy for implementing a " continuous improvement process " for your restaurant .
Competitive Advantage :
As it is with your restaurant , your competitors are also looking for opportunities where they can find marketing or cost advantages .
If you do n't take pre-emptive action to improve your business on a regular basis , your competition will leave you behind in the marketplace .
Revenue , profitability , and customer satisfaction will then suffer .
However , implementing one or two minor improvements based upon the self - assessment checklist could possibly result in 10X , 20X or 100X return on both the time and money you have invested in this process .
Make an investment in both yourself and your business by purchasing this checklist , and then conduct the assessment !
Your customers will be glad you did .
And , when the results show on your bottom line , you will be glad you did also .
Based on my Business Consulting Experience !
The Restaurant Self - Assessment Checklist is based upon my personal experience working with hundreds of small businesses .
As a business consultant for both the City of Portsmouth , NH and Somersworth , NH for 8 years , I advised over 500 small business owners , many of which were restaurants .
Many of these small business owners participated in the two year development process of this checklist by testing it several times and providing valuable , real - world input .
Now you can also improve your operations , and , hence , your profitability when you actively apply the tactics contained in this checklist !
How to Use :
The assessment process is quite thorough and does require a small investment of your time .
However , it is important to emphasize that it is not necessary to complete the assessment in one sitting , in one day , in one week or even in one month .
Selecting one , two , three or more of the major categories in this document as a priority on which to focus can be a more practical approach than trying to " do it all " at one time .
Also , you may want to consider a methodical process whereby you and / or your management team ( or a key employee ) conducts the assessment using a different module each week .
This checklist can serve as an important business reference manual that can be utilized time and time again on an as needed basis on your personal timetable .
Two - for - One : Each of the 30 modules has a simple , but thorough , two - part process .
The first part of the assessment process entitled ASSESSMENT will rapidly isolate any problem areas and identify opportunities for quickly improving your operations .
This process is thought - provoking and will no doubt stimulate a lot of new ideas for you , or if you have a management team , will generate much discussion among them .
The second part entitled IMPLEMENTATION is a management process that will help you prioritize and manage the implementation of any tactic or strategy as well as identify the " action items " that will have the biggest impact on your profitability .
Value : Conducting the self - assessment will have an immediate impact on both customer service and profitability .
Conducting the self - assessment process on a quarterly or semi-annual basis will help keep you focused on your Restaurant 's long - term objectives .
Sharing the results of this self - assessment process with your employees and assigning them a specific problem to address can be a valuable training exercise and / or employee development tool .
If a number of problems have been identified , it will be important to prioritize your actions based upon the highest and best return that can be achieved for the amount of investment you can make at this time .
Additionally , comparing a previous quarter 's results with the current quarterly performance will determine the rate of progress you have made in each area .
Committing to conducting such an assessment on a regular basis will result in a continual improvement process that in turn will result in a higher level of customer satisfaction and restaurant profitability .
When to Use : In every business operation , opportunities abound for improvement .
Increasing revenue , improving customer relations , and reducing costs are three critical elements for improving long - term profitability .
A comprehensive self - assessment process , such as this one , will keep you focused on your mission , the three critical elements , and on maintaining your profitability .
It is envisioned this checklist can be used in one of six ways : 1 . You can use this tool to personally conduct an assessment of your restaurant .
2 . You can assign one of your managers ( or a key employee ) the task of conducting the assessment as part of an overall employee development process .
3 . You can have a Board Member , a Management Advisory Committee Member , or a trusted advisor conduct the assessment .
4 . You , or a key employee , can conduct a partial assessment of your restaurant by using one , two , three or more of the major categories in this document to focus specifically on a problem (s ) previously identified by yourself , an employee , or a customer .
5 . You can utilize an independent consultant to conduct this assessment for you .
However , that would defeat the purpose of a self - assessment program .
A do - it - yourself process can save you many thousands of dollars in consulting fees , and , the truth is , you could probably conduct a much better evaluation yourself .
Once you have identified a problem area( s ) , you may then want to engage an experienced consultant or specialist on a short - term basis to help with these specific areas .
Satisfaction Guaranteed - 100 % Risk Free : Still not sure this Checklist will help you and your Restaurant ?
Well , I want you to feel completely comfortable before you order .
Therefore , I would encourage you to continue exploring my website where you will find more information regarding Jaguar Consulting , Inc. , our services , testimonials , additional profit - building Business Checklists , White Papers , and other reassuring information .
Since I know from personal experience that the information contained in this Checklist is so valuable , I will personally guarantee your satisfaction !
The Restaurant Self - Assessment Checklist comes with a No- Questions - Asked , No-Hassle , THREE MONTH MONEY BACK GUARANTEE .
If you honestly feel that if after applying this Checklist to your Restaurant business it has n't helped improve your Restaurant 's operations , has n't helped improve efficiency , has n't saved you time or money , and has n't made you a more profit oriented Owner or Manager , then just return the Checklist PDF ( and all copies ) by email anytime within the next 90 days and we will refund the $ 97.00 you paid ( NOTE :
This guarantee is for restaurant owners or managers ONLY - - no refunds for consultants , students , educators , or curiosity seekers ) .
Satisfaction Guaranteed !
Instant Download after Credit Card Verification !
Quantity Discounts : Volume pricing at substantially reduced discounts off the retail price based on print quantities is available if you have multiple restaurant locations , anticipate frequent usage of the checklists , or are part on an organization that provides goods or services to restaurants and would like to use the checklist as a marketing / business development tool .
Additionally , the opportunity to " brand " the Restaurant Self - Assessment Checklist with your company 's cover page , letter of introduction , and your logo is available .
OUTLINE
RESTAURANT SELF -ASSESSMENT
CHECKLIST I. Restaurant Image .
19 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : II .
Restaurant Appearance - Exterior .
26 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : III .
Valet Parking .
15 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : IV .
Front Lobby and Hostess Station .
28 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : V. Restrooms .
19 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : VI .
Bar and Lounge Area .
A. Lounge Area .
15 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Service .
16 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
C. Bar Management .
29 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
D. Bar and Glassware Sanitation .
18 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : VII .
Emergency Procedures .
16 Tactics to be Evaluated : VIII .
Guest Dining Areas .
A. Dining Area Décor .
17 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Dining Area Management .
11 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
C. Service .
29 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : IX .
Employee Areas .
A. Employee Wash Stations .
5 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Employee Dining Area .
5 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
C. Personal Hygiene Practices .
10 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : X. Cooking and Food Processing Areas .
A. Food Production and Presentation .
22 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Equipment for Food Processing .
25 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
C. Cooking and Equipment Ventilation .
22 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
D Fry Station .
11 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
E. Broiler .
6 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
F. Saute
8 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
G. Window .
6 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
H. Salad Prep .
5 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XI .
Dish Machine and Pot Sink Procedures .
A. Dish Machine and Pot Sink Area .
36 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Pot Sink Operation .
9 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XII .
Cold Storage Area .
A. Walk - In Freezer .
16 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Walk - In Refrigerator .
17 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XIII .
Catered Functions .
10 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XIV .
Techniques That Make It Easy for Customers to Dine .
45 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XV .
Quality and Cost Control .
25 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XVI .
Employee Marketing and Sales Attitudes .
31 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XVII .
Employee Policies .
40 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XVIII .
How to Compete with the Fast Food chains .
44 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XIX .
General Restaurant Maintenance .
A. Dumpster and Trash Area .
7 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
B. Parking Area .
6 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
C. Pest Control .
6 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
D. Roof Area .
5 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
E. Safety .
14 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
F. Interior .
7 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
G. Exterior .
10 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XX .
General Management Techniques .
51 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXI .
" Behind the Scenes " Management .
37 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXII .
Purchasing Techniques .
47 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXIII .
Advertising Techniques .
33 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXIV .
Direct Marketing Techniques .
49 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXV .
Indirect Marketing Techniques .
34 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXVI .
Techniques That Support the Sales and Marketing Process .
22 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXVII .
Strategies That Attract Attention .
25 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXVIII .
Other Profitable Marketing Techniques .
23 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXIX .
Evaluate All Outside Services for Effectiveness .
32 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated : XXX .
Protect Your Restaurant 's Most Valuable Asset - Yourself .
29 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated :
Despite growing worries about a future surge in inflation , consumer prices barely budged last month and fell for all of 2009 -- the first annual decline in more than half a century .
The latest report on the consumer price index , released Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics , increases the likelihood that Federal Reserve officials at their next meeting later this month will stand pat on their policy of setting interest rates at near zero for “ an extended period . ”
In recent weeks , there have been increasing signs of a split at the Fed over how soon the central bank should begin tightening credit and monetary policy to avoid a future outbreak of inflation .
Some officials want to start raising rates relatively soon , while most see no hurry to change course amid double - digit unemployment and little growth in prices .
And there appears to be little or no support for a pull - back in the immediate future .
“ The Fed is correct in its analysis of inflation , and should be more worried about unemployment than inflation at this stage of the game , ” Diane Swonk , chief economist at Mesirow Financial , wrote in a research note .
In December , consumer prices edged up just 0.1 % from November , and they were up 2.7 % from a year earlier .
Stripping out food and energy prices , which tend to be volatile , consumer prices were up a modest 1.7 % over the 12 - month period .
Averaging all the months last year , the government said , the price index fell 0.4 % from 2008 .
The last time this measure dropped was in 1955 when Dwight D. Eisenhower was president and Ray Kroc opened his first McDonald ’s restaurant .
Back then , unemployment was below 5 % and the economy was creating hundreds of thousands of jobs a month .
Last year was a different story .
The fall in the consumer price index largely stemmed from lower oil prices and underscored the deep recession that also held down wages and led to outright price declines for certain goods , such as personal computers and used cars , as well as for services such as lodging .
“ It ’s good news for consumers ; inflation was low , ” said Nigel Gault , an economist at IHS Global Insight .
But the bad news , he said , was that fewer people in America had jobs , and wages overall barely kept pace .
Gault reckons this year wo n’t be any better for consumers .
He sees overall prices rising 1.7 % this year , and core inflation , which excludes food and energy , turning up just 1.5 % .
But wages will probably increase at a similarly modest rate , meaning most consumers wo n’t see gains in their buying power .
With high unemployment and sluggish consumer demand , businesses will find it tough to raise prices .
Even with the recession technically over , consumers remain very cautious .
And some analysts expect inflation to slip even lower than 1.5 % this year , considerably below the Fed ’s target inflation rate of 2 % .
So why the heated debate over inflation ?
The main concerns have to do with the inflation outlook beyond the next year or two .
Many worry about the long - term effects of low borrowing rates , the Fed ’s emergency stimulus programs that have pumped billions of dollars into the economy and the massive federal budget deficit -- ingredients that could fuel inflation as the economy recovers .
For now , Fed policymakers and many other economists think it would be far more risky to withdraw stimulus dollars and raise rates too early than to leave things alone , given the fragility of the recovery and the slack in the economy .
In a separate report Friday , the Fed said industrial production rose 0.6 % last month , powered by gains at utilities as the weather turned cold .
But manufacturing production declined 0.1 % over the month .
And the amount of production capability being used , one measure of resource slack , edged only slightly higher in December to 72 % , well below the pre-recession level of almost 80 % .
don.lee@latimes.com
Sept. 30 , 2020 , Armenian solders guard their position in the self - proclaimed Republic of Nagorno - Karabakh , Azerbaijan .
Armenia 's Foreign Ministry in a statement " completely " denied reports of shelling ...
31.4 % spring slide for a US economy likely to shrink in 2020
Lily Collins is an expat in Paris in new Netflix series
An email service tailored to your needs
Looking for a new email service where you can get the perfect free email address ?
Then you have come to the right place !
At mail.com our email website allows you to choose from over 200 domains when you create an email address .
Sign up now or read more about our mail products below .
Email apps : Experience the convenience of accessing your mail via your smartphone .
Webmail : Our webmail contains a range of great features e.g. unlimited email storage .
Antivirus : Our advanced antivirus software protects your inbox from viruses .
Email domains :
You can select from more than 200 domains when you create your free email address .
Our premium email product
After you have signed up with mail.com and received your email account login , it is possible to upgrade to premium for an even better email experience .
A premium account includes , among other features , the possibility to forward your mails to another email address via POP3 / IMAP .
You can read more about our premium product here .
About mail.com
mail.com was launched in 1995 with the goal of providing unparalleled email functionality to our customers .
Besides our email service we also offer news content , and on our website you will find the latest entertainment news , sport news , tech news and business news .
Need help ?
Please feel free to visit our mail.com support pages anytime .
Register your new email account here – It ’s free !
Bottled water waste is an epidemic in America , with 1.5 million barrels of oil going to making plastic bottles every year .
That ’s enough fuel to run 100,000 cars and only about 23 % of the 50 billion bottles used every year are recycled in this country .
So finding greener ways to hydrate while on the go is a great way to go green — and save money !
Healthier beverages are also important if you are concerned about your physical well - being .
Most sweet bottled beverages contain high - calorie , high - fructose corn syrup , which is a big contributor to our nation ’s obesity problem .
Choosing a beverage that ’s low on calories and high on nutrition helps to ease the problems with unhealthy conventional products .
1. Reusable Bottles
Regardless of your beverage choice — juice , soda , water , coffee , tea — do your best to cart a reusable bottle along for the ride to minimize your drinking - related waste .
Today , there are dozens of models and types of reusable bottles made from glass , stainless steel , and BPA - free plastic .
Get one for hot drinks ( insulated stainless steel ) , one or two for your cold beverages .
ReusableBags.com has a wide selection .
2. SodaStream Home Soda Maker
If you ’re a soda lover , try making your own pop with a Soda - Club Fountain Jet Home Soda Maker .
You buy some flavor and carbonation cartridges , plug them into the electricity - and battery - free machine , and you ’re off the races .
The flavor combinations are nearly endless and you can control how sweet each drink is .
Put some in your reusable bottle for that picnic you ’re going on to reduce your waste .
3. bot beverages
If you ca n’t live without a bottled beverage option , then go for bot Water .
This healthy alternative to sugary , sweet juices is made without high fructose corn syrup , artificial flavors , preservatives , and are sweetened with pure cane sugar , giving it only 25 calories per serving .
Plus , it ’s loaded with vitamins B3 , B5 , B6 , and B12 as well as antioxidants and electrolytes .
To top it all off , bot Water is a member of 1 % For The Planet , an organization to which many companies give money to help preserve the environment .
4. Honest Tea Beverages
Honest Tea Beverages are packaged in bottles that are 22 % lighter than their previous bottles .
The ingredients for their beverages are USDA Certified Organic , which ensures that they ’re not full of pesticides and other agricultural chemicals .
Not only that but they ’re made with no added sugar , and some of them contain no sugar at all ( some are calorie - free , while others contain as few as 50 calories ) .
And because many of this world ’s teas are made with imported tea leaves , Honest Tea also uses Fair Trade Certified ingredients .
Plus , they donate to several charitable causes .
5. Guayaki Yerba Mate Bottled Beverages
Made with South American rainforest holly tree leaves , Guayaki ’s Yerba Mate bottled beverages are another great option , especially since it contains only 54 calories .
The operations of the company are powered by Green Mountain Energy ( solar power ) , which offsets 55 tons of corporate carbon dioxide , making their drinks a lower - carbon option .
They also abide by several environmental and social protocols .
The ingredients are USDA Certified Organic and Fair Trade Certified .
They also maintain kosher standards and are certified kosher from Kosher Supervision of America .
6. GuS Beverages
GuS is the soda for adults ( grown - up sodas ) .
It ’s made with kosher , natural ingredients as well as cane sugar and real fruit juice .
Plus it ’s made without preservatives and without caffeine .
Over the past couple of years , the medical marijuana industry in Los Angeles has exploded .
Estimates vary , but there may be as many as 800 dispensaries currently open for business in the city of angels .
An ordinance recently passed by the LA city council , however , is about to change all that .
The new ordinance will force hundreds of dispensaries to close and all but a few to relocate .
The goal was to bring clarity to the medical marijuana industry , but the only thing that 's clear is that the transition process will be difficult .
Especially now that the DEA has begun raiding dispensaries again despite the promises made by the Obama administration .
While federal , state and local governments struggle to make sense of medical marijuana laws , an increasing number of Californians support a completely different approach : marijuana legalization .
Nothing more than a pipe dream ?
Maybe .
But consider this :
Fixty - six percent of Californians currently support pot legalization , the same proportion of Californians who voted for the Compassionate Use Act , which legalized medical marijuana , back in 1996 .
Produced by Paul Feine .
Shot and edited by Alex Manning .
Graphics by Hawk Jensen .
Hosted by Nick Gillespie .
Approximately 9 minutes .
Go to Reason.tv for iPod , HD , and audio versions of this and all other videos .
Watch it at Reason.tv's YouTube channel ( subscribe and receive automatic notification when new material goes live ! ) .
Developer Pack
Hard - core web developers
Own everything you would need to create an online web presence in one epic value - saving package .
Build a site , add custom web forms , apply some SEO spice , then notify your audience with custom emails .
Buy Now for $ 199 Learn More
If you buy the apps individually it will cost $ 937 .
That is more than 79 % of savings !
An editorial in today 's Wall Street Journal argues that Apple 's love of strategy has overclouded its passion for products .
Is Holman Jenkins right that Apple is the new Microsoft , and iTunes is the new Windows ?
Advertisement
Obviously , the companies are so inherently different both culturally and strategically that it 's easy to dismiss Jenkins ' claim out of hand .
But there 's at least one strong point here : Apple 's refusal to incorporate Flash may hamper the iPhone 's capabilities , but it forces users to go to iTunes for content they could otherwise get for free on Hulu .
As Jenkins says :
Here 's the bigger worry .
Apple may be succumbing to the seductive temptations of " network effects , " in which the all - consuming goal becomes getting its mobile devices into more and more hands simply for the purpose of locking more and more users into iTunes .
Advertisement
But has the focus on getting those mobile devices into more and more hands resulted in lower quality products ?
That 's the real issue , and I think the answer has to be no .
Jenkins holds the iPad up as proof of an " increasingly junky " device , but I can't think of anyone who 's actually had a hands - on with it who did n't think it had serious potential .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Is there a chance that Apple will fall off like Microsoft did in the past ?
Sure .
They 've got a closed ecosystem , and they 've shown a willingness to protect that at the cost of consumer benefit .
But until that one example starts showing itself to be a systemic problem , it 's far too early for this comparison to hold water . [ WSJ ]
Residents were alarmed last summer by a rash of thefts , trespasses and burglaries in Stonegate , a neighborhood in Douglas County .
Fear turned to panic in July after an intruder reportedly climbed into a second - story window and groped an 8 - year - old girl in her bed .
A sicko was on the loose and pressure was on to catch him .
A week later , Sheriff David Weaver announced that his office had made an arrest .
What Weaver did n’t say is that the suspect , Tyler Sanchez , a thin 19 - year - old redhead , looks nothing like the 40ish , stockier , brown - haired intruder described by the victim .
What the sheriff left out is that Sanchez has serious cognitive delays .
What the news release failed to mention was that investigators ’ only evidence against him is a short statement that seems to repeat what Sanchez was told about the crime during 17 hours of interrogation by detectives who did n’t seem to catch that he ’s mentally disabled and hearing impaired .
And what prosecutors continue to ignore is the key physical evidence in the case .
Records show underwear the victim says her molester yanked to her knees bears the DNA of two other people : her father and an unknown male .
Neither of the genetic profiles match Sanchez .
The young man who continues to be charged is excluded from the only piece of physical evidence that would tie him to the assault .
Officials have gone too far .
Detectives ’ methods seem coercive at best .
Sanchez ’s so - called confession mirrors details about break - ins that investigators told him as they wore him down during 38 hours with little food or sleep .
What prosecutors say is a pattern of escalating behavior is nothing more than a deferred judgment from a 2007 juvenile graffiti case followed by a probation violation when Sanchez was caught with the smell of alcohol on his breath .
“ This is not an isolated incident , ” prosecutor Brian Sugioka said in court .
“ He said he did these things . ”
District Attorney Carol Chambers ’ office should have dropped the case when the state released its DNA report in November .
Instead , the 18th Judicial District official keeps pressing charges because she says the results do n’t prove anything .
“ With the low - cut jeans that girls wear , she could have picked up anyone ’s DNA off any surface her panties touched while they may have been riding up above her pants .
I hate those low - cut pants , ” Chambers said Friday , swear to God .
“ Depending on how long she had been wearing those panties and where , they could have rubbed up against the back of her chair at school , a restaurant , the couch at home that someone else had been sitting on , a bus seat , someone ’s toilet seat if she did not pull them down far enough — there are many ways to get unknown DNA on clothing .
Another kid could have snapped the elastic on her underwear — kids do that sort of thing . ”
( Take note , all 8 - year - old fashionistas ! )
Meantime , Sanchez is a bird in hand .
He was easy .
And rest assured , good people of Stonegate , the case is apparently cracked for now , at least if you do n’t think about it .
Said Sheriff Weaver in July : “ I hope that the residents of Stonegate feel a lot safer knowing that an arrest has been made and that someone will be held accountable for what occurred . ”
Susan Greene writes Sundays , Tuesdays and Thursdays .
Reach her at 303-954-1989 or greene@denverpost.com .
Some folks were asking about how to hack 16 - bit video game maps into something usable for D&D or other tabletop games .
Here ’s my attempt to outline what I do .
Step 1 : Software
I use Photoshop Elements for Mac .
I used to use an ancient copy of Photoshop 5 LE for Windows .
You do n’t need the full version of PS for this .
Some folks do this in MS Paint , but I prefer something that will draw a grid for you .
There are some cool , free sprite drawing programs like Pixen , but they tend — in my experience — to crash when asked to handle larger images like maps .
Step 2 : Finding Maps to Hack
I use the Video Game Atlas and the Spriters ’ Resource as my two main sites to find low - fi video game images to work from .
There are many other places as well , but those two sites should give you plenty to work from in the beginning .
I suggest you start with a game you love deliriously .
For me , it ’s often Zelda : Minish Cap because it has the most amazing color schemes known to mankind .
Seriously , looking at Lon Lon Ranch is enough to make me want to cry ; it ’s that beautiful .
Step 3 : Pick a Section to Hack , Throw a Grid Up
I grabbed a section of this Zelda dungeon , thinking that this relatively plain room would be a good example .
So I threw up a 16 × 16 pixel grid over it , to get a better sense of how the room was assembled from various 16 × 16 square tiles ( which is almost universally how video game maps are constructed ) .
However , as you can see from the image above , this section of the map is n’t quite aligned to my grid , so the first thing I have to do is fix that .
Step 4 : Align your Source Material with your Grid
When aligning things with your grid , it ’s easiest to look for tiles that are immediately obvious , such as the two square blocks in the middle of the image above .
If I shift the source map just slightly , all of a sudden everything is in alignment and you can begin to analyze how the room is constructed .
I ’m not going to go into that analysis here ( maybe another time ) , but I ’d spend some time looking carefully at the various tiles before jumping right into hacking .
Step 5 : Expand the Grid ( Optional )
For my recent Doppeleffekt 4E game , I decided that I wanted to break the map into 32×32 pixel squares , because they can contain a lot more information and be more varied than 16 × 16 pixel squares ( being composed of 4 of them ) .
This may or may not be the choice you want to make , but I ’m going to approach this example map from that perspective because it ’s somewhat more difficult and lets me show you a few things .
So , in the map above I ’ve expanded my grid to 32 × 32 , so we can figure out what changes need to be made .
Step 6 : Adjust Material to Fit Desired Grid
As you could see from the previous step , our source material did n’t fit as nicely into a 32×32 grid as it did into a 16 × 16 grid , mainly because the dimensions of the original room are 15 tiles x 9 tiles .
However , I want the map I ’m making to be 16 tiles x 10 tiles , or 8×5 squares of 32×32 pixels .
That ’s a lot of numbers to throw at you , but I hope you see what I ’m saying .
In the map above you can see that I ’ve deleted a lot of the unnecessary material around this one room and also shifted portions of the room to fit the new dimensions I have in mind .
Generally speaking , you can often get away with very slight shifts which expand or contract the dimensions of the original material by a tile or two .
More than that and the layout of the original map is subverted a bit too much , requiring more hacking on your part to fix it or even a complete rethinking of the layout of a room .
Step 7 : Assess the Things You Need to Tweak
In the picture above , you can see that I ’ve filled in the holes I ’ve created with the background color of the floor , which makes it easier to look at and see where the major tweaks need to be made .
In this particular case , I have four holes in the walls to patch as well as the two doors which are aligned fairly awkwardly with the grid of the floor .
One more thing that bothers me ( though it may not bother you ) is that the two sets of wall columns are aligned differently with respect to the 32×32 grid and nearby walls , making it look like the ancient architect of the place was snorting too much Magic Powder or just plain incompetent .
So our list of tweaks to make is : wall holes , door alignment , column alignment .
Step 8 : Make Needed Tweaks
So I slide the right door over a bit and then patch the wall beside it by copying tiles from other sections of the wall .
Where I patched the wall on the far left side , I left the selection borders in place so you could see how I patched it .
I copied the tiles from the middle of the top wall , turned them counter - clockwise , and then pasted them over the hole .
Here I shifted the right side columns to match the left .
Fixing the southern door required a bit of thinking .
Because of the dimensions of the room , I could n’t really center it between the columns ( because it would n’t align with the 32×32 squares ) , even though that ’s generally what the architects of Zelda dungeons would do .
In the end , I decided to shift it left , making it clearly off - center instead of slightly off - center .
The former implies a choice on the architect ’s part while the latter implies bad design or poor planning .
Plus , I figured that I could make some slight additions to the room later , showing why that door is off - center .
Step 9 : Make Any Additions You Like
Looking at this relatively plain room , I decided it needed a few small additions to spice it up .
The first was a justification for the southern off - center door , which took the form of those tiny wall stones that block your progress but allow you to make attacks over them ( HtH to the squares immediately on the other side and Ranged anywhere ) .
The second was a sense of purpose for the room in general , something that would allow you to make progress in the dungeon overall , rather than hosting yet another monster fight .
This latter addition took the form of a pull - chain on the far wall , which might add something to the tactics of fighting in the room as well , since players might try to pull the chain before all the monsters in the room were dead .
Step 10 : Playtest
It or Just Play It
If you have time , I ’d suggest playtesting your maps and encounters just like you would if you were releasing a published adventure ( well , with significantly less playtesting than I hope [ though I do n’t believe ] most published adventures get ) .
You can either run the fight by yourself or , better yet , get a single friend to help you run a little 1 - on - 1 battle through the room , to learn more about what you ’ve created ( since everything wo n’t be apparent from just looking at it ) and maybe even inspire you to make a few additional tweaks or additions , if things are n’t quite what you hoped .
Anyway , that ’s my process .
Let me know if you have any questions or suggestions .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Meditation exercises could boost mental toughness in soldiers readying for war , keeping them from becoming overly emotional , according to new research .
The study found that mindfulness training , which teaches people how to stay alert and in the moment without becoming emotional ( giving them a kind of " mental armor " ) , improved the moods of U.S. Marines preparing for deployment to Iraq .
Practicing mindfulness also improved a type of memory that enables people to complete complex mental tasks .
The key is practicing these mindfulness exercises daily , just as you would any other exercise , according to study co-author and University of Pennsylvania cognitive neuroscientist Amishi Jha said in a statement .
The study involved 48 Marines who were headed to Iraq .
During the eight weeks before deployment , 31 of the participants spent two hours in mindfulness training classes each week , while the other 17 men had no mindfulness training .
The Marines , all men , were also assigned " homework " — a 30 - minute mindfulness exercise each day .
The exercises included include focused breathing and meditation - like sessions .
( Past research has found such exercises decrease stress and even prevent relapses in patients with depression . )
During the training , the soldiers answered questionnaires about their moods and took a math and memory test to check their working memory .
Working memory , which allows for short - term retrieval and storage of information , is closely related to the kind of mental control used in mindfulness .
Jha wanted to know if mindfulness would improve soldiers ' ability to control emotion by improving working memory .
The stress of deployment did decrease the Marines ' working memory , Jha found .
But those who did their mindfulness homework diligently actually saw a slight increase in working memory capacity .
Compared with soldiers who did n't have the training and those who did n't do their homework , mindfulness practitioners also reportered more positive moods and fewer negative moods .
" Their findings really support the idea that you 've got to work at it for mindfulness to have this positive impact , " Susan Smalley , the director of the Mindful Awareness Research Center at UCLA , told LiveScience .
" You not only have to learn it , but you have to practice it . "
The research did n't offer a definitive answer as to how mindfulness education changes a person 's mood , Smalley said , and more studies are needed to find out if the results can be replicated in larger groups of people .
If further research comes to similar conclusions , mindfulness could be used to prepare for typical life stressors , like care - giving for an elderly parent or giving birth .
The results could also benefit other people who require periods of intensive physical , mental and emotional demands on the job , such as firefighters , police officers , other first responders and crisis workers , the researchers say .
" Mindfulness training might be a nice protective addition to our lifestyles , " Smalley said .
The research was published in the February issue of the journal Emotion .
Matt sez , " With that rocks - for - brains reporter in Boston trying to link campus shooter Amy Bishop 's crimes to Dungeons & Dragons , I thought I 'd take an opportunity to look at the good D&D has done for several writers I know .
This is that article .
By the way , I 've been a D&D player for almost thirty years now , and have been a happier , more productive person for it . "
I have n't played since my early 20s ( late teens ? ) but D&D was an enormously positive influence on my life and imagination .
Jay Lake , the author of ten novels including his most recent , Green , told me that D&D became a big part of his life as boarding school student .
" At boarding school , if you 're good and fast with homework , and deeply socially and athletically inept otherwise , there 's not a lot to do .
I 'd been to seven schools in nine years on three continents when I hit Choate Rosemary Hall , " said Lake .
" I possessed the kind of poor social skills that are almost hip today , but were a recipe for meat - grinder misery in the 1970s when too - smart , too - isolated kids did n't have ready access to the kind of virtual retreats we have today in gaming , programming and online life .
Geek culture at the teen level did n't exist yet , except as a special class of victimhood .
Combine that with a raging case of clinical depression , and I was a disaster waiting to happen . "
Dungeons & Dragons provided a constructive way to pass the time for Lake and his friends .
" The alternate worlds and wild imagination of D&D gave me and my fellow misfits an outlet , and we had dozens upon dozens of hours per week to spend on it .
Where else were we going to go ?
We lived in our high school .
Think about that for a minute .
Six or eight ferociously bright kids - Choate is one of the most academically competitive schools in the nation - with nothing to do but make things up to amuse one another , and D&D providing the framework . "
Although those years have since passed , Lake still credited the game with providing a foundation he has built upon as a successful writer .
" Those three years playing D&D at boarding school did more to ground me in storytelling , plot construction , and sheer , raw imaginative throughput than any other single activity of my life .
Today I 'm a successful fantasy and science fiction novelist with ten novels and over two hundred short stories in print or on the way .
I might have gotten to this point by a different path , but it would not have been the same journey , "
Writers reminisce about Dungeons & Dragons
( Thanks , Matt ! )
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
While not detailed enough to reveal earthquake damage to houses and buildings , this regional view of Port - Au - Prince , Haiti , on January 15 , 2010 , illustrates some of the physical obstacles that have complicated the job of aid workers in the aftermath of the recent earthquake along the Enriquillo - Plaintain Garden Fault south of the city .
The capital city is densely populated and densely built , with little open space apparent amid the gray pavement and buildings .
With debris filling the streets , it has been difficult for supply trucks to maneuver , according to news reports .
The single port through which large cargo ships can approach the city ( image center ) has been damaged , and the city ’s only landing strip ( top right ) was overwhelmed by the number of flights trying to land and take off .
This image was acquired by the Advanced Land Imager ( ALI ) on NASA ’s Earth Observing - 1 ( EO - 1 ) satellite .
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen , using EO - 1 ALI data provided courtesy of the NASA EO - 1 team .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
For criminy 's sake .
What is it with people and all the rending of garments over the impending doom of NASA ?
First : 1 ) The reports of Spirit 's death are greatly exaggerated .
OK , yes , Spirit is now stuck .
It looks like even if it survives the Martian winter it may no longer be able to traverse the Red Planet 's landscape .
But that does n't mean it 's dead .
Instead of a rover , it 's now a stationary platform capable of doing a lot of science on the cheap ( since most of the cost was getting it there ) .
If you 'd rather not have a lander sitting on the surface of Mars doing science that we simply cannot do from millions of kilometers away on Earth , then fine .
But astronomers and scientists and science journalists should know better .
Stop saying it 's dead .
[ And I can picture Opportunity on the other side of Mars , waving its mast frantically , saying , Hey , remember me ?
Still moving , still doing cool stuff !]
Next , and more importantly :
2 ) The reports of the manned spaceflight 's death are greatly exaggerated .
OK , yes , it does look like ( assuming the rumors are true ) the Obama budget for NASA is cutting out the Constellation rocket program in general and Ares in particular .
But that does n't mean manned spaceflight is dead .
As I said in that above link , private space companies are still a ways off from putting people in orbit .
However , I strongly suspect they 'll be doing it before Ares would 've been ready to do it anyway .
Private companies like Space X may be two years from that , while Ares would n't have been ready for five , assuming NASA could even get Ares ready by the scheduled time and in the assigned budget ( which I would give a chance of , oh , say , precisely 0 ) .
So it 's possible , perhaps even likely , that after the Shuttle retires later this year ( or early next ) companies like Space X will be able to reach the International Space Station with rockets before NASA could .
As far as going back to the Moon , we still do n't know exactly what the budget for NASA will be like , but it was made clear in the leaked reports ( again , assuming they are true ) that money will be spent to look for a better heavy lift vehicle than Ares .
No specifics were given ( though the Commercial Spaceflight Federation says it may be 6 billion bucks , a huge chunk of change ) , so let 's wait until we actually see the report , hmmm ?
Also , a lot of folks thought Ares was a waste of time , money , and with little or no chance of working well .
Heck , the Space Frontier Foundation praises the killing of Ares !
So not only is it unfair to lament the death of manned spaceflight , some people think -- with some evidence , mind you -- this will spur it on even more .
That last sentiment rings true to me .
NASA 's manned program has been endlessly circling the Earth for almost 40 years now , with no real end in sight .
I do n't have a lot of faith , so to speak , that Ares can do the job in breaking this cycle .
I suspect a lot of the same folks who are decrying this move by Obama are the same ones who would be first in line to say that NASA has had its wings cut for decades now , making one bad decision after another when it comes to space exploration .
Maybe it 's time -- maybe it 's long after time -- that we let someone else have a stab at this .
When I look at the Moon , I see a place where people will one day work , live , breathe , play , and explore .
I also see that future receding two years for every year NASA does n't have a rocket to go there , and I 've been watching that movie play for many years now .
I 'm tired of it .
When I look out my window now I see a future I 've been dreaming of my whole life , a future that seems just out of my reach .
When my children , my grandchildren , look out their windows in that future , y'know what I want them to see ?
The blue - green crescent Earth hanging in a pitch black sky over a cratered horizon .
Let 's give space a chance .
We ’ve all heard about the technology behind the SawStop table saw .
A lot of us have even seen the famed hot dog video somewhere on the internet .
I ’m happy a tool like this exists .
I ’m especially happy that we have a SawStop back in the shop here at the office .
But I have to be honest ; I always questioned whether the SawStop would really work if my finger slipped into the blade .
Well , after watching the above clip on YouTube of an episode of the Discovery Channel ’s Time Warp series , my skepticism has been quelled .
SawStop inventor Steve Gass demonstrates how the saw ’s blade - stopping technology works , using his own finger to set off the blade lock .
Do any of you have the SawStop ?
Has anyone tripped the stopping mechanism ?
This video is wild .
Sign up for eletters today and get the latest how - to from Fine Homebuilding , plus special offers .
Sign Up
“ There is evidence from across the world that severe weather conditions can have an impact on conception rates , and it ’s not hard to work out why .
If couples are snowed in and ca n’t leave their house some of them are going to make their own entertainment , ” he said .
In December , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington settled its lawsuit with the White House over missing Bush administration e-mails , and pursuant to that settlement , the White House provided a letter today outlining the system it uses to preserve unclassified e-mails among White House staffers .
It stores them " in an off - site , tight security , location " using EMC Corporation 's EmailXtender ( EX ) system , which alerts the Records Management team if anyone tries to remove an e-mail without authorization ( the White House says this has n't happened so far ) ... the Records Management team would then notify Information Security , the Chief Information Officer , the Office of Administraion 's general counsel , and the relevant part(s ) of the White House Counsel 's Office .
EX system administrators are the only people who have the ability to delete e-mails ; to remove an e-mail from the database , one needs " advice " from the Office of Security and Emergency Preparedness , the National Security Council , and authorization from the CIO , the Office of General Counsel , and the director of the Office of Administration .
Neither the White House intranet , nor its Blackberry network allow employees to use any personal e-mail systems .
See the letter here ( .pdf ) .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The latest iMac was released 16 weeks ago .
Since then , it 's been plagued with problems , most notably flickering and / or yellow screens .
Today , the saga comes to an end because Apple has acknowledged the issues and offered their support .
Advertisement
At long last , Apple has released a statement to us , admitting the production issues with iMacs — which reader and forum anecdotes imply to be a bit less frequent than before but still very much present at some level — and labeling AppleCare as the proper channel for related complaints .
Apple 's Official Statement
" We 've addressed the issues that caused display flickering and yellow tint .
Customers concerned that their iMac is affected should contact AppleCare . "
Advertisement
These two short sentences might not look like much , but the statement is Apple 's first open acknowledgment of the jaundiced screen issue , and it identifies the problem as one worthy of AppleCare solutions .
( A previous statement made to Bloomberg generalized the problem to all LCDs . )
From the start of these iMac updates , I made a deal that " ... if Apple can come forward and openly admit the mistake while providing an adequate solution to their customers , I 'll laud them as an example as to how companies can take an unforeseen manufacturing issue and make things right . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Today , Apple met the terms of that deal , and so will we .
The Catch
Of course , just because Apple has " addressed " these iMac issues does n't mean they have completely ferreted out the problems .
( Their diction leaves some room for interpretation . ) .
Since the production halt a few weeks back , Apple 's forums seem a little quieter regarding yellow screens , and flickering had already been solved by a firmware update .
Still , about 20 people have written us since the production restart — some of them now on their third +
iMac — encountering new iMacs with yellow displays ( versus just a handful offering the all clear ) .
That response is slightly more positive than it was in the past , when basically everyone who wrote me complained of flickering screens , yellow screens and a number of other maladies .
Advertisement
Rumor : 27 - inch iMac Production Halted Due to Display Issues Apple has already put a 3 - week delay on all of its 27 - inch iMac shipments because of the manifold …
Read more
Unfortunately , we tried to reconnect with every person who'd written us after suffering through multiple returns , but very few responded either way .
My guess is that some had their issues dealt with , while others just gave up on the iMac altogether .
Sitting on a few grand for a few months is n't an easy thing to do for most people in this economy .
Advertisement
Yes , it 's a downright shame that Apple has n't been able to completely eliminate the yellow screen issue from the iMac line , whether their yield is 99.9 % or somewhere far lower .
At this point in time , I do n't think that every iMac shipping is inflicted with a dealbreaker of a screen ( which honestly seemed to be the case for a bit in late 2009 / early 2010 ) , but I do n't think that nearly every iMac is shipping perfectly , either .
Yields have gotten better .
How much better ?
I honestly do n't know .
Advertisement
( This photo is a yellow - screened 27 - inch iMac produced after the production restart — displayed file dates are from an older Time Machine restore . )
As consumers , should we really be content with Apple 's response when evidence shows the problem is n't entirely fixed ?
That decision is yours .
But I will say , even with constant pressure from a website such as Gizmodo ( along with many other publications that , thankfully , jumped on the bandwagon ) , a fundamental principle holds true :
The longer you tell a lie , even one of omission , the harder it is to tell the truth .
For Apple to come clean after 16 weeks of shipping an " ultimate display " that is n't so ultimate should be something that the public can embrace , at least in part .
Advertisement
Because fanboyism and flame wars aside , if we leave no incentive for companies to be forthright regarding their mistakes , why the heck would they ?
So Is It Finally Safe To Buy An iMac ?
Yup , but with one huge caveat :
You should run this test upon receipt .
If any part of that screen does n't match to your liking , you may very well still need to return your first iMac before getting a system that works as advertised .
Advertisement
Click to viewLuckily , Apple has acknowledged the issue and thereby removed some of the risk from you , meaning , at the very least , customer service will take your problem seriously .
And hopefully , the next time Apple or any other company ships a new product , they 'll notify us of the problems instead of vice versa .
The Complete Faulty iMac Saga
The Faulty iMac Saga , Chapter 1 : The Beginning
Advertisement
The Faulty iMac Saga : Chapter 2 , Even Steve Jobs Can't Fix 'Em
The Faulty iMac Saga , Chapter 3 : We Have Your Internal Memo , Apple
Advertisement
The Faulty iMac Saga , Chapter 4 : Apple Buying Out Customers
Advertisement
The Faulty iMac Saga , Chapter 5 : The Moment of Truth
Advertisement
A special thanks to Gizmodo Editorial Assistant Kyle VanHemert for all of his research work on this project , along with all the Giz readers who kept exchanging iMacs for us .
If anyone out there is still having issues scoring a replacement for faulty iMac after contacting customer support , contact us at submissions@gizmodo.com and we 'll forward you on to Apple PR , at their request .
Did she really just call for Rahm Emanuel to be fired because he allegedly used the term " fucking retarded " to refer to fellow Democrats in a private meeting ?
Last summer ?
Did she really ?
I do n't like the term myself .
I think it is offensive .
I think Rahm Emanuel is offensive .
But at least he 's real .
And he has now apologized .
And at least he used the term metaphorically .
Palin , in contrast , called her own campaign prop " her retarded baby " in private , according to an eye - witness account from the father of her own grandson who lived in her house for months and knew her intimately .
" I was just in shock the first time I heard it , " Levi Johnston told CBS .
Unlike Sarah Palin , Johnston has not been caught in multiple indisputable lies .
I believe him over her .
In fact , in any factual dispute , I believe anyone over her .
While I 'm at it , does anyone actually believe that Palin 's name for the child of miraculous provenance was found by her deep knowledge of ancient Norse as she claims in her magical - realism novel , " Going Rogue " ?
I mean , seriously .
She knows about as much ancient Norse as she does English grammar .
It 's as credible as the idea that she gave a speech while having contractions , several hours after going into labor , as she claims in her novel .
It 's as credible as her amazing journey in labor with a special needs child on a plane where the flight attendants , according to the Anchorage Daily News , did not even notice she was pregnant .
It 's as credible as any number of indisputable self - serving , unbalanced lies that she has told in the public record for years .
The anchor was found near Sleat on the Isle of Skye A crofter has uncovered what is believed to be a Viking anchor while digging a drain on the Isle of Skye .
Graeme Mackenzie , 47 , made the find after hiring an excavator to open the drain on rough pastureland 50yds ( 48 m ) from his home near Sleat .
Rain had partly washed away the bottom of the drain and exposed a corroded 4in ( 10 cm ) iron spike .
Mr Mackenzie levered it out and was " stunned " as the ancient anchor gradually emerged .
The Treasure Trove Unit at the National Museums of Scotland said the anchor will probably be claimed by the Crown .
Measuring 4ft high and a similar distance from tip to tip , the artefact is undergoing dating and metallurgical testing .
Preliminary results showed it is at least of medieval , possibly Viking , origin and could be about 1,000 years old .
If proved to be Viking , the find would be further evidence that many Norse raiders never returned to their native land , choosing instead to settle on Skye and many other places along Scotland 's northwestern seaboard .
As far as I know Treasure Trove Scotland in Edinburgh , will eventually contact me and tell me if I 'm due any financial reward .
But I 'm not ordering the Ferrari just yet
Graeme Mackenzie
Crofter Mr Mackenzie said : " Where it was lying , is only 100 yards above the high water mark .
" We are on a raised beach , so the land has been rising since Viking times .
" Maybe then the tide came right up to the point where I found it .
" The anchor was 2ft under the peat .
I hauled it out not realising what was at the end of it - but luckily it came out in one piece .
" When I gave it a hose down it was obvious what it was .
It looks very like a pick , only with a metal handle .
" The top of the shaft was missing , because it was so badly corroded .
I assume it would have had an eye at the top , but that 's gone . "
Growing potatoes
He added : " I stumbled on it quite by chance , I was n't looking for anything .
I just wanted to drain the land so I can grow potatoes there next year .
" When I dug it up I immediately knew it was old .
I used to be a skipper and I therefore have some knowledge on anchors .
" And this one felt different .
The metalwork is totally different from the modern anchors .
It felt like a blacksmith had hammered it .
" On the internet I saw a picture of a Viking anchor and it looked exactly the same as mine .
" As far as I know Treasure Trove Scotland in Edinburgh , will eventually contact me and tell me if I 'm due any financial reward .
But I 'm not ordering the Ferrari just yet .
" I 'm not expecting anything .
I do n't think I can retire early . "
In a report to the Museum of the Isles , a spokesman for the Treasure Trove Unit at the National Museums of Scotland said : " At the moment our working presumption is that the anchor is at least medieval " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All of the models created on these pages are printed on plain A4 paper .
All you need is a colour printer .
Heres a quick few tips that might help you with making the models 1 ) Cover ALL tabs with double sided sticky tape .
2 ) then cut out the shapes and stick them together ( warning : they can get a bit fiddly but shouldnt be anything TOO complicated )
3 ) When you make the heads , I find it easier to stick the neck part together , and then stick the rest of the head together afterwards .
Disclaimer
The images / models on this site are FanArt and created for my own amusement in dedication to the great characters that I love , and not for any kind of commercial gain .
this site is in no way affiliated with the companies that own these characters .
Any use / replication of them for commercial gain would probably be frowned on by their owners , so do n't do that .
Also if you do share them on forums or anywhere online , please linke back to my this site .
If you believe that I have in anyway infringed on your copyrights in anyway let me know and il try and sort out the problem ASAP .
Big shout out to the cool , amazing happy people who contribute to fuckyeahspotify :
What are we to make of the Republican Party 's future now that libertarian Rep.
Ron Paul won the presidential straw poll at the well - attended Conservative Political Action Conference last week ?
Is the GOP about to transform into the party of the gold standard ?
Let 's , for a moment , forget Paul ( and how I wish this could be a permanent condition , considering the congressman is neither a serious politician nor — and I can't stress this enough — a serious thinker ) .
Libertarianism offers conservatives — many of them new to political activism — an earnest ideological alternative to the process - heavy politics that dominate Washington .
It allows Republicans to cleanse themselves of the GOP 's failure to deliver on promises of smaller government and fiscal restraint .
None of which is new .
The 1964 Barry Goldwater would be considered a libertarian today by many measures .
The National Review constructed a " fusionist " effort to bring the parties together .
Ronald Reagan explained to Reason magazine back in 1975 that " the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism . "
Two sticking points preventing this fling from turning into something more serious have been social issues and war .
Has anything changed to alter the dynamics of the relationship ?
Probably not .
Patrick Buchanan recently claimed that the GOP is showing signs of turning away from its recent foreign policy positions .
The focus of policy may have changed — and perhaps there 's more reluctance in nation building — but polls pretty clearly illustrate Republicans still believe in a robust and proactive national defense .
Social issues are far more complex — and they always have been , despite caricatures .
But the reality is that most of the cultural issues that divide Americans have been mired in political stalemates .
You can debate abortion all day long ; policy wo n't be changing .
Economics , on the other hand , touches almost everything in a tangible way .
That — and one of the most aggressive left - wing economic agendas in American history — makes the libertarian fiscal message seductive .
Does that mean we need Paul ?
" Congressman Paul is committed to bringing the conservative movement back to its traditional platform of limited government , balanced budgets and a foreign policy of nonintervention , " claims Jesse Benton , Paul 's spokesman .
If only it stopped there .
Paul is n't a traditional conservative .
His obsession with long - decided monetary policy and isolationism are not his only half - baked crusades .
Paul 's newsletters of the ' 80s and '90s were filled with anti-Semitic and racist rants , proving his slumming in the ugliest corners of conspiracyland today is no mistake .
Perhaps the greatest tragedy of Paul is that thousands of intellectually curious young people will have read his silly books , including End the Fed , as serious manifestoes .
Though you would n't know it by listening to Paul or reading his words , libertarians do have genuine ideas that conservatives might embrace .
A serious libertarian , David Boaz at the Cato Institute , found that 14 percent of American voters could be classified as libertarian .
" Other surveys , " he points out , " find a larger number of people who hold views that are neither consistently liberal nor conservative but are best described as libertarian . "
Seeing as the two top concerns at CPAC were " reducing size of federal government " ( 35 percent ) followed by " reducing government spending , " it is obvious the message of individual freedom and small government has resonance .
But accepting Ron Paul as the leader of this — or , actually , any — charge is a mistake for both parties .
David Harsanyi is a columnist at The Denver Post and the author of Nanny State .
Visit his Web site at www.DavidHarsanyi.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 THE DENVER POST
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Sure , no Very Serious Beltway reporter would think to get Arab reaction to a story about public communications aimed at the Arab world .
After all , it ’s such a chore to chat up the nearest felafel vendor .
But would it be too much to ask that ABC not give the right - wing media machine a stovepipe for its smoke ?
Answer : of course it ’s too much to ask .
Here ’s how Jake Tapper reported ( “ EXCLUSIVE ! ” ) last Thursday on Obama ’s rebranding of the Iraq war as “ Operation New Dawn : ”
The move has met with some criticism .
In a statement , Brian Wise , executive director of Military Families United said , “ You cannot end a war simply by changing its name .
Despite the Administration ’s efforts to spin realities on the ground , their efforts do not change the situation at hand in Iraq .
Operational military decisions should not be made for purposes of public relations , as the Secretary of Defense cites , but should be made in the best interests of our nation , the troops on the ground and their families back home . ”
Wise should know something about rebranding .
“ Military Families United ” is an astroturf organization related to his better - known project , the “ Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , ” where he is the Director of Media Relations .
FDD is one of those CPAC - welfare agencies supporting otherwise - unemployable neocon mouthpieces like Clifford May .
Ironically , FDD used to be Emet , a hardline Israel lobby described thusly at The American Conservative :
In early 2001 , a tightly knit group of billionaire philanthropists conceived of a plan to win American sympathy for Israel ‘s response to the Palestinian intifada .
They believed that the Palestinian cause was finding too much support within crucial segments of the American public , particularly within the media and on college campuses , so they set up an organization , Emet : An Educational Initiative , Inc. , to offer Israel the kind of PR that the Israeli government seemed unable to provide itself .
At first , Emet floundered , without an executive director or a well - defined mission .
But that changed after Sept. 11 , and Emet changed too , into what is now the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies .
The name is different , but the goal of influencing America ’s opinion - forming classes remains .
What makes all of this possible is the support the foundation receives from its billionaire backers .
Its nearly $ 3 million annual budget comes from 27 major donors , most of whom are members of “ the Study Group ” –also sometimes called the “ Mega Group ” because of their sizable contributions–a semi-formal organization of major Jewish philanthropists who meet twice a year to discuss joint projects .
Wise owns the domain for “ Military Families United , ” where he irregularly criticizes the administration along Cheneyan lines .
Other than a connection to Toys For Tots , the website seems to do little else than provide a portal for the usual propaganda :
With the disclosure that two former Yemeni Guantanamo Bay detainees worked with accused terrorist Umar Farouk Abdulmatallab in an attempt to blow up an American airline , we have the clearest indication yet that the President ’s continual release of Guantanamo Bay detainees presents an unacceptable risk to American lives .
As a nation , we can not rely on so - called “ reform camps ” in places like Saudi Arabia to prevent terrorists from striking again .
( Emphasis mine )
Never mind that the releases in question took place under the Bush administration ; inconvenient facts are set aside for a good rant .
FDD and MFU exist to manufacture nontroversy ; and while the Beltway ought to know this ( it ’s not hard to figure out from a simple Google search ) I get the impression folks like Tapper just do n’t care .
At some point , the mavens of journalism decided there can be no story without two sides — never mind if one side has nothing to offer but stupid lies and fear .
The rules just require a contradictory quote , is all .
Because why report straight news without controversy ?
And now you see why manufactured outrage — nontroversy — constantly penetrates the media .
Tapper ’s not alone ; CNN uses
Wise , too .
AC360 actually reported sympathetically on Wise ’s unsuccessful attempt to get White House access and repeated his hilarious claim that his organization represents 60,000 families *.
As for rebranding the occupation : as troops draw down and lower their visibility , marking a new phase with a name change is an important part of building a better relationship with Iraqis .
The goal is less friction and fewer dead Americans .
Al - Fejr al - Jedeed will have far better cultural translation than “ Enduring Freedom . ”
Wise does n’t know what the hell he ’s talking about and does n’t give a rat ’s ass about soldiers ; he ’s a paid hack for an agenda .
Folks , this is Teh Librul Media™ at work .
If you can call it “ work . ”
* For some reason , every conservative front group claims 60,000 as its membership .
It ’s a leading indicator that you ’re looking at fraud .
ADDING : That ’s not a picture of Tapper , but of Wise .
I ’m starting a “ ten most wanted astroturfers ” list .
# 1 is Amy Sollenberger ; Wise Guy there is number two .
Wordle is a toy for generating “ word clouds ” from text that you provide .
The clouds give greater prominence to words that appear more frequently in the source text .
You can tweak your clouds with different fonts , layouts , and color schemes .
The images you create with Wordle are yours to use however you like .
You can print them out , or save them to your own desktop to use as you wish .
Because the Wordle web toy no longer works for most people , you might want to try installing a desktop version of it on your Mac or Windows computer .
The desktop version is exactly the same as the old web version .
You 'll have to work around various scary security warnings , because the app installers are n't signed .
Release notes :
v0.2 - Windows version should work on Win32 and Win64 now .
The app will recognize text pasted in the " advanced " format .
v0.1 - initial release
Try the web version .
build # 1506
From the Open - Publishing Calendar From the Open - Publishing Newswire Indybay Feature Publish to Newswire Add an Event
10,000 + MARCH AGAINST JOE ARPAIO IN PHOENIX by via AZ - IMC
Sunday Jan 17th , 2010 10:15 AM
Police unleash pepper gas on non-violent protesters ; 5 arrested
More than 10,000 demonstrators came out on January 16 to protest against Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his repression of unauthorized immigrants .
In the latest and largest in a series of protests against Sheriff Joe , demonstrators marched to MCSO 's " tent city " , an urban concentration camp where inmates , many arrested on immigration charges , are held 24 - 7 in the open air .
While marchers focused on Arpaio 's 287g arrangement with federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement and his high - profile immigration raids , other participants questioned the focus on immigration alone , given the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office 's role in forclosure evictions , and also that the Phoenix Police Department turned over more unauthorized migrants to ICE in fiscal year 2009 than did Arpaio 's sheriff 's department .
Toward the end of the day , police attacked marchers , indiscriminately deploying pepper gas in an area that included a number of young children and families .
In addition to street medics , EMTs were called to provide emergency care to at least three individuals , including an infant and young child .
Five individuals were singled out for arrest and are being charged with aggravated assault of a police officer .
In a news story on the march , the Arizona Republic repeated police statements that demonstrators attacked a police horse with metal poles , despite such allegations contradicting numerous eye - witness accounts , including the following post to Arizona Indymedia :
" Unprovoked , a female officer on horseback ( who later covered her name on her uniform ) charged her horse headlong into the march , colliding with several people and in the process almost running over at least one child in a stroller .
After attacking families and protesters , she then whipped out her pepper spray and let loose on the whole crowd , who fled the noxious spew .
In the process , children were blasted with pepper spray .
After that , other Phoenix PD officers stormed the crowd , violently attacking marchers , dragging several to the ground and further deploying their chemical weapons from all directions in an attempt to justify their their aggression by nabbing a few people .
Dozens were so affected that they were soaked in chemicals , having to strip off clothes to stop the burning . "
http://arizona.indymedia.org/news/2010/01/76283.php
by a Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 at 6:34 PM
We could n't agree with Sal Reza more when he says , " There was provocation by some groups who came here for their own purpose to disrupt a peaceful march . "
We know he is n't talking about us , because he invited members of the Diné , O'odham , anarchist / anti-authoritarian bloc on stage to speak at the rally at Falcon Park .
So , who is the outside faction Sal 's talking about ?
In our opinion it must be the Phoenix Police .
Unprovoked , a female officer on horseback ( who later covered her name on her uniform ) charged her horse headlong into the march , colliding with several people and in the process almost running over at least one child in a stroller .
After attacking families and protesters , she then whipped out her pepper spray and let loose on the whole crowd , who fled the noxious spew .
In the process , children were blasted with pepper spray .
After that , other Phoenix PD officers stormed the crowd , violently attacking marchers , dragging several to the ground and further deploying their chemical weapons from all directions in an attempt to justify their aggression by nabbing a few people .
Dozens were so affected that they were soaked in chemicals , having to strip off clothes to stop the burning .
Street medics ( not Phoenix Fire Department ) and other protesters came to each others ' aid .
At the end of the melee , out of the more than a hundred that marched together , four of our comrades were in chains and countless others stood bleeding , bruised and momentarily stunned .
Still , shaking it off , we rallied , facing down the cops , until eventually they withdrew .
We celebrated and took turns speaking out about what it 's like to be under attack by a system that values property and power over people .
Indeed , during the entire march the Phoenix police had been provoking marchers .
Riding bikes and golf carts into people .
Pushing and shoving .
For what ?
To keep one northbound lane open ?
Rather than assaulting people expressing their legitimate desires to see an end to oppression , why not shut down the street ?
Cops do traffic control all the time .
What 's wrong with PPD ?
Why , for instance , is it somehow possible for Tempe PD to shut down Tempe streets tomorrow for the corporate schlock that is " PF Chang 's Rock n' Roll Marathon , " but not for PPD to close off a few streets so that people can assemble without threat of attack ?
Truly a backwards system indeed !
The police have so far put forward several different explanations for what happened , all of which contradict each other .
On one channel they say that they were breaking up a fight .
On another they say that people were throwing bottles .
And on and on .
What 'll it be in five minutes , we wonder ?
The contradictory stories ought to be your first clue that what they 're claiming happened did n't in fact happen .
No surprise that the media swallowed it .
But if we know they 're lying , we have to wonder why anyone else would defend their actions ?
Did people fight back against the police assault .
We do n't know because our eyes were full of pepper spray , but we would n't begrudge them if they did .
To be charged into by a twelve hundred pound horse , while attacked by thugs using chemical weapons necessarily evokes the instinct to fight back , especially when your enemy is so vile as to assault children .
Police demand the impossible from people .
They expect you to allow them to attack you while at the same time demanding that you suppress you gut , human tendency to defend yourself .
There is nothing " peaceful " in that relationship .
That sort of power relation is one that condemns those who resist while exonerating the violence of those from above .
It reflects the current distribution of power -- a distribution we want to change drastically .
This is as unnatural as fighting power without taking action .
Movements , like people , have a right to self - defense .
For us , that has to be in the form of direct action and civil disobedience against the system .
It must be made not to work unless our demands are met .
No more mediation through shady politicians .
No more appealing to power through moral arguments .
We can take our futures into our own hands , directly .
Still , we 're not surprised that the police attacked .
While it seems the leaders of the movement are eager to make excuses for police who attack children , we know that what we saw today is but a glimpse of what the cops do everyday .
We see it with our own eyes .
They are the outside , alien force that first and foremost defends white supremacy and capitalism .
How can someone say they are organizing a " peaceful march " when they work with such sadists ?
Naturally they were going to attack the march eventually , especially considering the militaristic fashion in which they deployed .
Phoenix PD deports more migrants than Sheriff Joe and yet we are told that we ought to give them a pass so that we can focus on that clown Arpaio ?
We saw today just how foolish that strategy is .
In our eyes , this is but a symptom of the failure of the strategy being pursued by the movement as it is .
White supremacy in Arizona goes far beyond one ancient sheriff in one county .
Ballot measures attacking people of color will almost certainly pass in Arizona yet again this year with 70 or 80 percent margins .
Is this Sheriff Joe 's fault ?
Obviously not .
But marches against Joe wo n't stop that .
We need a broader movement with a critique beyond Joe so that we can challenge the whole problem -- one that stretches from Tohono O'odham land down south to the land of the Diné up north .
And everywhere in between .
And we need to break from this mode of organizing that can only deliver more oppression and more violence down on our heads .
No more politicians .
No more working with cops .
Look what it brings .
This is why we supported the call for the Diné , O'odham , anarchist / anti-authoritarian bloc .
For someone to say now when it is inconvenient that we are an outside force is to replicate the marginalization that for centuries has dominated the discourse around land and movement in this region .
But PCWC 's native comrades did n't come from outside .
They were always here .
And we stand with them .
http://firesneverextinguished.blogspot.com
Phoenix PD attack marchers , mace children at Arpaio protestby a Saturday , Jan. 16 , 2010 at 6:34 PMWe could n't agree with Sal Reza more when he says , " There was provocation by some groups who came here for their own purpose to disrupt a peaceful march . "
We know he is n't talking about us , because he invited members of the Diné , O'odham , anarchist / anti-authoritarian bloc on stage to speak at the rally at Falcon Park .
So , who is the outside faction Sal 's talking about ?
In our opinion it must be the Phoenix Police .
Unprovoked , a female officer on horseback ( who later covered her name on her uniform ) charged her horse headlong into the march , colliding with several people and in the process almost running over at least one child in a stroller .
After attacking families and protesters , she then whipped out her pepper spray and let loose on the whole crowd , who fled the noxious spew .
In the process , children were blasted with pepper spray .
After that , other Phoenix PD officers stormed the crowd , violently attacking marchers , dragging several to the ground and further deploying their chemical weapons from all directions in an attempt to justify their aggression by nabbing a few people .
Dozens were so affected that they were soaked in chemicals , having to strip off clothes to stop the burning .
Street medics ( not Phoenix Fire Department ) and other protesters came to each others ' aid .
At the end of the melee , out of the more than a hundred that marched together , four of our comrades were in chains and countless others stood bleeding , bruised and momentarily stunned .
Still , shaking it off , we rallied , facing down the cops , until eventually they withdrew .
We celebrated and took turns speaking out about what it 's like to be under attack by a system that values property and power over people .
Indeed , during the entire march the Phoenix police had been provoking marchers .
Riding bikes and golf carts into people .
Pushing and shoving .
For what ?
To keep one northbound lane open ?
Rather than assaulting people expressing their legitimate desires to see an end to oppression , why not shut down the street ?
Cops do traffic control all the time .
What 's wrong with PPD ?
Why , for instance , is it somehow possible for Tempe PD to shut down Tempe streets tomorrow for the corporate schlock that is " PF Chang 's Rock n' Roll Marathon , " but not for PPD to close off a few streets so that people can assemble without threat of attack ?
Truly a backwards system indeed !
The police have so far put forward several different explanations for what happened , all of which contradict each other .
On one channel they say that they were breaking up a fight .
On another they say that people were throwing bottles .
And on and on .
What 'll it be in five minutes , we wonder ?
The contradictory stories ought to be your first clue that what they 're claiming happened did n't in fact happen .
No surprise that the media swallowed it .
But if we know they 're lying , we have to wonder why anyone else would defend their actions ?
Did people fight back against the police assault .
We do n't know because our eyes were full of pepper spray , but we would n't begrudge them if they did .
To be charged into by a twelve hundred pound horse , while attacked by thugs using chemical weapons necessarily evokes the instinct to fight back , especially when your enemy is so vile as to assault children .
Police demand the impossible from people .
They expect you to allow them to attack you while at the same time demanding that you suppress you gut , human tendency to defend yourself .
There is nothing " peaceful " in that relationship .
That sort of power relation is one that condemns those who resist while exonerating the violence of those from above .
It reflects the current distribution of power -- a distribution we want to change drastically .
This is as unnatural as fighting power without taking action .
Movements , like people , have a right to self - defense .
For us , that has to be in the form of direct action and civil disobedience against the system .
It must be made not to work unless our demands are met .
No more mediation through shady politicians .
No more appealing to power through moral arguments .
We can take our futures into our own hands , directly .
Still , we 're not surprised that the police attacked .
While it seems the leaders of the movement are eager to make excuses for police who attack children , we know that what we saw today is but a glimpse of what the cops do everyday .
We see it with our own eyes .
They are the outside , alien force that first and foremost defends white supremacy and capitalism .
How can someone say they are organizing a " peaceful march " when they work with such sadists ?
Naturally they were going to attack the march eventually , especially considering the militaristic fashion in which they deployed .
Phoenix PD deports more migrants than Sheriff Joe and yet we are told that we ought to give them a pass so that we can focus on that clown Arpaio ?
We saw today just how foolish that strategy is .
In our eyes , this is but a symptom of the failure of the strategy being pursued by the movement as it is .
White supremacy in Arizona goes far beyond one ancient sheriff in one county .
Ballot measures attacking people of color will almost certainly pass in Arizona yet again this year with 70 or 80 percent margins .
Is this Sheriff Joe 's fault ?
Obviously not .
But marches against Joe wo n't stop that .
We need a broader movement with a critique beyond Joe so that we can challenge the whole problem -- one that stretches from Tohono O'odham land down south to the land of the Diné up north .
And everywhere in between .
And we need to break from this mode of organizing that can only deliver more oppression and more violence down on our heads .
No more politicians .
No more working with cops .
Look what it brings .
This is why we supported the call for the Diné , O'odham , anarchist / anti-authoritarian bloc .
For someone to say now when it is inconvenient that we are an outside force is to replicate the marginalization that for centuries has dominated the discourse around land and movement in this region .
But PCWC 's native comrades did n't come from outside .
They were always here .
And we stand with them .
http://arizona.indymedia.org
Copy the code below to embed this movie into a web page : < video style = " width : 740 px ; " data- aspect-ratio= " 1.7751479289941 " preload = " none " poster = " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/cop-on-horse-pepper-spray.mp4_600_.png " controls >< source src= "
https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/cop-on-horse-pepper-spray.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 " />< a class =" video " href= " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/cop-on-horse-pepper-spray.mp4 " title = " download video : cop -on - horse - pepper - spray ... " >< br />< span class =" video - thumbnail " >< img src= " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/cop-on-horse-pepper-spray.mp4_600_.png " border= " 0 " /></span><br
/></a></video>
Submitted by anon on Sun , 2010-01 - 17 01:49 .
" Well , here 's my perspective ( for what it 's worth since I got " pepper sprayed " immediately and did n't see a whole lot afterwards ) :
From the convergence point , the liberal - orginized section of the march took off first , which were most of the people .
I guess our contingent was somewhat towards the back of the march .
Mile - to - mile the cops consistently antagonized the anarchist / Dine / O'odham contingent through various means ( shoving , picking up barracades and bikes and ramming them into us , threats including one sad " I could take off the gun and still kick your ass " , etc. ) .
This was happening through the first two thirds of the march - of course there were some folks that did n't passively acccept the taunting , but they did n't make it any worse either .
The basis of the taunting revolved around the police attempts to limit the march to one side of a two - way road ... or further if they could , while also blocking traffic both ways ( as usual ) - thus , giving up their pretext to prevent the march from filling the entire width of the street .
There is some Phoenix , anti-Arpio march history that ties in with this which I must regress about first .
The past marches have been very complacent and " peaceful " , though with huge numbers turning out , almost no substantial issues echoing into society at large .
The last march against Arpio a year ago was a sort of breaking point for the anarchists and liberals in tactics .
The anarchist bloc was at the front of that march and decided to take the streets , against the pushing , orders , and threats of the liberal protest organizers .
The rest of the march followed into the streets and then the police conceeded .
After that march , with that lovely sort of rat-politician type of deception certain " activist leaders " like to use , the liberal organizers who had been attempting to keep the march on the side - walks took credit for " taking the streets " in various media coverage .
So , in short ... a very sharp antagonism exists in Phx between anarchists and liberal organizers : the former doing the usual ( taking the street , trying to widen the scope of the issues being raised , etc. ) and the latter also doing their usual ( using scare tactics and other forms of ostracism to attempt building a negative image of anarchists ) .
So , back to this march !
Once again , the liberal organization 's " peace keepers " were on the side lines with police , visibly perplexed by their situation : taking orders from cops , being told how to keep the anarchists in line who " if it was n't for those guys we would n't need to even be here " - police quote , etc .
This time though , as can be seen in the liberal organizer 's advertising of the event , the intention to take the streets was set out from the start .
We were instantly able to take half of the street , the liberal organizers felt that was ' victory enough ' for them .
So ... eventually , after trying to take the entire street for two miles , we came to one of the jails and both sides of the street were being guarded by riot police .
It is at this juncture when the officer on the horse began to charge into the crowd ( which was a new ' vehicle ' addition shortly before this juncture ) .
At the same time , this is also the point where the march was finally able to fill the entire street .
To simplify a very chaotic situation , it seemed like the officer on the horse decided to charge into the crowd because the police line was broken and the march widened .
The reason why I need to speculate on this is that the whole incident seemed very orchastrated for reasons mentioned above ( the increased police force at that juncture , the shift from bikes to horses , the use of a golf cart to ram into protesters , and much else ) .
Otherwise , I did n't see any provocations at all when this officer charged in - no bottles , no rocks , no whatever other nonsense comes up next .
While the horse charge was happening , other officers rushed in to attempt arrests .
These two things coincided and make it very unclear what exactly happened .
People were literally being trampled over by the horse , other officers were attempting to make arrests , and then came the massive doses of some heavy - duty pepper spray ( not just from the cop on the horse , but also from other officers - which I got my taste of from ) .
After that - all I know personally is that I made my way away from the police attacks and was aided to a calm location to recieve medical treatment .
I know one thing for sure , that water did n't fucking help and the medics did an amazing job using sufficient stuff to wash out my eyes .
I know for a fact that those who were arrested did not do the things which have been reported in the media , even though those things may / may not have happened .
Aside from that , after the arrests were made , the police retreated from that location and our bloc apparently held some sort of rally .
The majority of liberal demonstrators were not around for the confrontation , though a few stayed out of curiosity and others because they were simply more towards the back of the march .
In other words - they took flight and that is where your media stories will fill you in on the rest .
More information will come out about this after tonight , I am staying home so I was able to add this comment here to try and clear some initial confusions .
- Squee "
Copy the code below to embed this movie into a web page : < video style = " width : 740 px ; " data- aspect-ratio= " 1.7751479289941 " preload = " none " poster = " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/phoenix-police-pepper-spray-children.mp4_600_.png " controls >< source src= "
https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/phoenix-police-pepper-spray-children.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 " />< a class =" video " href= " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/phoenix-police-pepper-spray-children.mp4 " title= " download video : phoenix - police - pepper-spr ... " >< br />< span class =" video - thumbnail " >< img src= " https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2010/01/17/phoenix-police-pepper-spray-children.mp4_600_.png " border= " 0 " /></span><br
/></a></video>
January 16 , 2010
[ stream provider=youtube img=x:/www.queerty.com/wp/docs/2010/02/hatchdadtbug.jpg flv=http%3A//www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3D17yZkt5F1rU
embed=true share=true width=650 height=340 dock=true controlbar=over skin=dangdang.swf bandwidth=med autostart=false /]
He still needs to see just what sort of proposal the White House and Pentagon has in mind , but Sen.
Orrin Hatch , the Republican from Utah , says he wo n’t stand for prejudice of any kind , and that includes prohibiting gays from serving openly in the military .
Moreover , the does n’t believe this crap about how once you let the gays have their rights , everyone is going to start asking for “ special rights . ”
This is fantastic .
What you have , here , is a senior Republican senator backing an effort for equality ( and disagreeing with a one Sen. John McCain , who supports continued discrimination ) .
This is the same man who voted ( twice ) to ban gay marriage at the federal level , against adding sexual orientation to federal hate crimes statutes , and told Utah ’s GOP they should be proud because “ we do n’t have the gays and lesbians with us . ”
The announcement arrives on the same day as Gen. Colin Powell ’s fullest endorsement yet of a DADT repeal .
Also huge .
Which leaves only one thing to be decided :
How will anti-DADT groups like Servicemembers United , Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , the Gay & Lesbian Activists Alliance , and yes , even HRC exploit and build upon this momentum to get other conservatives ( and that includes Democrats ) to join the effort , and continue to mount pressure on lawmakers to speed things up ?
( For example : Reach out to conservative black lawmakers , and show them how DADT disproportionately affects black women .
Talk to congressmen and women who have children serving in the armed forces , and engage them in a dialogue about how the policy can help keep their kids safe — all the while references Powell and Hatch .
Which is n’t to say these groups are n’t already doing this , but the fruit has never been more ripe . )
Moreover , these groups must learn whether legislators like Hatch , who profess to “ want to do what ’s right ” about discriminatory laws , can be counted on for support of other equality measures .
Videos of 50 top Arsenal goals from the past 10 years .
Now vote …
WELCOME to the Goodplaya.com survey of the best Arsenal goals between January 1st 2000 and December 31st 2009 .
Unlike one or two other surveys ( not least on the official web site ) , I ’ve gone for the unique approach of actually waiting until the end of the decade before launching mine .
In keeping with this site ’s nod to the obsessives amongst us , the shortlist is more a longlist of 50 goals , drawn largely from the suggestions of Goodplaya.com readers .
No doubt you will disagree with some of the entries , but you ca n’t please all of the people all of the time .
From the list , you ’re not restricted to endorsing just one goal either and you can give either a bronze , silver or gold rating to different goals .
The idea is to get the definitive view of Arsenal fans on their favourite goals of the decade .
Click here to take the survey , which will open in a new window .
I ’d recommend you keep this window open so you can correspond the goals listed in the survey with the information below .
So here is the full list and where I ’ve found one , a video of the goal too ( feel free to post links to any I could n’t find in the comments board and if you spot any mistakes please accept my apologies and tell me in the comments box too ) .
99-00 : Kanu v Deportivo
00 - 01 : Henry v Man United
00 - 01 : Parlour v Valencia
01 -02 : Ljungberg v Juventus ( after one minute 4 seconds )
01 -02 : Ljungberg at Liverpool ( after 1 min 20 seconds )
01 -02 : Henry v Leverkusen
01 -02 : Bergkamp v Leverkusen
01 -02 : Bergkamp at Newcastle
01 -02 : Pires lobbing Schmiechal
01 -02 : Parlour FA Cup final
01 -02 : Ljungberg FA Cup final
02-03 : Henry at West Ham
02-03 : Henry at home v Spurs
02-03 : Pires lob v Southampton
03 - 04 : Henry free - kick at Charlton ( 1 min 2 secs in .
Thanks to Rob )
03 -04 : Pires curler at Liverpool
03 -04 : Henry at Inter
03 -04 : Henry v City
03 -04 : Reyes first v Chelsea
03 - 04 : Henry dances through Liverpool
03 - 04 : Henry ’s last of four v Leeds
03 -04 : Vieira at Spurs – ( after 3 mins 43 seconds )
03 -04 : Vieira v Leicester ( after 4 mins )
04-05 : Reyes v Boro
04-05 : Henry backheel v Charlton
04-05 : Vieira at Liverpool
No video – great teamwork goal in poor performance .
04-05 : Henry v Chelsea
04-05 : Henry v Munich
No video – takes the ball down , swivels and shoots low for great goal in 1 - 0 victory that saw us go out over two legs .
04-05 : Vieira v Everton ( after 47 seconds )
05 -06 : Henry in Prague
05-06 : RVP v Blackburn
05 - 06 : Henry in Madrid
05 - 06 : Henry home to Liverpool
No video – Cesc chips to Henry , who cuts in and curls past the Liverpool keeper .
05 -06 : Cesc v Juventus
05 - 06 : Henry v Spurs ( after 15 seconds )
06-07 : RVP at Charlton
06-07 : Henry at Blackburn
07-08 : Cesc at Spurs
07-08 : Adebayor at Spurs
07-08 : Flamini v Newcastle
07-08 : Cesc in Milan
07-08 : Adebayor at Anfield
08-09 : Nasri v United
08-09 : RVP at Everton ( after 1 min 26 secs )
08-09 : Eduardo v Burnley
08-09 : Adebayor at Villareal
08-09 : Arshavin ’s fourth at Anfield
09 - 10 : Cesc v Spurs
09 - 10 : Arshavin at Liverpool
09 - 10 : Cesc ’s 2nd v Villa ( after 38 seconds )
Leave a Reply
David de Rothschild is talking trash , lots and lots of trash .
“ There were 25 billion Styrofoam cups used last year .
How do you even get your head around what 25 billion Styrofoam cups looks like ? ” he said .
“ Eighty - odd percent of what ’s purchased by Americans is thrown out within six months . ”
On this day , though , the British banking heir is focused on some very particular refuse as he skims along the San Francisco Bay in a catamaran called Plastiki :
The 12,000 or so recycled soda bottles lashed together to build his clunky vessel , and the growing heap of plastic fragments called the Eastern Garbage Patch floating in the Pacific .
If all goes well -- so far , it ’s been a little hit and miss -- De Rothschild hopes to set sail aboard Plastiki in March , tour the garbage patch and end up in Australia , while blogging about the evils of plastic and a consumer society .
He also wants to highlight Plastiki ’s innovations , like the glue made of cashew hulls and sugar , which he said “ could go to market today and take epoxies -- horrible , noxious stuff -- off the shelf straightaway . ”
En route from Sausalito to Sydney , De Rothschild will navigate two well - trod traditions -- quirky British explorer and modern eco-celebrity -- in a quest that smacks of equal parts Sir Richard Francis Burton and Ed Begley Jr .
The first conquered uncharted territory ; the second powered his toaster with electricity generated by pedaling a stationary bike .
De Rothschild , 31 , has been lauded as an eco-adventurer , envied as a “ billionaire eco- warrior ” and derided as a dilettante “ eco-toff ” -- British slang for a rich boy with a clean , green conscience .
He prefers the term “ environmental storyteller ” and said the “ idea of the celebrity eco thing makes me want to puke .
. . .
It belittles the severity of the issues that we ’ve got to tackle .
Unfortunately , we ’re in a society that loves labels and loves celebrities . ”
This from a man whose Sundance Channel series , “ Eco Trip : The Real Cost of Living , ” was promoted online with video of a lanky De Rothschild , wetsuit half off , voice - over describing the bearded Brit as “ the hottest thing since global warming . ”
To be fair , though , sailing a boat made of used bottles across the Pacific Ocean is a lot more challenging than driving a Prius to the Academy Awards .
A onetime hyperactive child turned top - ranked horse jumper , De Rothschild stayed away from the family ’s storied banking business .
He got a degree in naturopathic medicine and bought an 1,100 - acre farm in New Zealand , where he still grows organic medicinal herbs .
In 2004 , he signed on to an expedition to traverse Antarctica .
Facing whiteout conditions , the group spent the first two weeks in small tents waiting for the weather to turn .
To pass the time , De Rothschild dared his trek - mates to do stunts .
“ Snorting energy drinks up our noses , putting your tongue on the front of the snow machine , bare metal at minus 30 degrees , ” recalled expedition leader Patrick Woodhead , who likens De Rothschild to Tigger on Ecstasy .
“ It ’s a miracle we did n’t injure ourselves before starting .
. . .
David is the most enthusiastic person I know . ”
Before leaving for Antarctica , De Rothschild took out an ad in a New Zealand teaching publication urging students to learn about the frosty region .
It showed teachers how to follow the trek , and “ let kids plan their own expeditions in their classrooms , ” De Rothschild recalled .
When he returned home he was “ bombarded by messages from teachers . ”
Six months later , he launched Adventure Ecology , an organization that blends treks and technology to teach schoolchildren about the environment .
Then he set off to cross the North Pole with skis and sled dogs and chronicle the trip online .
But melting ice made it impossible for the team to finish its journey .
“ There I was in my tent wearing merino long johns , cooking my dinner and sweating away , ” he said , recalling an April night near the North Pole .
“ It does n’t take a scientist to realize that something ’s amiss . ”
The trip was aborted after 100 days , he said , but the Adventure Ecology website got more than a million hits .
While researching his next trek , De Rothschild came across an article by Charles Moore , a Long Beach marine researcher who had sailed through a vast , plastic - filled gyre between Hawaii and the U.S. mainland .
De Rothschild had found his next cause .
His first thought was to sail to the Eastern Garbage Patch with a crew of artists , who would create an installation to highlight how plastic is poisoning the oceans .
But the environmental storyteller had a problem .
“ Unless an artist falls overboard or there ’s a fight . . . where ’s the narrative arc ? ” he was asked by Jeff Skoll , whose Participant Productions released “ An Inconvenient Truth . ”
So De Rothschild started thinking about Kon-Tiki , the storied raft that explorer Thor Heyerdahl built out of wood , reeds and bamboo and piloted across the Pacific in 1947 .
Romance ?
Check .
Adventure ?
Check .
Timing ?
Check .
Kon-Tiki had it all , and De Rothschild wanted some of the same for his own project .
The idea for Plastiki was born .
But first , it had to be built .
“ The boat had to carry six people across the Pacific , ” recounted naval architect Andrew Dovell , whom De Rothschild commissioned to build Plastiki .
“ The vessel had to derive its primary flotation from two - liter drink bottles .
They had to be visible . ”
Dovell decided Plastiki would be strongest and most buoyant if it were built as a catamaran with a framework of plantation - grown plywood .
But De Rothschild had other ideas : Plastiki should live up to its name and be made entirely of plastic -- recycled or recyclable .
The team ’s first stab at using recycled plastic panels was a failure .
Thus began 18 months of research and development on San Francisco ’s rickety Pier 31 .
Plastiki missed scheduled launches in December 2008 , and April and December 2009 .
A hoped - for launch this month has been delayed until at least March .
The team , though , has perfected the self - reinforced polyethylene terephthalate , which forms the catamaran ’s superstructure .
The panels are strong .
Recyclable .
And untested as a boat - building material .
On this cloudy afternoon the wind rises , but Plastiki ’s ride is smooth and quiet .
What would happen , De Rothschild is asked , if the boat hit a storm strong enough to pop the soda bottles out of its twin hulls ?
“ Well , ” he laughed , “ I put earplugs in .
I put my eye blinds on .
I listen to Led Zeppelin . ”
maria.laganga@ latimes.com
4:08 pm
Congressman Dennis Kucinich
Afghanistan “ Awash with US Cash and US Blood ”
4:05 pm
Amnesty International
Cuban Human Rights Activist in Maximum Security Prison Must be Released
4:04 pm
Project On Government Oversight ( POGO )
POGO Supports Intent of " High Road " Contracting Policies
1:02 pm
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
CREW Issues Statement on House Ethics Committee 's Findings in PMA Probe
12:55 pm
Center for Public Integrity ( CPI )
‘ Undetected Rapists ’ on College Campuses
12:31 pm
Constitution Project
Constitution Project Disappointed by Missed Opportunity to Reform Patriot Act , But Optimistic for Next Year 's Reevaluation
11:07 am
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Epic Fail in Congress : USA PATRIOT Act Renewed Without Any New Civil Liberties Protections
More and more Americans are turning to herbal remedies to help manage chronic conditions or promote general health and wellness .
But many of today 's popular herbal supplements , including St. John 's wort , gingko biloba , garlic and even grapefruit juice can pose serious risks to people who are taking medications for heart disease , according to a review article published in the February , 9 , 2010 , issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
The use of these products is especially concerning among elderly patients who typically have co-morbidities , take multiple medications and are already at greater risk of bleeding , according to authors .
" Many people have a false sense of security about these herbal products because they are seen as ' natural , ' " Arshad Jahangir , M.D. , Professor of Medicine and Consultant Cardiologist , Mayo Clinic Arizona , adding that more than 15 million Americans reportedly use herbal remedies or high - dose vitamins .
" But ' natural ' does n't always mean they are safe .
Every compound we consume has some effect on the body , which is , in essence , why people are taking these products to begin with . "
In addition to their direct effects on body function , these herbs can interact with medications used to treat heart disease , either reducing their effectiveness or increasing their potency , which may lead to bleeding or a greater risk for serious cardiac arrhythmias .
" We can see the effect of some of these herb - drug interactions -- some of which can be life - threatening -- on tests for blood clotting , liver enzymes and , with some medications , on electrocardiogram , " Dr. Jahangir said .
According to the report , a major concern is that patients do not readily disclose their use of herbal remedies , and healthcare providers may not routinely ask about such use .
In addition , because these herbs are regarded as food products , they are not subject to the same scrutiny and regulation as traditional medications .
" If patients are n't satisfied with their care today , many will turn to herbs because they believe these compounds can help them manage chronic conditions or improve health and prevent future disease , " said Dr. Jahangir .
" In fact , patients are willing to spend nearly the same or more on out - of - pocket expenses for herbal remedies than traditional medical care . "
Two nationwide surveys conducted in 1990 and 1997 found that the number of visits to complementary and alternative providers increased from 427 million to 629 million , whereas the number of visits to primary care physicians remained basically unchanged .
Some examples of herbs and their adverse effect on heart disease management include :
St. John 's wort , which is typically used to treat depression , anxiety and sleep disorders among other problems , reduces the effectiveness of medications contributing to recurrences of arrhythmia , high blood pressure or increase in blood cholesterol levels and risk for future heart problems .
Ginkgo biloba , which is supposedly used to improve circulation or sharpen the mind , increases bleeding risk in those taking warfarin or aspirin .
Garlic , which supposedly helps boost the immune system and is commonly used for its cholesterol and blood pressure lowering properties , can also increase the risk of bleeding among those taking warfarin .
In addition to highlighting commonly used herbs and potential interactions with cardiovascular medications , the present review also outlines steps for improving their safe use and reducing harm among patients with heart disease .
" These herbs have been used for centuries -- well before today 's cardiovascular medications -- and while they may have beneficial effects these need to be studied scientifically to better define their usefulness and , more importantly , identify their potential for harm when taken with medications that have proven benefit for patients with cardiovascular diseases , " said Dr. Jahangir .
" Patients , physicians , pharmacists and other healthcare providers need to know about the potential harm these herbs can have . "
In addition to greater public education about the risks of using herbal products , patients and clinicians need to actively discuss the use of over - the - counter medications , supplements and herbal products in addition to prescription medications .
Maurizio Morabito ’s twitter notes here .
Audio here .
I ’ve been trying for about 10 days to get a digital version of Muir - Wood ’s data , sending three requests so far without an acknowledgement ( Pielke Jr does n’t have a copy of the Muir - Wood data . )
This phrase has got to be the most frequently asked question by new brewers , and usually the answer is " No . "
Depending on the cause , it might end up with an odd flavor or aroma , but you will still be able to drink it and chalk it up as another lesson on the way to brewing that perfect beer .
Although a lot can potentially go wrong with a batch , most problems arise from just a couple of root causes .
If the recipe was good and you used quality ingredients , there are three main culprits : poor sanitation , bad yeast or the wrong temperature .
Most problems become noticeable once the beer is in the fermentor and nothing ( or something weird ) is happening .
Let 's examine some common symptoms and their possible causes .
Forget exploding dye packs .
Three thieves who made off with about $ 9,000 in cash from an Illinois bank were thwarted by a GPS device inserted in the cash that led authorities straight to their door , according to the Chicago Tribune .
Timothy Rucker , 33 , Phillip Griffen , 31 , and Brandon Barnes , 25 , entered a branch of the TCF Bank on Dec. 30 with their faces concealed and pointed a gun at a teller , demanding cash .
The three made off with a nylon bag full of money .
But unknown to them , the bag contained two GPS - tracking devices hidden among the bills .
Signals from the devices led police to the home of one of the suspect 's parents , where the thieves were arrested about an hour after the robbery .
Threat Level was unable to reach the bank to determine the make of the device it used .
But it could have been a system such as the one made by 3SI Security in Pennsylvania , a leader in currency protection systems .
The company would n't answer any questions about its security systems .
But according to its website , the GPS currency tracker it sells , called Electronic Satellite Pursuit ( ESP ) , has helped recover more than $ 3.1 million .
In 2008 , 3SI acquired Geotrax Protection , which developed a GPS tracking system for currency in 2002 .
This appears to be the system 3SI is marketing as ESP .
According to a highly detailed paper ( .pdf ) written in 2006 by Geotrax 's founder , Richard Fuller and Phillip Grimm , the GPS tracking device had been deployed in more than 30 robberies as of November that year .
Geotrax claimed at the time that the system had a recovery rate of more than 73 percent .
The device uses GPS , cell - tower tracking and RF beacons .
It 's inactive while sitting in a bank teller 's cash drawer , with the power on low , and activates only when it moves outside of the reading field of a magnetic plate .
At that point , it triggers an alert to security personnel and police by e-mail , pager or SMS to notify them that a pack is on the move .
In developing the currency tracker , the authors wrote that they needed a device that would n't be so obvious that it would be detected by the robbers within the first five to 10 minutes after a robbery .
" This 5 - 10 minute period is the crucial response time for the police to isolate the location of the criminal , " they wrote .
" Therefore , precise location as soon as a minute or two after activation is necessary to support effective response by the law enforcement community . "
It also could n't add significant weight to a stack of currency and needed to be flexible so that it would bend with the cash .
And it needed to contain a battery that would last at least 45 minutes after activation , even after sitting in a teller 's drawer for 18 months .
There were other concerns as well .
The device had to be precise enough to locate a pin in a haystack , so to speak .
If a thief placed it in a car in a parking lot , police would need to know which car contained the cash to obtain a search warrant .
So the device includes an RF direction - finding beacon to help isolate it .
In one case in which the device was used , the currency was tracked for approximately five minutes through GPS before it stopped moving .
The device remained stationary while two officers , using separate beacon receivers , walked through the neighborhood to isolate the signals .
They eventually narrowed the location to a single house and then a paneled wall inside the house .
The cash was sealed in the wall and was finally recovered about three and a half hours after the robbery .
( Hat tip : William Knowles )
Photo of Geotrax currency tracker courtesy of Geotrax ( .pdf ) .
Sam Roweis died unexpectedly on January 12 , 2010 .
He was a truly wonderful person ; a beloved son , husband and father ; and a treasured friend and colleague .
This is a place for all of us who were lucky enough to know Sam to share our memories and to help celebrate his life .
William Campbell is taking his battle with RTE and The Broadcasting Complaints Commission ( BCC ) all the way to the Supreme Court , following a High Court decision which did not rule in his favour .
Campbell maintains that the broadcasting of AA Roadwatch is in breach of the Broadcasting Act.
Firstly , AA Roadwatch is part of the current affairs output of RTE and must present a balanced view of the news .
It does not do this , of course , but presents things like car accidents , as it says on Campbells website , “ .. not by the severity of the injuries , but by the severity of the delays .. ”
Secondly , the AA is a motorist lobby group , and it being given airtime without equal airtime being given to groups who lobby for better public transport , such as BUSRAGE , or who lobby for cyclists , such as the Dublin Cycling Campaign ( DCC ) .
This is a clear breach of the act .
Thirdly , Campbell maintains , by reporting things like street demonstrations or strikes in a fashion which simply gauges their impact on the use of the road by motorists is biased , once again a breach of the act .
A large volume of correspondence was entered into between Campbell , RTE & The BCC ( see below ) , with the AA even sticking their oar in , even thought action was never taken against them specifically and they were not in breach of the Act , since they are not the licensed broadcaster .
After many letters and rebuttals , the BCC decided that RTE was not in breach of the act .
However Campbell felt that the BCC did n’t consider the matter fully , as their decision failed to address many of the points raised during the course of correspondence .
The application to the High Court for judicial review was unsuccessful , and Campbell is now appealing to the Supreme Court .
At the risk of appearing as biased as AA Roadwatch is , we must say that we at BUSRAGE support Campbell fully in his fight to make the airways balanced .
We are n’t interested in seeing the AA ’s slot taken off the air , but would like to see it complemented by broadcasts , of similar duration and at similar times , by groups lobbying for cyclists and public transport users .
You may view all the correspondence between Mr. Campbell , RTE and the BCC at his website ,
here .
From Conservapedia
The " best of the public " is a successful approach to education , scholarship , art , sports , science , and biblical translation that was the topic of discussion when Andy Schlafly appeared on the Colbert Report on December 8 , 2009 .
[1 ]
Mr. Schlafly , the founder of Conservapedia , originally coined the expression during an interview published a week earlier , on December 3 , 2009 : [2 ]
“ The best of the public is better than a group of experts . ”
Another way of expressing this concept is that " extraordinary achievements are attained by ordinary people . "
Jesus 's enigmatic , repeated reference to himself as the " Son of Man " illustrates how great achievement comes from the ostensibly ordinary rather than esteemed experts .
Most prophets were also ordinary men . [ 3 ]
" Experts , " on the other hand , frequently mislead the public and promote faulty ideas . [ 4] [ 5 ]
Examples
The Conservative Bible Project is an example of adopting the " best of the public " approach for a scholarly project .
Bob Dylan 's famous lyric about not needing experts expresses disdain for over - reliance on experts : " You do n't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows . " [ 6 ]
Intellectual and other examples using the " best of the public " include :
Intellectual examples
the Bible
the earliest gospel -- the Gospel of Mark -- was likely written by a non-Apostle who witnessed the events as a young boy
the Parable of the Good Samaritan describes how the best of the public -- even someone ostracized -- is better than a group of experts
Encouragement of Jesus by ordinary , unexpected people who played an essential role
Psalms and Proverbs are filled with gems and yet have unknown authorship
the Gospel of Mark describes how strangers were doing wonderful deeds , and Jesus told his disciples not to stop them
the Stranger on the road to Emmaus ( Luke 24:13 - 35 ) -- ostensibly a random , uniformed member of the public -- knew more
the Epistle to the Hebrews has unknown authorship , despite having the highest intellectual level ; it was possibly written by Jesus
Political and legal examples
Phyllis Schlafly was born into a poor Depression - era family , and yet as a small - town housewife with six children defeated the presidents of both parties , Ted Kennedy , the entire media , the Establishment , and all the experts by stopping ERA .
William Penn 's approach to colonial Pennsylvania , which even advertised to attract hard - working settlers of all ethnicity and religious beliefs ; as a result Philadelphia quickly became the most prosperous and highly populated city in colonial America .
Ronald Reagan was a " C " student and a " B " actor who was second - rate at virtually everything he did outside of politics , and yet won landslides to become president and embodied the best of the public in his speeches and political philosophy .
He was underestimated by all of his political opponents .
His famous " tear down this wall ! " speech was mocked and yet achieved the seemingly impossible , peacefully .
the recall of the governor , the attorney general , and another top official in North Dakota in 1921 — who were corrupt politicians devoted to state ownership of industry — was organized and achieved by someone who never held public office [ 11 ]
the " common law " developed over centuries based on many day - to - day judicial decisions , relying on logic , custom and precedent , and such law was considered better than a statute drafted by one or a few experts
the U.S. Constitution , in its prohibition on nobility and religious tests for office , its frequent elections of House members , and its term limitation on the president .
the Australian 2020 summit employed the best of the public by bringing together 1,000 people from all over Australia to discuss and make plans for the country 's future . [ 12 ]
Moral examples
Mary , the mother of Jesus
Stephen , the first martyr
Prophets in the Old Testament
Lenny Skutnik , the Mississippi native who dove into the icy Potomac River to rescue passengers from Air Florida Flight 90 on Jan. 13 , 1982 . [ 13 ]
Tragically , a passenger aboard the plane ( Arland D. Williams Jr. ) , after assisting in the rescue of four passengers , succumbed to the cold and perished ; the bridge which the plane struck was renamed in his memory .
Tragically , a passenger aboard the plane ( Arland D. Williams Jr. ) , after assisting in the rescue of four passengers , succumbed to the cold and perished ; the bridge which the plane struck was renamed in his memory .
the faith of the woman from Canaan , Matthew 15:21 - 28
individuals who display stigmata , as Padre Pio did
Art and music examples
An untitled painting by Jean - Michel Basquiat , a young formerly homeless man , broke all records for American works with its sale price of $ 110 M at an auction , stunning art experts .
Basquiat 's politically inspired art denounced institutions and colonialism .
Adele , who has broken numerous records in music sales , was raised in an underprivileged home by a single mother and Adele first became known based on a posting of her work on MySpace.com .
. Orson Welles , whose mother died when he turned 9 years old , his alcoholic father died when he was 15 , and he declined a scholarship to Harvard University to pursue work ; he wrote , directed , produced and acted in what most critics say is the greatest film ever made , Citizen Kane .
. " Battle Hymn of the Republic , " the only significant song by Julia Ward Howe , written in the dark during a pre-dawn inspiration .
" I Can See Clearly Now , " a massive one - hit wonder by Johnny Nash in 1972
" You Light Up My Life , " the only hit by Debby Boone , was a tribute to God that topped the charts for many weeks
" Sunshine " ( 1971 ) , which was not only a one - hit - wonder by Jonathan Edwards , but it was included in his album only because a preferred song had been accidentally erased . [ 14 ]
" Ice Ice Baby " was the " B - side " filler panned by " experts " which became a massive hit because a disc jockey played it by chance ; allegedly written by Vanilla Ice when he was 16 [ 15 ]
American Idol , which lasted from 2002 to 2016 and was restarted in 2018 .
" The Star - Spangled Banner , " the national anthem of the United States
" 96 Tears " by Question Mark and the Mysterians reached Number One on the charts , and overshadowed subsequent successes by the band .
Cher Lloyd 's song " Want U Back "
" In the Year 2525 " , by Zager and Evans , reached number one in both the United States and the United Kingdom .
The group had no other Top 40 songs in either country , making them the only group to have this kind of " one - hit wonder " in both countries .
" Spirit in the Sky " by Norman Greenbaum
Michael Sembello and " Maniac "
Tommy Tutone produced " 867-5309 ( Jenny ) " .
Soft Cell 's song " Tainted Love "
Quarterflash " Hearden my Heart "
( add more one - hit wonders )
Military examples
Eddie Rickenbacker , who had to drop out of school at age 12 in order to support his mother after his father died , became the " American Ace of Aces " with 26 victories in World War I ( despite being relatively old ) , survived on a life raft for 24 days after his plane went down in World War II ( despite being over 50 years old ) , and later spoke out for conservative views ;
Rickenbacker , a phenomenal race - car driver when WWI broke out , was rejected for flying but then fixed Billy Mitchell 's car and persuaded him to give Eddie a chance at aviation . [ 16 ]
" Expert " General Robert E. Lee devised the military strategy for the Confederacy at the Battle of Gettysburg , but was crushed by a military strategy developed by the unheralded Union General George Meade , who then failed to heed the advice of his underlings to pursue the enemy for a total victory . [ 17 ]
Athletics
Anyone can enter , and winning is based solely on skill .
Examples include the following :
Competitions
The Olympic Games , [ 18 ] known for setting the most world records .
When Francois Duvalier was the dictator of Haiti , he decided to abandon common sense and instead use nepotism to select who would compete in the Olympics .
High - ranking military officials were sent to represent Haiti regardless of athletic ability , and typically finished last .
The International Olympic Committee has since taken steps to ensure all athletes are reasonably qualified , although they do make exceptions in the Summer Olympics for countries with no reasonably qualified athletes in any sport .
Today , all countries send their best athletes , rather than use the methods Duvalier used .
known for setting the most world records .
When Francois Duvalier was the dictator of Haiti , he decided to abandon common sense and instead use nepotism to select who would compete in the Olympics .
High - ranking military officials were sent to represent Haiti regardless of athletic ability , and typically finished last .
The International Olympic Committee has since taken steps to ensure all athletes are reasonably qualified , although they do make exceptions in the Summer Olympics for countries with no reasonably qualified athletes in any sport .
Today , all countries send their best athletes , rather than use the methods Duvalier used .
The Tour de France . [ 19 ]
Achievements
Muhammad
Ali was not expected to win the heavyweight boxing championship , and even after he won some experts doubted his ability , yet he was arguably the greatest ever .
Arthur Ashe , son of a policeman , at the relatively old age of 31 crushed the nearly invincible 22 - year - old Jimmy Connors in 1975 to become the only African American men 's Wimbledon singles champion ; [ 20 ]
Ashe won this upset with an ingenious strategy of using offspeed volleys unfamiliar to the hard - hitting Connors .
Ashe won this upset with an ingenious strategy of using offspeed volleys unfamiliar to the hard - hitting Connors .
Dick Fosbury invented the Fosbury Flop despite criticism by all the experts .
He won the 1968 Gold Medal with it , and now nearly everyone imitates his style .
Bob Beamon , an obscure 22 - year - old long jumper who barely qualified for the 1968 Olympic finals after fouling out on most attempts , then broke the world record by nearly two feet .
In the preceding 30 years , the world record for the long jump had increased by only about 8 inches . [ 21 ]
Terrell Davis , only a sixth - round NFL draft pick , carried the Denver Broncos to two Super Bowl championships and was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame in 2017 . [ 22 ]
Marion Bartoli , a relatively obscure tennis player with a low seed at Wimbledon , won the women 's single title in 2013 without losing a single set the entire tournament , a feat achieved by only five other players in modern history .
15 - year - old Cori Gauff became the youngest to qualify for Wimbledon through the public qualifying rounds , and then defeated 5 - time champion Venus Williams in straight sets , in 2019 .
Simona Halep had never won Wimbledon , but played near - perfect tennis to crush in only 56 minutes the overpowering , 7 - time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams , in 2019 .
An unsuccessful Olympian , the medical student Roger Bannister broke the 4 - minute barrier for the mile , which some experts considered impossible ; now the record is 3:43 .
Don Larsen , then a little - known pitcher , threw the only perfect game in World Series history ( Game 5 , 1956 ) .
David , a boy of slight build , defeated the most feared warrior of all time , the mammoth Goliath .
Kurt Warner , one of the greatest football quarterbacks by multiple yardsticks , [ 23 ] was not drafted by any team out of college , was originally cut by the Green Bay Packers , was denied a tryout by the Chicago Bears , and was ultimately given a chance only due to another player 's injury .
was not drafted by any team out of college , was originally cut by the Green Bay Packers , was denied a tryout by the Chicago Bears , and was ultimately given a chance only due to another player 's injury .
Tim Tebow , a devout Christian dismissed by the media , led the Denver Broncos to the playoffs his first season as a starter , and was inexplicably traded to the New York Jets , who preferred to play " expert " quarterback Mark Sanchez , costing them the season and finishing a pathetic 6 - 10 .
Tebow was again rejected by the New England Patriots in favor of " expert " quarterback Tom Brady .
The team performed poorly in the first quarter of the 2013 season , with Brady playing at a mediocre level of play .
The Dallas Mavericks , having few stars , swept the heavily favored Los Angeles Lakers and then crushed the star - studded Miami Heat to win the 2011 NBA title .
Similarly , the Toronto Raptors stunned the overwhelmingly - favored Golden State Warriors to win the 2019 NBA championship despite not having any lottery picks on their roster .
Giannis Antetokounmpo , the " Greek Freak " born to Nigerian parents , was drafted by the NBA only 15th , far below the lottery choices , and was unremarkable but gradually improved each season in the NBA until he won its coveted MVP award in 2019 .
His motto is a quote from the Bible : " walk by faith , not by sight . " [ 24 ]
Jeremy Lin , denied college basketball scholarships , left undrafted by the NBA and cut by a weak NBA team , joined the 8 - 15 Knicks and then took them on a seven - game winning streak , including wiping the floor with liberal - promoted Kobe Bryant of the favored Lakers
a very longshot underdog colt , ridden by a Kentucky Derby rookie , won the fabled race in an enormous upset in 2012 .
Atletico Madrid , a Spanish soccer team whose roster had far fewer stars and cost much less than the expensively - assembled Real Madrid , which contained the two most expensive players in the world , and the star - laden and liberal - promoted FC Barcelona , won the 2013 - 14 La Liga championship over both clubs .
Furthermore , their star striker , Diego Costa , had only scored 52 league goals over seven prior career years and had bounced around seven different teams before the 2013 – 14 season , but in that season alone , he scored 27 league goals , easily surpassing his previous career - best and leading Atletico to the title .
Jim Plunkett , a Mexican American raised by blind parents who had met at a school for the blind , won two stunning Super Bowl victories in addition to the Heisman Trophy , despite how his college coach had tried to talk him out of being a quarterback . [ 25 ]
Albert Pujols was a community college baseball player with only one year of experience at that level , was panned by a scouting report and as a result , was not drafted until the 402nd selection in 1999 , and yet after only one season in the minors was on the St. Louis Cardinals major league roster the following year .
Pujols became one of the greatest hitters of the 21st century and led the Cardinals to two World Series championships .
( It is commonly , though wrongly , reported that Pujols ' chance came only because of an injury to Bobby Bonilla ; Tony La Russa ( the Cardinals ' manager ) stated that this was not the case ; he had impressed the staff and several players and was going to be promoted before the injury . [ 26 ] )
) Sloane Stephens , an African American ranked No. 934 in the world in women 's tennis the month before , easily won the U.S. Open in 2017 , while no player in the finals of the 2015 U.S.
Open in women 's tennis was ranked in the top 20 .
Stephen Curry , one of the smallest players in the NBA , was drafted only 7th in his year and yet has become perhaps the finest basketball shooter ever .
In an even more extreme example of the above , Sarunas Marciulionis , drafted 127th in the 1987 NBA draft , was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2014 , and during his career , pioneered the use of the Euro step , which was almost unknown in his day , but is now a very common basketball move .
In baseball , most of the stars were not considered to be strong prospects for success , as only two number - one draft picks ever made it to the Hall of Fame : Ken Griffey , Jr. , and Chipper Jones . [ 27 ]
On the opposite extreme is Mike Piazza , a 62nd round selection ( and drafted solely because his father was a good friend of Los Angeles Dodgers manager Tommy Lasorda ) who went on to a successful career , finally being selected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2016 .
( add more )
Science , engineering , architecture , and technology
Finance
Studies show that the public does as good a job at picking good stock investments as the experts do .
For example , stock market indexes typically outperform funds managed by experts .
Exploration and discovery
Despite billions of research dollars , technical experts and equipment for professional astronomers , amateur astronomers play a crucial role in outer space discoveries .
See Comet Lovejoy
Christopher Columbus discovered the New World , despite the near - unanimous expert opinion that his first voyage was doomed to failure .
On his second voyage , he successfully returned to the same place he had previously reached , despite the limited navigational skills of the experts of the time .
Journalism
As noted in Conservapedia 's breaking news , the lamestream media is being replaced by YouTube videos of breaking news . [ 30 ]
Large media outlets have begun presenting amateur reports from viewers .
This began with CNN's i Report [ 31 ] and later was adopted by Fox News ( uReport [ 32 ] ) and others .
Law Enforcement
Convicted Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was caught , not by the thousands of police experts swarming uselessly over a shut - down Watertown , MA , but by an individual keeping his eyes open in his own back yard .
Obstacles Created by Liberal Experts
Liberal and conservative experts have a self - interest in defending their theories , even if incorrect , and in perpetuating the system that has rewarded and applauded them .
Some experts receive prodigious sums by promoting theories that are false or implausible , either in the media or in courtrooms .
Most conservatives who are experts in their own right reasonably fear a loss in grants , compensation or awards if they take a position at odds with a liberal counterpoint , especially one that has gained wide acceptance with the general population .
Despite their status as " experts , " they have frequently made wrong predictions . [ 33 ]
Examples
One expert said about the revolutionary design of the Eads bridge to transport heavy ships by railroad over the Mississippi River : [ 28 ]
“ I deem it entirely unsafe and impracticable . ”
The Eads bridge continues to stand and carry much rail and car traffic to this day , despite the intense opposition by experts to its design . [ 34 ]
The Best of the Public and the Invisible Hand
The concept of best of the public was first articulated on Conservapedia , although the effects have been observed by many great thinkers over the years .
In a free society where the best of the public is allowed the latitude to excel , benefits accrue on many levels .
Adam Smith , the father of capitalism , observed this principle in effect ; in his book The Wealth of Nations , he described how the best of the public , when given the freedom to generate wealth , could generate a net beneficial and uplifting effect that goes beyond their individual enterprises .
Smith called this the " Invisible Hand . "
However , he confined his observations to the sphere of economics , whereas the " Best of the Public " principle operates on many different levels .
Marriage and family , for example , serve as an illustration of the principle in the social arena .
When marriage is allowed to function without government interference and misguided attempts at social engineering , the result is strong families ; the best of the public raise children of superior virtue and character , who in turn grow up to pass those values on to their children .
This , in turn , leads to a net positive effect on society known as the Invisible Hand of Marriage .
The same uplifting principle can be seen in any situation in which the best of the public is allowed to freely function and attain its potential .
Events like the Olympics and the Tour de France permit the best of the public to strive on a physical level , resulting in many new record - breaking performances .
The principle has seldom ( as of yet ) been applied to academic endeavors .
Opposition to the Best of the Public
Government restrictions
History demonstrates that the best of the public can only thrive in a free society .
The cream cannot rise to the top if it is weighted down ; eagles cannot soar if they are shackled by an oppressive government .
This understanding is at the heart of conservative wisdom .
For example : it is only in a free market economy that the best of the public will be truly free to drive innovation , develop new technologies , and generate new wealth .
In an overly - regulated economy , the incentive to excel is greatly reduced .
Innovation is replaced by stagnation , and achievement by mediocrity .
Elite gatekeepers
Likewise , in an academic environment in which elite " experts " serve as gatekeepers , truly innovative research is frequently squelched in favor of orthodoxy and blind consensus .
The chilling effect " scientific experts " can have on honest research was clearly demonstrated by the Climategate scandal .
Even when such " experts " do not actively conspire to suppress dissent , their use of expertise and consensus as a bully pulpit can still silence opposing ( and possibly correct ) viewpoints .
Mobs
It is important to note the difference between " Best of the Public " and " mob rule . "
Simply allowing the loudest or most numerous voices to prevail is not the same thing as allowing the best of the public to drive achievement .
Sites such as Wikipedia operate on the principle of mob rule , and as a result , are plagued with bias , inaccuracy , and an inability to differentiate between significant insights and trivia .
One of the most pointed illustrations of this difference is the United States itself .
The Founding Fathers , despite not naming it , applied the " Best of the Public " principle in their attempts to craft a new government .
Realizing the danger of mob rule , they rejected a pure democracy in favor of a democratic Republic — a system designed to ensure that , while all of the public would have a voice in their new government , the best of the public would guide that government .
To ensure that only the best of the public was selected , with the exception of members of the House of Representatives , officials in the federal government were not directly elected .
The framers of the U.S. Constitution conceived of the Electoral College as a body of men who would exercise independent judgment in choosing the President and Vice President , not merely cast their ballots as directed by their state 's voters .
Moreover , electors in most states were initially appointed by state legislatures .
Likewise , members of the Senate were originally selected by state legislatures .
Judges , ambassadors , and other federal officials are chosen by the President and subject to approval by the Senate .
Thus , although the people would directly choose their Congressmen , they would only indirectly choose other officials , and this filtering mechanism would ensure that only the best of the public was in charge of the government , rather than having mob rule .
By choosing this compromise , they clearly affirmed that they believed the best of the public was better than a group of experts ; in contrast , the nations of Europe still firmly subscribed to the notion that government should be in the hands of elite " experts " ( the ruling families and nobility . )
Obscurity
The " best of the public " must be able to be heard .
There are millions of books published , and even more books self - published without approval of traditional publishing houses .
Many authors protest [ 35 ] [ 36 ] that this is the greatest problem with modern publishing .
Experts versus the Best of the Public
Some confusion may exist over the difference between an " expert " and the " best of the public . "
The primary difference lies in the manner in which expertise is obtained .
Most " experts " undergo highly specialized training , and in the process , become immersed in a sub-culture of like experts .
This always carries the danger of groupthink and the pressure to conform .
Also , academic credentialing consists almost entirely of repeating what professors say , rather than criticizing their errors . [ 37 ]
For instance , someone interested in obtaining a job in the field of climate science ( whom we shall refer to as " Student A " ) would likely pursue a degree at an established university .
In so doing , he would be immersed in the academic subculture of researchers and professors who have already obtained their degrees in that field .
He would be subjected to their political views , preconceptions , and biases , and would likely find that these were presented as facts and as an integral part of the subject .
Any questioning or dissent on his part might be harshly punished .
Ultimately , he would be faced with a difficult choice : abandon his desire to be an accredited expert in that field , dishonestly pretend to believe in the questionable claims of his superiors , or convince himself that those claims were , in fact , the truth .
On the other hand , someone interested in learning about climate science , but not interested in becoming a credentialed expert ( we 'll call him " Student B , " ) would likely study a diverse variety of sources .
Not confined to the insular and clannish academic subculture , he would speak with a wider range of people , and be exposed to a wider range of viewpoints .
This would , in all probability , cause him to examine the claims of the experts with a more critical eye .
Ultimately , his studies would not gain him a degree or the official imprimatur of the scientific community , but his understanding of climate science would very likely be more rounded and complete than that of Student A .
He very well might disagree with the experts ' point of view ; at the very least , he would have a much better knowledge of its shortcomings .
A traditional , expert - dominated inquiry would dismiss the contributions of Student B , since he has not an " expert " - he has not received the official approval of the gatekeepers .
A " best of the public " approach would accept the contributions of both Student A and Student B , since they are both members of the public .
However , it would not place Student A's contributions on a pedestal and make them sacrosanct and immune to questioning .
Student B would be free to bring in HIS expertise as well ; as a result , the ensuing discussion would be much less one - sided and more comprehensive , and thus far more likely to result in accurate and truthful insights .
Perhaps many ideas coming from people like Student B would be wrong , unprofitable , and therefore rightly rejected ; the " best of the public " approach recognizes that not all ideas from the public are better than those of experts .
However , it is very likely that some ideas from people like Student B will be true and helpful .
This is the difference between the two approaches : such ideas will be heard under the " best of the public " method .
Solution of the Poincaré Conjecture
The solution to the Poincaré conjecture , one of the greatest unsolved math problems of the 20th century , was by the little - known Gregori Perelman who worked on his own and merely posted his solution on the internet .
He had never been offered a permanent job and was critical of the lack of openness among mathematical experts as he described a rare exception : [ 38 ]
“ He actually told me a couple of things that he published a few years later .
He did not hesitate to tell me .
Hamilton 's openness and generosity — it really attracted me .
I can't say that most mathematicians act like that . ”
At great monetary sacrifice , Perelman refused to accept the awards conferred on him by experts after they eventually recognized the brilliance of his proof .
A leading expert was accused of improperly trying to take credit for Perelman 's work .
The Steklov Institute apparently declined to re-elect Perelman as a member in 2003 , supposedly because the experts continued to doubt his proof .
Reportedly Perelman has quit mathematics and was " jobless , living with his mother in St. Petersburg , and subsisting on her modest pension . "
He was quoted as saying : [ 39 ]
“ I can't say I 'm outraged .
Other people do worse .
Of course , there are many mathematicians who are more or less honest .
But almost all of them are conformists .
They are more or less honest , but they tolerate those who are not honest .
...
It is not people who break ethical standards who are regarded as aliens .
It is people like me who are isolated . ”
In 2006 , the mathematical establishment delivered another backhanded compliment to Perelman 's achievement : he was awarded the Fields Medal on a shared basis with ( 1 ) an Obama - supporter who had jointly worked on a number theory problem , ( 2 ) a French mathematician - actor , and ( 3 ) a younger countryman who had achieved far less .
This four - way split of the prize with far less significant achievements was inappropriate .
Perelman declined this prize also .
References
Jay Leno is coming to the defense of … Jay Leno .
The future host of " The Tonight Show " used his broadcast Monday night to give his side of the story , saying he ’s basically just been doing what his bosses at NBC wanted for the past five years – and making it clear he never wanted to leave " The Tonight Show " in the first place .
When NBC told him in 2004 that it wanted to promise " Tonight " to O’Brien , " I said , ‘ Well , I ’ve been number one for 12 years , ’ " Leno said .
" They said , ‘ We know that , but we do n’t think you can sustain that . ’
I said , ‘ Okay .
How about until I fall to number two , then you fire me ? ’
‘ No , we made this decision . ’
I said , ‘ That ’s fine . ’
Do n’t blame Conan O’Brien .
Nice guy , good family guy , great guy .
He and I have talked – and not a problem since then .
That ’s what managers and people do , they try to get something for their clients .
I said , ‘ I ’ll retire just to avoid what happened the last time . ’
Okay . "
And yet , when the time came to retire , Leno apparently changed his mind .
He said he asked to be let out of his contract early so that he would be free to move to another network without having to wait a year or 18 months due to a non-compete clause .
Rather than let him go , NBC concocted Jay at 10 .
" Did n’t seem like a good idea at the time , " Leno said .
" I said , ‘ Alright , can I keep my staff ? ’
There are 175 people that work here .
I said , ‘ Can I keep my staff ? ’
Yes , you can .
Let ’s try it .
We guarantee you two years on the air , guaranteed .
Now for the first four or five months against original shows like “ CSI ” you ’ll get killed , but in the spring and summer when the reruns come , that ’s when you ’ll pick up .
Okay , great .
I agree to that . "
Leno ’s decision to say his staff was the reason for his decision to stay is interesting , since NBC insiders in recent days – through a report in the New York Post — have tried to push the line that O’Brien is abandoning his staff by not agreeing to stay on at 12:05 as host of " Tonight . "
Now , Leno is arguing that he could n’t leave because it would mean his staff would be out of work .
Later in his statement , Leno says he agreed to move back to 11:35 even after NBC canceled him at 10 p.m because it would " keep our people working . "
Leno also picks up on another NBC talking point , noting that while Leno ’s primetime show did O’Brien no favors , the host was n’t doing well before Leno signed on at 10 .
" Conan ’s show during the summer– ( when ) we ’re not on — was not doing well .
The great hope was that we would help him .
Well , we didn’t , " Leno said .
In fact , while O’Brien began bleeding viewers over the summer , he was still comfortably ahead of David Letterman in adults 18 - 49 by the end of August .
Even now , " Tonight " is still tied with CBS ’s " Late Show " in the young adult demo NBC has insisted to the media is the most key for ad sales .
Here ’s the full text of Leno ’s comments :
" I thought maybe I should address this .
At least give you my view of what has been going on here at NBC .
Oh , let ’s start in 2004 .
2004 I ’m sitting in my office , an NBC executive comes in and says to me , listen , Conan O’Brien has gotten offers from other networks .
We do n’t want him to go , so we ’re going to give him ‘ The Tonight Show . ’
I said , ‘ well , I ’ve been number one for 12 years . ’
They said , ‘ we know that , but we do n’t think you can sustain that . ’
I said , ‘ okay .
How about until I fall to number two , then you fire me ? ’
‘ No , we made this decision . ’
I said , ‘ that ’s fine . ’
Do n’t blame Conan O’Brien .
Nice guy , good family guy , great guy .
He and I have talked and not a problem since then .
That ’s what managers and people do , they try to get something for their clients .
I said , ‘ I ’ll retire just to avoid what happened the last time . ’
Okay .
So time goes by and we stay number one up until the day we leave .
We hand – ( applause ) - No , no .
Okay , but I ’m leaving before my contract is out .
About six to eight months early .
So before I could go anywhere else , I would be at least a year or 18 months before I could go and do a show somewhere else .
I said to NBC , ‘ would you release me from my contract . ’
They said , ‘ we want to keep you here . ’
Okay .
What are your ideas ?
They said , ‘ how about primetime ? ’
I said , ‘ that will never work . ’
No , no , we want to put you on at 10:00 .
We have done focus groups .
People will love you at 10:00 .
Look at these studies showing Jay ’s chin at 10:00 .
People will go crazy .
Did n’t seem like a good idea at the time .
I said , ‘ alright , can I keep my staff ? ’
There are 175 people that work here .
I said , ‘ can I keep my staff ? ’
Yes , you can .
Let ’s try it .
We guarantee you two years on the air , guaranteed .
Now for the first four or five months against original shows like “ CSI ” you ’ll get killed , but in the spring and summer when the reruns come , that ’s when you ’ll pick up .
Okay , great .
I agree to that .
Four months go by , we do n’t make it .
Meanwhile , Conan ’s show during the summer , we ’re not on , was not doing well .
The great hope was that we would help him .
Well , we did n’t help him any , okay .
They come and go , ‘ this show is n’t working .
We want to let you go . ’
Can you let me out of my contract ?
No , you ’re still a valuable asset to this company .
How valuable can I be ?
You fired me twice .
How valuable can I be ?
Okay .
So then , the affiliates are not happy .
The affiliates are the ones that own the TV stations .
They ’re the ones that sort of makes the decisions , they ’re not happy with your performance and Conan is not doing well at 11:30 .
I said , ‘ what ’s your idea ? ’
They said , ‘ well , look , how about you do a half hour show at 11:30 ? ’
Now , where I come from , when your boss gives you a job and you do n’t do it well , I think we did a good job here , but we did n’t ’ get the ratings , so you get humbled .
I said , ‘ okay , I ’m not crazy about doing a half hour , but okay .
What do you want to do with Conan ? ’
We ’ll put him on at midnight , or 12:05 , keeps “ The Tonight Show ” does all that , he gets the whole hour .
I said , okay .
You think Conan will go for that ?
Yes , yes .
( laughter ) Almost guarantee you .
I said okay .
Shake hands , that ’s it .
I do n’t have a manager , I do n’t have an agent , that ’s my handshake deal .
Next thing I see Conan has a story in the paper saying he does n’t want to do that .
They come back to me and they say if he decides to walk and does n’t want to do it , do you want the show back ?
I go , ‘ yeah , I ’ll take the show back .
If that ’s what he wants to do .
This way , we keep our people working , fine . ’
So that ’s pretty much where we are .
It looks like we might be back at 11:30 , I ’m not sure .
I do n’t know .
( applause ) I do n’t know .
But through all of this – through all of this , Conan O’Brien has been a gentleman .
He ’s a good guy .
I have no animosity towards him .
This is all business .
If you do n’t get the ratings , they take you off the air .
I think you know this town , you can do almost anything .
You get ratings they keep you .
I was n’t getting the ratings .
He was n’t getting the ratings .
That was NBC ’s solution .
It did n’t work .
So we might have an answer for you tomorrow .
So , we ’ll see .
That ’s basically where it is . "
ALBANY —
The big - money booze industry is secretly bankrolling the organized whining over Gov. Paterson ’s plan to let grocery stores sell wine , The Post has learned .
An internal letter sent to liquor stores recently by the London - based liquor wholesaler Diageo reveals it has been quietly subsidizing The Last Store on Main Street , the self - proclaimed “ mom and pop ” coalition pushing to cork Paterson ’s wine - in - groceries plan .
“ Together with our lobbyists and government - relations team at Diageo , we have remained fully engaged in lobbying to fight the governor ’s recent proposal , ” reads the Jan. 28 letter .
In light of actual policies coming from Congress and the Obama administration you may be surprised to learn Americans Reject Keynesian Economics .
Richard Nixon once said , “ We ’re all Keynesians now . ”
But that was a long time ago , and it ’s certainly not the case anymore ( if it ever was ) .
While influential 20th Century economist John Maynard Keynes would say it ’s best to increase deficit spending in tough economic times , only 11 % of American adults agree and think the nation needs to increase its deficit spending at this time .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that 70 % disagree and say it would be better to cut the deficit .
In fact , 59 % think Keynes had it backwards and that increasing the deficit at this time would hurt the economy rather than help .
To help the economy , most Americans ( 56 % ) believe that cutting the deficit is the way to go .
83 % Blame Deficit on Politicians
Eighty - three percent ( 83 % ) of Americans say the size of the federal budget deficit is due more to the unwillingness of politicians to cut government spending than to the reluctance of taxpayers to pay more in taxes .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey shows that just nine percent ( 9 % ) of adults put more blame on the unwillingness of taxpayers to pay more in taxes .
Ninety - four percent ( 94 % ) of Republicans and 91 % of voters not affiliated with either major party place the blame on politicians , and two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Democrats agree .
Just 11 % of all voters now think the government spends taxpayers ’ money wisely and well .
Seventy - eight percent ( 78 % ) do not believe that to be true .
Again , 90 % or more of GOP voters and unaffiliateds do n’t think the government handles taxpayers ’ money well , compared to 54 % of Democrats .
Republicans Trusted More On Key Issues
Voters now trust Republicans more than Democrats on nine out of 10 key issues regularly tracked by Rasmussen Reports .
But the latest national survey finds that the two major political parties are much closer this month on the top issue of the economy .
Forty - six percent ( 46 % ) of voters trust the GOP more on economic issues , while 42 % trust Democrats more .
Another 12 % are undecided .
Last month , Republicans held an 11 - point edge on the issue and had a 12 - point lead in November .
In fact , the latest results mark the highest level of trust in Democrats on economic issues since last May .
Among voters nationwide , 81 % see the economy as a very important issue .
Among voters not affiliated with either party , Republicans lead 45 % to 32 % on economic issues over Democrats .
Mainstream voters heavily favor the GOP on economic issues , 58 % to 28 % .
Those in the Political Class trust Democrats more , 84 % to 16 % .
The plurality of voters ( 37 % ) still does n’t know which party to trust more on government ethics and corruption , an issue voters place second in terms of importance .
Democrats now hold a small 33 % to 30 % edge on the issue , after the parties were tied in January .
Republicans hold double - digit leads over Democrats in terms of trust on the issues of taxes , health care , Social Security , immigration and abortion .
In January , Republicans held just a three - point lead on health care .
Forty - six percent ( 46 % ) of voters favor a tax cut for all Americans , while 35 % are opposed .
Forty - one percent ( 41 % ) prefer a budget deficit with tax cuts over a balanced budget that requires higher taxes , but 36 % favor the opposite approach .
On national security , Republicans are trusted more by a 49 % to 40 % margin after leading by 17 points in January .
This marks the first poll to show Republicans earning less than 50 % of voters ’ trust on the issue since August of last year .
Recent polling shows that voter confidence in U.S. efforts in the War on Terror is near its lowest level in recent years .
Only 36 % of voters say the United States is safer today than it was before the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , marking the lowest level of confidence since Rasmussen polling first asked the question in 2002 .
Partisan Trends
In January , the number of Americans identifying themselves as Democrats fell another tenth - of - a- percentage point .
Now the number of Democrats is at the lowest level recorded in more than seven years of monthly tracking by Rasmussen Reports .
However , in January , the number of Republicans in the country dropped by nearly two percentage points .
Currently , 35.4 % of American adults view themselves as Democrats .
That ’s down from 35.5 % a month ago and 36.0 two months ago .
Prior to last month , the lowest total ever recorded for Democrats was 35.9 % , a figure that was reached twice in 2005 .
The number of Republicans is now down to 32.3 % .
The number of Republicans in the country has stayed between 32.3 % and 34.05 % in every month for the past 18 months .
The number of adults not affiliated with either major party is now up to 32.3 % .
That ’s the highest number of unaffiliateds since the summer of 2007 .
When In Doubt , Vote Them Out
Case worker Jessica
Yon discusses eligibility for unemployed people at a jobs center in San Francisco , California February 4 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nearly 20 percent of the U.S. workforce lacked adequate employment in January and struggled to make ends meet with reduced resources and bleak job prospects , according to a Gallup poll released on Tuesday .
In findings that appear to paint a darker employment picture than official U.S. data , Gallup estimated that about 30 million Americans are underemployed , meaning either jobless or able to find only part - time work .
Underemployed people spent 36 percent less on household purchases than their fully employed neighbors in January , while six out of 10 were not hopeful about their chances of finding adequate work in the coming month , the poll said .
Gallup surveyed more than 20,000 U.S. adults from January 2 to 31 .
The results have a 1 percentage point margin of error .
The poll comes at a time when voter anger over the slow economic recovery is running high and President Barack Obama ’s hopes of boosting employment through government programs have been frustrated by partisan rancor in Congress .
The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 9.7 percent in January but remains near record highs .
Gallup found that underemployed Americans were more likely to have a favorable view of Obama , with 55 percent approving of his performance as president against 49 percent of the public .
The poll ’s estimate of U.S. underemployment is higher than official statistics .
The Labor Department says 16.5 percent of American workers were without employment or worked part - time for economic reasons in January against Gallup ’s 19.9 percent .
A Labor Department official said the government rate may be lower because it factors out temporary seasonal changes in employment to better reflect the underlying economy .
Viva Leroy
Nash was first imprisoned for armed robbery at the age of 15
The oldest death row inmate in the US has died of natural causes aged 94 .
The Arizona Department of Corrections said Viva Leroy Nash died late on Friday at the state prison in Florence .
Nash had a criminal record dating back to the 1930s , and was deaf , mostly blind , mentally ill and had dementia , his lawyer said .
He was sentenced to death in 1983 , for shooting a salesman after escaping from jail .
But he managed to stave off his execution with a series of appeals .
At the time of his death , state prosecutors were appealing to the Supreme Court against a federal appeals court ruling that Nash might not be mentally competent to assist in his defence .
Nash spent 25 years in jail for shooting a Connecticut policeman in 1947
Nash 's lawyer , Thomas Phalen , told the Associated Press his client was born in 1915 and had grown up in southern Utah .
He was first imprisoned for armed robbery at the age of 15 in Kansas , he said .
He spent 25 years in prison for shooting a Connecticut police officer in 1947 .
Then in 1977 , Nash was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences for robbery and murder in Salt Lake City , but escaped from a prison work crew in 1982 .
That November , he went into a coin shop in Phoenix and shot an employee .
He was arrested as he fled the scene , and was later sentenced to death for first - degree murder .
How do you think the public would react if they were told that cats and dogs , rather than being bred , were taken from the wild ( and often injured in the process ) before being placed in an oft - inappropriate home ?
How about if the public were told that 90 % of the cats and dogs they bought would die in the first year ?
Do you suppose it would still be legal to own them ?
While this scenario is just an example , anemones in the home aquarium have a dismal survival rate ( " more than 90 % die within a year " - WetWebMedia ) !
Should anemones continue to be imported ?
What about other animals with incredibly poor survival records in captivity ( Dendronepthea & Goniopora species come to mind ) ?
Sure , everyone seems to " knows someone who knows someone " who 's had great success with this , that or the other " difficult " species , but does that mean 900 + should perish for every 1000 animals imported ?
' Picasso ' clown in an H. magnifica ' Ritteri ' anemone - this anemone species has a mortality rate of virtually 100 % in captivity .
Sarah Beggerly
Anemones do n't die of old age , and some have been documented to be several centuries old ( ritteri and carpet anemones ) so these animals can never have a " natural " lifespan in captivity !
It has also been documented scientifically that over collection of the bulb - tipped anemone has caused wild populations to plumment .
Food for thought ...?
In court , Michael Mineo told the story of his troubled young life , reciting the wrongs he had committed against others , and those he said had been visited upon him .
But Mr. Mineo , 25 , insisted that he was telling the truth when he spoke about what police officers did to him in a Brooklyn subway station on Oct. 15 , 2008 .
That day , he testified , after he was caught smoking marijuana and ran , an officer who arrested him shoved something “ hard ” between his buttocks  once , twice , three times , and then a fourth , this time into his rectum .
“ I felt it penetrating me , ” he said .
“ Something I have never felt before . ”
Another officer told him , “ You liked it , ” using a homophobic slur , Mr. Mineo said .
As they led him from the station in handcuffs , Mr. Mineo said , he implored the people he passed to help him .
Then , Mr. Mineo said , he was let go with a summons and a warning from an officer not to visit a hospital or a police station .
“ We have your address , ” Mr. Mineo said the officer told him .
“ We ’ll find you and put a felony on you . ”
Last Friday , President Obama met with House Republicans in Baltimore .
He took questions , parried criticisms , and allowed all of it to be put on television .
Framed as an opportunity for the president to hear from the other side , Mr. Obama 's real aim was to portray Republicans as obstructionist and boost his own public standing in the process .
Afterward , ...
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) --
The parents of Parker Jensen want the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to give them another chance to prove their constitutional rights were violated by Utah officials and medical personnel .
The Salt Lake Tribune reported from Denver on Thursday that an attorney told a panel of judges that Daren and Barbara Jensen have never been allowed to question those whose decisions allegedly violated their parental rights .
Utah sought custody of Parker , then 12 , in 2003 after his parents refused chemotherapy treatment for his cancer .
The Jensens were then charged with medical neglect and kidnapping , but later settled the case .
Now 19 , Parker was never treated and did not die as doctors predicted .
State and federal lawsuits filed by the Jensens against two doctors , child - protection workers and a state attorney have been dismissed .
------
Information from : The Salt Lake Tribune
( Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
×
Related Stories
I went to church with Tim Tebow when he was a high school senior and I was a sports columnist in Orlando .
I remember thinking then that once he got to the University of Florida , it was only a matter of time before he'd be studying from the Book of Happy Hour rather than the Book of Eli .
It 's not that I thought Tebow was n't being sincere when he stood before his Jacksonville church congregation and spoke passionately about what it was like to minister to orphans during his Christian missions overseas , or how he put his service to God above a high - profile football career .
I just thought : " He 's young .
He 'll grow out of it . "
Thankfully , he has n't .
As most sports fans know , Tebow used his time at Florida not only to prove he's one of the greatest college football players ever , but also to promote his Christian values .
And as he transitions into professional football , Tebow is showing his values remain important to him , even with millions of dollars at stake now .
But anytime you believe in something as strongly as Tebow does , it 's bound to cause problems .
On Super Bowl Sunday , Tebow reportedly will appear in a commercial with his mother , Pam .
But it wo n't be one of those deals where he and mom imitate the Manning brothers and challenge each other to an Oreo - licking contest .
The 30 - second ad , which is being bankrolled by the conservative Christian group Focus on the Family , reportedly will feature Tim and Pam telling their story of his birth .
While pregnant with Tim , her fifth child , Pam fell seriously ill during a mission in the Philippines .
Her condition was so severe , doctors told Pam to have an abortion .
She refused , obviously , and along came Tim , one of the most decorated players in college football history .
The ad has created enormous controversy , to the point that one of the most popular college athletes ever all of a sudden has a brand new list of enemies that includes more than just his former SEC opponents .
Special interest groups , including several noted feminists , and the media have criticized the Tebows for ruining their de facto national holiday ; and CBS has been called hypocritical because , in the past , the network has declined to air such advocacy commercials during Super Bowl Sunday .
The critics say the Tebows and CBS will be airing a strong anti-abortion message that , in addition , suggests to women they wo n't put their lives at risk if they ignore medical professionals and follow the path that Tebow 's parents took .
Feminists suggesting women can't think for themselves ?
Talk about irony .
It 's a serious reach ; but let 's put our religious and political beliefs aside for a moment and put Tebow 's participation in this ad in its proper context .
It 's his first major national ad since leaving the Gators , and he is n't hawking Nikes , energy drinks or candy bars .
Instead , he 's putting himself in the middle of one of the most divisive issues in this country -- and on the biggest sporting day of the year .
Just think about that .
Tebow 's parents , Bob and Pam , would n't have to go too far to watch him play .
Kirby Lee / US
Presswire
If you thought Tebow 's jump pass , or that fire - and - brimstone speech he gave following Florida 's loss to Ole Miss in 2008 was unbelievable , this should be considered downright extraordinary .
In today 's sports climate , expressing an opinion often results in serious backlash .
In some cases , an athlete 's choosing to do what Tebow is doing might be professional suicide .
Tebow 's decision to appear in this ad should be considered just as courageous as Muhammad Ali 's decision to not enter the draft , or Tommie Smith 's and John Carlos ' black power salute at the 1968 summer Olympics .
No , I 'm not kidding .
And yes , I 'd say that if Tebow were appearing in an ad that advocated a pro-choice position .
Ali , Smith and Carlos championed their views at a time when not everyone supported the idea of equality , and when refusing to serve your country was considered blasphemous .
Their views , to put it mildly , were thought to be inappropriate , militant and , in Ali 's case , completely anti-patriotic .
And while abortion has been legal in America since 1973 , it remains a toxic issue in our society .
A large percentage of women will tell you they do n't like anyone telling them what to do with their bodies .
People have lost their lives fighting for and against abortion , and now here comes a college football player and his mother joining the emotional debate .
Obviously , the Tebows are n't likely in danger of facing the grim repercussions that Ali , Smith and Carlos suffered -- Ali risked prison , while Smith and Carlos were outcasts for decades -- but the detractors are lining up to malign the Tebows , and I 'll bet some companies with endorsement opportunities will avoid him going forward .
Attorney Gloria Allred has been highly critical of the controversial ad .
AP Photo / Nick Ut
In a letter sent to Les Moonves , head of the CBS Corporation , and then made public , Gloria Allred , the famous feminist lawyer , threatened to file a formal complaint about misleading advertising if the network does not disclose that abortions have been illegal in the Philippines since 1930 .
Allred 's letter suggests the Tebows ' account of the decision not to abort is n't the full version .
" This is not just another ad , " Allred wrote .
" Women 's lives are at stake .
No woman should have to live in a country where abortion is illegal as it once was in the U.S. "
Terry O' Neill , the president of the National Organization of Women , also released a statement , saying the " goal of Focus on the Family ad is not to empower women . "
The specific contents of the ad have yet to be confirmed , but in the minds of some special - interest groups and media critics , it immediately takes Tebow from college football hero to a misogynist worthy of the presidency of Spanky 's He -Man Woman Haters Club in the old TV show " The Little Rascals . "
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) --
Iraq has ordered former employees of the private military contractor once known as Blackwater to leave the country , its interior minister announced Wednesday .
Contractors who once worked for Blackwater , now known as Xe , have seven days to leave Iraq , Interior Minister Jawad al - Bolani told the state television network al - Iraqiya .
The move follows a January declaration by Iraq 's government that former Blackwater employees were no longer welcome in the country .
Blackwater became the target of widespread Iraqi outrage after its contractors were involved in the September 2007 shooting in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square that left 17 civilians dead .
That outrage was renewed in December , when a U.S. judge dismissed manslaughter charges against five guards involved in the shootings on constitutional grounds .
The company 's last contracts in Iraq have been transferred to other companies .
But Iraqi authorities say about 250 former Blackwater employees remain behind , some working for other security firms .
" I do n't think the Iraqi government is willing to have any Blackwater member , even if they are working in other companies , " government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh told CNN in January .
" We do n't like to see them here working in any company . "
Blackwater had about 1,000 contractors working in Iraq at the height of its involvement , guarding diplomatic convoys and supply vehicles around the country after the U.S. invasion in 2003 .
At least 10 of its employees were killed , including four whose burned and mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets of Fallujah after an ambush in 2004 .
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .
For those who have n’t been paying attention , there ’s a vital underground hip - hop scene brewing in Boston , boasting some of the finest rappers , producers , and DJs around .
The latest of the bunch is rapper H.W. ( Hazardous Wastes ) .
The Boston - based rapper presents his newest full - length project , A Year ’s Worth of Worry , for free .
Featuring DJ Emoh on the tables , A Year ’s Worth of Worry plays with insecurities and melancholy , yet with some quirky optimism squeezed in for good measure .
Check it out and leave us your thoughts .
Download : H.W. – A Year ’s Worth of Worry
Many of the Republican talking points during the Health care reform debate accused the Democrats of trying to ration health care , cut Medicare , and even institute “ death panels ” that would decide your granny did n’t deserve to live .
Well , the death panels were a complete fabrication , and cutting Medicare turned out to actually be making it more efficient so that it could save money ( without cutting actual health care ) .
And rationing ?
That was a total red herring , since every health care system in existence has to ration care , since you ca n’t possibly provide infinite amounts of health care .
Well , it turns out that the Republicans were n’t actually against rationing , Medicare cuts , or death panels .
In fact , their new “ Roadmap for America ’s Future ” actually includes those things .
They were just against the government doing it .
Instead , the Republicans want to “ privatize ” Medicare .
In their plan , seniors will be issued vouchers to purchase private health insurance .
The catch ?
The vouchers wo n’t be big enough to pay for the care that seniors get from Medicare !
And they wo n’t keep pace with rising health insurance rates , so the situation will get worse over time .
Ironically , in presenting the plan , Congressman Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) actually admitted that “ Rationing happens today ! ” — does n’t that mean that their earlier accusations that the Democrats wanted to ration health care were simply lies ?
Republicans are all for rationing as long as it is done by private health insurance companies .
And as for Medicare , the Republicans do n’t want to just cut it , they want to gut it .
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 , 11:20 am
The Founding Fathers Were Christians
It really can't be contested that the Founding Fathers were Christians .
Many of them refer to their faith in God and Jesus Christ in letters , diaries , and other personal writings .
Several of them spoke publicly about their faith guiding them , and some even said that good , Christian morals are something they look for in democratically elected leaders .
Even noted skeptic and some portions of the Bible to be accurate .
Recently , there has been a push from social conservatives to re-write history textbooks to put an emphasis on this Christian influence on the Founding Fathers .
This has been playing out particularly
To be clear , in the late 18th Century , there were state religions in the United States .
Most of the New England states had Congregational churches ( the denomination that grew out of the Puritan movement ) that were supported by tax money , and it was common for laws requiring church attendance to still be on the books .
Disestablishment was n't completed in New England until the 1830s .
Most of the Southern colonies , at the time of the Revolution , were still swearing allegiance to the Church of England .
Of course , state religion was n't everywhere .
Maryland was founded as a haven for Catholics , though Parliament reversed course shortly thereafter and by the time of the Revolution it was majority Protestant and does not appear to have had an official religion .
Pennsylvania was colonized by English Quakers and Germans , who mostly followed Lutheranism , though , again , as an early adopter of freedom of religion ( at least among monotheists ) , it can't be said that Pennsylvania had a state religion .
But , at least on the surface , the argument that the Founding Fathers were Christians ( or at least monotheists ) holds water .
But does that translate to an assumption that they intended this to be a Christian nation ?
Well , as
These are men who were comfortable referring to God and to Jesus Christ , and yet the Declaration of Independence 's only religious references are the oddly phrased " the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God , " the broad " endowed by their Creator " statement -- a term for the divine that seems more at home in Native American culture than among Christians -- and the closing reliance on the " protection of Divine Providence . "
This is not clearly a Christian document .
It certainly bespeaks of having been written by men who were comfortable with religious expression , but it does not imply an intention to form a Christian nation .
The Constitution is even more damning to the " Christian nation " case .
The preamble to the Constitution does not say , " We the God- fearing Christians of the United States , " as the Founding Fathers might have said in their personal speeches or letters .
It says , " We the People . "
There is absolutely no reference to God in the Constitution , which was meant to be the guiding document for our entire government .
In fact , Article VI explicitly prohibited the use of a religious test as a requirement to hold public office .
If the Founding Fathers had really intended Christianity to play an official role in governing , would they really have overlooked it and accidentally created a thoroughly and completely secular document ?
But let 's assume , for the sake of argument , that we 're reading the intention of the Founding Fathers all wrong .
They simply meant that there should n't be any one Church of the United States , and instead all the churches to which they belonged should be obeyed when it comes to public policy .
Let 's see how that plays out .
Let 's look at a current political issue , preferably one where the Christian history of our nation is coming into play : same - sex marriage .
Let 's create a fictional religious council where the various Christian denominations of the Founding Fathers get to vote .
The United States in 1787 was majority Congregational .
The Congregational Church is today the United Church of Christ ( though many of the church buildings themselves retain the " Congregational " title for historical reasons ) .
But , in the interest of religious equality , let 's ignore the demographics and give the UCC one seat on the council .
The U.S. branch of the Church of England is the Episcopal Church .
Since the South was majority Anglican , let 's give the Episcopalians one seat on the council .
Quakers are still around .
Check .
Give them one seat .
Lutherans are still around , though there have been a couple of schisms and reformations in its history .
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of America is , by far , the largest Lutheran denomination in the U.S. , so we 'll give them one seat .
Though the Catholics were n't a majority in Maryland , they were ( and still are ) the largest denomination in the state .
There were enough of them that it 's unlikely Maryland would have joined the union without Catholics being represented .
Fine .
As a powerful minority religion we 'll give them a seat on the council as well .
Of course , if we 're going to include powerful minority religions , we can't overlook the Baptists .
They were a major force behind the First Amendment , because their fundamentalist view of the Bible was out of favor and they feared that without an explicit amendment prohibiting the establishment of religion and protecting their freedom of belief , laws would be passed to outlaw their denomination ( or , at least , relegate it to obscurity ) .
It 's safe to assume there were Baptists present at the Constitutional Convention in 1787 .
In the interest of fairness , we 'll give the Baptists one seat .
And , of course , we can't forget the fact that a great many -- perhaps a majority -- of the Founding Fathers were Deists .
The Deists never formed churches , but both the Unitarian Church and the Universalist Church were founded based on Deist principals .
Today they 've merged into the Unitarian Universalist Church , so I think it 's fair to give them , as the largest extant representative of the belief system , one seat as well .
Now , let 's see where our theoretical council stands on same - sex marriage :
United Church of Christ :
Episcopal Church :
Quakers :
Evangelical Lutheran Church of America :
Catholic Church :
Baptist Church :
Unitarian Universalist Church :
So , the vote of the Founding Fathers ' churches comes out 5 - 2 in favor of same - sex marriage .
Do we think that 's what those trying to emphasize the Founding Fathers ' religion hoped the outcome would be ?
It really can't be contested that the Founding Fathers were Christians .
Many of them refer to their faith in God and Jesus Christ in letters , diaries , and other personal writings .
Several of them spoke publicly about their faith guiding them , and some even said that good , Christian morals are something they look for in democratically elected leaders .
Even noted skeptic and Deist Thomas Jefferson still heldportions of the Bible to be accurate .
Recently , there has been a push from social conservatives to re-write history textbooks to put an emphasis on this Christian influence on the Founding Fathers .
This has been playing out particularly in Texas , a state which has had its education standards adopted by most other states , and therefore tends to have textbooks written to its standards and then used nationwide .
The point , of course , is to emphasize that it was the intention of the Founding Fathers that this should be a Christian nation , and that the First Amendment was merely intended to prevent any one denomination from becoming the official religion of the entire United States of America .
To be clear , in the late 18th Century , therestate religions in the United States .
Most of the New England states had Congregational churches ( the denomination that grew out of the Puritan movement ) that were supported by tax money , and it was common for laws requiring church attendance to still be on the books .
Disestablishment was n't completed in New England until the 1830s .
Most of the Southern colonies , at the time of the Revolution , were still swearing allegiance to the Church of England .
Of course , state religion was n't everywhere .
Maryland was founded as a haven for Catholics , though Parliament reversed course shortly thereafter and by the time of the Revolution it was majority Protestant and does not appear to have had an official religion .
Pennsylvania was colonized by English Quakers and Germans , who mostly followed Lutheranism , though , again , as an early adopter of freedom of religion ( at least among monotheists ) , it can't be said that Pennsylvania had a state religion .
But , at least on the surface , the argument that the Founding Fathers were Christians ( or at least monotheists ) holds water .
But does that translate to an assumption that they intended this to be a Christian nation ?
Well , as the New York Times Magazine article I 've linked to above points out , there 's a major flaw with that logic :
The Founding Fathers never once mention Jesus Christ in the Declaration of Independence , or in the Constitution .
These are men who were comfortable referring to God and to Jesus Christ , and yet the Declaration of Independence 's only religious references are the oddly phrased " the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God , " the broad " endowed by their Creator " statement -- a term for the divine that seems more at home in Native American culture than among Christians -- and the closing reliance on the " protection of Divine Providence . "
This is not clearly a Christian document .
It certainly bespeaks of having been written by men who were comfortable with religious expression , but it does not imply an intention to form a Christian nation .
The Constitution is even more damning to the " Christian nation " case .
The preamble to the Constitution does not say , " We the God- fearing Christians of the United States , " as the Founding Fathers might have said in their personal speeches or letters .
It says , " We the People . "
There is absolutely no reference to God in the Constitution , which was meant to be the guiding document for our entire government .
In fact , Article VI explicitly prohibited the use of a religious test as a requirement to hold public office .
If the Founding Fathers had really intended Christianity to play an official role in governing , would they really have overlooked it and accidentally created a thoroughly and completely secular document ?
But let 's assume , for the sake of argument , that we 're reading the intention of the Founding Fathers all wrong .
They simply meant that there should n't be anyChurch of the United States , and instead all the churches to which they belonged should be obeyed when it comes to public policy .
Let 's see how that plays out .
Let 's look at a current political issue , preferably one where the Christian history of our nation is coming into play : same - sex marriage .
Let 's create a fictional religious council where the various Christian denominations of the Founding Fathers get to vote .
The United States in 1787 was majority Congregational .
The Congregational Church is today the United Church of Christ ( though many of the church buildings themselves retain the " Congregational " title for historical reasons ) .
But , in the interest of religious equality , let 's ignore the demographics and give the UCC one seat on the council .
The U.S. branch of the Church of England is the Episcopal Church .
Since the South was majority Anglican , let 's give the Episcopalians one seat on the council .
Quakers are still around .
Check .
Give them one seat .
Lutherans are still around , though there have been a couple of schisms and reformations in its history .
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of America is , by far , the largest Lutheran denomination in the U.S. , so we 'll give them one seat .
Though the Catholics were n't a majority in Maryland , they were ( and still are ) the largest denomination in the state .
There were enough of them that it 's unlikely Maryland would have joined the union without Catholics being represented .
Fine .
As a powerful minority religion we 'll give them a seat on the council as well .
Of course , if we 're going to include powerful minority religions , we can't overlook the Baptists .
They were a major force behind the First Amendment , because their fundamentalist view of the Bible was out of favor and they feared that without an explicit amendment prohibiting the establishment of religion and protecting their freedom of belief , laws would be passed to outlaw their denomination ( or , at least , relegate it to obscurity ) .
It 's safe to assume there were Baptists present at the Constitutional Convention in 1787 .
In the interest of fairness , we 'll give the Baptists one seat .
And , of course , we can't forget the fact that a great many -- perhaps a majority -- of the Founding Fathers were Deists .
The Deists never formed churches , but both the Unitarian Church and the Universalist Church were founded based on Deist principals .
Today they 've merged into the Unitarian Universalist Church , so I think it 's fair to give them , as the largest extant representative of the belief system , one seat as well .
Now , let 's see where our theoretical council stands on same - sex marriage : United Church of Christ : For Episcopal Church : For Quakers : For Evangelical Lutheran Church of America : For Catholic Church : Against Baptist Church : Against Unitarian Universalist Church : For So , the vote of the Founding Fathers ' churches comes out 5 - 2 in favor of same - sex marriage .
Do we think that 's what those trying to emphasize the Founding Fathers ' religion hoped the outcome would be ?
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 07:28 pm ( UTC )
alex_victory
This is excellent .
Mind if I share it around ?
This is excellent .
Mind if I share it around ?
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 07:30 pm ( UTC )
jimkeller Please do !
Please do !
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 07:36 pm ( UTC )
crboltz
While I know a few historians ( from my days working at a religious site for the PA Historical Society ) who could blast your over - simplification within an inch of its life ... its very interesting , and clever .
The biggest group you are missing a whole bunch of early religious orders ( that could n't agree with each other on all points ) that fled Europe due to their belief in celibacy -- not just for the clergy but of all members .
My guess is they would be another Against vote ... but they mostly died out for some reason .
( My favorite of these sects , whose name I have forgotten -- had a pretty groovy costume which the wore as they traveled through the forests looking for a virgin giving birth to the re-born savior while on the back of a mule .
They were told this would happen at night in the new world , and calculated N./W. Virginia , western PA , Western New York would be the location .
I always suspected they died of frost bite -- oh and they did n't allow women in their lives -- no women ever . )
While I know a few historians ( from my days working at a religious site for the PA Historical Society ) who could blast your over - simplification within an inch of its life ... its very interesting , and clever .
The biggest group you are missing a whole bunch of early religious orders ( that could n't agree with each other on all points ) that fled Europe due to their belief in celibacy -- not just for the clergy but of all members .
My guess is they would be another Against vote ... but they mostly died out for some reason .
( My favorite of these sects , whose name I have forgotten -- had a pretty groovy costume which the wore as they traveled through the forests looking for a virgin giving birth to the re-born savior while on the back of a mule .
They were told this would happen at night in the new world , and calculated N./W. Virginia , western PA , Western New York would be the location .
I always suspected they died of frost bite -- oh and they did n't allow women in their lives -- no women ever . )
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 07:47 pm ( UTC )
jimkeller
Yes , but how many of the Founding Fathers belonged to these odd little sects ?
Clearly early America was made up of an enormous religious plurality , much as it is today , which , of course , is why the Founding Fathers created a deliberately secular nation .
I 'm attempting to mock the notion of reliance on the Founding Fathers ' religions in present - day public policy , not by any means to imply that we should be adopting this model .
Yes , but how many of the Founding Fathers belonged to these odd little sects ?
Clearly early America was made up of an enormous religious plurality , much as it is today , which , of course , is why the Founding Fathers created a deliberately secular nation .
I 'm attempting to mock the notion of reliance on the Founding Fathers ' religions in present - day public policy , not by any means to imply that we should be adopting this model .
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 09:27 pm ( UTC )
hiddentass
You have beautiful points that I am going to ignore in favor of a joke :
" This has been playing out particularly in Texas , a state which has had its education standards adopted by most other states , and therefore tends to have textbooks written to its standards and then used nationwide . "
Has n't their book depository caused enough problems ?
I return you to thoughtful and appreciated commentary on religion and politics .
- Tass
You have beautiful points that I am going to ignore in favor of a joke : " This has been playing out particularly in Texas , a state which has had its education standards adopted by most other states , and therefore tends to have textbooks written to its standards and then used nationwide .
" Has n't their book depository caused enough problems ?
I return you to thoughtful and appreciated commentary on religion and politics .
- Tass Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 09:40 pm ( UTC )
jimkeller LOL !
LOL !
Thu , Feb .
18th , 2010 06:00 am ( UTC )
bowtomecha hahahaha !!
hahahaha !!
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 10:07 pm ( UTC )
stacymckenna
I get a vote !
Woot !
Now , if only the rest of my " sect " would get themselves in gear on the whole marriage thing ... stupid schisms .
Sadly , we may just have to wait for them to die off , mercenary as that sounds .
I get a vote !
Woot !
Now , if only the rest of my " sect " would get themselves in gear on the whole marriage thing ... stupid schisms .
Sadly , we may just have to wait for them to die off , mercenary as that sounds .
Wed , Feb .
17th , 2010 10:10 pm ( UTC )
jimkeller Unfortunately , that is the major way societal shifts occur .
It would be nice if we could all remain as open - minded as young people throughout our lives .
I strive to do so myself , but I fear the tendency to become stuck in the past may be a large genetic hurdle to overcome .
Unfortunately , that is the major way societal shifts occur .
It would be nice if we could all remain as open - minded as young people throughout our lives .
I strive to do so myself , but I fear the tendency to become stuck in the past may be a large genetic hurdle to overcome .
Thu , Feb .
18th , 2010 02:05 am ( UTC )
kclightman I would argue that a Deist is not the same thing as a Christian , and lots of non-Christians find some wisdom in the Bible .
Seeing that does not make someone Christian .
I would argue that a Deist is not the same thing as a Christian , and lots of non-Christians find some wisdom in the Bible .
Seeing that does not make someone Christian .
Thu , Feb .
18th , 2010 04:13 am ( UTC )
jimkeller
There are many who do not consider the Unitarian Universalists to be Christians along similar lines of reasoning .
Ultimately , it 's about semantics , as I once had a friend who described herself as an " atheist Christian " because she embraced the philosophy , but not the belief system .
There are many who do not consider the Unitarian Universalists to be Christians along similar lines of reasoning .
Ultimately , it 's about semantics , as I once had a friend who described herself as an " atheist Christian " because she embraced the philosophy , but not the belief system .
Wed , Feb. 2nd , 2011 05:42 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) Actually , the founding fathers were Protestants .
Still a form of Christianity , however nothing like the Christianity we know today .
Fri , Feb. 4th , 2011 05:34 pm ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) Well ... so much for the Senatorial method of counting votes ( one vote per denomination )
Lets go to the other side of the aisle and use the House voting based on population .
For Against Denomination Source
13,500,000 Fri , Feb. 4th , 2011 06:09 pm ( UTC )
jimkeller
That sounds like fun !
Let 's see ... in 1787 ( lack of census data makes this challenging , so I 'll pull some plausible numbers based on my own research ) the U.S. was approximately 48 % Congregational , and 44 % Episcopalian .
Remember , the other religions I gave a seat to were small , unpopular religions .
I gave them a vote out of a desire to make sure everyone had a say , not because they represented a significant portion of the population .
( Much like the Senate gives as much weight to the opinion of Delaware as it does to the opinion of California . )
But , let 's assume instead that we adjust for the current religious breakdown of the country every 10 years .
Well , as of 2007 , 57 % of Americans self - identified as atheist , agnostic , or non-practicing .
It 's not rational to assume that these people would be content to be excluded from the lawmaking process , so there would almost certainly be seats on said council for those with no religious affiliation .
So those who would meet a Constitutional definition of " Christian " on the council of belief become the minority .
And how does that affect the votes on a council that looks solely at whether or not there is a religious objection to a law ?
Well , if the majority do not meet the definition of religious , we can assume that the majority of Americans have no religious objection , and 57 % automatically vote to allow a law to go forward no matter what .
In other words , our theoretical council can immediately be dissolved , since religion has no place in American lawmaking .
That sounds like fun !
Let 's see ... in 1787 ( lack of census data makes this challenging , so I 'll pull some plausible numbers based on my own research ) the U.S. was approximately 48 % Congregational , and 44 % Episcopalian .
Remember , the other religions I gave a seat to were small , unpopular religions .
I gave them a vote out of a desire to make sure everyone had a say , not because they represented a significant portion of the population .
( Much like the Senate gives as much weight to the opinion of Delaware as it does to the opinion of California . )
But , let 's assume instead that we adjust for the current religious breakdown of the country every 10 years .
Well , as of 2007 , 57 % of Americans self - identified as atheist , agnostic , or non-practicing .
It 's not rational to assume that these people would be content to be excluded from the lawmaking process , so there would almost certainly be seats on said council for those with no religious affiliation .
So those who would meet a Constitutional definition of " Christian " on the council of belief become the minority .
And how does that affect the votes on a council that looks solely at whether or not there is a religious objection to a law ?
Well , if the majority do not meet the definition of religious , we can assume that the majority of Americans have noobjection , and 57 % automatically vote to allow a law to go forward no matter what .
In other words , our theoretical council can immediately be dissolved , since religion has no place in American lawmaking .
Unlike many other nonprofit organizations , Direct Relief does not rely on any funding from government grants .
Support comes entirely from private individuals , associations , foundations , and businesses who entrust Direct Relief with resources so that it can fulfill its humanitarian mission .
Direct Relief ’s donation policy ensures that 100 percent of all designated contributions for specific programs or emergency responses are used only on expenses related to supporting that program or response .
All fundraising costs are absorbed by the organization to honor the intent of donors who restricted their contributions while ensuring disaster victims receive the fullest measure of assistance possible .
By clarifying that Direct Relief may use your contribution wherever most needed , you allow the organization to strengthen the long - term health systems that are vital to vulnerable people around the world and respond to emergencies that do not receive widespread attention .
Direct Relief commits to spend your money in the most productive , efficient way possible .
If you wish to restrict the use of your donation only for a specific purpose or area , Direct Relief will honor that wish or tell you that it cannot and offer to return your contribution .
Direct Relief has not and will not collect money for what may appear to be a specific incident or purpose with the intention of using it for other purposes .
Have a question about donating ?
Contact us for answers .
How is Funding for Emergencies Handled ?
Direct Relief ’s policy ensures that 100 percent of all designated contributions for specific programs or emergency responses are used only on expenses related to supporting that program or response .
This policy applies to all of Direct Relief ’s disaster responses , including responses to Hurricanes Maria , Harvey , and Irma , the Ebola outbreak in West Africa , Hurricanes Sandy , Katrina , and Rita , and earthquakes in Ecuador , Nepal , Japan , Haiti , Pakistan , Peru , China , and Chile .
Direct Relief believes this is appropriate for honoring precisely the clear intent of generous donors who responded to these tragedies and to preserve the maximum benefit for the survivors for whose benefit the funds were entrusted to Direct Relief .
Direct Relief practices have long recognized the importance of enabling donors to communicate their intentions regarding donations and explaining how the organization carefully accounts for and uses designated contributions to honor the donors ’ intentions .
Direct Relief takes several steps to ensure that both donors ’ intentions and the organization ’s use of contributions are clear .
Ensuring Donor Intent
To ensure that donors have the ability to communicate their intention regarding a gift , Direct Relief ’s online donation page allows people to provide instruction for how a donation is to be allocated among Direct Relief ’s various program activities , including specific emergencies .
Other methods of contributions , such as by check or wire transfer that include a notation in the check memo line or accompanying correspondence also will be considered as instruction to restrict the gift for particular program activities .
Detailed Accounting for Emergency Funds
An internal fund is created with all designated contributions , and all expenditures related to emergency response are recorded for both internal management and external reporting purposes .
Independently audited financial statements are prepared and published annually , but Direct Relief will share current information on its website as events unfold regarding programmatic activities and expenditures .
No Emergency Funds are Used for Fundraising Expenses
100 percent of Direct Relief ’s fundraising expenses are paid by a bequest .
This means that no portion of any emergency contribution ( or any other contribution ) will be used for fundraising purposes .
What Restricted Funds May be Used For
Emergency contributions will be used only for emergency - related programmatic costs and administrative expenses directly related to the emergency response activity .
Programmatic costs include those related to purchasing , storing , transporting , and distributing essential medical material to affected areas and the costs of programmatic staff and related travel for emergency relief - assistance functions .
Directly related administrative expenses include credit - card processing fees associated with the receipt of emergency contributions ; accounting fees associated with managing emergency funds ; postage related to issuing receipts to emergency donors ; banking fees related to wire transfers of emergency donations ; warehousing and packaging of medical material ; and IT support costs that are necessary to conduct emergency - related programmatic activity ( such as inventory management of medical material being provided in the relief effort ) .
General , unrestricted financial support is essential for Direct Relief to fulfill any of its deeply compelling humanitarian activities , including being able to respond rapidly to any emergency .
Such unrestricted contributions always are needed , deeply appreciated , and enable Direct Relief to assist people in many places and situations that do not make the news .
However , Direct Relief is obligated to — and will always — honor the intent of a donor - designated financial contribution .
If a donor were to make a clearly restricted gift for a purpose or with a restriction that Direct Relief is not able to fulfill or comply with , Direct Relief will advise the donor of this situation and inquire if other uses may be permitted .
In the event that a donor ’s intent cannot be met by Direct Relief , the organization would offer to direct the gift to another nonprofit that would be able to fulfill the donor ’s intent or return the gift .
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Certain states require written disclosures for nonprofit organizations soliciting contributions .
Individual state disclosures are below .
Florida :
A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll - free , within the State , 1-800-435-7352 ( 800 - HELP - FLA ) , or visiting www.floridaconsumerhelp.com.
Registration does not imply endorsement , approval or recommendation by the State .
Florida Registration # CH3137
Georgia :
A full and fair description of our programs and our financial statement summary is available upon request at our office and phone number indicated above .
Maryland :
For the cost of copies and postage , from the Office of the Secretary of State , State House , Annapolis , MD 21401 .
Mississippi :
The official registration and financial information of Direct Relief may be obtained from the Mississippi Secretary of State ’s office by calling 1-888-236-6167 .
Registration by the Secretary of State does not imply endorsement .
Nevada : Contributions may be tax deductible pursuant to the provisions of sec. 170 ( c ) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , 26 U.S.C. 170 ( c ) .
New Jersey : Information filed with the attorney general concerning this charitable solicitation and the percentage of contributions received by the charity during the last reporting period that were dedicated to the charitable purpose may be obtained from the attorney general of the state of New Jersey by calling ( 973 ) 504-6215 and is available at www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/charfrm.htm.
Registration with the Attorney General does not imply endorsement .
New York : Upon request , from the Attorney General ’s Charities Bureau , 28 Liberty Street , New York , NY 10005 , 1-212-416-8686 or www.charitiesnys.com.
North Carolina : Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 1-919-814-5400 .
The license is not an endorsement by the state .
Pennsylvania :
The official registration and financial information of Direct Relief may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll - free , within Pennsylvania , 1-800-732-0999 .
Virginia : From the State Office of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Affairs , P.O. Box 1163 , Richmond , VA 23218 .
Washington : From the Secretary of State at 1-800-332-4483 or www.sos.wa.gov/charities.
West Virginia : West Virginia residents may obtain a summary of the registration and financial documents from the Secretary of State , State Capitol , Charleston , WV 25305 .
Wisconsin : A financial statement of the charitable organization disclosing assets , liabilities , fund balances , revenue and expenses for the preceding fiscal year will be provided to any person upon request .
Registration with a state agency does not constitute or imply endorsement , approval or recommendation by that state .
More information about charity state disclosures and charitable solicitation registrations .
Alamy
EVEN when one person is doing all the talking , a conversation is an interactive process .
The listener participates through expression , posture and movement , and the speaker interprets what he sees to determine what the listener does and does not understand .
Computers , however , cannot make such interpretations .
Or , at least , they have not been able to do so until now .
But a study by Louis - Philippe Morency of the University of Southern California and his colleagues may change that .
In the latest edition of the Journal of Alternative Agent and Multiagent Systems they demonstrated that a computer can be given the ability to understand at least one significant human gesture : the nod .
The nod is one of the most important signals a person can send .
When made at the right time , it means “ I am engaged in what you are saying ” or “ I understand ” .
For computer programs and robots that are designed to interact with people , being able to notice nods and respond with nods of their own ( through an on - screen avatar in the case of a computer , and with actual nods in the case of robots ) would be a boon .
Unfortunately , nobody has yet been able to get it right .
Psychologists have spent years analysing human interactions to try to work out what it is that makes someone nod .
The results have been poor .
Studying interactions is gruelling and time - consuming work .
The rule of thumb in the field is that each recorded minute of interaction takes an hour to analyse .
Moreover , many social cues are subtle , and not easily noticed by even the most attentive psychologists .
Dr Morency therefore set out to develop a computer system that can automate the process .
It is able to analyse video and audio recordings in order to recognise gestures of both posture ( moving the head in particular ways , for example ) and voice ( such as changes in pitch ) .
The system logs the sequence of these cues , and then compares sequences from different speakers to see which combinations routinely lead to a listener nodding , and which do not .
The result is a “ cookbook ” detailing which recipes ( combinations of cues ) are most likely to make listeners nod .
To try the system out , the team established an experiment with 100 participants , all of whom were asked either to watch a short video and describe what they saw , or to listen to the description and describe what they heard .
Dr Morency knew from past experiments that lowering of vocal pitch and pausing were both cues likely to draw a nod from a listener , so these were things that he programmed the system to look out for .
He and his colleagues suspected , however , that the cues for nodding were far more complicated than the past studies had indicated .
They therefore programmed their system to look at a great many other characteristics , including body posture , direction of gaze and even the specific words that were being spoken .
Their paper reveals that there is much more to eliciting a nod than simply lowering the pitch of the voice and pausing .
While these two things are certainly relevant , the new system also picked up two more cues that nobody had noticed before .
One was that speakers frequently make a gaze shift towards a listener just before a nod is given .
The other is that they often use the word “ and ” to generate a responsive nod .
These findings , Dr Morency hopes , are only the beginning .
Although nods are important , they are but a small part of human social interaction .
He now plans to use the technology to analyse more subtle patterns of human interaction , some of which may — like the gazing and “ anding ” that trigger nods , not yet be known about .
Even just with nodding , though , the new system should have applications .
Added to teaching programs it will be able to help such software work out whether the lessons being proferred have been learned .
The armed forces , too , hope to benefit .
America 's army is already using the technology to analyse interactions between people in other countries , with a view to including this information in programs designed to teach cultural differences to soldiers stationed in foreign lands .
For once , then , the politics of gesture may be positive rather than negative .
In this tutorial you 'll learn how to create animated typography synchronized with musical events ( lyrics ) .
You 'll learn how to fit your typography to a rhythm , add dynamic animations and use the camera and motion blur to create a high - end final effect .
This tutorial showcases a technique that is highly sought after in motion graphics today .
We love to see what you do with the techniques taught at Aetuts +.
We encourage you to create your own motion typography videos in this style and post a link to your video in the comments below .
Most of all , we hope you enjoy the tut !
Markus :
Hey , this Markus Gustafsson from aetuts.com and I 'm going to show you can you can make one of these typography movies .
Song : Yeah , here we go for the hundredth time .
Hand grenade pins in every line .
Throw them up -
Markus :
Right , so this tutorial is going to be based on my own typography movie that I made with the song Linkin Park .
I 'm going to show you how I did and how I worked when I did this movie .
So let 's begin .
First of all , open a new composition .
I 'm going to name this " Bleed It Out " because we 're going to use that song again .
Import the sound , " Bleed It Out " and drag it down to the composition .
So the first step when it comes to syncing the sound , the audio , is basically just to write the text you are going to use .
We are going to use [ alerts ] for the " Bleed It Out " text and when you 're done with the title typing we will go to our audio layer , press " ll " and hold down the control key to scrub through the audio .
So there I heard the [ cue ] so we 're going to crop down the layers to the first sentence there .
Zoom in a bit .
We will listen to the " we go , go " .
Oops .
" For the . "
You need to listen very carefully .
Time , there you can hear the time .
So , let 's see if it 's all right .
Song : " Yeah here we go for the hundredth time . "
Markus : Looking good .
Right , so let 's pre-compose this .
Name it " One " .
And let 's begin with the other sentence .
And we 're going to do the second sentence exactly the same as we did with the first sentence .
Just going to type out the words , layer by layer .
It 's very important that you do this layer by layer because we 're going to animate these words later .
And we 're done with the typing .
We can go to our audio layer again and do the same things again , we 'll hold down the control .
Just going to crop them first , zoom in , and hold down control .
Not right .
There .
This is the " g " , grenade .
That 's the " p " .
There .
And line .
Awesome .
Song : " Hand grenade pins in every line . "
Markus : Looking good .
Let 's pre-compose this too , name it " Two " .
It 's going to crop that down .
Song : " Yeah here we go for the - "
Markus : Oops .
Song : " Yeah here we go for the hundredth time , hand grenade pins in every line . "
Markus : I think the hand just cut off just a bit too early .
Song : " Yeah here we go for the hundredth time , hand grenade pins in every line . "
Markus : Right , so , looking good .
Now we 're going to start designing these texts .
So we 're going to choose cool fonts .
Going to choose the same fonts I used in my own typography movie .
And we 're going to line this up .
So this ... looks good .
Here we go .
There is n't much to say about this process , just going to design this same way I did with my own typography movie .
Going to copy this position , just to line them up .
Same thing of the " for " .
And we 're going to choose copy the " for " position to " the " and the word " for " and " the " seem to be too big , just need to scale them down .
Scale them , just move them down .
Move them down a bit .
That 's pretty good .
Let 's do the same thing with the , " hundredth " .
Moving down , scaling up .
Moving down again .
Scaling up , and moving down .
Right , that looks pretty good to me .
Let 's go to the next sentence .
3D and motion [ blur ] and rotate it negative 90 degrees .
Let 's look at the grenade , oops .
I rotated , all the layers , 90 degrees .
Need to rotate the hand .
Right , so the grenade .
Just copy and paste the position of the " hand " and scale up the grenade .
Move it a bit to the right .
Just going to move down the " pins " .
Choose " pins " position and copy those to the other words .
Drag it to the right and drag " grenade " to the right and align .
Seems a bit too small so I 'm going to scale them up a bit .
Just move them down and move them in again .
Right , that looks pretty good to me .
Let 's start animating .
So we 're going to the first pre-compose and what I want to do is have the " here " word fly out .
Flying .
So we 're going to animate the " the " position , go back three frames .
And push the " the " position ... There .
And I want the word " hundredth " to fly in from the back .
So I 'm going to set the key frame for position .
Just move it back .
I also want it to fade in so animate the transparency , the opacity .
Now I 'm going to animate the " time " too , and choose the mask too because I want to animate the mask on the word sign .
So let 's set a key frame for the path .
What I want to do is to make the " time " word seem like it 's coming from the back of the " hundredth " so let 's take the bottom value to the top value .
Move the position up .
Moving up .
And there we go .
Pretty cool effect hey ?
Song : " Yeah here we go for the hundredth time - "
Markus : Looking pretty good .
So next step in this as well is to start animating with the camera .
So , new camera 35 mm .
Oops , no , 3D layers in the composition .
Let 's turn into 3D .
I 'll use the null object asset camera controller .
[ Parent ] it .
And what I want to do is start with the camera on the word " here " .
Zoom into the word , set the key frame .
And move there , see the word " we " ?
And just set the key , and what I want to do here is to zoom in on the word " we " .
We .
Here we go .
And when the " ' go " comes up I want to have the focus on " we go " .
So center these two words .
" For the " .
Just going to zoom out a bit .
And when the " hundredth " comes I want to zoom out again .
Center it .
And I want to do the same here .
When the time comes we 'll have to zoom it out so we can see the whole text .
Center it .
Let 's preview .
Looking good .
Now let 's preview these with motion grid .
Even better .
So what I want to do now is to make a pretty cool transition to the new sentence and I want to do that by zooming out with the camera .
And we 're going to position this next sentence negative 150 pixels .
And let 's set the key frame for the camera , move forward and zoom out until we see the word , " hands " .
Awesome .
We want to rotate the camera to negative 90 .
And we want to fade out the first sentence so that 's going to [ inaudible 12:46 ] .
Press " t " for [ inaudible 12:47 ] .
Set it down to zero .
Looking good , and what I want to do now is rotate the camera so we will have focus on the " grenade " .
So move it back to zero and let 's try to center this .
Hand grenade .
And I want to do is when the " pins " in every line comes up - I just want it to zoom out even more .
So just push the [ inaudible 13:43 ] position on the null just a bit , just to center it a bit .
There .
Just going to change the key frame velocity a bit in here , awesome .
There .
And the last part we 're going to do with the camera is to zoom by the next sentence .
Motion blur .
Looks like the rotation to the hand to the grenade seems to be too fast .
Just going to stand a bit , two frames .
Let 's preview .
Looks pretty good .
So let 's preview this video one more time with the sound on .
Song : " Yeah here we go for the hundredth time , hand grenade pins in every line .
Here we go -"
Markus :
So that 's it .
That 's my tutorial on how to make a typography movie .
Hope you guys learned a lot , this has been my Markus Gustafsson from aetuts.com .
Thanks for listening .
The September cover article in the Communications of the Association of Computing Machinery touched off a distinct buzz last month when more than 10 times the usual number of readers downloaded the article in the first two days it went online .
The subject ?
A survey of progress being made ( not much , apparently ) in solving the grand challenge for the fields of theoretical computer science and complexity theory .
The problem is described rather opaquely as P vs. NP , and it has to do with real world tasks like optimizing the layout of transistors on a computer chip or cracking computer codes .
Like earlier grand math challenges like Fermat ’s last theorem , there is a lot at stake , not the least of which is a $ 1 million cash prize that was offered for the solution as one of seven Mount Everest - style “ Millennium Problems ” the Clay Mathematics Institute offered almost a decade ago .
So far no one appears to be close to picking up a check .
The challenge , in its simplest , but not most understandable phrasing , is to determine whether or not P equals NP .
P stands for the class of problems that can be solved in polynomial time , or reasonably quickly .
NP stands for the class of problems that can be verified in polynomial time  quickly .
If it can be shown that P=NP , then it is possible that the world will be a very different place .
Immediately after your payment is processed , you will receive an email with an access link for two people ( the game is two - player only ) .
You and a friend will then be able to download all of the following DRM - free distributions : Windows build
MacOS build ( 10.2 and later , PPC / Intel )
Full source code bundle ( which can also be compiled on GNU / Linux )
Several resource packs , including one by Spore artist Shannon Galvin
The price also includes downloads of all future updates .
You can take a look at the system requirements .
Here is a comic even though Tony just came back from Mars while Wes dissed some organized insects .
Courtney House offers affordable , fully serviced offices in the heart of Luton .
Originally a Hat Factory , the 9 converted offices have a friendly relaxed atmosphere balanced with a professional working environment .
Situated just two minute 's walk from Luton Station , we ’re well connected to all transport links including the M1 / M25 , London Luton Airport , buses and trains - St Pancras can be reached in just 23 minutes .
Short term parking is right outside our door , with various all - day options within a few minutes ’ walk .
Moving in could n’t be easier - once agreed , you pay a month ’s rent in advance plus the same amount as a deposit .
The minimum licence period is 6 months , with a one month rolling notice period thereafter ( payable monthly in advance by Standing Order - all prices are subject to VAT ) .
The offices are unfurnished , giving you the opportunity to create your ideal working environment .
Time and again , the Obama administration has voiced its allegiance to science on politically controversial issues of environment , energy and health .
We think the administration ought to be true to this laudable principle on the question of medical marijuana .
The controversies that have erupted in many states over the legalization and regulation of medical marijuana could be alleviated if the federal government sponsored more and better research into the efficacy of marijuana in treating a variety of medical conditions .
That way , science could trump the half - baked justifications from some advocates who make all manner of claims about the medicinal powers of marijuana .
If marijuana were an FDA - approved drug with recognized benefits for certain , specific medical conditions , it could be prescribed like any other drug .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency contends prescription Marinol — which contains THC , the main active ingredient in marijuana — is an appropriate substitute for medical marijuana .
The DEA says there are no drugs approved by the Food and Drug Administration that are smoked .
The chemicals and carcinogens that are byproducts of smoking create a whole new set of health concerns .
Furthermore , the DEA argues that even though morphine is a drug with significant medical value , the FDA does not suggest smoking opium or heroin .
However , medical marijuana advocates argue that Marinol does n’t provide relief to all patients .
Some patients find alleviation of symptoms only from the fuller range of compounds contained in natural marijuana .
The anecdotal stories from people with serious illnesses are not to be dismissed .
However , it remains an argument without a definitive answer .
Clearly , more research needs to be done .
A New York Times story earlier this month said only a few small - scale studies have been done , and they are decades old , suggesting that smoked marijuana can provide relief when Marinol is ineffective .
The Wall Street Journal also ran a story on this topic this month , saying an American Medical Association review found there have been fewer than 20 randomized , clinical trials of smoked marijuana .
In all , the studies involved about 300 people , which is far short of the typical number required before a drug is approved for widespread use in the United States .
Much of the difficulty in regulating marijuana derives from the inability to truly classify it as a medicine .
Medical marijuana occupies a netherworld between homeopathic remedies and federally approved drugs .
Its complicated status is made even more volatile by the fact that it ’s illegal under federal law , yet ensconced in the Colorado state constitution .
If medical marijuana were a prescription drug , it would fit neatly into existing regulatory and law enforcement structures .
Now all that ’s necessary is the science to define its legitimate uses .
Frontpage Slideshow ( version 2.0.0 ) - Copyright © 2006 - 2008 by JoomlaWorks
Activities
Find out more about the activities taking place in the Dry Valleys including scientific research , media , arts , education , support operations and tourism .
Click here to find out more
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
Archbishop Tutu 's complete genome has been sequenced and published Scientists have analysed the genomes of five southern Africans , including Archbishop Desmond Tutu , to study their genetic diversity and health .
The research , published in the journal Nature , compared genes of the Archbishop with San people .
" I am excited by the results , " Archbishop Tutu told BBC News .
" Without these tests , I would not have known my bloodline ...
I am related to the San people , the first people to inhabit Southern Africa , " he explained .
Archbishop Tutu is a Bantu , traditionally an agricultural people , and said he was related to the San , who have traditionally lived around the Kalahari desert of southern Africa , through his mother .
" The fact that the test found that I am related to these wise people who paint rocks makes me feel very privileged and blessed . "
" Archbishop Tutu , through his Tswana and Nguni Ancestry , is an ideal representative for most southern Africans , " said co-author Vanessa Hayes from the University of New South Wales , Australia .
The team of researchers from Africa , America and Australia hope that the study will help redress the geographic imbalance in disease susceptibility studies based on genetics .
It would be disastrous if scientists were to ignore the diversity of the human race because this is the greatest asset of humanity
Archbishop Desmond Tutu Southern
Africans have often been poorly represented in drug trials and it will now be possible to include them in genome based studies on disease .
The Archbishop says he was sceptical at first but believes the study will directly benefit southern Africans .
" Initially I was not sure what the DNA test would prove but was willing nonetheless to go through with the project , " he said .
" Genetic information is important for pharmaceutical companies in preparation of drugs and it is for that reason among others that I agreed to participate in this research . "
All the participants were around 80 years old so long health records were also available for the scientists to study in conjunction with the genetic information .
Archbishop
Tutu has had cancer and said he was relieved at what the genome study told him about his personal health .
" The test revealed that although I have had TB and cancer , there were no genetic diseases and that gave me immense relief , " he told the BBC News website .
Geographic diversity
As well as the Archbishop , four indigenous hunter - gathers living in different parts of the Kalahari took part , all of them tribal elders .
The San people of the Kalahari are hunter - gatherers
The researchers say knowledge of their genetics is important in understanding the DNA of all other peoples because the Bushmen are the oldest known lineage of modern human .
The African continent is the most genetically diverse place on Earth , and the region from which all modern humans originate .
The study found that southern Africans were genetically quite distinct from Europeans , Asians and West Africans .
The diversity among the San people was particularly striking .
" On average , there are more genetic differences between any two [ San ] in our study than between a European and an Asian , " explained Professor Webb Miller from Pennsylvania State University in the US , who compared the genomes .
" To know how genes affect health , we need to see the full range of human genetic variation , and southern Africa is the place to look . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Some of the individual genes identified in the San were found to relate to their lifestyle and diet .
An allele associated with light coloured skin and one related to digestion of milk were not found .
An African specific malaria resistance allele was also not found .
The Kalahari Desert is largely malaria - free and the researchers say the lack of this gene could be significant if the Bushmen were forced into a farming lifestyle which could bring increased exposure to disease .
Four of the elders had genes linked with higher bone mineral density and strength ; three had genes associated with a better ability to sprint ; one of the men who lived in the desert had a gene which allows reabsorption of chloride ions which could help with salt and water retention .
Another genetic trait found was the ability to taste bitter compounds , which could help hunter gatherers avoid toxic plants .
Archbishop Desmond Tutu said the results of the study were important for everybody , not just southern Africans .
" It is exciting that science is finding evidence of genetic diversity among groups of people as well as among individuals and this discovery should be embraced , not feared , " he said .
" It would be disastrous if scientists were to ignore the diversity of the human race because this is the greatest asset of humanity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The bread and butter of an imperative programmer is the loop .
Coming from a C / assembly perspective , a loop is simply a structured goto which jumps back to a set location if some condition is not met .
Frequently , this loop ranges over the elements of some list data structure .
In C , you might be doing pointer arithmetic over the elements of an array or following pointers on a linked list until you get NULL ; in Python and other higher - level languages you get the for x in xs construct which neatly abstracts this functionality .
Inside of a loop , you also have access to the flow control operators break and continue , which are also highly structured gotos .
An even more compact form of loops and nested loops are list comprehensions , which do n't permit those flow operators .
Haskell encourages you to use the higher order forms such as map and fold , which even further restrict what may happen to the data .
You 'll certainly not see a for loop anywhere in Haskell ...
However , as a pernicious little exercise , and also a way to get a little more insight into what callCC might be good for , I decided to implement for ... in loops with both the continue and break keywords .
The end hope is to be able to write code such as :
import Prelude hiding ( break ) loopLookForIt :: ContT ( ) IO ( ) loopLookFor
It = for_in [ 0..100 ] $ \loop x -> do when ( x `mod` 3 == 1 ) $ continue loop when ( x `div` 17 == 2 ) $ break loop lift $ print x
as well as :
loopBreakOuter :: ContT ( ) IO ( ) loop BreakOuter = for_in [ 1,2,3 ] $ \outer x -> do for_in [ 4,5,6 ] $ \inner y -> do lift $ print y break outer lift $ print x
the latter solving the classic " nested loops " problem by explicitly labeling each loop .
We might run these pieces of code using :
runContT loopBreakOuter return :: IO ()
Since continuations represent , well , " continuations " to the program flow , we should have some notion of a continuation that functions as break , as well as a continuation that functions as continue .
We will store the continuations that correspond to breaking and continuing inside a loop " label " , which is the first argument of our hanging lambda :
data ( MonadCont m ) =>
Label m = Label { continue :: m ( ) , break :: m ( ) }
It 's sufficient then to call continue label or break label inside the monad to extract and follow the continuation .
The next bit is to implement the actual for_in construct .
If we did n't have to supply any of the continuations , this is actually just a flipped mapM_ :
for_in ' :: ( Monad m ) => [ a ] -> ( a -> m ( ) ) -> m ( ) for_in ' xs f = mapM_ f xs
Of course , sample code , f has the type Label m -> a -> m ( ) , so this wo n't do !
Consider this first transformation :
for_in '' :: ( MonadCont m ) => [ a ] -> ( a -> m ( ) ) -> m ( ) for_in ' ' xs f = callCC $ \c -> mapM_ f xs
This function does the same thing as for_in ' , but we placed it inside the continuation monad and made explicit a variable c .
What does the current continuation c correspond to in this context ?
Well , it 's in the very outer context , which means the " current continuation " is completely out of the loop .
That must mean it 's the break continuation .
Cool .
Consider this second alternative transformation :
for_in ''' :: ( MonadCont m ) => [ a ] -> ( a -> m ( ) ) -> m ( ) for_in ' '' xs f = mapM_ ( \x -> callCC $ \c -> f x ) xs
This time , we 've replaced f with a wrapper lambda that uses callCC before actually calling f , and the current continuation results in the next step of mapM_ being called .
This is the continue continuation .
All that remains is to stick them together , and package them into the Label datatype :
for_in :: ( MonadCont m ) => [ a ] -> ( Label m -> a -> m ( ) ) -> m ( ) for_in xs f = callCC $ \ breakCont -> mapM_ ( \x -> callCC $ \ continueCont -> f ( Label ( continueCont ( ) ) ( breakCont ( ) ) ) x ) xs
Et voila !
Imperative looping constructs in Haskell .
( Not that you 'd ever want to use them , nudge nudge wink wink . )
Addendum .
Thanks to Nelson Elhage and Anders Kaseorg for pointing out a stylistic mistake : storing the continuations as ( ) -> m ( ) is unnecessary because Haskell is a lazy language ( in my defense , the imperative paradigm was leaking in ! )
Addendum 2 .
Added type signatures and code for running the initial two examples .
Addendum 3 . Sebastian Fischer points out a mistake introduced by addendum 1 .
That 's what I get for not testing my edits !
Here 's a new ( unreleased ) hearing aid that you wear over a back molar .
It uses a wireless mic behind your ear to transmit sound to the tooth - unit , which then retransmits the sound through bone conduction — without having to drill pins into your skull or surgically embed hardware , which is then hard to upgrade when the field advances .
SoundBite detects noise using a microphone placed in the ear connected to a transmitter in a behind - the - ear ( BTE ) device .
The BTE transmits to an in - the - mouth ( ITM ) device that sends small sound waves through the jaw to the cochlea .
There is no surgery needed , and both the BTE and ITM are easily removed to be charged inductively .
Sonitus Medical is still preparing the SoundBite for eventual FDA trials for single sided , and ( eventually ) other forms of deafness .
New Hearing Aid Uses Your Tooth To Transmit Sound
( via JWZ )
By Pat Buchanan - January 16 , 2010
We were blindsided .
We never saw it coming .
So said Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein of the financial crisis of 2008 .
He likened its probability to four hurricanes hitting the East Coast in a single season .
Blankfein was reminded by the chairman of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Committee , Phil Angelides , that hurricanes are " acts of God . "
Financial crises are manmade .
Yet Blankfein was backed up by Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan , who said , " Somehow , we just missed ... that home prices do n't go up forever . "
The Wall Street titans thus conceded they did not foresee the housing bubble ever bursting and they did not consider the possibility of a collapse in value of the sub - prime mortgage securities piled up on their books .
Backing up Blankfein 's plea of ignorance and incomprehension is this :
The crisis killed Lehman Brothers and would have killed every one of them had not the Treasury and Fed , neither of which saw it coming , either , intervened with hundreds of billions in bailout cash .
Yet there were those who warned a housing bubble was being created like the dot - com bubble ; others who predicted the Empire of Debt was coming down .
As , today , there are those warning that the United States , with consecutive deficits running 10 percent of gross domestic product , is risking an eventual default on its national debt .
The warnings come from the Committee on the Fiscal Future of the United States , chaired by Rudolph Penner , former head of the Congressional Budget Office , and David Walker , former head of the Government Accountability Office and author of " Comeback America : Turning the Country Around and Restoring Fiscal Responsibility . "
With that share of the U.S. national debt held by individuals , corporations , pension funds and foreign governments having risen in 2009 from 41 percent to 53 percent of GDP , Penner and Walker believe it imperative to get the deficit under control .
Unfortunately , it is not possible to see how , politically , this can be done .
Consider .
The five largest elements in the budget are Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , defense and interest on the debt .
With interest rates near record lows , and certain to rise , and back - to - back $ 1.4 trillion deficits , this budget item has to grow and has to be paid if the U.S. government is to continue to borrow .
Second , with seniors on fire against Medicare cuts in health care reform , it would be fatal for the Obama Democrats to curtail Social Security or Medicare benefits any further this year .
Next year , they will not only lack the congressional strength but any desire to do so , after their anticipated shellacking this fall .
The same holds true for Medicaid .
The Party of Government is not going to cut health benefits for its most loyal supporters .
Indeed , federal costs may rise as state governments , constitutionally required to balance their budgets , cut social benefits and beg the feds to pick up the slack .
This leaves defense .
But the president is deepening the U.S. involvement in Afghanistan to 100,000 troops , and the military needs to replace weaponry and machines depreciated in a decade of war .
Where , then , are the spending cuts to come from ?
Can the administration cut Homeland Security , the FBI or CIA after the near disaster in Detroit ?
Will Obama cut the spending for education he promised to increase ?
Will he cut funding for Food Stamps , unemployment insurance or the Earned Income Tax Credit in a recession ?
For the near term , the entitlements are untouchables .
Is this Democratic Congress , which increased the budgets of all the departments by an average of 10 percent , going to take a knife to federal agencies or federal salaries , when federal bureaucrats and beneficiaries of federal programs are the most reliable voting blocs in their coalition ?
What about tax hikes ?
Obama has promised to let the Bush tax cuts lapse for those earning $ 250,000 but has pledged not to raise taxes on the middle class .
Any broad - based tax would be politically suicidal for him and his increasingly unpopular party .
But if taxes are off the table , Afghan war costs are inexorably rising , and cuts in Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid and entitlement programs are politically impossible , as pressure builds for a second stimulus , how does one reduce a deficit of $ 1.4 trillion ?
How does one stop the exploding national debt from surging above 100 percent of GDP ?
America is the oldest and greatest constitutional republic , the model for all the others .
But if our elected politicians are incapable of imposing the sacrifices needed to pull the nation back from the brink of a devaluation or default , is democratic capitalism truly , as Francis Fukuyama told us just two decades ago , the future of mankind ?
What the looming fiscal crisis of this country portends is nothing less than a test of whether this democratic republic is sustainable .
( NaturalNews )
A report issued by the International Electromagnetic Field Collaborative and endorsed by 43 scientists from 13 countries has reviewed the evidence linking cell phone use to brain tumors , and refuting the methodology of a forthcoming industry - funded study expected to give the phones a clean bill of health .
" I fear we will see a tsunami of brain tumors , although it is too early to see that now since the tumors have a 30 - year latency , " study author Lloyd Morgan said .
" I pray I 'm wrong , but brace yourself .
" Among the research cited in the study was a recent study by a Swedish team of scientists that found a 420 percent higher risk of brain cancer among people who had started using cellular or cordless phones as teenagers .
Older analog phones , which are now mostly off the market , had been found to increase cancer risk by 700 percent .
Because children are especially vulnerable to radiation , the report recommends that parents not allow their children under the age of 18 to use mobile phones except in emergencies , or to sleep with cellular phones under their pillows .
It recommends using corded land lines whenever possible , and using cellular phones mostly as answering machines , turning them on only to check messages and return calls .
Use of cell phones inside buildings or in cars increases cancer risk , as it increases the radiation a phone must emit to function .
Use of text messages and non-wireless headsets can reduce cancer risk .
The report also advises against carrying cell phones against the body , even in pockets .
" Some countries are already banning cell phones over health concerns , with France saying children in elementary schools can only use them for texting , " Morgan said .
The report also sets out 11 flaws in the forthcoming Interphone study , a study on cell phones and health being prepared by the wireless industry in 13 different countries .
These flaws include the exclusion of non-cellular cordless phones ( which also emit radiation ) , children and young adults ( the most vulnerable demographics ) from the study , the exclusion of certain types of tumors , and the exclusion of participants who died or were too sick to answer questions .
Sources for this story include : www.pcworld.com
Anne MacCaig , Cafedirect chief executive , said : '' As office politics goes , the humble tea round would seem an unlikely cause of controversy but , with some making markedly more tea than others , workers are coming to blows over brews . ''
LONDON  British business executives dealing with China were given a formal warning more than a year ago by Britain ’s security service , MI5 , that Chinese intelligence agencies were engaged in a wide - ranging effort to hack into British companies ’ computers and to blackmail British businesspeople over sexual relationships and other improprieties , according to people familiar with the MI5 document .
The warning , in a 14 - page document titled “ The Threat from Chinese Espionage , ” was prepared in 2008 by MI5 ’s Center for the Protection of National Infrastructure , and distributed in what security officials described as a “ restricted ” form to hundreds of British banks and other financial institutions and businesses .
The document followed public warnings from senior MI5 officials that China posed “ one of the most significant espionage threats ” to Britain .
Details of the document were confirmed Sunday by two people familiar with its contents , who both spoke on an anonymous basis because of the sensitivity of the subject .
The document ’s existence was first reported in the British newspaper The Sunday Times .
Last month , Google announced that it was considering ending its operations in China after a “ sophisticated and targeted ” cyberattack that it said aimed primarily to gain access to the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Google said it was no longer willing to cooperate with China in what amounted to censorship of its search engine , which Google had operated in a way that prevented millions of Chinese from reaching Web sites deemed hostile by Beijing .
There is clearly a lot of dissatisfaction in the country today .
Much of it is traceable to the state of the economy .
But it has clearly been exacerbated by the dysfunctional political process in Washington .
And it ’s equally clear that conservatives have had considerable success turning that dissatisfaction to their political advantage despite their own culpability in that dysfunction .
Dissatisfaction with the economy and the political process , however , is not the same thing as an embrace of conservative policies .
Indeed , the public remains enamored of a wide range of progressive policies , as polling data regularly document .
Consider these findings from the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .
In that poll the public was asked whether the 2001 tax cuts for those making $ 250,000 or more should be allowed to expire , explicitly pointing out that that would raise taxes on that group of people .
The public deemed it a good idea to eliminate these Bush - era tax cuts for the rich by a 2 - 1 ratio ( 62-31 ) .
In the same poll , the public was asked whether we should increase regulations on banks to help prevent future financial crises or not increase regulations because that would discourage private investors .
The public endorsed increasing bank regulation by 56 - 36 .
Finally , conservatives have been very proud of their use of the filibuster in the Senate to “ protect ” the people from progressive legislation .
But apparently the public is not convinced they need this kind of protection .
By 50 - 44 the public backed eliminating the filibuster option and allowing legislation to pass with a simple majority .
Majority rule — now that ’s a novel idea !
Unfortunately , conservatives seem uninterested in promoting this concept , preferring to block progressive legislation by any means available , democratic or not .
Perhaps it ’s time for progressives to more forcefully remind the public of this conservative disregard for democracy .
By these data the public is ready to listen .
Ruy Teixeira is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress .
To learn more about his public opinion analysis go to the Media and Progressive Values page and the Progressive Studies program page of our website .
In today 's note , David Rosenberg gets at the real reason there 's no economic rebound :
A RECOVERY WITHOUT THE CONSUMER AND HOUSING ?
Hey — these two sectors combined account for only 75 % of the economy .
Who
needs ‘em ?
Below is the three - month moving average of the Chicago Fed’s
National Activity Index ( CFNAI ) — the personal consumption and housing subindex
to be exact .
Look at Chart 1 and please tell us if it depicts an economy in recovery
mode .
This subindex is still mired deep in recession terrain , with all deference to
the latest set of GDP data .
The other three components — sales , production , and
employment to a lesser extent — have done virtually ALL of the heavy lifting to get
us to where we are overall on the CFNAI , which is an economy barely going at all .
Absent a turn in this subcomponent , the other three cannot carry us much further .
The bottom line is that if the personal consumption & housing sub- component
does n’t start showing some signs of life , it ’s game over as far as the recovery
story goes .
Exiting recessions , this subcomponent sits , on average , at - 0.09 .
It
printed at - 0.48 last Thursday , and has not printed better than - 0.43 since
December 2008 .
In other words , it is going nowhere fast , and the other
components can’t carry the ball forever .
Here ’s an interesting Fourth Amendment case in which video likely makes all the difference .
A police officer stops a driver named Williams for a traffic violation .
After checking out his driver ’s license , the officer asks the driver for consent to search the car :
That solicitation continued over a period of about a minute and included approximately six requests .
The officer asked that many times because appellant would not commit one way or the other .
Indeed , captured on the video of the event was the officer informing appellant that he was being asked a “ yes or no ” question .
Furthermore , the last request propounded to appellant consisted of Williams asking : “ Do you mind if I look ? ”
To it , appellant answered “ yes , ” according to the officer .
Upon so replying , appellant was ordered to exit the car .
Held :
The car cannot be searched , as this exchange cannot satisfy the standard of clear and convincing evidence Texas law requires to prove that consent to search was freely and voluntarily given .
The court explains :
The officer ’s desire to hear a “ yes ” or “ no ” answer continued until appellant said “ yes ” or “ I guess ” to the last solicitation .
Because that utterance allegedly evinced to Williams “ clear and unequivocal ” consent , he ordered appellant to exit the vehicle .
The problem comes , however , in the nature of the question to which appellant said “ yes ” or “ I guess . ”
The officer had not asked “ may I search ” but rather “ would you mind if I look ? ”
Answering “ yes ” to the latter meant that appellant did mind .
Answering “ I guess ” also had and has like connotation ; that is , saying “ I guess ” in response to being asked if one minds whether something happens can well indicate that he does .
State v. Meekins , — S.W.3d – , 2009 WL 4876866 ( Tex.App.-Amarillo 2009 ) .
Thanks to JH for the tip .
White Papers
Protect your site from Ransomware
Read more about Ransomware and how to protect your site from it .
Anti-Spam Software
Anti-spam software is a type of software that 's been specifically developed to stop the spread of unsolicited junk email , otherwise known as spam .
There are two kinds of this email - filtering program .
The first type of anti-spam application stops spam email from coming through care of an email reader .
An email reader is capable of analyzing the header of a message - which is the part of the email that lists who the sender is - as well as the content of the email itself .
It then removes any correspondences that the user has indicated as possible spam by comparing the material found within the email with a list of known spammers ' addresses , phrases , keywords , and the like .
The second type of anti-spam software deals with scanning a mail ( typically SMTP ) server before the emails can even get to you ; as such , you 're protected from spam scams or spam with attachments containing exploits or viruses without even setting up an email reader to catch keywords or content for you .
This anti-spam filter works best in a corporate environment , because it 's quite literally capable of blocking hundreds of thousands or even millions of spam a day , while a personal email account of any one individual can be adequately safeguarded by a simple email reader " word filter " of sorts .
Anti Spam dedicated Appliance can prevent high load on your server
One advantage that the email reader filter has over the mail server filter is the fact that it provides the user a lot more control .
However , for people who'd rather not deal with spam altogether , the mail server option is the most logical choice for them .
Whenever spam is spotted by the email reader anti-spam filter , it simply puts it in a special folder which the user can browse or ignore at his behest .
If left alone , the spam folder automatically deletes its contents after a certain period of time .
In turn , anti-spam software using the mail server filtering method should be used carefully because such programs are known to auto - delete even legitimate mail that 's been erroneously labeled as spam .
It support both incoming and outgoing scanning or both ways
More information on Protector Firewall here .
Due to the fast CPU it does deep scanning of mails and running multiple Anti Virus Scanners .
All you need to know about Advanced Anti Spam
The word ' spam ' is not a very common one .
It is primarily associated with an internet technique in which a person sends a large amount of unsolicited messages to an individual , or a network .
Take a look through the ' Junk ' section of your email inbox , and you will realize that the number of sheer ' spam ' messages that you receive are automatically filtered by your email service .
However , when you consider the case of large scale networks , it becomes even more difficult to prevent large scale network spamming threats .
As a result , companies have to make use of advanced anti spam measures in order to prevent unauthorized access to their networks .
How does advanced anti spam work ?
Advanced anti spam works in a number of different ways .
There are sophisticated filters that are used in order to prevent spam messages from entering the system .
Advanced anti spam filters use automatic codes in order to set up barriers which prevent any sort of unauthorized messages from entering the system .
There are sophisticated scripts that are used to prevent any sort of spam from entering .
However , the word ' spam ' does n't just refer to the use of unauthorized sending of random messages .
The word is also used to refer to spam attacks , which are sent to users and companies in order to bring down their networks .
Network spamming is a very common term that is used by hackers and the technological community , and refers to the use of unauthorized tactics that are used to overload the systems and then gain access to the systems in order to steal important information .
Advanced anti spam techniques are used in order to prevent such attacks , and there are a number of different ways by which this can be done .
Advanced anti spam techniques include the installation of a high power anti spamming tool / software program that is useful for preventing such attacks .
Anti phishing and anti spamming software programs carefully scan each email along with the attachments in order to determine whether they contain any sort of compromising information or not .
If they do , the program automatically filters that email .
You can easily check the contents of the email , but since the program restricts the program from making any sort of changes to the computer or server , your network remains safe and sound .
Should you buy advanced anti spam ?
For people who avidly use their internet email in order to send and receive messages and coordinate with strangers , making use of advanced anti spam software programs is of vital importance .
These programs are designed to help a person 's correspondence by providing them with a secure medium to send emails and messages .
If there are viruses or spy ware attached to the email that you are actively sending , it could potentially track your computer , or harm it permanently .
As a result , making use of an advanced anti spam software program is vital to ensure the safety of your network and your correspondence .
With so many advanced anti spam programs available , it is to your best interests that you get expert advice before finalizing the purchase .
However , one important tip to keep in mind is to first get in touch with professionals who have to deal with spam on a daily basis .
They will be able to guide you better regarding the best possible program to buy .
Anti-Virus secure your network from virus
An anti-virus , otherwise spelled as antivirus , is a security application or program feature that 's used to remove , detect , and prevent the proliferation of malicious software into your system , which may include Trojan horses , worms , viruses , botnets , and so on .
This type of protective software could also be employed to thwart and eliminate spyware , adware , and practically any program that 's viewed as a nuisance to the user 's computing experience regardless if it 's intentionally programmed to do so or not .
A multitude of assorted methods are usually employed
By an anti-virus whenever it accomplishes its malware - related tasks .
For instance , this type of security tool may use signature - based detection , which involves looking for known malicious strings within an application 's programming code .
However , it 's very possible for a user to be attacked by a new form of malware where no identifiable patterns or signatures exist ( otherwise known as zero - day threats ) .
Ergo , it 's always the prerogative of both the anti-virus program and the user to get the latest virus definitions and updates .
For added protection , it'd also be prudent to keep yourself updated in regards to the latest threats presently plaguing the worldwide web through IT security websites found online as well as email updates from the anti-virus vendor that sold you your anti-virus program .
A tech - savvy user would never merely rely on a propriety or freeware anti-virus application when protecting his machine ; good user habits and a well - updated security application should go hand - in - hand in battling against the malware menace .
New threats that have not been identified and included in the virus and malware definitions of your anti-virus software can also be mitigated via heuristics - based anti-virus programs .
In fact , the heuristic approach known as generic signatures was specifically developed to expose new viruses or existing malware variations by looking for even the slightest hint of malicious code ( and its respective variants ) in files .
The most advanced anti-viruses in the market could even predict what an infected file would do if it's allowed to execute via sandbox emulation , which helps a lot in analyzing an infection 's threat level without necessarily letting it loose on an actual system .
If the emulated file does anything remotely dangerous inside the sandbox , it would then be dealt with accordingly .
Yes , here in New York we expect the English to give us world - class Shakespeare .
But could you keep your hands off our new American plays ?
I mean the ones we forgot to write ?
Or produce ?
Or revive ?
In early April , previews start for the Broadway run of Enron , writer Lucy Prebble and director Rupert Goold 's apparently brilliant anatomy of our nation 's biggest corporate scandal .
But the excitement over this transfer from the West End is mitigated by shame that no one here had thought of it first .
Like the astonishing production of Black Watch from the National Theatre of Scotland a few seasons back , Enron serves to remind us that American artistic directors are shockingly unimaginative .
They ought to dangle commission money in front of hungry playwrights in return for a smart , timely drama .
Instead , they programme whatever inoffensive living - room pap they think subscribers want to see .
But it gets worse : English writers are taking our off - Broadway slots , too .
Lucinda Coxon's Happy Now ? just extended at Primary Stages .
Alexi Kaye Campbell 's
The Pride is earning kudos for MCC Theatre .
And , in late April , your wunderkind Polly Stenham makes her US debut when That Face opens at Manhattan Theatre Club .
Although Andrew Bovell is Australian , not English , his family drama When the Rain Stops Falling is in previews at Lincoln Centre Theatre .
Has there been a drought of new American drama ?
No one wants to sound like a rabid protectionist , and it 's vital to see what the rest of the theatre world is doing , but , as the survey Outrageous Fortune documents , it 's hard out there for American playwrights ; they can barely eke out a living , much less expect high - profile productions .
To be fair , the production of new plays swings both ways , and your English scribes have cause to complain for lost gigs .
London theatres often showcase American writers before we do .
At the National Theatre next autumn , JT Rogers will have a world premiere , and Katori Hall 's The Mountaintop is slated for Broadway after a run at London 's Theatre 503 .
Londoners know about hot new American playwrights before we do .
Or they honour our great and living ones , as the Royal Court did last year with its unofficial Wallace Shawn festival .
Perhaps this season of Brits invading off Broadway is a fluke , and a year from now our non-profit companies will go back to American plays of the dysfunctional - family and identity - politics variety .
Then we 'll all sigh and say that English drama is sharper and more relevant , and hope we can afford to fly to London to see what 's on at the National or the Royal Court .
And after that , we 'll trudge over to the Park Avenue Armory and see Shakespeare " done right " – thanks to generous American donors .
WASHINGTON - Canada ’s controversial tar sands industry took its first retail blow Wednesday as two Fortune 500 companies announced plans to eliminate the high - carbon Alberta fuel from its supply chain .
The U.S. - based firms Whole Foods Market Inc. and Bed , Bath and Beyond Inc. both unveiled new fuel policies designed to wean themselves off “ higher - than - normal greenhouse gas footprints ” inherent in feedstock from the Alberta tar sands .
The decisions are not expected to seriously hamper the southbound flow of Alberta oil , which represents a fifth of all U.S. energy imports .
But they mark a turning point in environmental activism against synthetic crude from Alberta , as climate campaigners work company by company to discourage consumption of Canadian energy .
“ This is the first clear demonstration that companies are concerned about the brand damage of Alberta Tar Sands , ” said Andrew Franks , a Vancouver - based spokesman for ForestEthics , which agitated for the policy changes at Whole Foods and Bed , Bath and Beyond .
“ These are the first companies to send this market signal but they wo n’t be the last .
Our campaign continues and we are in talks with other retailers to follow suit . ”
The policy change is more easily said than done , given the complexities of the fuel supply chain .
Whole Foods officials told the Toronto Star the company will continue to use fuels derived from Alberta tar sands “ in the Rocky Mountain region because as of now there is no alternative source .
“ We are switching fuel vendors at as many of our 10 distribution centres as possible .
But in some cases there just are n’t vendors who can offer something else , ” said Whole Foods spokesperson Libba Letton .
Whole Foods , the organic and natural foods empire , operates 289 retail outlets , including six in Canada .
The company said it reserves the right to reverse the policy if Alberta succeeds in its pursuit of experimental carbon capture and storage technology to reduce the greenhouse gas impact of tar sands production .
“ We have an entire team dedicated to environmental responsibility and we are always looking for a better option .
If there is an actual breakthrough in tar sands technology that makes a difference we will want to know about it , ” said Letton .
5 Dumb Mistakes That Smart People Make
Would n’t you agree it does n’t take an Ivy League education to be good with your finances ?
What ’s amazing to me is that many smart people make some really dumb financial mistakes !
It seems like a person blessed with “ brains ” would be good with personal money management , but sometimes this just is n’t the case .
I ’ve talked with many very smart people who are making some very dumb mistakes .
Here ’s a look at five of them :
1. Keeping Up With the Joneses
A lot of times it does n’t matter how much money we make , we still want to keep pace with our neighbors or friends .
This is a sure way to get into trouble .
What ’s ironic is that many times those same people we ’re trying keep pace with and impress are buying things they can’t afford with money they do n’t have either .
Think of how much better off we ’d be if we ’d just learn to be content .
2. Spending More Than They Make
I see it time and time again – many smart folks spend way more than they make !
It ’s personal finance 101 .
I feel like a broken record on this site , but the ONE thing you must do to get ahead is to spend less than what you bring in .
3. Chasing Returns & Investing Emotionally
It seems like some very smart people will change investments so often looking for the next best thing to eke out an extra percent while throwing caution to the wind and completely overestimating their risk tolerance .
Like dogs chasing their tails , they try to catch that elusive “ hot stock ” or “ hot fund ” that will help them retire .
Typically , these folks will buy when stocks are up and sell when they ’re down .
It ’s no wonder that the 2008 Dalbar study showed the return for the S&P 500 for a 20 - year period ending 2008 was 8.35 % while the average equity investor earned 1.87 % !
That ’s a lot of emotional decisions and return chasing going on !
4. Borrowing From Their 401ks
This just does n’t make sense to me , yet I hear about it a lot from some pretty smart people .
Borrowing your own money and paying yourself interest sounds like a great idea – that is until you look more closely at what you ’re doing .
The opportunity cost of taking out an investment that could be earning higher than what you ’re paying yourself in interest — plus the loss of compounding — not to mention the risk hazard of having to pay all of that money back or end up paying taxes on the money should you lose your job are all things that should scream “ NO ! ” .
Yet , many folks borrow from First 401k Federal like it ’s their own personal bank reserve .
Your 401 k should be ( one of ) the last places you get money from .
5. Leaving Money on The Table
There ’s numerous examples of this , but here ’s a few of them :
Not putting enough money into their 401 k to fully take advantage of the employer match – some folks do n’t put in at all .
Ever buy something that has a rebate attached to it and then forget to send everything in to collect on the rebate ?
How about automatically renewing your auto or homeowner ’s insurance without shopping around to see if there are some better rates or even some discounts to be had .
Have you ever gotten an insurance policy when you were maybe a little overweight or perhaps a tobacco user and then later you lost weight or quit smoking ?
Guess what !?
Your insurance company can re-issue a policy to you with lower premiums !
This is all money that ’s being left on the table !
The Kicker
Whether you are “ smart ” or not really does n’t make a difference .
You see , we ’re all prone to these mistakes .
The “ smart ” people will be the ones who change their habits and start doing the things necessary to become better stewards .
My goal is not to pick on the smart ( or not - so - smart ) , but rather point out a few areas that we are all prone to making mistakes in .
How about you –
What are some mistakes you ’ve made ?
What are some other things that could be added to this list ?
Google + Comments
When FlameHorse sent this list in , I was rather surprised to find that after two and a half years , we have not featured a list of greatest composers !
We have had influential composers , composers you did n’t know , and composers who died odd deaths .
So , filling in the gap we now present the greatest composers ever .
15 Franz Joseph Haydn
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNxgFu3aSuw
The father of the modern symphony and the inventor of the string quartet .
He wrote 340 hours of music , more than any other composer .
His symphonies , though , leave a lot to be desired , as he himself said on his deathbed , “ I have just figured out how to use the winds . ”
They are more like 1 symphony with 103 variations .
He invented the string quartet when only three members of an ensemble were able to attend a recital .
A violinist , a violist , and a cellist .
Haydn quickly re-orchestrated one of his composition scheduled for that evening , for a quartet including himself as a second violinist .
He liked the sound so much that he decided to write more music for the orchestration .
Also an outstanding opera , oratorio and mass composer , although his operas were intended for Count Esterhazy ’s personal opera house .
Haydn explained that they should never be performed anywhere else .
His string quartets and piano sonatas approach the melodic genius and pristine formality of Mozart’s .
Haydn ’s greatest work : his cello concerto , or his “ Creation ” oratorio ( clip above ) , or his string quartets .
14 George Frederick Handel
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnHksDFHTQI
Born in Germany , but traveled Europe and settled in England , as the king ’s court composer .
He wrote 315 hours of music , second only to Haydn for prolificness .
His mastery of all the complexities of the Baroque style is evident in all his works .
He invented the modern oratorio , when he wanted to make money during the holy seasons of the year .
During those seasons , operas were expressly forbidden to be performed , as they were secular .
Handel requested from the king that he compose a musical setting of some story in the Bible .
The king allowed this , and Handel wrote in 1732 , “ Esther , ” which was performed by an orchestra and a choir , with soloists singing the parts of the characters , but without acting or costumes .
Handel is known today primarily for “ The Messiah , ” ( video above ) the greatest oratorio ever composed , in which some of the most famous music in history lies , especially the “ Hallelujah Chorus , ” which ends the Easter section .
Handel also wrote hundreds of concerti grossi , which were the forerunners of the Classical and Romantic concerto .
Handel ’s greatest works are the “ Messiah , ” “ Water Music , ” and “ Music for the Royal Fireworks . ”
13 Sergei Rachmaninov
One of the few composers who was equally virtuosic at performance ( piano ) , and conducting an orchestra .
He legendary for his second two , of four , piano concerti , the third being probably the most difficult and pianistic concerto every written , containing one of the finest piano cadenzas .
He is known for writing large chords of up to 5 notes per hand , which he could perform easily with his gigantic hands .
His shorter works include large - scale piano sonatas , epic enough to be considered concerti without orchestras , and preludes , of which his most famous is the “ Prelude in c - sharp minor , ” a work which became so famous in his lifetime that he grew sick of playing it .
His greatest works are “ the 2nd Piano Concerto , ” “ the 3rd Piano Concerto , ” the “ Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini , ” ( video above ) and his sonatas .
12 Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky
One of the finest orchestrators , and one of the supreme melody writers in all of music .
Not surprisingly , his favorite composer was Mozart , in honor of whom he wrote “ Mozartiana , ” an elaboration of several of Mozart ’s melodies .
Tchaikovsky is the all - time master of the ballet , and all of his are world - famous : the “ Nutcracker , ” “ Swan Lake , ” “ Sleeping Beauty . ”
He wrote two operatic masterpieces , “ Eugene Onegin , ” and “ The Queen of Spades . ”
His ballets are well known for their melodic magnificence , but he also wrote 6 symphonies , the last three of which are universally accepted as legendary for the resplendent orchestration and development of their lyrical melodies .
The fourth is also noted for the bombastic , violent , celebratory spirit of its final movement .
The fifth is famous as an elaboration of this same spirit , culminating in a complex final movement of victorious , fanfare quality .
The sixth is considered by many to be more affecting and better than the fifth or fourth .
It is nicknamed “ Pathetique , ” for its somber , sad emotion .
Tchaikovsky was also a master of the concerto , and wrote three piano concerti , the first of which is one of the most famous in history , and one of the most superb for its hyper -Romantic , lyrical qualities , and the famous octave passages .
Its first movement famously ends with a 1 - 4 - 1 cadence , unique to all music up to that time .
His violin concerto is world renowned for its technical demands and lush , lyrical beauty .
Joshua Bell has compared the final movement to running a three minute mile .
Tchaikovsky ’s greatest works are his “ 1st Piano Concerto , ” his “ Violin Concerto , ” his last three symphonies , his ballets , “ Eugene Onegin , ” the famous “ Overture to 1812 , ” ( finale video above – listen for the canons ! ) and “ Capricio Italienne . ”
11 Gustav Mahler
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYIEUIjR7fc
The symphonist of death , you could call him .
Mahler ’s repertoire is quite small compared to that of any other on this list .
He only wrote 10 symphonies , the last of which he had not orchestrated before he died .
He wrote a symphonic song cycle , “ Das Lied von der Erde , ” which has been called his finest symphony , though he did not intend it to be considered one , and he wrote dozens of other songs , many preoccupied with death .
His first symphony is largely imitative of a more Classical sound , but his second begins the career of the Mahler everyone knows when they hear his music .
It is nicknamed the Resurrection , and it ’s final movement ’s premiere was said to have made women pass out , and grown men weep .
His third is the longest symphony ever written , at an average performance length of 1 hour and 30 minutes .
It also ends with a majestic bravura climax .
His sixth is called the tragic , and returns to his roots of a preoccupation with death .
The seventh is notable for its last movement , a fanfare extolling the happiness of life on Earth .
His eighth is nicknamed “ Symphony of a Thousand , ” though he hated this epithet , because of the monstrous orchestra it calls for .
It is the only symphony scored entirely for orchestra and chorus , the chorus present in all but 12 minutes or so of its 1 hour and 20 minute duration .
It ends with the most glorious , heavenly , galactic climax in the history of music , as the characters of Goethe ’s Faust sing the final scene , and are lifted to Heaven .
Das Lied von der Erde is a song cycle of 6 Chinese Poems praising Earth , which Mahler translated into German .
They are the maturation of his compositional style .
Mahler ’s greatest works are his 2nd , 3rd , 5th , 6th , 7th , 8th symphonies and “ Das Lied von der Erde . ” ( video above ) .
10 Giuseppe Verdi
Italy ’s greatest opera composer .
Verdi ’s operatic output is staggering , with 28 operas , many of which contain arias that have made their ways into popular culture and become mainstays .
His mature period produced “ Nabucco , ” “ Ernani , ” “ Macbeth ” ( after Shakespeare ) , ” “ Luisa Miller , ” “ Rigoletto , ” “ Il Trovatore , ” “ La Traviata , ” “ Un Ballo in Maschera , ” “ Don Carlo , ” his most famous work : “ Aida , ” “ Otello , ” and “ Falstaff ” ( both after Shakespeare ) .
But his finest hour came with the “ Messa di Requiem per Alessandro Manzoni . ”
Verdi , devoutly Catholic , composed in this , some of the most deeply religious , majestically glorious , and terrifying music ever heard .
The most famous section , and rightly so , is the Dies Irae ( video above ) , or Day of Anger , which depicts God ’s wrath inflicted upon Mankind in Armageddon .
This is the most furious incarnation of melody and harmony ever put on paper .
The Tuba Mirum , which follows , is the loudest un -amplified music ever written .
The score calls for a bass drum played “ fffff , ” five fortes .
Verdi ’s greatest works are his mature operas and the “ Requiem . ”
9 Johannes Brahms
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aitId148llk
Brahms was one of the finest craftsmen in music history , refusing to write retrogressions , and adhering very strictly to form .
He wrote 2 piano concerti , of which the 2nd is the most titanic concerto for piano ever composed .
It is not as technically difficult as Rachmaninov ’s 3rd , but the piano is required to overpower the entire orchestra much of the way through , and this demands a Hercules at the keyboard .
He wrote 4 symphonies , all outstanding , a Requiem in German , his finest work , and one of the greatest violin concerti in history .
He was a superb fugue composer .
His finest works are 2nd Piano Concerto , Variations on a Theme of Paganini ( the same theme Rachmaninov chose ) , Variations on a Theme of Haydn , A German Requiem ( video above “ Denn alles Fleisch ” ) , and his Violin Concerto .
8 Franz Liszt
The greatest pianist of all time .
Liszt sightread Grieg ’s Piano Concerto , playing it perfectly the first time he saw the music .
He wrote hundreds of short pieces , songs , preludes , etudes , two piano concerti , symphonic poems , and was an al - around master of every genre in which he composed .
Most of his piano works are among the most technically demanding , almost impossible , to play , but of note are his Transcendental Etudes , designed for the piano student to master all forms of piano performance .
They are probably the most difficult pieces of music ever written for any instrument , and even veteran professionals refuse to play No. 5 , “ Feux Follets . ” ( video above )
If not the Transcendental Etudes , his Sonata in b minor is extraordinarily difficult to play .
It is his finest composition .
7 Frederic Chopin
The most idiomatic composer for the piano who ever lived .
Chopin did not understand orchestration , which he freely admitted , and had help from friends , including Liszt , in scoring his two piano concerti .
Even so , the orchestra takes a back seat while the piano indulges in the finest filigree work any composer has ever managed .
Chopin ’s melodic genius is superlative in all respects , and he composed primarily short works piano works , of which the most notable are his ballades , etudes , sonatas , mazurkas , waltzes , nocturnes , preludes , and impromptus .
Chopin was the most innovative composer for all of these genres except the sonata .
His finest work is his Ballade No. 1 , in g minor ( video above ) .
6 Robert Schumann
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9krhBwiJg9k
The quintessential Romantic composer .
His music is the most German sounding of all .
He was a genius in all genres , producing masterpiece symphonies , especially his 3rd , nicknamed “ the Rhenish , ” for its triumphantly Bavarian quality , his chamber music , especially his Piano Quintet , a monument in the history of music , and his Piano Concerto in a minor , perhaps the finest ever written .
His finest works are the Piano Quintet , and the Piano Concerto .
He is also well regarded for his huge quantity of vocal music .
5 Franz Schubert
The greatest songwriter of all time , and the second greatest master of melodic , lyrical composition .
Schubert had a natural mastery of all the forms of the day , but loved songs the most , and wrote them so quickly that as soon as he was finished with one , he threw it to the floor and grabbed another sheet of paper to start another .
He wrote “ Hark , Hark , the lark , ” one of his finest , on the back of a beer hall receipt , in one sitting .
He wrote approximately 650 songs in the sixteen years of his career .
His most famous work is his Piano Quintet , nicknamed the Trout , for the inclusion of one of his songs as a movement .
He also wrote masses , 9 symphonies , of which the last two are universal brilliancies , sonatas , ballets , string quartets , and operas .
His finest works are his 8th and 9th symphonies , his Trout Quintet , ballet music to Rosamunde , Marche Militaire , and some of his songs , Gretchen at the Spinning Wheel , The Erl - King , and Nacht und Träume ( video above ) among them .
4 Richard Wagner
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-dnIc0bp88
One of the most hateful and unpleasant people who ever walked the earth .
Wagner despised Jews , and blamed all the problems of the world on them .
But you ca n’t hold any of that against him when you hear his music .
It transcends all the idiocy of the man himself .
He only wrote operas , which he termed “ music dramas . ”
But of them , his finest masterpieces are Tannhauser , Lohengrin , in which you ’ll find the world famous “ Here Comes the Bride ” theme , Tristan und Isolde , which some consider his finest achievement , Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg , Parsifal , and his gargantuan four - opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen .
These last four operas are the single most famous masterpiece in opera history .
Of the top ten longest operas , 7 are by Wagner .
The average opera length is 3 hours .
Gotterdamerung , the last of the Ring cycle , is 6 hours long .
More importantly , Wagner invented the leitmotif , a very short melody which represents a character , emotion , event , or object .
He revolutionized the art of opera , and operas are not written in any other style today except his , or the Classical style which preceded him .
There has been no progress beyond him in operatic art .
It has also been said that the art of filmmaking would be set back 500 years , had Wagner not existed .
Film soundtracks owe their ability to enhance the story to Wagner alone , who owes his ability to the next composer , and almost all film composers , including John Williams , agree that Wagner is the greatest film composer in history .
Films can be set to his music .
His finest work is probably Tristan und Isolde , but the Ring cycle could well be equal to it .
Everything he wrote , from Tannhauser on ( video above ) , could be his finest work .
All his mature works are unparalleled in orchestration , and he is one of the very few opera composers who wrote his own libretti .
3 Ludwig van Beethoven
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhcR1ZS2hVo
The inventor of Romantic music .
Before him , all that could be said in music had been said ( by the next two composers ) .
Beethoven began his career by imitating the styles of Mozart and Haydn , and is considered the third greatest Classical composer after them .
With his 3rd Symphony , nicknamed “ Eroica , ” and his 4th and 5th Piano Concerti , the world of music entered its Romantic Era , out of which it may not yet have emerged .
The advent of film required that Romantic music not be done away with , as the more modern music of Schoenberg , Berg , Webern , etc. , was not suitable for the enhancement of drama .
Thus , as film ’s musical lineage goes directly back to Wagner , it goes back farther , to Beethoven , who influenced Wagner the most .
It was Beethoven ’s temperament that created his finest , and most idiosyncratic works , among them his 3rd to 9th symphonies , his last three of five piano concerti , his violin concerto , the finest ever written , two masses , one of which is the Missa Solemnis , the second greatest mass ever written , his chamber music , especially his string quartets , the last 6 of which , the Late Quartets , are universally considered to be among the greatest musical works in history .
Of these , Igor Stravinsky deemed the Grosse Fuge of the second to last quartet the greatest piece of music ever written .
Beethoven ’s 5th Symphony ( video above ) begins with the single most famous melody in music history .
People who do n’t even know who he was hum it every day .
Beethoven ’s finest works are also the finest works of their kind in music history : the 9th Symphony , the 5th Piano Concerto , the Violin Concerto , the Late Quartets , and his Missa Solemnis , although this last work is not quite as glorious as a mass composed by # 1 on this list .
And he achieved all this despite being completely deaf for the last 25 years or so of his life .
2 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The most gifted musical genius in history , the most famous genius of any field in history , and the perfecter of Classical music .
He wrote 41 symphonies , 27 piano concerti , a large amount of chamber music , 23 operas , 18 sonatas for piano , 36 for violin , for cello , church sonatas , organ pieces , 18 masses , including one Requiem , 4 horn concerti , 20 string quartets , serenades , divertimenti , and many others .
He was the supreme composer of melody and lyrical quality in music history .
All other melodic composers aspired to his greatness , including Schubert , Chopin , Tchaikovsky , Saint - Saens , etc .
He wrote his music in full orchestral scores , without corrections of any kind , until late in life when he was sick .
His first drafts were his final drafts .
His greatest works are all legendary , and cannot be listed entirely , but of them , his Requiem Mass , the greatest ever written , although he only finished half .
The second half was finished by his pupil , Sussmayer .
His last 20 symphonies or so , his last serenade , nicknamed Eine Kleine Nachtmusik , his 20th through 24th piano concerti , his 15th and 17th masses , in C Major and c minor , respectively , his 12 variations on Ah , vous dirais - je , Maman , which is commonly known as Twinkle Twinkle , Little Star , and there are many others .
It was because of his perfection of the Classical mode , that Beethoven decided not to imitate , but rather to create a new mode .
Mozart ’s work features , among other things , the finest balance between solo instruments and orchestra .
He was one of the finest pianists to ever live , and equally adept at the violin .
Probably his greatest single work , for its pristine clarity in all respects , is his opera Don Giovanni ( video above ) .
1 Johann Sebastian Bach
The greatest composer of music who has ever lived .
Bach did not invent any new styles of forms of music , but rather perfected every single one of them which existed in his day .
He remains the all - time master of the fugue , a form which is so difficult to write that even Mozart and Beethoven , both of whom wrote fugal masterpieces , hated writing them .
Bach , however , improvised fugues for 2 hours at a stretch , and then wrote them down from memory afterward .
Bach wrote universal masterpieces in every genre , including the 6 finest concerti grossi ever written , nicknamed the Brandenburg Concerti ( clip above ) .
He also wrote the finest single work of sacred music in history , the Mass in b minor , which has been argued by many musicologsts and composers to be the single greatest work of music of all time , in any genre , in any style .
Whereas , most composers did not typically relish complexity , Bach was at home in it .
The Sanctus from his b minor Mass is a 6 - part chorus , including a 4 - voiced fugue .
In the annals of fugal composition , no composer as ever attempted what Bach accomplished , and he did so without difficulty : his monumental Art of Fugue , which is a thorough examination of all the methods by which fugues are written .
Using one theme , Bach explains in music all the possibilities of contrapuntal composition inherent in a single musical subject : the fugue , the double fugue , the triple fugue , the quadruple fugue , the stretto fugue , the mirror fugue , canonizing the fugues , etc .
If you were to turn the scores of the two mirror fugues upside down and play them , they would sound the same .
He wrote in the Baroque style , but his music is as Romantic as anything Beethoven or Wagner or Schumann ever composed , and films can be set to it .
He is the greatest of all composers , of all time , because of the intellectual depth of his music , the technical demand , and the artistic beauty .
The World As Best As I Remember It
7/17/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
Alert reader Bobby is Back !
I ’m relocating on two fronts : 1 . I ’m relocating to China in early May to work as part of the ...
Author : philipsu Date : 04/09/2008
In the tradition of keeping to about one blog post per year , I finally had an opportunity to author ...
Author : philipsu Date : 06/18/2007
First , let me say once again , there has been no corporate pressure whatsoever to cut short my ...
Author : philipsu Date : 06/15/2006
[ An article a year ai n’t bad , I suppose .
After being Slashdotted on Show Me the Money and having ...
Author : philipsu Date : 03/19/2006
I attended the same high school as Sergey Brin , co-founder of a verb called " Google . "
Sergey dropped ...
Author : philipsu Date : 02/15/2005
I 'm constantly drawn back to the heady dot - com days at Microsoft .
Not only because team meetings ...
Author : philipsu Date : 07/02/2004
After all this time , finally got around to starting this blog .
The World As Best As I Remember It ...
Author : philipsu Date : 06/30/2004
