Barack Obama sits down with Steve Kroft in a ' 60 Minutes ' interview .
Kroft to Obama :
Are you punch - drunk ?
President Barack Obama said he believes the global financial system remains at risk of implosion with the failure of Citigroup or AIG , which could touch off “ an even more destructive recession and potentially depression . ”
His remarks came in a “60 Minutes ” interview in which he was pressed by Steve Kroft for laughing and chuckling several times while discussing the perilous state of the world ’s economy .
Advertisement
“ You 're sitting here .
And you 're — you are laughing .
You are laughing about some of these problems .
Are people going to look at this and say , ‘ I mean , he 's sitting there just making jokes about money — ’
How do you deal with — I mean : explain . . . ” Kroft asked at one point .
“ Are you punch - drunk ? ” Kroft said .
“ No , no .
There 's gotta be a little gallows humor to get you through the day , ” Obama said , with a laugh .
Obama tried to inject some optimistic notes into the interview , saying he sees “ flickers of hope ” that the economy is beginning to turn the corner .
And he seemed intent on cooling the populist anger rising in the country , particularly over AIG ’s $ 165 million in bonuses .
He signaled that he would like to see changes in a House resolution that would tax the bonuses at 90 percent , saying “ we ca n’t govern out of anger . ”
“ Main Street has to understand , unless we get these banks moving again , then we ca n’t get this economy to recover .
And we do n’t want to cut off our nose to spite our face , ” he said .
The interview captured the balancing act that Obama must strike on the economy .
He gave a nod to public anger at Wall Street while saying it could not dictate his response .
He got in a few whacks of his own at Wall Street executives who contributed to the meltdown — referring to them ironically at one point as “ the best and the brightest ” — while being ever - mindful that he still needs their help to dig out of the crisis .
His talk of depression could be viewed as alarmist — but it also seemed aimed at bracing Congress and the public for the unpopular prospect of spending even more taxpayer dollars to prop up Wall Street .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is set to roll out a plan Monday aimed at restoring the flow of credit that would back up private investments with government funds .
Even his awkward laughter highlighted an issue Obama has faced dating back to the campaign , a sense that he sometimes is too “ cool ” and detached to fully grasp the public anxiety over mounting job losses and economic worries .
Still , Obama made clear that he ’s afraid the nation has n’t seen the worst of the economic crisis .
He said the recession deepened faster than he expected , particularly in terms of job losses .
“ If we did nothing , you could still have some big problems .
There are certain institutions that are so big that if they fail , they bring a lot of other financial institutions down with them .
And if all those financial institutions fail all at the same time , then you could see an even more destructive recession and potentially depression , ” Obama said .
“ I 'm optimistic about that not happening , ” he quickly added , “ because I think we did learn lessons from the Great Depression . ”
Obama also cited Wall Street ’s high - risk , high - reward culture as a main cause of the economic meltdown .
He took aim at traders and executives in personal terms — saying they need to leave New York for North Dakota or Iowa to appreciate how out - of - whack their pay looks to the average American .
“ I mean there were a whole bunch of folks who , on paper , if you looked at quarterly reports , were wildly successful , selling derivatives that turned out to be .
. . completely worthless , ” Obama said , with a chuckle .
“ Gosh , I do n't think it 's me being anti-Wall Street just to point out that the best and the brightest did n't do too well on that front , and that you know , maybe the incentive structures that have been set up have not produced the kinds of long term growth that , that I think everybody 's looking for . ”
He also said he does n’t think Wall Street has gotten his message yet , and that he must do a better job conveying it to them :
“ One of the things that I have to do is to communicate to Wall Street that , given the current crisis that we 're in , they can't expect help from taxpayers but they enjoy all the benefits that they enjoyed before the crisis happened , ” Obama said .
“ You get a sense that , in some institutions that has not sunk in . ”
Even one of his top supporters , billionaire investor Warren Buffett , came in for some criticism from Obama when Kroft noted that Buffett has criticized his plan .
“ Warren 's also a big player in the financial markets who 's a major owner of Wells Fargo .
And so he's got a perspective from the perspective of somebody who is part owner of a bank , ” Obama said .
Still , Obama would not endorse legislation moving through Congress to tax nearly all the bonuses of executives at AIG .
Asked if the measure is constitutional , the former law professor said : “ Well , I think that as a general proposition , you do n't want to be passing laws that are just targeting a handful of individuals …
And as a general proposition , I think you certainly do n't want to use the tax code — is to punish people . ”
“ So let 's see if there are ways of doing this that are both legal , that are constitutional that uphold our basic principles of fairness , but do n't hamper us from getting the banking system back on track , ” Obama said .
And he defended his embattled Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , telling Kroft that he would n’t accept his resignation if he tried to quit .
Obama said jokingly that he ’d respond : “ Sorry Buddy , you 've still got the job . ”
The economy dominated the interview , which also ranges on topics such as his upcoming Afghanistan policy review and even his daughter ’s new swing set at the White House .
On Afghanistan , Obama said he is looking for a “ comprehensive strategy ” that stresses diplomacy that includes engagement with neighboring Pakistan .
While Obama is studying requests from the military for more troops , he warned that , “ there 's gotta be an exit strategy .
There ’s gotta be a sense that this is not perpetual drift . ”
He said Afghanistan is a more complex problem than Iraq .
“ Iraq was actually easier than Afghanistan .
It 's easier terrain , ” Obama told Kroft .
“ You 've got a -- much better educated population , infrastructure to build off of .
You do n't have some of the same destabilizing border -- issues that you have between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
And so this is going to be a tough nut to crack .
But it is not acceptable for us to simply sit back and let safe havens of terrorists plan and plot . ”
For all the challenges , Obama said , “ the complexities of Afghanistan -- are matched , maybe even dwarfed , by the complexities of the economic situation . ”
Obama also used the interview to criticize former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s criticism of Obama ’s decision to close Guantanamo Bay prison , where terror suspects are held .
Since leaving office , Cheney has been an outspoken critic of Obama over the war on terror , saying Obama was taking steps to “ raise the risk to the American people of another attack . ”
“ How many terrorists have actually been brought to justice under the philosophy that is being promoted by Vice President Cheney ? ” Obama asked .
“ It has n't made us safer .
What it has been is a great advertisement for anti-American sentiment . ”
President Barack Obama , Part Two :
Jailed governor Siegelman says Rove subpoena ' restores people 's faith in democracy '
John Byrne and Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Tuesday January 27 , 2009
Print This Email This
Alabama Governor Don Siegelman had it all -- popularity , a governor 's chair and a seemingly normal politician 's life -- until he found himself on the other end of a US Attorney appointed by President George W. Bush .
Siegelman , who was convicted of corruption charges in 2006 , was released on bail last April pending appeal after media reports -- including those of Raw Story -- revealed myriad irregularities surrounding his prosecution .
Among the relevations : the husband of the US Attorney who prosecuted Siegelman was a close associate of former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove and worked as campaign manager for one of Siegelman 's gubernatorial opponents .
An Alabama Republican whistleblower said that Siegelman was deliberately targeted and fingered Rove , asserting that he'd said he'd push the Justice Department to end Siegelman 's political career .
In a statement to Raw Story Monday night , Siegelman expressed hope that Rove 's alleged role in his prosecution might be uncovered .
" Chairman Conyers and the House Judiciary Committee 's subpoena of Karl Rove
gives hope to those who want to know the extent of Karl Rove 's abuse of
power and his misuse of the Department of Justice as a way to win elections , " Siegelman said .
" Chairman Conyers ' action gives meaning to the change that has been ushered in by the election of President Obama . "
" I am sure that I speak for millions of U.S. citizens when I say that I am
grateful for Mr. Conyers ' determination to seek the truth , " he added .
" Those who abused their power must be held accountable otherwise their misuse of power will be more likely to happen again .
" Our democracy has been threatened by the use of the Department of Justice as a political weapon , " he continued .
" Chairman Conyers ' action will serve to protect our democracy and restore people 's faith that no man is above the law . "
Raw Story 's Larisa Alexandrovna was nominated for best investigative reporting in the small site category for the Online News Association 's journalism award in 2008 for her work on Siegelman 's case .
Links to several stories in her 2007 - 2008 series , " The Permanent Republican Majority , " follow .
can be viewed here
In a discovery that could have come from the script of a Dan Brown thriller , an Italian scientific journalist studying the document noticed the faint outline of a human nose hidden underneath lines of ink handwriting ,
It struck him as being similar in shape and drawing style to a later self - portrait of Leonardo .
Many long time readers know that I have had issues in how the media and government report the unemployment numbers .
It is sugarcoated , put in a silky dress , and has lipstick before it is dished out for everyone to eat at the happy days buffet .
The good news is that recently the media has been catching on and using the wider measure of unemployment ( not always ) , normally recognized as the U - 6 data in the Bureau of Labor Statistics releases since this provides a more accurate assessment of the unemployment situation for the average person and family .
That is n’t necessarily the big news .
One of the main data points that I have been searching for is the U - 6 data for individual states .
The BLS as of March 16 , 2009 now has the annual data for states including U - 6 .
As you are aware , the national employment figures are calculated via the Current Population Survey ( CPS ) that samples 60,500 eligible households .
However , for state sub - samples the data can range from 600 to 4,000 households depending on what state is being surveyed .
We still do n’t have monthly data at the BLS regarding individual states but having the annualized data does help us arrive at a more accurate level for unemployment .
What we are finding is that we are approaching Great Depression levels of unemployment .
Before going on , let me add a couple of caveats since everyone thinks that simply uttering the Great Depression means we are flying off some kind of economic cliff .
People anchor on to the dismal 25 percent unemployment peak but fail to realize that in some years , unemployment was hovering around 15 percent .
The Great Depression lasted an entire decade with major fluctuations in employment and also saw the stock market bounce off record lows .
GDP also increased .
It was not all doom and gloom .
In addition , we have much more of a safety net today including unemployment insurance which provides a minor buffer to employment shocks .
Yet this has n’t stopped tent cities from popping up including one in Sacramento that is being shut down .
The purpose of looking at the data is to get a more accurate assessment of what is going on in our economy .
8.1 percent unemployment does not warrant trillions in bailouts , printing money , and virtually throwing every piece of monetary and fiscal stimulus at it as the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury have .
Yet a 20 percent unemployment rate may warrant massive action like during the Great Depression .
Let us now look at the 2008 annualized data for a few states .
As we have suspected and argued , the real unemployment number is much worse :
I sorted out this data in Excel to paint a clearer picture .
Let us spend some time on this chart because it is really important .
First , the widely reported mainstream unemployment data is the U - 3 column .
Most have taken this at face value .
Yet the broader and more accurate number in my opinion is the U - 6 data because it includes part - time workers looking for full - time work and those looking for work , but have given up .
I think it is fair to say that those people should not be calculated as fully employed .
If anything , they are underemployed but we do not have a column for that so we need to draw our own conclusions where the data is missing .
On an annualized basis for 2008 , both Michigan and California have the highest unemployment rates .
Michigan is at 15.1 percent ( depression level ) and California is at 13.4 percent .
Keep in mind that this data is annualized and is skewed to include the first 8 months of the year before job losses really accelerated .
In fact , this data has California unemployment via the U - 3 at 7.1 percent on an annualized basis .
On Friday state level data was released for February of 2009 and the unemployment rate for California now stands at 10.5 percent via the U - 3 measure .
So why is this annualized state data important ?
Because it gives us a deeper view of what states are taking the brunt of this economic downturn .
The BLS states that it does not give monthly data on all the U - 1 through U - 6 measures because state sample sizes fluctuate too much and do n’t provide a good statistical sample .
Yet things are quickly changing since the last few months have seen drastic jumps in unemployment .
What this means is we will have to wait until 2010 to get an overall picture of the real unemployment feel for states but we do n’t have to wait since we can arrive at a relatively accurate number on our own .
There is enough data out there that we can triangulate various sources and arrive at an accurate assessment of the unemployment situation without waiting a full year for the final verdict .
First , let us grab the pulse of the overall national employment picture :
The current unemployment rate is 8.1 percent but if you look at U - 6 , nationally we are already at 14.8 percent .
This is a very big difference .
And as I had suspected when we look at the above annualized data for each state , U - 6 data is much higher than the headline number ( of course ) .
U - 3 and U - 6 should have a positive correlation so we can try to assess the unemployment ratio for each state .
Let us take California for example and measure it to the national breakdown :
So we ’re really trying to solve for the U - 6 here for California .
If anything , we can arrive at a really generic ratio :
8.1 / 14.8 = .54 ( national data for February of 2009 )
7.1 / 13.4 = .52 ( annualized U - 3 vs U - 6 California data for 2008 )
In fact , I ran a quick analysis for each state dividing U - 3 and U - 6 data for the entire 2008 year and the ratio is rather similar :
The ratio is extremely tight .
It falls within a range of .47 to .66 .
So now you understand why the entire 2008 U - 6 annualized data is so important because it now allows us to project U - 6 estimates for each state .
Let us use that .47 to .66 range and also , look at the average for California :
10.5 % / ??? = 54 %
??? = 19.1 % for California U - 6 using a .54 ratio
If we used the .47 ratio you are looking at 22 percent unemployment via the U - 6 data or the higher ratio of .66 which gives us 16 percent .
This is actually giving us a more accurate picture and why things are so dire including the fiscal problems that the state is facing .
And these numbers make sense .
If an annualized rate of 7.1 percent U - 3 for the state rate gave us a U - 6 of 13.4 percent , then is it hard to believe that a 10.5 percent U - 3 rate would give us a 16 to 19 percent U - 6 rate ?
That is why things are feeling much worse for the state .
In fact , the job losses have accelerated in the last few months :
Source : L.A. Times
The reason this exercise is so important is that we have government official using U - 3 measures to project out earnings and revenues and are falling drastically short .
That is why we had an $ 8 billion budget short fall only three weeks after the budget had passed .
Why did this occur ?
They were projecting 9.1 percent statewide unemployment for 2009 and a peak of 9.4 percent for 2010 .
We ’re already at 10.5 percent with the headline number !
As they say , garbage in and garbage out .
Unless you are using proper assumptions your projections will be false and that is why the majority failed to see the housing bubble when it was expanding .
Many now fail to realize that we will not see a housing bottom until 2011 for the state and this rising unemployment is a direct reason .
People are fixated on prices now .
Well who is going to buy when virtually 2 out of every 10 people are out of work if we use better measures of unemployment ?
MarketWatch has an article looking at the fact that many Americans are one or two paychecks away from financial ruin :
“ A MetLife study released last week found that 50 % of Americans said they have only a one - month cushion — roughly two paychecks — or less before they would be unable to fully meet their financial obligations if they were to lose their jobs .
More disturbing is that 28 % said they could not make ends meet for longer than two weeks without their jobs .
And it ’s not just low - income earners who would find themselves financially challenged .
Twenty - nine percent of those making $ 100,000 or more a year said they would have trouble paying the bills after more than a month of unemployment .
Meanwhile , more than four in 10 respondents told pollsters in a recent Pew Research Center study that job - related issues were the nation ’s most important economic problem .
“ Since October , mentions of other major economic issues have declined , as the public is increasingly focused on the job situation , ” according to the Pew study .
Since July , the study noted , there was been a striking spike in the numbers of families making $ 100,000 or more who said it was difficult to find local jobs — 73 % compared with 40 % eight months ago . ”
Read the above carefully .
1 in 2 Americans are 2 paychecks away from massive financial trouble .
1 in 4 would be on the financial edge after 2 weeks only .
These are fully employed people .
This is what I talked about in the silent depression that many are facing .
If you look at the 8.1 percent headline unemployment number things do n’t look so bad .
But when you dig deeper into the data , you realize something is amiss .
In fact , the study above highlights what many are feeling .
Things are much worse than we are being led to believe .
Why else would the Fed be printing money to the tune of trillions of dollars ?
You will also see in the survey that those with relatively good incomes are also worried about the economy .
Over 1 in 4 with incomes of $ 100,000 said they would have trouble paying their bills after one - month of unemployment .
How can that be you say ?
Well think about the bubble homes here in California .
Say you bought a $ 500,000 home in California and make $ 100,000 .
You went no money down on some toxic mortgage that is now recasting .
What does your balance sheet look like ?
Monthly Net Pay : $ 6,022 ( Married with no kids )
PITI : $ 3,000 to $ 3,500 depending on interest rate
Let us assume each person makes $ 50,000 a year .
What if one person loses their job ?
That is it .
You are now in the negative with only your PITI !
What about your car payment ?
Food ?
Health insurance ?
Utility bills ?
You get the picture .
And now that we know the bigger picture of the California employment situation , you can see why prices will now be falling because of more historical measures like the health of the economy instead of low interest rates .
Let us take a quick glance at the current situation :
February 2009 California employment data :
116,000 jobs lost in month ( biggest number in 19 years )
1,950,000 million unemployed ( up 824,000 from 1 year ago )
768,762 collecting unemployment insurance ( up from 480,504 from 1 year ago )
You tell me how this is good for the housing market ?
The government through bailouts , fiscal stimulus , monetary programs , and every other imaginable bailout has committed over $ 9 trillion to the cause .
You know how many $ 50,000 a year jobs we can buy with that for one year ?
180,000,000 .
Even with the $ 1.2 trillion committed by the Fed with the TALF and buying treasuries to lower the interest rate , we could have literally bought 24,000,000 jobs at $ 50,000 for one year .
We could have put everyone back to work for the price of making mortgages go back down to 4 % and giving Wall Street another crony capitalist present .
Money well spent right ?
What are your thoughts on these above measures for employment ?
Am I too pessimistic ?
Optimistic ?
How would you calculate the U - 6 for each state on a monthly basis ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
I thought I had seen it all , but in these days of social unrest and the disintegration of the GOP , it appears that right - wing die - hards are n’t falling off the cliff of obscurity , but instead are promoting armed insurrection against the Constitution and the United States Government .
Maybe I was wrong ; it appears that the FEMA internment camps will serve a purpose - and that ’s to house those who are attempting to undermine our own government .
The people have spoke , loud and clear , and President Obama is our new President - and that is the will of the majority of the people of America .
If you ’re a patriotic American and you believe in our country , the below story should shock the conscious of any and all Americans that believe in the United States :
What the Huck ?
Chuck Norris ’ roundhouse kick to the gut of American democracy
That was fast .
It was just one year ago that right - wing martial arts guru Chuck Norris was a sought - after “ get ” for the GOP presidential candidates like Mike Huckabee , who paraded the star of “ Walker , Texas Ranger ” around the nation after the anti-abortion actor endorsed him in the primaries .
But now it ’s 2009 , Barack Obama is in the White House , and the inventor of chun kuk do is preaching the martial art of insurrection against the U.S. government .
He also wants to run for — and no , I ’m not making this up — “ the president of Texas . ” :
The call by some right wing leaders for rebellion and for the military to refuse the commander in chief ’s orders is joined by Chuck Norris who claims that thousands of right wing cell groups have organized and are ready for a second American Revolution .
During an appearance on the Glen Beck radio show he promised that if things get any worse from his point of view he may “ run for president of Texas . ”
The martial artist / actor / activist claims that Texas was never formally a part of the United States in the first place and that if rebellion is to come through secession Texas would lead the way .
Norris really comes close to crossing a line with this : Norris claims that ;
“ Thousands of cell groups will be united around the country in solidarity over the concerns for our nation . ”
The right wing cells will meet during a live telecast , “ We Surround Them , ” on Friday March 13 at 5 p.m .
He closes with the words of Sam Houston followed by a plug for his next martial arts event .
“ We view ourselves on the eve of battle . ” MORE
The burning question we all face is what the Obama administration will do to cope with those that promote violence and armed insurrection against our own country .
We do n’t need a “ civil war ” or any other type of violence that disembodies our Constitution , the Rule of Law , and the Bill of Rights .
Those who believe that violence is the only way to display their dissatisfaction with he Obama administration are committing treason - in my opinion - and I do n’t seem to be the only one that share this belief .
Read the full article above and make up your own minds .
This is the United States , and our core beliefs are that violence is counter - productive , especially when it is aimed at the Presidency itself .
This is one of President Obama ’s most important challenges .
Will he work to stop this insurrection before it builds into a civil war , or will he allow it to progress until the administration has to declare martial law , which will effectively negate our constitution and subject ALL Americans to harsh military tactics , even the ones that choose to remain peaceful .
The ball is in your court President Obama - and your actions in facing this crisis will define your presidency just as much as the financial crisis and the War(s ) in the Middle - East .
William Cormier
The scientists , led by Dr Francisco Ayala from the University of California , and reported in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , believe differences in the way men and women appreciate beauty probably arose early in the evolution of early modern humans , say the researchers .
Templates
Part of C++ FQA Lite .
To see the original answers , follow the
links .
This page is about C++ templates , one of the largest cannons to aim at your feet that the C++ arsenal has to offer .
Templates solve the problems with C macros by creating 2 orders of magnitude more problems .
[ 35.1 ]
What 's the idea behind templates ?
FAQ : A template describes how to build definitions ( classes or functions ) which are basically the same .
One application is type - safe containers ; there are many , many more .
FQA : Let 's get a bit more specific .
The FAQ's answer is applicable to C macros , Lisp macros , ML functors , functions like eval found in many interpreted languages , OS code that generates assembly instructions used to handle interrupts at run time , and just plain code generation ( writing programs that print source code ) .
The purpose of all such devices is meta - programming - writing code that works with code , creating pieces of code which are " basically the same " ( after all , they are built from the same rules ) , and yet have some interesting differences .
The question is , how do we specify these rules and these differences ?
The approach used in C++ templates is to use integral constants and types to represent the differences , and to use class & function definitions to represent the rules .
The first decision prevents you from generating code dynamically , because the parameters can only be compile - time entities .
The second decision prevents almost everything else , because you do n't get to use a programming language to generate code - the only thing you can do is write code with some things factored out and made parameters .
You can't do as simple and useful a set of " basically the same " classes as automatically generated class wrappers for remote procedure calls instead of normal " local " function calls ( called " proxies and stubs " in COM terminology ; there are many other terms ) .
Even computing the factorial of an integer parameter is done using so much code abusing the language mechanisms that people with no useful work to do are proud of being able to accomplish this .
Beyond those fundamental limitations , templates follow the tradition of C++ features of interacting poorly with each other .
Templates can't be compiled because they are not code - they are , well , templates from which code can be generated once you have the parameters , and then you can compile it .
C++ , like C , defines no way to locate the compiled code of a definition given its name .
Consequently , template definitions are placed in #include files , and recompiled in each translation unit each time they are instantiated , even if the exact same instantiation is used in N other files .
This problem is amplified by the tremendous complexity of the C++ grammar ( the most complicated part of it is probably templates themselves ) , making this recompilation very slow .
If your code does n't compile , you get cryptic error messages .
If it does compile , you might wonder what it means .
That 's where the interactions of the C++ type system ( pointers , arrays , references , constants , literals ... ) , function & operator overload resolution , function & class template specialization selection , built - in and user - defined implicit conversions , argument - dependent name look - up , namespaces , inheritance , dynamic binding and other things kick in .
The sheer length of this list should be convincing : neither a human nor a program ( say , an IDE ) has a chance against this unprecedented syntactic power .
Poor support for meta - programming is not necessarily a very big deal , because you can do lots and lots of things without it .
That is , unless you work in C ++.
For example , there are no built - in lists or dictionaries in C++ ; the standard library provides templates you can use , so you can recompile the definition of each kind of dictionary each time you use it in a source file .
In fact , most of the code in the C++ standard library belongs to a conceptually and historically separate library called STL , which stands for " Standard Template Library " .
For example , that 's where std::vector , which the FAQ recommends to use instead of the evil C arrays , comes from .
If you use C++ , chances are that you 're going to deal a lot with its obscure meta- programming facilities .
[ 35.2 ]
What 's the syntax / semantics for a " class template " ?
FAQ : You add the parameters before the definition of your class , as in template < typename T > class Array { ... } ; , and then you can use the parameters in the definition of the class , as in T arr [ N ] ; , and then you can use your class by substituting the parameters as in Array < int > ( the FAQ gives a code listing instead of using words ; its example is as simple as that ) .
FQA : Wow , that sounds easy !
Too bad it 's wrong , in two ways .
First , things will not follow this straight - forward model - the FAQ itself discusses a couple of cases , like the need to resort to the typename keyword and the look - up of " nondependent names " .
All such cases illustrate that you can't take the definition of a class , parameterize some things making it a template , and expect it to just work - it 's way more tricky .
Second , what about the cases where nobody would ever write the classes generated from templates manually , but templates are still used because that 's the only meta- programming facility offered by C ++?
Of course there are also C macros , which have some limitations templates do n't have ( and vice versa ) , and at least compile fast .
But in the C++ community , macros are considered the most evil feature ever , and using them is treated as a sin somewhere between speeding and blasphemy .
Anyway , a majority of all uses of templates " beyond type - safe containers " actually fall in this second category .
Let 's look at the previously mentioned compile - time factorial example , which is trivial compared to nifty stuff like type lists :
template < int N > struct Factorial { enum { value = N* Factorial < N-1>:: value } ; } ; template <> struct Factorial <0 > { enum { value = 1 } ; } ;
This code generates N+1 classes in order to compute the factorial of N. Talk about " the syntax / semantics of class templates " .
This is equally disturbing to humans - because it makes so little sense - and to compilers , which internally represent each class using a sizable data structure .
This compile time computation technique tends to take a lot of compile time .
When your only tool is a hammer template , not only does every problem look like a nail - you also hammer it with 100 hammers .
Oh , and when you want to use a template , be kind with the C++ lexer ( the part of the compiler converting text to " tokens " so that the parser can check whether they make meaningful statements ) .
Code like vector < vector < int >> , which tries to declare an inefficient implementation of a 2D array , wo n't compile - you need a space before the two > characters .
Their concatenation looks just like the right bitwise shift operator .
This is one of the more harmless , albeit confusing , awkward interactions between C++ features .
[ 35.3 ]
What 's the syntax / semantics for a " function template " ?
FAQ : Pretty similar to class templates , plus you can usually omit the template parameters - the compiler will figure them out from the function arguments .
For instance , you can write a swap function for swapping two values of any type , be it integers , strings , sets or file systems ( yes , the FAQ actually mentions swapping some FileSystem objects ) .
By the way , an instantiation of a " function template " is called " template function " .
FQA : In addition to all the problems with class templates , we are now engaged in a battle of wits with the oh - so - smart compiler figuring out template parameters from function arguments .
Or not .
For example , std : : max ( x,5 ) compiles when x is a int , but fails to compile when it's a float or a short .
You see , the point of templates is to make " algorithms " work with values of many different types , facilitating " code reuse " ( the fact that x > 5 ? x : 5 is less code than std : : max ( x , ( short ) 5 ) does n't mean you do n't want to reuse code , does it ? ) .
For instance , you can reuse std :: swap to swap a couple of file systems .
All you have to do is implement a class FileSystem with a default constructor creating a new empty disk partition .
The copy constructor will copy all the files from a given FileSystem to a newly created partition , the destructor will wipe it out , and operator= will do the latter followed by the former .
To handle errors , use exceptions .
You might get a few extra disk partitions created and destroyed , especially if you pass FileSystem objects around too much in the code , but that 's a small price to pay for reusing the 3 lines of code in std :: swap .
And a " commercial - grade " compiler can even eliminate some of those copies !
The note about " function templates " and " template functions " is very useful .
Too bad there are people out there that confuse the two .
Be careful with C++ terminology .
For example , do n't confuse " object files " ( compiled code ) with " objects " ( which belong to a class ) , which in turn should n't be confused with " instantiation " of class templates ( substituting template parameters is called " instantiation " , the result of this process is also " instantiation " , and creating objects is called " construction " ) .
The good ( or bad ) news is that the terminology is the easy part .
[ 35.4 ]
How do I explicitly select which version of a function template should get called ?
FAQ : Most of the time you do n't need to do it - the compiler will guess .
It uses arguments to guess , so when your function has none , use f<int > ( ) ; .
Sometimes you want to force the compiler to choose a different type than it would choose by default - for example , g( 45 ) will instantiate g<int > , while you want g< long > .
You can force the compiler to call g< long > with explicit instantiation as in g<long > ( 45 ) ; or type conversion as in g ( 45L ) ; .
FQA : There is a good reason to avoid all kinds of " clever " behavior which gets in your way when you try to figure out what a program actually does ( it does n't always do what the author thought it would do ) .
Overloading and template specialization are one kind of this behavior - go figure which function is actually called .
But let 's assume for a moment that it's not a problem , and that the important thing is to write code expressing the author 's intent " clearly " in the sense that it 's not cluttered with " low - level " details like which " version " of a function is called .
In that case , the picture presented by the FAQ looks fair - you only need to explicitly specify parameters when the compiler has no information to guess them itself , or when you do n't like its guess .
The truth is more complicated , because sometimes a function has more than one argument , and the template defines constraints on these arguments .
That 's what happens with std : : max ( x,5 ) when x is a float .
The template wants two arguments of the same type , and the compiler thinks that " 5 " is of type int .
So even though the intent seems clear ( you probably want 5 to be treated as a number of the same type as that of x ) , the compiler can't make a decision .
So you have to interfere in these cases , and choose between two almost equally unreadable alternatives , explicit instantiation or explicit type conversion .
Out of the two options , explicit instantiation , the syntax defined by C++ ( as opposed to type conversion which is inherited from C ) is typically worse .
First , this way the code using a function forces it to be implemented as a template , although it does n't really care , and makes it harder to get rid of the pesky templates when you feel like it .
And second , when the need to interfere and disambiguate arises inside another template , you may have to use the following syntax , hideous even by C++ standards :
a.template f<long >( 45 ) ;
While C++ features generally interact poorly with each other , templates set the record by interacting poorly with themselves .
[ 35.5 ]
What is a " parameterized type " ?
FAQ : A way to say " class templates " .
FQA : Hmm , why do we need two ways of saying this ?
[ 35.6 ]
What is " genericity " ?
FAQ : A way to say " class templates " .
Do n't confuse with " generality " .
FQA : Hmm , why do we need three ways of saying this ?
Apparently C++ promoters consider templates an excellent and unique feature , despite their obscurity and the availability of much better meta- programming facilities in many languages .
The many different synonyms are probably needed to illuminate the killer feature from many different directions .
[ 35.7 ]
My template function does something special when the template type T is int or std :: string ; how do I write my template so it uses the special code when T is one of those specific types ?
FAQ : First , make sure it's a good thing to do in your case .
Generally , it is when the " observable behavior " in the special version you want to add is identical to the general case - otherwise , you 're not helping your users .
If the special case is " consistent " with the generic case , you can do it as in template <> void foo< int > ( ) { ... } .
FQA : " Observable behavior " means different things to different people .
In particular , many C++ users tend to observe performance ( if you do n't care about performance , but you still use a language that wo n't detect run time violations of language rules like out - of - bounds array indexes , you 're probably wasting your time ) .
Consequently , the specialization of vector < bool > to be space - efficient ( by storing bits instead of bytes ) at the cost of speed ( individual bits are harder to access than whole bytes ) found in some STL versions is not a very good idea , because it ultimately confuses the performance - aware user .
If the user wants a vector of bits , the user can implement a vector of bits , or STL could supply one , but it 's very inconvenient when you can't have a simple mental model describing what vector really means .
In addition , specialization is actually a pretty dangerous trap because it is your responsibility to make sure that all specializations are visible to the compiler ( #included ) at each point where a template is used .
If that 's not the case , you can get too kinds of vector < bool > instantiated in your program , triggering " undefined behavior " ( typically you 'll pass a vector of the first kind to a function compiled to work with vectors of the second kind and crash ) .
So specializing others ' templates is very likely to lead to a disaster ( because you can't make sure that your specializations are visible in code you did n't write ) , and libraries which actually assume that you 'll specialize templates they define are best avoided .
If you really want to use specialization , take into account that function templates do n't support partial specialization ( " I want a special version for all types which are vectors of any T " ) , only class templates do ( template functions support overloading , which follows different rules ) .
One workaround is to implement a single function template working with any T and delegate the call to a static method of a template class , as in :
template < class T> void f( const T& x ) { FImpl < T >:: f( x ) ; }
This way , the class FImpl can be defined using partial specialization .
All these layers of cryptic syntax could be considered tolerable if they ultimately were the only way to accomplish something really useful , and you could forget about them once you were done .
But it 's actually very easy to program without these complications , and almost always these complications get you nothing except for reducing maintainability , and you get to see them each time you have a compilation error deep down a chain of templates delegating trivial work to each other , and debugging run time errors becomes a real nightmare .
Basically you can choose simple interfaces and simple implementations , or C++- style cryptic interfaces and cryptic implementations .
It 's a trade - off .
[ 35.8 ]
Huh ?
Can you provide an example of template specialization that does n't use foo and bar ?
FAQ : For instance , you can " stringify " values of different types using a template .
The generic version boils down to ostringstream out ; out << x .
But you might want to define specializations to handle types where the ostream output operator does n't do what you like ( you can set the output precision of floating point numbers , etc . )
FQA : This means that all values of the same type will have to be formatted identically .
For example , all integers will be printed using decimal digits .
If you prefer hexadecimal , you can define class HexInt ( a template , of course , so that it can handle all the different integral types , including user - defined ones ) .
Then you can use stringify ( HexInt < int > ( x ) ) .
You might need a partial specialization of stringify for HexInt < T> ( see previous FAQ ) .
To save the trouble of explicitly passing the template parameters to HexInt , use a creator function template HexInt < T> hexint ( const T& ) - the compiler will figure T out from stringify ( hexint ( x ) ) .
Specifying a number of leading zeros ( as in the format string " %08 x " ) using advanced C++ type - based techniques is left as an exercise to the reader .
We 've done quite some work indeed in order to print an integer .
Time to relax and let the compiler concentrate while it cleverly figures out all the things we want it to figure out .
You usually print stuff for debugging , so the long build time may be annoying , but it 's sure better than using a visual debugger where you get to see the line noise generated from all those other templates .
In the meanwhile , it is quite likely that whatever your real job was , someone else ( probably some kind of competitor ) has already done it .
But did the result contain a mature , generic and efficient printing infrastructure with really , really minor usability and maintainability problems ?
Most certainly it did n't .
Which is why C++ template specialization is your friend .
[ 35.9 ]
But most of the code in my template function is the same ; is there some way to get the benefits of template specialization without duplicating all that source code ?
FAQ : You can factor out the common code and only specialize a helper function called from the common code .
Two screens of source code are attached for illustration .
FQA : Factoring out common code and helper functions are indeed very useful ( which is why you can do that kind of thing with virtually every programming language ) .
The existence of this question in the FAQ seems to indicate that people get unbelievably confused by templates , and lose hope that anything useful they know is applicable to them .
Which is not that much of an exaggeration .
[ 35.10 ]
All those templates and template specializations must slow down my program , right ?
FAQ : You guessed wrong .
Maybe the compilation will become " slightly " slower .
But the compiler ends up figuring out the types of everything , and then doing all the usual nifty C++ optimizations .
FQA : You guessed right .
And the compilation will become intolerably slow .
It 's not like the FAQ is lying - it 's just talking about the state of affairs in theory , where C++ belongs .
The " slight " slowdown of compilation is not even worth discussing : everything is " slight " if you have lots of time on your hands .
Just try to build a C program and a modern C++ program full of templates and compare the time it took .
As to execution time , there are practical problems making programs generated from templates slow compared to the hand - written alternatives .
First , the compiler generates the same code over and over again .
Sometimes the linker throws away the extra copies and sometimes it does n't , and the size of your program increases .
In particular , the linker does n't have a chance to throw away the functions which are identical at the assembly level , but not at the source code level ( think about vector < int > and vector < void * > ) .
It is possible to implement templates in a way avoiding these problems ( by using the same implementation for all specializations yielding the same assembly code ) .
It is very tedious and almost never done .
Two identical functions almost always take more time to execute than a single function called twice , which has to do with instruction caches - a useful gadget frequently overlooked by many people who care about " theoretical efficiency " without actually measuring performance .
Second , when people work with templates , they use types - their only hammer - for saying almost everything ( consider the HexInt class from the previous FAQ ) .
More specifically , they wrap simple values of built - in types in user - defined types - classes .
The type is used to select the right specialization and what - not - in fact it 's used to specify what to do .
An extreme example is the boost lambda library - it creates structures representing entire functions , with a sub - structure representing addition , a sub- structure representing the constant 1 , etc .
Now , " theoretical performance fans " may think that all of these structures get optimized out by the clever compiler .
In practice , that 's almost always close to impossible to do because of the so - called pointer aliasing problem .
When you have a local variable x , it 's clear that nobody can change it but the code of the function , so the compiler can do lots of things with x , like stuffing it into a register or even completely optimizing it out .
But once you push x into a structure , it 's hard to see where it 's modified - go figure who has a pointer to that structure , especially if you pass the object to a separately compiled function .
So the compiler has to allocate a memory slot for x and make sure the memory cell gets updated when x is modified and that the memory cell gets read when there 's a chance that it could have been changed by someone else .
Code working with templates and relying on types to do compile time dispatching ends up doing lots of memory load / store operations at run time since the types do n't really go away .
And anyway , there 's such a huge amount of scenarios to take care of to optimize complicated template - based code well that compiler writers rarely bother .
They are lucky if they get the parsing right .
Even that is unlikely - when you are porting from one compiler to another , chances are that most of your compatibility problems will come from the semantics of the code using templates .
[ 35.11 ]
So templates are overloading , right ?
FAQ :
They are in the sense that they are inspected when the compiler resolves names ( figures out the version of f that should be called by f( x ) ) .
They are not in the sense that the rules are different .
Specifically , there 's the SFINAE ( Substitution Failure Is Not An Error ) rule : the argument types have to match exactly for a template to be considered in overload resolution .
If they do n't , the compiler wo n't try to apply conversions the way it would with a function - instead it will discard the template .
FQA : Aside from the fact that the acronym " SFINAE " interpreted literally does n't seem to describe what it 's supposed to describe , this sounds just a little bit too easy .
For example , what does " exact match " mean ?
Let 's have a look at a real life example taken from the GNU implementation of the C++ standard library .
I tried to make this short , but there are about 5 distinct stupid things involved , so it was hard .
If you get tired in the middle of this and stop , it 's probably an indication that you do get the main point - that things are actually very complicated in this department and that these complications are best avoided .
Stupid thing # 1 : Once upon a time , vector < int >:: iterator was a plain old typedef for int* in the GNU STL .
Of course this is very , very dangerous : people might use std::vector as if it were just an array of objects - a serious abstraction violation , you could get arrested for that in some jurisdictions .
At the beginning of the 21st century , the guys behind GNU STL decided to " fix " this by creating a class template called __normal_iterator .
This template serves as a " strict typedef " - it wraps any existing iterator type , such as int* , and delegates all operations to the existing type , but can not be converted to int* .
This has many important benefits over the previous implementation , for example , much longer error messages .
Stupid thing # 2 :
As you may know , there are two kinds of iterators defined by STL containers : iterator and const_iterator because of inherent problems with const : const iterator is not at all the same as const_iterator .
If STL wanted to be consistent , it would also define volatile_iterator and const_volatile_iterator , and then nobody would even look at STL , which would n't necessarily be bad .
But they did n't .
So now you also need two kinds of " normal iterators " - for int* and const int* .
Stupid thing # 3 : Of course the GNU STL guys did n't want to define a __normal_const_iterator - after all , making conversion hard for you is an excellent thing , but making it hard for them is a completely different thing .
Instead , they decided to support automatic conversion between different instantiations of __normal_iterator , by - of course - delegating the conversion to the wrapped types ( templates normally delegate all useful work to someone else ; their job is obfuscation ) .
This way , you can compare const and non-const iterators using the same operator , having this elegant prototype :
template < typename _IteratorL , typename _ IteratorR , typename _ Container > inline bool operator >( const __normal_iterator < _IteratorL , _Container > & __lhs , const __normal_iterator < _IteratorR , _ Container > & __rhs ) ;
Stupid thing # 4 : STL provides another , seemingly unrelated service to its users .
It defines global relational operators which work on arguments of any type .
How can they compare objects without knowing anything about them ?
At this point you can probably guess the answer - of course , they delegate the work to someone else , this time to existing relational operators , using interesting identities such as ( a > b ) == !( a < =b ) .
This way , you can define only 2 relational operators , and get the rest " for free " .
Stupid thing # 5 : Except when you can't .
This is where our subject , overload resolution and templates , kicks in .
Remember the rule about only considering templates when the argument types match the prototype exactly ?
Well , when you compare " normal iterators " of the same type ( for example , both wrapping int* ) , the beautiful prototype above matches the arguments " exactly " .
So do the " generic " relational operators .
Oops , we have ambiguous overloading !
The " solution " is to define a third overload , matching the types even more exactly by using a single template parameter _Iterator instead of two which can possibly differ .
Why is this situation considered " unambiguous " ?
Frankly , beyond the basic intuition saying that you must show the compiler a type pattern as similar to your arguments as possible , I do n't know .
That 's why I did n't list the Stupid thing # 6 .
But the first 5 make me feel that in this case , ignorance is bliss .
Apparently this situation looks discouraging even from inside the C++ universe , as indicated by the following rather sad comment found in one of the header files of the GNU STL .
You can probably decipher it , unless the 5 stupid things above have already faded from your memory :
// Note :
In what follows , the left - and right - hand - side iterators are // allowed to vary in types ( conceptually in cv-qualification ) so that // comparison between cv-qualified and non-cv-qualified iterators be // valid .
However , the greedy and unfriendly operators in std:: rel_ops // will make overload resolution ambiguous ( when in scope ) if we do n't // provide overloads whose operands are of the same type .
Can someone // remind me what generic programming is about ? -- Gaby
This could be amusing ( an implementor of the standard library of a language complaining about this language in files delivered to users and all ) if it were n't so mind - numbing .
People who think they are better at C++ than the GNU STL authors are welcome to waste their entire life chasing and " solving " problems with overload resolution , template specialization or whatever its name is .
For the rest , trying to avoid templates & overloading sounds like a good advice , which can be followed to an extent even if you are forced to use C ++.
[ 35.12 ]
Why can't I separate the definition of my templates class from its declaration and put it inside a .cpp file ?
FAQ : " Accept these facts " , says the FAQ - templates are not code , just a recipe for generating code given parameters ; in order to compile this code , it must first be generated , which takes knowing both the template definition and the definitions of the parameters which are passed to it ; and the compiler does n't know anything about code outside of a file when compiling the file ( which is called " separate compilation " ) .
So you have to place template definitions in header files , or else the compiler wo n't get a chance to see all the definitions it needs at the same time .
Experts should calm down - yes , it 's oversimplified ; if you know it is , you do n't need this answer anyway .
FQA : There are two problems with placing template definitions in header files which may bother you : you get to recompile them each time the file is included , and you disclose your source code to the user .
Let 's concentrate on the first problem .
The second is minor anyway because source code of templates is n't necessarily easier to understand than disassembled object code .
As to the first problem - to get an idea about its magnitude , consider the fact that an iostream - based " hello , world " program requires the GNU C++ compiler to parse 718K ( !!) bytes .
And contrary to the claims in the FAQ , it turns out that the need to make the source code of templates available to the compiler is not the only reason we have this problem .
Suppose a C++ compiler could use some rules to locate compiled definitions of classes given their names , for example " std::vector < int > is always located at the file $ OUTPUT_ROOT / templates/std/vector_int.o " and so on .
This way , if you used vector < int > and vector < double > , you 'd have to compile vector twice , but if you used vector < int > twice , the compiler could avoid recompilation .
That would make sense since you 'd only compile different classes each time you compile the template .
Unfortunately , this can't work in C ++.
That 's because the compiler can't parse std::vector < int > without parsing the entire preprocessed output generated by # include < vector > .
That parsing , which has to be done over and over again for each compiled source file , takes most of the compilation time .
Generating the code of std::vector < int > several times is the small part of the problem , and most compiler writers do n't bother to solve it , since you 'd still have the parsing bottleneck .
The basic problem inherited from C is that the compiler can't look up definitions .
Instead , you have to arrange #include files so that the preprocessor can copy - and - paste definitions into a single huge bulk containing everything relevant ( as well as many irrelevant things ) for the compilation of your source file .
C still compiles fast because its grammar is simple .
Many newer languages define not only the concept of a " class " , but also rules to help the compiler locate definitions instead of parsing them over and over again .
C++ programmers enjoy the worst of both worlds .
[ 35.13 ]
How can I avoid linker errors with my template functions ?
FAQ : You probably did n't make the definition of a template available to your compiler at the point where a template is used ( did you implement a template in a .cpp file ? ) .
There are three solutions :
Move the definition to the .h file ( which may increase the size of your compiled code , unless the compiler is " smart enough " ) .
Add explicit instantiations in your .cpp file .
For example , template void foo< int >( ) ; will cause the compiler to generate the code of foo < int > , and the linker will find it .
will cause the compiler to generate the code of , and the linker will find it .
#include the .cpp file defining the template at the .cpp file using the template .
If it feels weird , live with it or read the previous FAQ .
FQA : These " solutions " create new problems :
Moving code to .h file : even if the code size does n't increase , the compilation time will - you are going to recompile your templates from scratch each time they are used , and templates are one of the hardest parts of C++ to compile .
It 's nice that the FAQ at least acknowledges that your code size might increase though - in practice it most certainly will .
Too bad the FAQ did n't mention it in the question about the speed of templates - replicated code means more time spent in fetching code into instruction caches .
: even if the code size does n't increase , the compilation time will - you are going to recompile your templates from scratch each time they are used , and templates are one of the hardest parts of C++ to compile .
It 's nice that the FAQ at least acknowledges that your code size increase though - in practice it most certainly .
Too bad the FAQ did n't mention it in the question about the speed of templates - replicated code means more time spent in fetching code into instruction caches .
Explicit instantiations : this is one big step back to C macros .
Suppose you have a parameterized preprocessor macro which expands to a definition of a container class .
One difference between this macro and an equivalent template is that if someone uses one such class , that someone must also make sure that the macro is actually expanded somewhere with the appropriate parameters - or you must provide these expansions .
Otherwise , there will be linker errors .
With templates , the compiler is supposed to generate the needed instantiations transparently - except it 's almost impossible to accomplish .
Along comes this " solution " , moving us back to square one .
: this is one big step back to C macros .
Suppose you have a parameterized preprocessor macro which expands to a definition of a container class .
One difference between this macro and an equivalent template is that if someone one such class , that someone must also make sure that the macro is actually somewhere with the appropriate parameters - or you must provide these expansions .
Otherwise , there will be linker errors .
With templates , the compiler is supposed to generate the needed instantiations transparently - except it 's almost impossible to accomplish .
Along comes this " solution " , moving us back to square one .
Including the definition at the point of usage : this shares the problems of the first two options .
If you use templates in .h files , you may have to include the .cpp files defining them in these .h files , getting the problems of option 1 .
But the benefit of option 1 - transparency - is gone : quite similarly to option 2 , it is now your job to make the definition of a template available wherever the template is used .
[ 35.14 ]
How does the C++ keyword export help with template linker errors ?
FAQ : It 's " designed " to eliminate the need to make the definition of a template available to the compiler at the point of usage .
Currently , there 's only one compiler supporting it .
The keyword 's future is " unknown " .
An advice for futuristic programmers follows .
It shows a way to make code compatible with both compilers that support export and those that do n't using - guess what ?
- the wonders of the evil C preprocessor .
Among other things , the FAQ advises to #define export under certain conditions .
FQA : " How does it help " , is that what you want to know ?
OK then .
The export keyword helps with template linker errors just the way a song about peace helps to stop a bullet penetrating a foot .
It helps just like a keyword findbugs telling the compiler to find and report all the bugs in a piece of code would help you with bugs .
The rest of C++ makes this keyword impossible to support in any useful way that would actually yield faster compilation compared to the case when template definitions are included at header files .
That 's why most compilers do n't bother to support it , and that 's why the future of the keyword is " unknown " : it 's useless .
If you spot someone following the FAQ's advice ( #ifdef EXTRATERRESTRIAL_COMPILER
and all that ) , call an ambulance .
Warning : the patient has likely reached a very agitated state and might escape before the people qualified to deal with the situation arrive .
Try to occupy the patient 's mind with a discussion about the fact that #defining keywords is illegal C++.
Propose to consult your lawyer .
Try to " design " a couple of keywords together ( look up synonyms in a dictionary , imagine them printed in popular fonts , stuff like that ) .
Improvise .
It 's gonna be over soon .
[ 35.15 ]
How can I avoid linker errors with my template classes ?
FAQ : It 's just like errors with template functions , which were explained in the previous answers .
FQA : Yep , it 's about the same .
[ 35.16 ]
Why do I get linker errors when I use template friends ?
FAQ : If you have a class template C declaring a friend like Foo < T > f( ) , the compiler assumes that there 's a global function f( ) returning Foo <T > .
You probably meant a different thing , namely - there 's a function template template < class T> Foo < T > f( ) , and you want its instantiation f < T > ( ) to be a friend of your instantiation C< T > .
There are two ways around this :
Declare the function template before the definition of the class , and add <> to the friend declaration , as in friend Foo < T > f <>( ) ;
to the friend declaration , as in Define the friend function template inside the body of the class .
FQA : In both solutions the syntax is unrelated to the semantics to an extent remarkable even for C ++.
Why does <> mean that we are talking about an instantiation of a template function ?
Why not use a keyword ( like , just an example off the top of the head , the template keyword ) to say that ?!
The C++ way is uncompromisingly ugly , especially in the example mentioned by the FAQ itself : operator << <>(... ) .
And even when you do n't have a problem with placing the definition in a header file , the seemingly cleaner second way is actually more cryptic .
This breaks one of the very few things in C++ you can normally count on : that a declaration of a function or a type looks just like a definition without the body .
Here , we change the meaning of the prototype by adding a body : instead of declaring a function , we now declared and defined a function template .
Last but not least , the very fact that this problem exists is an indication of a readability problem with the C++ grammar .
How many people would guess that the original declaration refers to a function and not a function template ?
How is one supposed to navigate through this swamp of arbitrary syntax ?
Of course one should n't expect the kind of readability you get with a natural language from a programming language .
Of course any formal language will behave " counter - intuitively " at times .
But people do deal with formal languages quite successfully , when it is possible to keep a reasonably compact model of the key rules in one 's mind .
In these cases , even if you bump into a behavior which does n't make sense at the first glance , you can think again and - " Of course , of course , I know what it 's doing ! " .
Do you feel that you understand what a C++ compiler is actually doing ?
Neither do most C++ users out there .
[ 35.17 ]
How can any human hope to understand these overly verbose template - based error messages ?
FAQ : There 's a " free tool " converting compiler error messages to more human - readable ones .
It works with many compilers .
An example follows , having a snippet [ STL Decryptor : Suppressed 1 more STL standard header message ] in it .
FQA : Oh really ?
Any " template - based " error messages ?
Hmm , why did n't the compiler writers produce clean error messages in the first place if a single tool can clean up all the mess created by many different compilers ?
These people must be quite lazy and / or stupid .
Or are they ?
Actually , no , they are not .
The error messages are cryptic because templates are cryptic , and most compilers can't really do much better than they do today .
The tool mentioned ( without the name ) and linked to by the FAQ is called STLFilt .
That 's why the FAQ does n't mention the name .
That 's why its output does mention STL .
That 's why it works at all - you can't improve generic template error messages , but you can filter STL - related messages if you know how STL is implemented in each specific case .
We need a couple more tools , like STLCompilationTimeReducer and STLDebugInformationBeautifier , and we 're all set .
Yet another proof that generic meta- programming facilities are a better way to implement containers than build them into a language .
If you wish to implement a template library , do n't forget to implement a tool filtering the error messages your users will get , as well as the other cool tools , for all the flavors of compilers out there .
[ 35.18 ]
Why am I getting errors when my template - derived - class uses a nested type it inherits from its template - base - class ?
FAQ : This can hurt , sit down .
The compiler does n't look for " non-dependent " names ( ones that do n't mention the template parameters ) in " dependent " base classes .
So if you inherited a nested class or typedef A from your base class B < T > , you can only access it using a dependent name , like B < T > : : A , but you can't use a non-dependent name , like plain A .
And you 'll have to prefix that " dependent " name with the typename keyword .
That 's because the compiler does n't know that B < T > :: A is a type ( think about two specializations , one defining a nested class A and one defining a global variable A ) .
FQA : This illustrates two generic problems with the C++ grammar .
First , class templates are not just parameterized class definitions , because the crazy C++ name look - up gets crazier when you are inside a template .
So do n't assume you can take a C++ class definition , factor out a bunch of parameters and get a working template definition .
Second , telling a C++ type name from a C++ object / function name is insanely complicated .
This interacts badly with templates , constructors , and everything else .
As to the possible reactions of users the FAQ attempts to anticipate : while running away may be justified , sitting down is probably not .
Good developers tend to test their code , so even if the compiler did n't spit an error message and did the wrong thing silently ( for instance , used a type called A from the global namespace ) , a test will find the error .
Stupid compiler behavior only feels like pain for people who think that the extremely slow C++ compilers spend their time in finding all their bugs , and do n't bother to test the result .
Those people should relax and save their tears for the C++ run-time errors .
[ 35.19 ]
Why am I getting errors when my template - derived - class uses a member it inherits from its template - base - class ?
FAQ : The reasons are identical to those in the previous FAQ .
But the workarounds are different - convert f( ) to this ->f ( ) or add the statement using B < T > : :f( ) to your class definition .
Using the fully qualified name like it was done in the previous FAQ ( B < T > : : f( ) ) will also work , except when the function is virtual , in which case the compiler will use static binding , not dynamic binding .
FQA : Yep , the case with member functions is similar to the case with nested types , with the additional bonus of interacting badly with virtual functions .
The FAQ has a hilarious comment in the spirit of " this does n't mean that template inheritance does n't work - but the name look - up works differently " .
And that 's C++ for you : it 's not like you can't write code , it 's just that you can't tell for sure what any particular name or some other part of it means .
[ 35.20 ]
Can the previous problem hurt me silently ?
Is it possible that the compiler will silently generate the wrong code ?
FAQ : Yes - the compiler might call a function or use a type from the global namespace instead of what you meant , for example .
FQA : It 's not as horrible that a language can silently misinterpret what you mean as it may sound .
Any language will do this to the creative but imprecise human mind ( formal languages aside , people frequently misunderstand each other ) .
With formal languages , you can form a relatively simple model which will help you understand these problems .
It 's the same with C++ except for the " simple " part , so C++ and you will misunderstand each other pretty frequently .
And you can also test your code by creating programs that check if it does what you want it to do in a bunch of cases .
It 's the same with C++ except that it compiles forever and you have to write notable amounts of code to implement the simplest test , so C++ code ends up being tested pretty rarely .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A lawyer for a convicted rapist asked the Supreme Court on Monday for a chance to prove his client 's innocence with a new DNA test , a request met with skepticism from some justices .
An expert says the Supreme Court is finally going to decide whether convicted prisoners can access DNA .
At issue is whether inmates can use a federal civil rights law to press for advanced DNA testing that was unavailable at the time of their crimes .
Forty - four states and the federal government have laws allowing post - conviction access to such evidence , but Alaska is not among them .
" If he succeeds in this case , that does n't get him outside the prison door , " said Justice David Souter .
" All it does is get him some evidence to test . "
" It is exactly a question of displacing what the states have done because now this question is going to be subject to constitutional law and it's going to be litigated " on a potentially endless stream of claims by convicted criminals , he said .
William Osborne 's trial attorney in Anchorage made a strategic decision 15 years ago to forgo additional forensic testing of the evidence in a criminal assault case , believing it would implicate her client .
Years later , the Alaska inmate sought access to the state 's biological evidence .
Osborne and a co-defendant were convicted in the 1993 rape , beating and shooting of an Anchorage prostitute .
Though the circumstances of only his case are at issue here , the implications could be felt across the country .
A high court ruling in favor of the defendant could open all states to something close to mandatory post - conviction DNA testing for older crimes where such evidence is available .
Some states fear a flood of frivolous lawsuits clogging the courts from prisoners whose guilt has already been established .
The Innocence Project , representing Osborne , notes that DNA testing has exonerated 232 wrongly convicted people in the past two decades , including 17 men on death row .
Alaska officials said in their high - court appeal that even if current genetic testing does not show the semen and hair at the crime scene matches Osborne , other evidence remains strong enough to uphold the conviction .
They said that since there was no trial error , Osborne should have made his claim of right to access biological evidence at the trial , not on appeal .
Alaska Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Rosenstein said the defendant has refused to submit an affidavit asserting his innocence .
Justice Antonin Scalia quoted Osborne 's own affidavit when making his initial appeal , which said : " I have no doubt whatsoever that retesting of the condom [ from the crime scene ] will prove once and for all time my guilt or innocence . "
" I mean , what is that ? " asked Scalia , shaking his head .
" If he does n't allege his actual innocence , " Rosenstein told the court , " then this is really a fishing expedition " because the inmate could be subject to perjury if he declares his innocence , but the tests later confirm his guilt .
Scalia called it " gaming the system . "
The Obama administration supports Alaska , and a Justice Department lawyer called Osborne a " poor candidate for relief " because he has twice admitted guilt under oath .
But when Deputy Solicitor General Neal Katyal said Alaska could be buried in a " floodgate " of criminal post - conviction appeals , under a constitutionally established standard for relief , Justice John Paul Stevens pressed him for specifics .
" There are seven [ DNA request ] cases in this state in the whole of Alaska , " Stevens said .
" That 's floodgates ? " he asked to courtroom laughter .
Osborne 's lawyer Peter Neufeld said it was " completely irrational " for the state to put up legal impediments to a basic request for DNA testing .
" That would be terrible if the primary goal of our criminal justice system is that someone who is actually innocent of the crime for which he is serving a sentence can't present evidence that will win him his freedom , " he said .
Osborne was found guilty in 1993 of kidnapping and assault .
He and a co-defendant were convicted of raping an Anchorage prostitute , then beating her with an ax handle , shooting her in the head and dumping her in a snowbank near the airport , believing her dead .
The victim survived and identified Osborne from photo lineups .
He was given 26 years behind bars , with five years suspended .
His co-defendant has continued to implicate Osborne , and the 36 - year - old prisoner admitted his guilt in a 2004 parole hearing , though he later said he made the confession only to secure his release .
Initial state forensic testing on a condom and hairs found at the crime scene found the DNA consistent with Osborne 's genetic profile , but that one in six African - Americans might share a similar genetic profile .
Osborne 's appointed trial counsel declined more sophisticated , independent testing , believing the initial one - in - six rate provided " very good numbers " to make a case for mistaken identity , according to an affidavit submitted in the high court appeal .
The trial lawyer was also worried further testing could implicate Osborne .
A federal appeals court ruled in favor of Osborne , saying Alaska was trying to " foreclose " his possible innocence " by its simple refusal to open the evidence locker . "
Osborne 's legal team said that under a section of the Civil Rights
Act of 1871 he has a right to such evidence in the government 's possession when making a " free - standing " claim of innocence .
The high court has never before decided what role DNA can play in post - conviction appeals , despite a variety of testing that has been around for more than two decades .
" So finally the Supreme Court , perhaps a bit belatedly , is taking up the issue of what is the standard going to be and how much access should prisoners be given in cases where DNA might prove they 're innocent , " said Edward Lazarus , a legal analyst and author of " Closed Chambers , " a book on the justices .
" It might also prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that they 're guilty . "
Osborne was freed from prison last year , but within months was re-arrested then convicted in December of kidnapping and assault in a home invasion in Anchorage .
He is awaiting sentencing on those counts .
The Supreme Court case is District Attorney 's Office for the Third Judicial District v. Osborne ( 08 - 6 ) .
A ruling is expected by late June .
All About U.S. Supreme Court • Alaska
For years , cryptographer Daniel J. Bernstein has touted his djbdns as so secure he promised a $ 1,000 bounty to anyone who can poke holes in the domain name resolution software .
Now it could be time to pay up , as researchers said they 've uncovered several vulnerabilities in the package that could lead end users to fraudulent addresses under the control of attackers .
djbdns is believed to be the second most popular DNS program , behind Bind .
The bugs show that even the most secure DNS packages are susceptible to attacks that could visit chaos on those who use them .
One of the bugs , disclosed last week by researcher Kevin Day , exploits a known vulnerability in the DNS system that allows attackers to poison domain name system caches by flooding a server with multiple requests for the same address .
It was discovered in 2002 and applies a much older probability theory known as the Birthday Paradox .
This holds that for a group of 23 randomly chosen people , there is a better than 50 - per-cent probability that some pair will have been born on the same day and a better than 99 - per-cent chance if the group is expanded to 57 people .
Attackers can exploit the condition by sending as few as 200 simultaneous domain - name requests to a server running djbdns .
Under certain conditions , the DNS software will then return fraudulent IP addresses for that particular website address , according to this paper ( PDF ) , which describes the attack in detail .
Bind and other DNS programs added protection against the exploit years ago , so it was surprising when the vulnerability was only recently detected in Bernstein 's package .
" We 've known for seven years that you have to prevent simultaneous queries for the same name , " DNS - security expert Dan Kaminsky told The Register .
" They [ the people responsible for djbdns ] did n't and so they lost a fair amount of their security from that . "
Neither Bernstein nor Day were available to comment for this story .
A second vulnerability in djbdns was disclosed on Thursday that could also be used to trick servers into returning spoofed addresses for popular websites .
Discovered by Matthew Dempsky , a software engineer at Mochi Media , it works by manipulating a feature that shortens long addresses by omitting repeated domains in certain cases .
The exploit works only when users are running djbdns companion packages known as axfrdns and tinydns , which Dempsky said is fairly rare .
Nonetheless , those who use such configurations to serve authoritative DNS content should patch immediately , Dempsky said .
( More details are available here . )
To be sure , these bugs are nothing like last year 's DNS cache poisoning vulnerability that threatened trust as we know it on the internet .
That bug , and similar ones uncovered over the years by researchers such as Amit Klein , were so wide spread that they had the potential to afflict much bigger numbers and there were fewer mitigating circumstances .
At time of writing , it was unclear if the discoveries would qualify for the $ 1,000 bounty Bernstein has promised to pay .
" I think it does , " Dempsky said of the vulnerability he disclosed .
" I emailed him [ Bernstein ] earlier this week when I first discovered the bug to ask him about it .
He replied that he would evaluate it and get back to me , but probably not until next week . " ®
Developer BioWare , creators of such famous videogame franchises as Star Wars : KOTOR and Mass Effect , was recently interviewed by UK magazine Play .
Now while the excellent Mass Effect game never made it over to the PS3 , its sequel has yet to have had its platforms written in stone .
Within the magazine ’s interview , BioWare CEO
Dr Ray Muzyka is quoted as having said :
The PlayStation 3 is a really amazing platform to work on , so is 360 .
Wii is as well .
Could this mean they have been working on a PlayStation 3 version ?
This does add more fuel to the fire to the Mass Effect 2 on the PlayStation 3 rumor .
[ Source ]
Summary : Something is wrong with America , rendering our society incapable of connecting effectively to reality .
Who can tell what has caused this social illness , a form of cultural Alzheimer ’s ?
The symptoms appear in many aspects of our national public policy , an inability to effectively take collective action in critical areas such as energy , geopolitics , and management of our economy .
This is chapter 2 ; the first chapter ( 6 December 2007 ) discussed our housing bubble .
Contents
Introduction A brief look at free trade Problem recognition is always the first step
About those wages for highly trained professionals Ricardo probably would consider our trade policies insane Mockery of obsolete orthodoxy , an effective tool to encourage thought
Other reports about free trade and globalization Afterword and where to go for more information
(1) Introduction
Globalization — the free flow of capital , jobs , and trade — was a pillar of the post - WWII geopolitical regime .
Economists and the foreign policy establishment assure us that this globalization is an unqualified good thing — a “ win- win ” for all parties .
That is , of course , absurd .
Globalization in its current form has clearly become problematic for America .
It has weakened us in important ways during the past 3 decades .
Unless we start to think more clearly about trade , the ill effects will grow both during this downturn and in the following recovery .
Our inability to adjust to this change is another example of America ’s broken thinking .
The late USAF Colonel John Boyd described the connection of individuals or groups to reality as a process : Observe , Orient , Decide , and Act .
For a description of the OODA loop see this or Wikipedia .
All four phases of this process seem to work poorly in modern America , but we seem to have special difficulty with orientation .
To learn more about Orientation see this article by Chet Richards .
(2) A brief look at free trade
Is free trade beneficial to the US ?
David Ricardo stated that both sides benefited if the key factors of production were not mobile ( On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation , chapter 7 ) .
That was true in 1817 , but not so today .
Three of the key factors are mobile : knowledge , capital , and labor ( both as migration and outsourcing ) .
The expansion of our exposure to third world competition was tolerable so long as limited to traditional “ tradable goods . ”
Now both sophisticated manufacturing can be done almost anywhere , exposing a large fraction of our workforce to global wage competition .
Worse , globalization is expanding to services .
Another tranche of high paying jobs — this time white collar , professional jobs — are going overseas .
As a result , the political support for free trade is weakening .
The core of America ’s middle class has become vulnerable .
By now everyone knows the “ globalization ” playbook , whether from jobs flowing overseas or immigrants ( e.g. , H - 1B and H - 2B visas ) coming here to lower wages .
That is , the political basis for globalization is eroding even faster than our national balance sheet .
Will these folks passively watch their “ class interests ” ( a Marxist education is becoming more useful these days ) get eroded in order to maintain record high corp profit levels ( as % GDP ) ?
Globalization is too vast and complex a subject for a brief post , so this will attempt hit the high points of the emerging opposition to globalization among economists .
(3) Problem recognition is always the first step
( a) “ Offshoring : The Next Industrial Revolution ? “ , Alan S. Blinder , Foreign Affairs , March / April 2006 .
Blinder is no anti-globalization nut , right - wing reactionary , or even just another economist .
He is Professor of Economics at Princeton , member of the White House Council of Economic Advisers ( 1993 - 1994 ) , Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve ( 1994 - 96 ) .
Excerpt :
Although there are no reliable national data , fragmentary studies indicate that well under a million service - sector jobs in the United States have been lost to offshoring to date .
A million seems impressive , but in the gigantic and rapidly churning U.S. labor market , a million jobs is less than two weeks ‘ worth of normal gross job losses . )
However , constant improvements in technology and global communications virtually guarantee that the future will bring much more offshoring of “ impersonal services ” .
That is , services that can be delivered electronically over long distances with little or no degradation in quality .
That said , we should not view the coming wave of offshoring as an impending catastrophe .
Nor should we try to stop it .
The normal gains from trade mean that the world as a whole cannot lose from increases in productivity , and the United States and other industrial countries have not only weathered but also benefited from comparable changes in the past .
But in order to do so again , the governments and societies of the developed world must face up to the massive , complex , and multifaceted challenges that offshoring will bring .
National data systems , trade policies , educational systems , social welfare programs , and politics all must adapt to new realities .
Unfortunately , none of this is happening now .
( b) “ Will the Middle Class Hold ?
Two Problems of American Labor “ , Testimony of Alan S. Blinder to the Joint Economic Committee , 31 January 2007
… the dividing line between jobs that are deliverable electronically ( and thus are threatened by offshoring ) and those that are not does not correspond to traditional distinctions between high - end and low - end work .
…
First , we need to repair and extend the social safety net for displaced workers .
This includes unemployment insurance , trade adjustment assistance , job retraining , the minimum wage , the EITC , universal health insurance , and pension portability — plus other , newer ideas like wage loss insurance .
…
Second , we must take steps to ensure that our labor force and our businesses supply and demand the types of skills and jobs that are going to remain in America rather than move offshore .
Among other things , that may require substantial changes in our educational system - all the way from kindergarten through college .
Blinder gives the standard remedies : welfare , retraining , and more education .
The first is likely both insufficient unsustainable as “ outsourcing ” grows from the manufacturing sector to the larger service sector , and effects higher - wage jobs .
Re-training just pushes more workers into the ever - smaller boat of jobs not exposed to foreign competition .
The last is nuts .
Consider the plight of middle - aged workers with advanced professional degrees .
Do they return to school to get a 2nd masters , or a PhD — competing for the tiny pool of jobs for which these are required ?
Blinder is not alone in questioning this orthodoxy , but others take the analysis a few steps further .
( c ) “ Is Off - shoring Really Just Good Old Free Trade ? “ , Herman Daly and James Socas , presented to a Senate Democratic Policy Committee Hearing , 5 March 2004 .
Daly is a Professor at U Maryland , was a Senior Economist at the World Bank .
Summary :
Many academic economists argue that off - shoring is simply the next chapter in “ free trade ” theory – a “ good thing . ”
However , some politicians of both parties are beginning to question whether off - shoring represents a fundamental break from the past .
To them it appears that off - shoring is not free trade , as most think of it , but the systematic substitution in the production process of higher cost U.S. workers by lower priced foreign workers , due to an increasingly integrated global economy .
The result is rising corporate profits , but falling U.S. jobs , stagnating wages , and enormous pressure on the country ’s middle class .
The authors contend that what is happening in today ’s globally integrated economy is not the classical operation of “ free trade , ” and , they point out , that argument can be found in the original writings on which free trade theory is based .
(4) About those wages for highly trained professionals
“ The Minimum Wage and Doctors ’ Pay “ , Dean Baker ( Dean Baker is an economist and co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research ) , Beat the Press , 24 June 2006 — Excerpt ( emphasis added ) :
To me , the main economic story of the last 3 decades has been that those in high paying professions ( e.g. doctors , lawyers , dentists , accountants , economists etc. ) have managed to drive up their wages by sustaining and increasing barriers against competition ( both foreign and domestic ) , while less - skilled workers , like autoworkers , textile workers , dishwashers , and custodians have been deliberately placed in direct competition with low - paid workers in the developing world .
The wages in these latter categories have generally been flat or declined over this period , while workers in most of the high - paid professions have seen substantial pay increases ( e.g. the OECD reports that the real wages of doctors in the United States increased by 55 percent from 1964 - 1995 [ sorry , it ’s not free data , so I ca n’t link to it ] ) .
If this pattern is to be reversed , then the wage increases for workers at the middle and bottom will have to come at least partly at the expense of the real wages of high - end workers , just as the wage gains of high - end workers have come partly at the expense of those at the middle and bottom over the last three decades .
This is all accounting ; one can debate the merits of specific policies to reverse the upward redistribution of income , but there really is not much room to debate the accounting .
My favored policy is free trade in professional services , so that doctors , lawyers , accountants and economists can enjoy international competition in the same way as autoworkers , textile workers and dishwashers , see chapter 1 of The Conservative Nanny State . )
(5) Ricardo probably would consider our trade policies insane
Roy J. Ruffin ’s article in History of Political Economy ( Winter 2002 ) is highlights the re-thinking of free trade theory : “ David Ricardo ’s Discovery of Comparative Advantage “ .
These observations are Ricardo ’s “ home runs . ” Ricardo emphasized the “ four magic numbers ” as well as stating that because Portugal has an absolute advantage in the production of both cloth and wine : “ it would undoubtedly be advantageous to the capitalists of England , and to the consumers of both countries , that under such circumstances , the wine and the cloth should both be made in Portugal , and therefore that the capital and labour of England employed in making cloth , should be removed to Portugal for that purpose . ”
( Ricardo , I , p. 136 ) Accordingly , Ricardo realized it was necessary to suppose factor immobility between countries .
Indeed , of the 973 words Ricardo devoted to explaining the law of comparative advantage , 485 emphasized the importance of factor immobility !
Here ’s a link to Ricardo ’s discussion of mobile / immobile factors of production .
Discussions of “ free trade ” usually cite Ricardo — but ignore his specific statement that this assumes the major factors of production are immobile .
They were immobile when in 1817 , but today communication and cheap transportation have made land the only immobile factor — and land matters not at all .
(6) Mockery of obsolete orthodoxy , an effective tool to encourage thought
It ’s not just right - wing nationalists , like Patrick Buchanan , questioning free trade .
Here are comments from the site of Brad DeLong ( Prof Economics , Berkeley ) .
His readers tend to tilt leftward but remain conventional with respect to economic policies .
But trend over past few years is clearly against “ free trade . ”
The right in America has always been suspicious of free trade ; labor unions and domestic manufacturers have been opposed .
With the left turning against it , the only interest group remaining in favor are exporters .
By Ponzi Q. Globalization , 22 February 2007 , link — about Blinder ’s recommendations :
“ {T}his is what happens when a super smart man honestly analyzes and concludes that the following of his beliefs will lead to horrors but just ca n’t let go .
Many economists must be starting to feel like the Communists felt when it became clear that it just was n’t working out like they thought it would .
By Ponzi Q. Globalization , 27 February 2007 , link :
Why the conflict , dudes ?
You guys seem stuck in some zero sum downer .
You have to realize that there ’s no problem .
Everybody wins with Free Trade !
The Chinese will get all our boring old jobs researching , developing , and making stuff that people around the world need and want and Americans will do all the new and wonderful work that the Chinese will be too stupid to do .
See , the Chinese * AND * the Americans win !
It ’s like Brave New World where the Alphas ( Americans ) do the really really hard intellectual work and the Betas , Gammas , etc. ( non-Americans ) do the easier — but no less important — routine intellectual and manual work .
Thank heavens that geography is destiny when it comes to ability {& that knowledge cannot cross borders} , otherwise there would be a lot of unhappy Americans competing for work with people making a fraction of what it takes to get by in America .
The really cool thing is that it all is happening naturally , with no human intervention .
Just the inevitable workings of the natural unfettered market .
So there ’s really no point arguing whether it ’s good or not .
It just the way it is and the way it has to be .
By dissent , 29 March 2007 , link :
“ The free trade economists on globalization remind me of the hard core neo-cons on Iraq .
They are incapable of a critique of their own ideology , because they do n’t recognize it as such .
They think globalization is reality ( and truth and beauty and history ) .
So there are no choices but to more heavily commit ourselves to a policy that is proving to be a failure . ”
By Fred , 29 March 2007 , link :
“ Economists , like everybody else , have failed to predict the impact of the digital revolution .
What we have left is “ Faith ” in the free market .
You must admit that faith in God is more emotionally satisfying .
Indeed , insecurity may foster religiosity . ”
By Ponzi Q. Globalization , 29 March 2007 , link :
Blinder is an intelligent man and so he sees that the majority of Americans will be screwed by globalization .
He sees that globalization , technology , and differences in living standards have combined in a very ugly way .
Blinder realizes that with this ugly combination there ’s really no good reason to produce much of anything domestically .
Blinder is an orthodox member of the economics community and so he will not propose anything substantial to get us off the destructive globalizationized path we are currently on .
That is , he would rather let the majority of Americans suffer than enter a state of sin by proposing heterodox solutions .
Blinder and his ilk are not bad or stupid .
They just ca n’t think out of the box in which their orthodox training has imprisoned them .
(7) Other reports about free trade and globalization
(8) For more information
If you liked this post , like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
See all posts about Obama , his administration & policies , and these posts describing how the world is changing :
“… I am not handsome ,
but when women hear me play ,
they come crawling to my feet .. ”
Niccolo Paganini
Niccolo ( Nicolas ) Paganini was a famous Italian violinist and composer of the 19th century .
He was one of the most admirable virtuosi of his times , and still he remains among the most influential musicians ever , with absolute musical abilities and talent in composition .
Besides , he is considered to be a revolutionist in the art of playing violin due to his innovative approaches to performing , unique uses of harmony and such techniques , as staccato and pizzicato .
Niccolo Paganini was born on October 27 , 1782 , in Genoa ( though some sources inform that he was born on February 18 , 1784 ) .
He was one of six children of Antonio and Teresa Paganini .
Father of future violin genius , a former dock - worker and a keen amateur performer on the mandolin , was a very despotic and authoritarian parent .
He was raising his children in cruelty and severity .
At the same time , Niccolo was a weak and sickly child , who suffered a lot from various complications with health after an attack of a hard measles in very early age .
When he was five , Niccolo started receiving musical lessons from his father : firstly on the mandolin and , later on , on the violin .
Antonio used to force his son to practice hours and hours , giving him practically no time to rest or relax and punishing little boy ruthlessly for every little mistake .
Therefore , very soon Niccolo ’s native abilities for playing supported by this forced practicing started giving fruits .
Young Paganini was improving his playing every day , and in 1791 , at the age of nine , he was accepted to local theater orchestra of Giovanni Servetta .
He continued his lessons under the guidance of Francesco Gnecco ( harmony ) and Giacomo Costa , maestro di cappella of the Cathedral of San Lorenzo .
His first public performance took place in May 1794 in the Church delle Vigne di San Filippo , where he played the Concerto of Pleyel .
It was followed by a number of concerts in churches of Genoa , and the success of young performer was phenomenal .
By that time Niccolo has already started doing his first experiments in composing and completed his first sonata for violin .
In 1795 , for the money he collected from the concerts , Niccolo was sent to Parma in order to ask for lessons from a famous violin specialist , Alessandro Rolla .
After listening to inspired performance of young Paganini , Rolla was overwhelmed and refused giving lessons to Niccolo , saying that there was nothing to teach him .
He referred Niccolo to other known Italian composers , Paer and Gasparo Ghiretti , who were also , in turn , enchanted with Paganini ’s colossal talent and could not offer him some serious material to be mastered .
Having received freedom from father ’s cruelty and control , Niccolo was not in hurry to return home .
He spent about a year , traveling around northern Italy and giving concerts in such cities as Milan , Bologna , Leghorn , Florence , Pisa and others , leaving everywhere hundreds of spectators truly impressed with his divine performance .
It was perfect time for 15 - year old boy to be seduced out of the right way by own success and fame , and Paganini started looking for entertainment in drinking , spending money on women and especially gambling .
But , after being back to Genoa , Niccolo Paganini entered a period of the hardest work and most exhausting practices in his life .
Historians report , that he was usually playing ten - fifteen hours a day , combining his practices with composing , and rarely giving some private performances .
In addition , he was spending a lot of time and efforts to master and improve his playing guitar , as well as to achieve progress in composing for this instrument .
For about four years Niccolo together with his family has been moving around the Toscana , polishing his playing techniques during rare concerts and long days of rehearsals .
In 1805 Niccolo Paganini returned onto public stage and started a lasting tour around Europe , where he appeared in front of public with numerous brilliant performances .
For the years of practicing in seclusion , he prepared original conceptual shows for his audience , which included striking performance by memory , accompanied with theatric movements and elements of pyrotechnic , playing on one string , etc .
He visited many countries in Europe , and enormous success was waiting for him everywhere .
In free time he acted as music director and court violinist to Napoleon ’s sister Elisa Baciocchi , Princess of Lucca and Piombo .
Unhappy with being employed and having some responsibilities to Baciocchi , Paganini broke the agreement and became freelance soloist with tones of own compositions .
In 1813 he started an extensive tour around his own country , with an amazing debut in Milan .
He concertizes for a couple of years , achieving great triumphs , enhancing his technical abilities and leaving his rival - violinists , like Lafont and Lipinsky , far behind .
This tour made him a legendary violinist of national prominence , whose performance and techniques were truly unparalleled .
( to be continued )
World Bank : Global economy will shrink in 2009 for first time since WWII RAW STORY
Published : Sunday March 8 , 2009
Print This Email This
The economic crisis may have started in the United States , but it has n't spared poorer countries around the world .
In a report released Sunday , the World Bank predicted that the global economy would shrink in 2009 for the first time since World War II .
The assessment of what 's in store for this year is more pessimistic than what most private forecasters have predicted .
Although the bank did not provide a specific estimate of the size of the downturn , bank officials said its its economists would be publishing one in the next several weeks , the New York Times reported .
Developing countries face a financial shortfall of $ 270 to 700 billion this year , the World Bank found , warning that international institutions alone cannot fill the gap .
The shortfall comes " as private sector creditors shun emerging markets , and only one quarter of the most vulnerable countries have the resources to prevent a rise in poverty , " the Bank said in statement .
Published ahead of meetings for ministers of the G20 developing and industrialized nations to be held in London March 13 and 14 , the study found that " international financial institutions cannot by themselves currently cover the shortfall " for the 129 developing countries .
" We need to react in real time to a growing crisis that is hurting people in developing countries , " said World Bank Group president Robert Zoellick .
" This global crisis needs a global solution and preventing an economic catastrophe in developing countries is important for global efforts to overcome this crisis . "
Zoellick , who in February called for a fund to which each developed country would contribute 0.7 percent of its stimulus package to help poorer countries , urged more investment in safety nets , infrastructure , and small and medium - sized companies .
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
I ‘ve just published the first definitive list of the 779 prisoners held in the U.S. prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , which is available in four parts .
Click on the following links for Part 1 , Part 2 , Part 3 , and Part 4 .
The list is the result of three years ’ research and writing about Guantánamo , which began with my book The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( Pluto Press ) and has continued with regular reports about Guantánamo , many of which were published on Antiwar.com .
The list provides details of the 533 prisoners who have been released , and includes , for the first time ever , accurate dates for their release .
It also provides details of the 241 prisoners who are still held , including the 59 prisoners who have been cleared for release .
Although some stories are still unknown , the stories of nearly 700 prisoners are referenced either by links to my archive of articles about Guantánamo , or to the chapters in The Guantánamo Files where they can be found .
It is my hope that this project will provide an invaluable research tool for those seeking to understand how it came to pass that the government of the United States turned its back on domestic and international law , establishing torture as official U.S. policy , and holding men without charge or trial neither as prisoners of war , protected by the Geneva Conventions , nor as criminal suspects to be put forward for trial in a federal court , but as " illegal enemy combatants . "
I also hope that it provides a compelling explanation of how that same government , under the leadership of George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , and Donald Rumsfeld , established a prison in which the overwhelming majority of those held  at least 93 percent of the 779 men and boys imprisoned in total  were either completely innocent people , seized as a result of dubious intelligence or sold for bounty payments , or Taliban foot soldiers , recruited to fight an inter-Muslim civil war that began long before the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and that had nothing to do with al - Qaeda , Osama bin Laden , or international terrorism .
Scrooge and Bob Cratchit , from A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens , illustrated by John Leech in 1843
As in earlier deflationary bear periods , the stock markets react with sporadic rallies every once in a while .
Unlike the reformed Scrooge , who shared his good spirits and bounty with those around him , our markets 's good spirits are more than a bit premature .
The last two days have brought lots of bad economic and financial news .
Some people will this as a contrary indicator of a market rally to come , but when you consider the depth of the debt load to be worked off in the US , however , I think that the negative news is just one more step in a long and bumpy downward slope .
The headlines reveal deep underlying problems that will take some time to work out .
It seems very unlikely that the downward spiral will end soon .
Consumers continue to be crushed by high debt and unemployment .
For the month of January , US credit card delinquencies hit a record high , payments at least 60 days late rose almost half a percentage point last month to a record 3.75 per cent , and credit card lenders wrote off loans to delinquent borrowers at nearly record levels .
It is highly likely that US consumers will be pinched harder in coming months as unemployment continues to increase .
First - time claims for state unemployment insurance rose to 626,000 during the last week in January , which was the highest since October 1982 .
The number of people remaining on the jobless benefit rolls hit a record high .
Economic output continues to decline .
U.S. factory orders fell for a record fifth straight month in December .
The Commerce Department announced that orders dropped by 3.9 percent during the month , an even bigger decline than the 3 percent that economists had predicted .
Not only is domestic demand falling , but exports are falling due to the worldwide downturn .
Stock markets are declining overseas , and the risk of further declines is high .
Nouriel Roubini predicted that Russian and eastern European equities may fall further because earnings and other fundamental measures mean little in the current economic turmoil .
Russia 's RTS index fell 72 percent and the NTX index of central and east European stocks fell 57 percent in 2008 .
However , during an interview in Moscow , Roubini warned that “ In market dynamics , prices can move far below what fundamentals justify . ”
He also warned : “ There is still a massive downside for equities in the region .
” The bad news from Britain continues .
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research forecasts that the sharpest plunge in consumer spending since the Second World War will drive Britain this year into its deepest economic slump since World War II .
Consumer spending this year is set to plummet by 3.8 per cent .
This is twice the previous record annual drop of 1.6 per cent in 1991 , and is in contrast to an average increase of 3.5 percent annually over the past decade .
President Obama has attached a great deal of urgency to the economic stimulus legislation that is working through Congress , which seems fitting at a time when the economic downturn is assuming threatening proportions and the news worsens daily .
Speaking out in reaction to the Republican opposition that threatens to stall the bill , the President warned that failure to act quickly " will turn crisis into a catastrophe and guarantee a longer recession . "
Not everyone agrees that a stimulus will reduce the severity of the downturn , but the economic situation is indeed getting bad .
The Collapse Continues
News like this will continue for some months to come .
The direction of the markets is probably down too .
Poster for the " War of Wealth " by Charles Turner Dazey , a play inspired by the Panic of 1893 , opened February 10 , 1896 .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration stopped calling Guantanamo inmates “ enemy combatants ” on Friday and incorporated international law as its basis for holding the prisoners while it works to close the facility .
A guard tower is pictured at the Camp Delta detention center for terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , July 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Randall Mikkelsen
The U.S. Justice Department filed court papers outlining a further legal and linguistic shift from the anti-terrorism policies of Republican President George W. Bush , which drew worldwide condemnation as violations of human rights and international law .
“ As we work toward developing a new policy to govern detainees , it is essential that we operate in a manner that strengthens our national security , is consistent with our values , and is governed by law , ” U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement .
Some human rights advocates said the shift by the new Democratic president did not go far enough in dealing with hundreds of suspected Islamist militants held , most for years without trial , at a U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
“ The government may have eliminated the term enemy combatant but it is still claiming the authority to detain people far beyond the traditional norms of humanitarian law , ” said attorney Devon Chaffee of the group Human Rights First .
The term “ enemy combatant ” was adopted by Bush after the September 11 attacks in 2001 to refer to prisoners held under military orders he issued to launch the war on terrorism .
The wording became emblematic of his policies , along with razor wire and orange jumpsuits .
The policies were subject to numerous legal battles and Supreme Court rulings that rebuked Bush ’s administration .
RETURN TO GENEVA CONVENTIONS
The filing on Friday , in the cases of some 200 Guantanamo inmates seeking a court review of their detention , explains the standards of President Barack Obama ’s administration for holding terrorism suspects without court review .
It said those at Guantanamo will no longer be held on the exclusive basis of the president ’s authority as commander in chief .
Bush , who sought to expand presidential powers during his eight years in office , had asserted his war powers were enough legal reason for holding prisoners .
Bush officials also said they were not legally subject to the Geneva Conventions on prisoner treatment -- a view the Supreme Court rejected .
The legal structure for holding the Guantanamo prisoners will now be based on laws passed by Congress and , by extension , international law including the Geneva conventions , the Justice Department said .
In addition , it said only those who provided “ substantial ” support to al Qaeda , the Taliban or similar groups -- or who were “ part ” of those groups -- would be considered candidates for detention .
It cited Obama ’s project to review the entire detention policy , as part of a plan to close the Guantanamo prison , and said further refinements of the standards were possible .
The Obama administration has said some of the Guantanamo detainees , now numbering about 240 , will be freed while others will be put on trial .
A third category involves some prisoners deemed too dangerous to be released .
Major human rights groups said the policies will still allow the United States to detain prisoners seized far from a battlefield and that key definitions were left out , such as what constitutes “ substantial ” support for a militant group .
“ In key elements they are a continuation of the Bush administration , ” said attorney Hina Shamsi of the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ This is really a case of old wine in new bottles , ” said the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York , which represents a number of Guantanamo prisoners .
Holder had signaled at a Justice Department ceremony that much of his work would consist of scrapping Bush administration legal policy .
“ There is an awful lot of work that we have to do , ” Holder said .
“ There are things , quite frankly , that we have to reverse , policy changes that we have to make . ”
This is how Robin Grossinger , a scientist at the San Francisco Estuary Institute , does field work :
He drives around town with a stack of 150 - year - old sepia - toned photos from local history books , looking for any landmark - a creek , a 200 - year - old oak tree - that might be a match .
When he finds one , he swerves his car to the side of the road , races through mud when it 's muddy and rain when it 's rainy and parking lots when it 's necessary to document the evidence with a digital camera , and then races back to the car to drive off before someone starts to wonder what he 's doing photographing their strip mall .
" This , " he said on a recent field trip , as he pulled the car in next to a massive valley oak , preparatory to the running - photographing - fleeing bit , " is where it gets fun . "
Grossinger is a historical ecologist , merging history and ecology to figure out the environments of our great , and great - great - great grandparents .
When he compares those landscapes with the present , he turns up surprise after surprise - streams that were n't streams , wetlands where there used to be beaches , thick groves of trees where there used to be plains and plains where there used to be thick groves of trees .
A lot of ecology that was around two centuries ago has been forgotten .
Grossinger surveys Bay Area landscapes you think you know , and then tells you what they looked like 200 years ago - what early explorers said about them , how early cartographers drew them and , most importantly , what elements from that early picture could be brought back .
Even as he talks , though , Grossinger is not down on urbanization .
His projects tend to suggest ways that nature can be realistically reintegrated with the modern landscape , rather than waxing nostalgic .
" It seems like historical ecology is sort of a sentimental exercise , but it 's really about understanding the contemporary landscape , " Grossinger said .
" The landscape you kind of inherit and do n't really have the tools to decipher . "
Grossinger has led the Estuary Institute 's historical ecology program for the past decade , and in that time he has seen the field grow from a curiosity to an imperative before restoration .
Bay Area agencies consult him before beginning large projects , and Grossinger and his team have worked all over the Bay Area .
Their most recent major report explores the landscape south of San Jose , as a project for the Santa Clara Valley Water District and the Nature Conservancy .
Released last summer , the report found plenty of surprises , the most significant of those having to do with valley oaks .
Grossinger 's colleague Alison Whipple , an environmental analyst , started by counting all the valley oaks in the study area - roughly the area along Highway 101 from Morgan Hill to Gilroy - using a 1939 aerial photo and a 2005 aerial photo .
She found a decline from 1,976 trees in 1939 to about 1,000 trees in 2005 .
Because the lone oak on rolling savannah is pretty much archetypal California , and since most of the Santa Clara Valley 's development came with Silicon Valley 's growth , it seemed as if one could extrapolate back further to maybe , say , a few thousand trees in the 1800s .
But that would be very , very wrong .
As they were working , Grossinger and Whipple found a few photographs from the late 1800s with dense oak forests and some explorers ' accounts that mentioned thick , shady woodland .
They decided to do more detective work .
This led , late last winter , to one of Grossinger 's field trips to find and photograph remnant oak trees ( this was an exciting but infrequent event ; as with any scientist , most of his job involves office work ) .
As he prepared to head out , Grossinger walked through his marsh - front Oakland office where a huge pile of maps sat splayed on a 10 - foot - by - 10 - foot table .
On top of the pile was a half - empty box of mint - chocolate cookies , at the bottom was the 6 - foot - square 1939 aerial survey of south Santa Clara County .
In between were maps and photos of every dimension , style and date : recent detail maps , historical photos , a California atlas , an " Images of America " local history book , and a printed marsh plan with " georectify ? " scrawled across it in blue marker .
Grossinger pulled the huge 1939 aerial map out from under the pile and traced the route he'd take on his oak - hunting expedition through the South Bay .
Whipple sat at her computer nearby , labeling oak trees on an older map , and she had a surprise for Grossinger .
They 'd both started to suspect that they were going to find evidence of higher tree density in the past , but Grossinger had n't heard an actual number .
Whipple , who was finishing the report , told Grossinger that she had an estimate : Something like 50,000 trees .
Grossinger 's eyes widened .
" Fifty thousand , " he said .
" Wow . "
In fact , in the finished report , the number went to 60,000 .
Surprises are Grossinger 's job , and the oak tree result - which they 've also spun into a research paper with UC Santa Barbara oak ecologist Frank Davis - was a good one .
But it 's got competition :
In his time on the job , Grossinger has compiled an impressive list .
The central bay shoreline of a few hundred years ago was made up of lagoons and long , curling white - sand beaches , where native Californians picked strawberries out of sand dunes .
The creeks that flow through the South Bay were mostly engineered by people in the last 100 years , and historically fanned out underground to create swampy wetlands .
Less than 200 years ago , there were so many octopuses overflowing the bay 's tide pools that settlers would walk around grabbing them for dinner .
" Each generation kind of loses the knowledge of what this place was like , and we find ourselves 200 years later with very little knowledge of what was there , " Grossinger said .
" So very basic things like octopuses in tide pools catch us by surprise . "
Walk into the office on any day and you 're likely to find something interesting about the Bay Area 's past .
A few weeks ago it was wetlands near the summit of Mount Diablo , found on a map from the 1880s that Grossinger 's colleague Ruth Askevold , a geographic information systems analyst , had matched on her computer .
" The cool thing of the day , " Grossinger called it , standing at Askevold 's double - monitor workstation and watching as she flipped back and forth between a map from 1880 and aerial photos from 1939 and 2005 .
" Knowing where wetlands are could be useful , " Grossinger said .
" You could bring back red - legged frog or tiger salamander habitat .
That usually means creating artificial ponds , but if you could do that where there used to be a wetland , that 's even better . "
That 's the main point of historical ecology :
To give restoration planners a better idea of what they might try to bring back and what might succeed .
Like the oak trees :
You do n't need to return to undeveloped land to bring back oak trees .
You just need to plant the right kind of trees in suburban yards and street medians - the kind of thing that cities would n't know to do without the historical context .
And then , they suspect , if the oak trees make a comeback , so would a lot of the native species that once benefited from them - meaning that in this case , it would n't be just the past , but the future , that would be full of surprises .
Physicists have measured and controlled seemingly forbidden collisions between neutral strontium atoms — a class of antisocial atoms known as fermions that are not supposed to collide when in identical energy states .
The advance makes possible a significant boost in the accuracy of atomic clocks based on hundreds or thousands of neutral atoms .
Described in the April 17 issue of the journal Science , the research was performed at JILA , a joint institute of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) and the University of Colorado ( CU ) at Boulder .
" This is one of the most precise measurements of collisional effects in a clock , " says NIST / JILA Fellow Jun Ye , whose strontium atomic clock design enables scientists to " peek into very tiny effects . "
The new techniques make JILA 's strontium clock 50 percent more accurate than the results reported last year , so that it now would neither gain nor lose 1 second in more than 300 million years .
The method could also be applicable to many other atomic clocks based on neutral atoms .
Co-authors of the paper include scientists from nearby NIST - Boulder , who provided signals from a calcium atomic clock via fiber - optic cable to serve as the " ruler " for the JILA measurements , and a NIST theorist from the Joint Quantum Institute in Maryland who helped explain why the collisions occur .
JILA 's strontium clock is one of several next - generation atomic clocks under development around the world .
These experimental clocks are based on a variety of different atoms and designs , from single ions ( electrically charged atoms ) to thousands of neutral atoms ; it is not yet clear which design will emerge as the best and be chosen as the future international time standard .
advertisement
The latest JILA work helps eliminate a significant drawback to clock designs based on ensembles of neutral atoms .
The presence of many atoms increases both the precision and signal of a clock based on the oscillations between energy levels , or " ticks , " in those atoms .
However , uncontrolled interactions between atoms can perturb their internal energy states and shift the number of clock ticks per second , reducing overall accuracy .
Fermions , according to the rules of quantum physics , cannot occupy the same energy state and location in space at the same time .
Therefore , fermions , such as a collection of identical strontium atoms , are not supposed to collide .
However , as Ye and his research group improved the performance of their strontium clock over the past two years , they began to observe small shifts in the frequencies of the clock ticks due to atomic collisions .
The extreme precision of their clock unveiled in 2008 enabled the group to measure these minute interactions systematically , including the dynamic effect of the measurement process itself , and to significantly reduce the resulting uncertainties in clock operation .
" There 's a fundamental question here : Why do fermions actually collide ? "
Ye asks .
" Now we understand why there is a frequency shift , and we can zero the shift ... [ This result ] does not change theory .
The value is from the practical possibilities :
We can control multi-particle interactions . "
The JILA clock used in the latest experiments contains about 2,000 strontium atoms cooled to temperatures of a few microKelvin ( a few millionths of a degree above absolute zero ) and trapped in multiple levels of a crisscrossed pattern of light , known as an optical lattice .
The lattice is shaped like a tall stack of pancakes , or wells .
About 30 atoms are grouped together in each well , and these neighboring atoms sometimes collide .
Ye 's group discovered that two atoms located some distance apart in the same well are subjected to slight variations in the direction of the laser pulses used to boost the atoms from one energy level to another .
The non-uniform interaction with light excites the atoms unevenly .
Strontium atoms in different internal states are no longer completely identical , and become distinguishable enough to collide , if given a sufficient amount of time .
This differential effect can be suppressed by making the atoms even colder or increasing the trap depth .
The probability of atomic collisions depends on the extent of the variation in the excitation of the ensemble of atoms .
Significantly for clock operations , the JILA scientists determined that when the atoms are excited to about halfway between the ground state and the more energetic excited state , the collision - related shifts in the clock frequencies goes to zero .
This knowledge enables scientists to reduce or even eliminate the need for a significant correction in the clock output , thereby increasing accuracy .
The discoveries described in Science also would apply to clocks using atoms known as bosons , which , unlike fermions , can exist in the same place and energy state at the same time .
This category of clocks includes NIST - F1 , which is operated by NIST Boulder as the U.S. civilian time and frequency standard .
In the case of bosons , variations in light - matter interactions would reduce ( rather than increase ) the probability of collisions .
Beyond atomic clocks , the high precision of JILA 's strontium lattice experimental setup is expected to be useful in other applications requiring exquisite control of atoms , such as quantum computing — potentially ultra-powerful computers based on quantum physics — and simulations to improve understanding of other quantum phenomena such as superconductivity .
The research described in Science was supported by NIST , the National Science Foundation , the Office of Naval Research and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
A visiting professor at JILA from the Niels Bohr Institute in Denmark made important contributions helping to explain why the collisions occur .
Ye is also a professor adjoint of physics at CU .
Houston Congress members want millions for projects
Texas lawmakers rip budget , but seek millions
But although the libertarian - leaning Republican from Lake Jackson cast a vote against the massive spending measure , his fingerprints were on some of the earmarks that helped inflate its cost .
Paul played a role in obtaining 22 earmarks worth $ 96.1 million , which led the Houston congressional delegation , according to a Houston Chronicle analysis of more than 8,500 congressionally mandated projects inserted into the bill .
His earmarks included repair projects to the Galveston Seawall damaged by Hurricane Ike and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway .
Following Paul was Rep. John Culberson , R- Houston , who got earmarks worth $ 63.6 million .
But it was a bipartisan spending spree .
Just behind the GOP duo were Houston Democrats Al Green with $ 50.1 million in pet projects and Sheila Jackson Lee with $ 37.6 million .
Earmarks , said Rep. Ted Poe , R - Humble , “ allow lawmakers to have a say in how taxpayer dollars ( are ) spent . ”
His nine earmarks included $ 712,500 to mitigate airport noise at George Bush Intercontinental Airport .
“ It is in the best interest of the taxpayers , ” Poe said , “ to have their member of Congress secure funding for local projects than to leave it up to unaccountable and un-elected bureaucrats in Washington . ”
Culberson ’s spokeswoman , Megan Mitchell , said his answer for requests is always no “ unless the project is cost effective and serves a legitimate government purpose . ”
Culberson has worked hard to gain federal funding for flood control projects and other proposals that help his constituents .
His earmarks ranged from $ 13.8 million for the Houston Ship Channel to $ 95,000 for Houston Baptist University .
Paul , Green and Jackson Lee did not respond to requests for comment .
Last year ’s requests
The earmark spending binge , which will cost taxpayers at least $ 7.7 billion , may be the last of its kind .
President Barack Obama has promised to slash future earmarks but has indicated that he may accept the 8,570 contained in the current proposal because they were requested before he took office .
Indeed , the earmarks approved by the House last week were requested last year by members of Congress but were not approved until last week because of partisan gridlock in the closing months of the Bush administration .
That meant that even some ex-members of Congress , like former Rep. Nick Lampson , D - Stafford , had their earmarks in the bill .
Lampson , who lost his House seat in November , reaped eight earmarks worth at least $ 21.8 million , including $ 190,000 for facilities and equipment at the Texas Heart Institute at Texas Medical Center in Houston .
Lampson ’s successor , Rep. Pete Olson , R - Sugar Land , who arrived in Congress in early January , did not have earmarks in the package .
Hutchison ’s projects
In an era of hyperpartisanship on Capitol Hill , earmarks are one of the rare issues that unite Democrats and Republicans .
For example , Republican Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison teamed up with Republican Culberson and House Democrats Al Green , Gene Green and Jackson Lee to win a $ 15 million earmark for Houston Metro .
Hutchison , a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee , led Texans with at least 104 earmarks worth about $ 250 million for Texas projects in the House version of the legislation .
The Senate is slated to consider the package this week .
“ I would not be representing the best interests of Texas if I were to allow funding decisions allowing Texas projects to be made by those who may have never visited Texas and are unaccountable to the voters , ” she said .
‘ Into the daylight ’
Fellow Republican Sen. John Cornyn played a role in arranging at least 53 earmarks worth nearly $ 200 million , including money for Houston law enforcement interoperability , equipment for Head Start centers and the $ 15 million for Houston transit .
Cornyn said he would continue working to make sure that “ Texas ’ needs are met on the federal level ” as he and others press efforts “ to bring government spending out of the shadows of the Washington bureaucracy and into the daylight . ”
Only one lawmaker who represents Houston constituents avoided earmarks .
Rep. Michael McCaul , R- Austin , whose district stretches to northwest Harris County , said he did not seek any earmarks .
“ The system , ” he said , “ is susceptible to waste , fraud and abuse . ”
Contributing to this report was Hailey R. Branson .
stewart.powell@chron.com
richard.dunham@chron.com
Science will be protected in the recession , says Gordon Brown Prime Minister Gordon Brown has set targets to increase the number of pupils in secondary school in England taking science subjects .
In the next five years , Mr Brown wants to double the number of pupils taking " triple science " , which includes biology , chemistry and physics .
He also wants to have access to science as single subjects in 90 % of schools .
Mr Brown , speaking at Oxford University , says he wants to " ring - fence " science during the recession .
The prime minister emphasised the economic importance of protecting the investment in science .
Teacher training " Some say that now is not the time to invest , but the bottom line is that the downturn is no time to slow down our investment in science .
We will not allow science to become a victim of the recession , " said Mr Brown .
There were promises to help redundant workers re-train as teachers
There were also promises to offer " personalised support from education consultants " for graduates made redundant from science and technology companies who are considering re-training as maths or science teachers .
Mr Brown set out targets to increase the number of pupils taking the triple science option , at present taken by 8.5 % of students .
By 2014 , he said he wanted to double this figure , representing an extra 100,000 pupils .
There was also a target to increase the number of pupils taking A - level maths , from 56,000 to 80,000 in the next five years .
The Conservatives ' Schools Secretary , Michael Gove , rejected the promises .
" The government 's latest promises are completely meaningless given Labour 's appalling record on science .
" The reality is that thanks to their reforms the number of children taking only one science GCSE has doubled in the last year alone , and there are whole areas of the country where not a single child sits three sciences at GCSE . "
Specialist teachers Mike Harris of the Institute of Directors said there was an important economic need to provide specialist science and maths teachers in schools to help nurture the subject and to protect the supply of graduates in these fields .
" The uncomfortable reality is that despite reservoirs of good will , considerable industry engagement and positive government intervention , the number of graduates in the key Stem [ science , technology , engineering and maths ] disciplines has at best remained pretty flat in recent years .
This must be turned around , and quickly . "
There have been warnings about the difficulty in recruiting specialist science teachers .
Last summer , a report from the University of Buckingham found that almost one in four secondary schools in England no longer has any specialist physics teachers .
On the wider issues associated with the " knowledge economy " , Mr Brown stressed that he would maintain the increased momentum in expenditure he outlined as Chancellor in the 2004 , in his 10 - year Science and Innovation Investment Framework .
This should see public spend in the science base of the UK rise to £ 6.3 bn by 2010 / 2011 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier today , we reported that rental fleet sales had fallen by 500k units in the last 12 months .
Clever members of our Best and Brightest connected the dots , and wondered where that would leave the fleet queen herself , the New Chrysler Corporation .
“ Total sales were significantly affected by the industry ’s largest reductions in fleet sales , ” the official press release almost boasts .
“ 63 percent for December and 31 percent for the year . ”
Yes , well , the retail end of the business was n’t that much better ; tanking by a full 53 percent .
Needless to say Jim Press quickly sacrificed the last remaining shreds of his credibility to toe the company line and collect the company paycheck .
“ “ Last year Chrysler and all of our stakeholders persevered through extraordinarily difficult economic conditions , made the necessary adjustments and always kept our focus on serving our customers , ” said Jim Press , President and Vice Chairman , Chrysler LLC .
“ As a result , our Company and our dealer network start this year stronger and better positioned to succeed in today ’s marketplace . ”
Let ’s have a little look at where that might be …
The Chrysler brand itself– should such a thing exist in any meaningful sense of the word “ brand ” – dropped by 38 percent vs. last December .
Get this ( or do n’t as is more likely the case : the Crossfire was the least worst seller , shedding “ just ” 39 percent .
Of the vehicles they still make , the Town and Country holds that honor , sliding by a relatively healthy 43 percent .
You know , in comparison to the 300 and the Sebring , down 61 and 63 percent respectively .
Jeep - wise the Wrangler was as good as it gets , rolling downhill by 22 percent .
The TTAC award - winning ( Ten Worst ) Compass fell off the map ( - 63 percent ) , with the Liberty ( - 54 percent ) and Patriot ( - 48 percent ) following closely behind .
Good Lord , Dodge is a basket case .
ChryCo better hope it ’s the Journey that counts ( up 3822 to 4275 ) .
‘ Cause otherwise , well , ouch .
Save the discontinued Viper , everything else is just sitting there : Caliber ( - 67 % ) , Avenger ( - 75 % ) , Charger ( - 51 % ) , Caravan ( - 67 % ) , Magnum ( - 99 % ) , Nitro ( - 72 % ) and Sprinter ( - 31 % ) .
Bottom line : Chrysler would n’t have received a dime in federal loans if these numbers had come out a few days earlier .
Pat Robertson , on The 700 Club yesterday , got in on the collective right - wing teeth - gnashing over that Department of Homeland Security bulletin on the threat posed by right - wing extremists in America .
You know , the controversy that 's been demonstrated to be a lot of hot air -- not to mention a terribly revealing one about how mainstream right - wingers see themselves .
Not that such mere trifles would ever deter Pat Robertson .
His attack on the DHS yesterday , alongside his coanchor Terry Meeuwsen , featured an unending stream of flatly false information and mischaracterizations .
Plus , of course , the requisite gay - bashing and liberal bashing , all wrapped up in a neat little ball :
Robertson :
If that had been a Republican , there would be outrage and screams for Janet Napolitano to resign immediately .
That --
Terry , you 're somebody who favors life , wants to keep little babies alive .
Somebody who has been a veteran and served our country as a proud member of the military .
Somebody who is opposed to the left - wing policies of the administration and who wants to express his or her views as they are entitled to under our Constitution , these people are now being stigmatized as terrorists !
This is an outrage !
Ladies and gentlemen , I want you to do something about it .
If that does n't get you excited , I do n't know what would .
And I want you to call a number .
This is the Department of Homeland Security .
[ Reads number ] ...
And just say you protest .
This is an outrage !
And Janet Napolitano has got a lot of explaining to do .
And that lame excuse she was giving -- ' Oh , I 'm sorry they characterized all veterans that way ' -- I mean , come off it !
Meeuwsen :
The report was the report .
I mean , it is astonishing that it was allowed to leave under that -- Robertson :
It -- it shows somebody down in the bowels of that organization is either a convinced left - winger or somebody whose sexual orientation is somewhat in question .
But it 's that kind of thing , somebody who does n't think that we should have abortion on demand , is labeled a terrorist !
It 's outrageous !
Then , after a news segment that ended with a story about Somali pirates , Robertson gets back to his rant :
Robertson :
These people [ pirates ] are terrorists .
Al Qaeda is a terrorist organization .
The extreme Muslims are terrorists and they are being trained to destroy America .
So what does our Homeland Security Department come out with ?
They say , well , the real terrorists are people who are conservative , who are former veterans of the United States military , who believe in the sanctity of human life , and who do n't like the policies of the current administration .
These are the major threat to America .
Now , that in my opinion , is an outrage .
And I think if you do n't speak out against it , it 's going to be allowed to stand .
So I want to give you that number again .
Ring those phones up there in Washington , let them know people care .
[ Reads number ]
That you protest this -- ah , stigmatism of law - abiding Americans as being right - wing threats to America .
[ Repeats number ]
And if you jam up their lines , good for you !
While I could think of a few organizations whose lines it might be a good idea to jam , Homeland Security would not be one of them .
Hell , if Janet Napolitano and Obama were half the tyrants Pat Robertson makes them out to be , would n't they be charging him with an act of terrorism ?
I 'll have a lot more about the DHS bulletin and the wingnut furor around it later today .
[ A hat tip to Becky . ]
Perez Hilton Feuding With Lily Allen
Oh Boy !
One of our favorite gossip bloggers , is having a war of words with singer .
The exchange of bitter remarks started on the social network site Twitter .
Here 's the lo-down : Perez posted photos on his website of Lily dancing and said something to the effect that she resembling an " awkward cow " .
Not taking too kindly to the remark , Allen shot back saying , " I 'm sorry , we 've already cast the jealous and bitter lonely old queen role .
Next time eh ? "
Hilton shot back with , " Jealous of who ?
David Beckham , maybe .
And if I wanted to be a f**ed up Brit , I 'd rather be Amy Winehouse - whose ( sic ) got talent . "
Not one to back down , Perez kept it going with , " Congrats on your album doing well in America , though .
It 's REALLY HARD to sell copies when you discount it to $ 3.99 .
Desperate ! " Allen 's comment ?
" It 's also number one everywhere else in the world , douchebag .
Go away you little parasite ... God , you 're like so obsessed with me it 's embarrassing . "
More on the feud here .
Photos : WENN
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A police officer has been interviewed under caution on suspicion of manslaughter after a second post - mortem on a man who died during the G20 protests in London .
New tests suggest Ian Tomlinson , 47 , died of abdominal bleeding , not a heart attack , as first thought .
Mr Tomlinson was struck and pushed over by a police officer during protests on 1 April in the City .
Daniel Sandford reports .
Alaska abruptly resumed shooting wolves from helicopters this weekend in hopes that shooting the wolves will increase the population of caribou for hunters to kill .
The state plans to kill up to 328 wolves , sparing under 100 in the Yukon area .
[ social_buttons ]
Not everyone in Alaska is gung - ho about the plan .
The National Park Service has been collaring wolves for a two - decade - long study tracking predator - prey relationships , and now many of those wolves are bound to turn up dead .
“ They [ the state ] have a mandate to provide for maximum sustained yield .
They want to provide more moose and caribou for people to harvest , ” said Greg Dudgeon of the park service .
“ Our mandate is to manage and provide for healthy populations of wildlife .
So we do n’t place the value of a wolf over a caribou , or a caribou over a moose . ”
The state hopes to increase the caribou population from 40,000 to 100,000 .
Dudgeon said the goal is outrageous because the animals have n’t been that populous since the early 20th century .
Defenders of Wildlife , a wildlife conservation group that has vocally opposed aerial hunts , said they worry that the wolf population estimates are smaller than in reality , meaning it ’s possible that only a couple dozen wolves could survive the cull .
“ The Palin administration and the Board of Game are acting with complete disregard for scientific wildlife management , ” said Wade Willis , Defenders of Wildlife ’s Alaska representative .
“ It is unprecedented for such a wholesale slaughter to take place , especially when it is based on such shoddy science and when it includes wolves that have been collared by the National Park Service for scientific study . ”
The wolf hunt rings similar to the sea lion cull currently underway in Washington and Oregon .
The sea lions are being trapped and killed because they eat a small portion of endangered salmon and instead of cutting the commercial fishing salmon quota , the states decided to kill sea lions for the second year in a row .
Photo Credit : dobak on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Posted by Doomeru Woebashi at on Wednesday , March 4 , 2009
I ’ve hit a console gaming brick wall of late , so I ’ve turned to my trusty XP partition to do a little hardcore PC gaming .
I ’ve been spending time with some old favorites , System Shock 2 , Outcast , and Freespace 2 .
Running with the Open Freespace Project ’s enhancements FS2 looks awesome , but even without the extras this was always a great , polished game .
Given the chatter on reddit + destructoid lately , I figured it would n’t hurt to highlight my favorite part of the game ’s main campaign .
Apologies for the spoilers .
Frakkin ' Cylo - um , I mean Shivans !
The final mission of FS2 is a two - parter , where you and a few squads are working to escort a cap ship to jump node .
This takes some work but once done waves of new Shivan ships jump in and you are left to fight it out .
You discover a nearby star has gone supernova and the blast wave is heading your way .
If you make it back to the jump node you escape , if you do n’t you ’re fried .
Either way you get a cool ending that acknowledges your heroic efforts and alludes to a future , final conflict with the Shivans .
Now , lots of games have multiple endings , but what sets FS2 apart is that the way the game ends is performance - based .
As open - ended as Deus Ex was , seeing the different endings amounted to saving your game , choosing from a conversation tree , then loading and picking the other ones .
KOTOR did the same thing .
Throughout the FS2 campaign you can win missions without meeting all your goals and the plotline acknowledges it , so it is fitting that the finale works in this context .
Get out !
Get outta there !
I strongly encourage anyone who ’s at all interested in flight sims to check out Freespace 2 .
You can buy it from Good Old Games for $ 5.99 , grab a joystick , and install the enhancements .
Go to hard - light . net to find support and mods , including the entire Freespace 1 campaign .
After that , check out Beyond the Red Line , a Battlestar Galactica standalone total conversion .
Iran 's Cord Blood Bank says 2.5 billion dollars will be invested in the country 's stem cell research over the next five years .
Iranian scientists test treatments on mice for everything from heart disease to multiple sclerosis in state - run laboratories and private hospitals in Tehran .
The fund will be used for the development of such facilities in other Iranian cities .
" Stem cell research centers will soon be opened in all major cities , " said managing Director of Iran 's Cord Blood bank , Mortezah Zarabi .
Iran 's Cord Blood Bank
Iranian scientists developed human embryonic stem cell lines in 2003 , with the approval of Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei , the leader of Iran 's Islamic revolution .
Despite many western countries which impose restrictions on stem cell research , Iran , a premier in the realm of stem cell research , has some of the most liberal laws providing grounds for such studies .
Muslim clerics acknowledge that life begins three months after conception , granting scientists access to human embryonic stem cells left over from fertilization trials .
According to Mohammad Reza Mohammad Hassani , the general secretary of the 10th National Congress on Cardiovascular Updates , Iran 's achievements in this field have led to a successful stem cell heart transplant of an 11 - year - old boy in 2003 .
US President George W. Bush , over his two terms in office , has repeatedly stressed his opposition to research on the human embryonic cell lines and has vetoed funding for such studies several times .
US president - elect Barak Obama , on the other hand , has his pledged full support of stem cell research .
" I strongly support expanding research on stem cells .
I believe the restrictions that President Bush has placed on funding of human embryonic stem cell research have handcuffed our scientists and hindered our ability to compete with other nations . "
" As president , I will lift the current administration 's ban on federal funding of research on embryonic stem cell lines . "
Stem cell research is one of the most promising fields in modern biomedicine .
However , due to moral and ethical debates it remains a controversial issue in many regions of the world .
True or false ?
Your local grocer employs a scheming team of experts who work behind the scenes to orchestrate every little detail in a devious effort to squeeze every cent they can out of you .
It ’s true .
Even your favorite organic food stores are guilty of this .
So , how can you beat them at their own game ?
Here ’s what you need to know :
Baked Goods – Not So Fresh
Although there are exceptions , most of what you find in the bakery sections at grocery stores was frozen when it arrived .
Sure , the scene they set up can be quite convincing : employees in white chef hats working behind the counter with flour - coated hands .
But , if you think you ’re getting freshly baked goods , chances are you ’re mistaken .
Manipulative Placement
The most expensive items and those that are n’t general diet staples are typically placed at eye level because they ’re easier for you to reach .
Before you insist that such an obvious ploy is an insult to your intelligence , it ’s actually proven to be a pretty effective method .
Manipulative Placement , Jr.
This last tactic applies to children , as well .
Foods that are marketed towards younger age groups are usually found on lower shelves , where kids can easily reach out and grab them .
Impulse Buys
An average of 60 - 70 % of purchases are n’t on a shopper ’s original list , which are what the marketing department refers to as “ impulse buys ” .
Staple items commonly line the perimeters of stores , guiding consumers through aisle upon aisle of goods they do n’t need .
That includes those displays set up strategically at the ends of aisles .
There ’s a good reason why manufacturers pay top dollar for this placement .
Clever Packaging
Instead of raising prices , many manufacturers reduce the weight of items but do n’t change the packaging .
In fact , the only difference you ’ll notice is stamped in small print at the bottom .
Old Produce
Frozen fruits and vegetables usually contain more vitamins than what you find in the fresh produce section .
Why ?
Flash - freezing preserves the nutrients they contain as well .
Plus , they ’re not as expensive .
If you do buy produce , get it at farmers ’ markets or high - volume grocery stores where there is rapid turnover of products .
Smaller grocers that are less trafficked often have older produce , meat and dairy .
More Bulk = Less Cash
Remember when buying in bulk was a great way to save money ?
The sun has set on those good old days .
In many cases , economy - size products actually cost more per unit .
So , carry a calculator and do the math yourself .
Your grocer is n’t the only one trying to dupe you .
Manufacturers of the items you purchase have their hand in these decisions as well .
Food Safety
Food shopping can really work up an appetite , so , when you stroll by the salad bar , you may be tempted to indulge .
If your stomach starts growling , keep in mind that these foods are kept out in the open at unsafe temperatures .
And , that glass deli case does n’t provide much more protection , so curb your cravings for pre-made tuna and tapioca pudding .
Anybody want some salmonella or E. coli on the side ?
I did n’t think so .
Cheap Fillers
Sugar is added to a lot of products as filler simply because it ’s cheap .
If you think scanning the ingredients to see where it ranks is an accurate system , guess again .
To trick consumers , the manufacturers use different types ( sugar , corn syrup , high fructose corn syrup ) to disguise this fact .
So , even if the combination makes up a primary ingredient , they get bumped down on the list separately as a result .
The Fine Print
There are other ways manufacturers mislead consumers , and grocery stores are all too happy to let you be fooled .
For example , if you ’re looking for a product made with whole wheat , read the labels very carefully .
The only guarantee is if it says “ 100 % whole wheat ” .
If this phrase is preceded by the word “ contains ” , put it down and move on .
Store Brands
Are you wary of the quality of store brands ?
Do n’t be .
Many of the more expensive versions of these items are made by the same companies .
All you ’re paying for is the label .
Images : ralphbijker , jslander , lanuiop , RogueSun Media , jeffk , cheeseroc , mattieb , cbertel , Jacob Botter , danorth1 , How can I recycle this , Lisa Brewster
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration is expected to impose a cap of $ 500,000 for top executives at companies that receive large amounts of bailout money , according to people familiar with the plan .
Executives would also be prohibited from receiving any bonuses above their base pay , except for normal stock dividends .
President Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner plan to announce the executive compensation plan on Wednesday morning at the White House .
The new rules would be far tougher than any restrictions imposed during the Bush administration , and they could force executives to accept deep reductions in their current pay .
They come amid rising public fury about huge pay packages for executives at financial companies being propped up by federal tax dollars .
It is thought that the women were researching North Korean refugees
Two US reporters held in North Korea earlier this month will be tried for illegal entry and " hostile acts " , the country 's state - run news agency says .
The Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) said preparations were under way for indictments and a trial .
Euna Lee and Laura Ling were detained on 17 March on North Korea 's border with China .
The move comes amid growing tension in the region ahead of North Korea 's controversial satellite launch .
The North says the launch is part of its communications programme , but the US fears this is a cover for testing long - range missile technology .
The United States says it is pursuing all diplomatic means available to secure the release of the two American women .
Confusion " The illegal entry of US reporters into the DPRK ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) and their suspected hostile acts have been confirmed by evidence and their statements , " the KCNA said .
It said " a competent organ ..
. is carrying on its investigation and , at the same time , making a preparation for indicting them at a trial on the basis of the already confirmed suspicions " .
Euna Lee , a Korean - American , and Laura Ling , a Chinese - American , work for Current TV in California .
There is still some confusion as to exactly where the reporters were arrested .
South Korean television station YTN and unnamed diplomatic sources said that North Korean guards crossed the Tumen river into Chinese territory to arrest the journalists .
Pyongyang says the reporters crossed its border illegally .
Diplomacy " The United States continues to work on this matter through diplomatic channels , " an unnamed senior White House official told the AFP news agency .
" We have seen the brief North Korean press report ( on the trial ) , " the official is quoted as saying .
" We have no higher priority than the protection of American citizens abroad . "
The US state department said a Swedish envoy acting on behalf of Washington , which has no diplomatic relations with Pyongyang , had visited the journalists for the first time over the weekend .
" A representative of the Swedish embassy met with each one individually , " spokesman Gordon Duguid said .
He gave no further details of the women 's condition or where they were being held .
North Korea has in the past freed Americans it has detained but only after diplomatic intervention .
The Committee to Protect Journalists issued a statement expressing concern about the North 's action against the reporters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When you soak gummy bears in vodka , they absorb the alcohol and turn into yummy fruity Vodka Gummy Bears .
Since we first published this guide , we ’ve found a much quicker , simpler way to make this delicious treat .
How to make Vodka Gummy Bears
So you ’ve tried all the cocktails in 15 Candy Drinks that Taste Like Childhood Treats and now you want to make something even more spectacular .
Something where the alcohol and the candy are all in one .
The old method for making Vodka Gummy Bears took days .
You had to pour vodka into a bowl of bears , cover the bowl and put it in the refrigerator for days – up to a week .
This new method takes less than a day , and the gummy bears get much bigger .
It ’s so easy , and the bears come out a little more firm and less slimy , too .
This time , we decided to test the method on gummy bears , gummy worms and gummy cola bottles .
Because , why not ?
The more the merrier , right ?
Time to complete : 20 - 24 hours .
Your prep time is just 10 - 15 minutes to put the gummies in bowls .
The rest of that time is just letting them soak while you go do something fun .
You ’ll need :
I can vouch for the Haribo brand ( linked above ) because I ’ve never had them turn gooey or stay small .
They ’ve worked well with Svedka , Smirnoff and Absolut .
Albanese brand also seems to work well in most vodkas .
And you can buy all sorts of specialty flavored gummy bears from Albanese :
You do n’t need an expensive vodka – something mid-range is fine because you ’ll barely taste it anyway .
There ’s no reason to waste top shelf vodka on this project .
Note : a couple of commenters have reported trouble with “ cheap ” brands of vodka .
I can tell you for sure that Svedka and Smirnoff work , and you can usually get the big 1.75l bottles for around $ 20 .
These are the same brands I ’ve used for making Skittles Vodka and Jolly Rancher Vodka , and they have always worked well for me .
Step 1 : Put your gummies in bowls
I kept out a dry gummy of each type so I could compare their size to the ones that were soaking .
Note : the bowl in the lower right corner has rummy cola gummies , which ended up being so good that they got their own post .
Step 2 : Pour the vodka
Next , pour enough vodka into each bowl to cover the gummies well .
Step 3 : Wait patiently
At this point , you ’re done until the vodka has all been soaked up .
You can cover the bowls to keep the fruity smell from filling up the room , but you do not need to cover or refrigerate them .
I know , I know – in the earlier version of this tutorial , I said you did .
I told you to cover them well and leave them in the fridge for at least five days .
But it actually works much faster if you just let them sit out in a bowl .
After about four hours , I fished out a gummy of each type , and put them beside the dry one .
They were noticeably bigger , especially the worm , but I thought they could get bigger still .
I ended up letting them soak overnight .
The next morning when I got up , about 20 hours had passed since the beginning of the experiment , and I fished out another gummy for comparison .
You can see the difference for yourself .
First , the gummy bears – dry , at 4 hours in vodka , and at 20 hours in vodka .
And now the worms – again , dry , 4 hours and 20 hours .
See how much bigger they get after 20 hours ?
How to Serve Drunken Gummy Bears
Once these are done , they get slippery and a little bit slimy .
To serve , I recommend you spoon them out onto a flat dish or surface .
As you do so , you ’ll find some of them have gotten stuck together .
Just wedge your spoon gently in between them and they ’ll pop apart .
Offer guests spoons or appetizer forks to stab them .
Toothpicks can also work .
Here are the gummy bears , ready to serve :
And the gummy worms :
And here they all are together , served on a table .
There will be a little bit of “ juice ” left over at the bottom of the bowl you soaked them in .
This can easily be soaked up with a marshmallow or a piece of cake .
I keep getting some questions about these gummy vodka concoctions , so here goes .
How do they taste ?
These taste just like the candies , except with a little of that vodka burn .
The vodka really does n’t do anything to alter the flavor .
What ’s the alcohol content ?
There ’s been a lot of speculation about how much ( or little ) vodka is in Vodka Gummy Bears , so I weighed them dry and post - soaking .
This wo n’t be exact , but it should be somewhat useful .
Dry , the bears weigh 2 grams and the worms weigh 5 grams .
Soaked , the bears gained 2 grams of alcohol and the worms took on 3 grams .
Other gummies you use may vary .
In ounces , this means that each bear contains about 0.071 ounces of vodka and each worm contains 0.106 ounces .
So to equal a standard drink ( 1 1/2 ounces ) , you need about 21 bears or about 14 worms .
Again , that ’s not exact .
And different brands will probably vary .
But I think it ’s safe to say these do n’t hold some shocking amount of alcohol per gummy .
Still … did you ever eat 21 gummy bears at a sitting ?
It ’s not that hard to do .
So keep that in mind as you enjoy .
Troubleshooting
Some readers have reported their bears turning to mush .
We ’re not sure why this happens .
I originally thought it might have to do with the brands of bears and vodka used , but some people have had trouble despite using the exact brands I used here .
If we ever find a solution that always works , I ’ll add it here .
In the meantime , if you do get mushy bears , reader Mandy Lee has a great solution :
“ Shake well if this has happened , strain gummies out ( screen coffee filter works very well ) .
Pour liquid into bowl or jello shot cups , chill .
I made very strong jello shots that way . ”
This is a great way to turn a bar fail into something delicious that seems like it was on purpose .
Evaporation ?
Will the alcohol evaporate if you use this method , leaving the bears weak on alcohol ?
Short answer : no , not really .
Longer answer : the amount of evaporation that takes place over less than 24 hours is negligible .
And by that time , the alcohol has soaked into the bears where it ’s trapped until you eat them .
Sacha Baron Cohen is a fraud , says senior Republican tricked into bedroom for gay seduction scene with Bruno
After the huge success of Sacha Baron Cohen 's films Ali G In Da House and Borat : Cultural Learnings Of America For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan , you 'd think people would have wised up to the comedian 's disguises .
But it appears not everyone recognises the comedian when he 's dressed up as his third alter - ego , gay Austrian fashion reporter Bruno .
Texas congressman Ron Paul , who was a Republican candidate for the 2008 presidential election , was left fuming after he was unwittingly tricked into a hotel room with Cohen 's Bruno character .
How do I look ?
Sacha Baron Cohen attempts to strike a seductive pose as Bruno
The right - wing politician was tricked into being a target of seduction by Bruno last summer by posing as an economic reporter .
Unhappy : Ron Paul fled a hotel room when Sacha Baron Cohen started undressing
After Paul briefly appeared in the trailer for Cohen 's forthcoming film Bruno : Delicious Journeys Through America For The Purpose Of Making Heterosexual Male , he realised he would have to explain himself to voters .
Speaking on America 's ABC radio this week , angry Paul condemned Cohen for lying and accused him of ' fraud ' .
During an interview with presenter Curtis Sliwa , Paul was asked how he ended up in a hotel room in such a compromising situation .
He said : ' We were in a studio situation , I was n't invited into a hotel room .
There were lots of lights and blaze and commotion and they said we better get in this back room which had been fixed up as a bedroom .
' So there was some dishonesty getting me into the interview , I was expecting an interview on Austrian economics .
That did n't turn out that way .
' By the time he ( Cohen ) started pulling his pants down , I was like what on earth is going on here and I ran out of the room .
This interview had ended .'
In what is sure to be hilarious viewing in the upcoming film , Paul is stunned when Bruno starts to disrobe in front of him .
Wild thing : Bruno has a penchant for hotpants and PVC
Paul said : ' I do n't like the way he lies his way into interviews .
That to me is fraud .
' He has raunchy material people buy into it 's sort of sad that it 's a reflection of our culture .
It 's a real shame people are gonna reward him with millions and millions of dollars for being so crass . '
Cohen , who also wrote and produced the movie , was forced to re-edit the movie after American censors gave it a NC - 17 rating , which meant under 17s would have been banned from seeing the film .
After the Borat move took an amazing $ 261 million in takings three years ago , Cohen wants the Bruno film to have the same potential audience .
This interview is OVER : Paul storms out of the room after Bruno starts to disrobe
Cohen and director Larry Charles have now toned down some of the more sexual scenes , prompting the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) to reclassify it with an R rating , which means under 17s can see it with a parent or guardian .
The comedian filmed Bruno in America and Europe over last summer .
In September , his Bruno character caused chaos at Milan Fashion Week when he jumped on to the catwalk of the Agata Luiz della Prada show .
Cohen also pokes fun at Madonna 's adoption of Malawi toddler David Banda when he collects an African baby out of luggage at an airport .
Just like Madonna 's appearance on U.S. chat shows following her controversial adoption of David - whose biological father is still alive , Bruno appears on TV to defend his adoption of the baby .
Bianca who ?
Cohen apes Bianca Jagger 's famous horseride at Studio 54
He says : ' Angelina 's got one , Madonna 's got one , now Bruno 's got one .
' I gave him a traditional African name - OJ . '
Bruno was first seen alongside another famous Cohen creation , Ali G , on The Ali G Show .
The movie is being shot in the same documentary style as 2006's smash hit Borat : Cultural Learnings Of America For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan .
• Bruno : Delicious Journeys Through America For The Purpose Of Making Heterosexual
Male is set for release in the UK on November 2 .
A woman shot her husband and then hacked off his legs , arms , head and hands and stored them in a freezer before disposing of them at various locations around NSW , a court heard today .
Joyce Mary Chant , 57 , denies murdering her husband , Robert Wayne Chant , 47 , but admitted to hacking off his limbs in 1992 .
She has pleaded guilty to improperly interfering with human remains .
The Crown prosecutor , Mark Hobart , SC , told the jury Chant shot her husband before dismembering his body .
" She cut off the legs and the arms and the hands and the head , " Mr Hobart said .
There may still be 36 hours to go until the audience at this year 's Golden Globes gets to see famous people tearing open envelopes , clearing their throats and announcing that " the winner is ... "
But Anne Hathaway could be forgiven for starting her victory celebrations early .
The actress , who has been short - listed for her role as a recovering drug addict in the film Rachel Getting Married , has already been identified as the winner of the prestigious " best actress in a drama " gong , on the awards ceremony 's official website .
In what some saw as a computer glitch , and others believe to have been a major leak , a gold asterisk briefly appeared next to Hathaway 's name in the ceremony 's official running order .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Asterisks are not usually added until after the awards have taken place , when they signify the winner .
Although it was swiftly taken down , several bookmakers stopped taking bets on the outcome of the race .
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which runs the Golden Globes , did little to dampen speculation that a major cock - up had taken place , when it refused to comment on the incident , which took place at lunchtime on Thursday .
Members of the association , which is made up of roughly 80 journalists from around the world , were required to submit their completed ballot papers to the accountancy firm Ernst and Young by Wednesday , meaning that the winners of the awards were already known to some organisers when the website reported Hathaway 's " success " .
The incident added to the air of fevered anticipation in Hollywood in advance of the annual event , which is in its 66th year .
Although they offend some purists by honouring the stars of both film and television , the Globes are widely considered to be the second most prestigious event in the spring awards season , after next month 's Oscars .
Remarkably , British actors , directors and producers have an interest in 15 of the 25 categories to be announced during the event , which will be broadcast live from the Beverly Hilton hotel in Los Angeles .
Two British films are among the five competing for the sought - after " best drama " award : Danny Boyle 's Slumdog Millionaire and Frost / Nixon , which was made by Working Title , the London - based firm which rose to prominence during the 1990s as the producers of Four Weddings and a Funeral and Notting Hill .
Kate Winslet , who has never won either an Oscar or a Golden Globe , despite being nominated five times for each award , has a sporting chance of finally breaking her duck , since she is shortlisted twice : as best actress in a drama ( the category in which Hathaway 's " victory " was announced ) for her role in Revolutionary Road , and best supporting actress for The Reader .
Meanwhile Emma Thompson is shortlisted for best actress in a musical or comedy for Last Chance Harvey , while the Irish actors Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson are both shortlisted in the actors category for their role in the gangster comedy In Bruges .
The director Stephen Daldry joins Boyle on the shortlist in the " best director " category for The Reader , a film about a Nazi war criminal for which the writer David Hare has also been shortlisted .
Ralph Fiennes , who also co-stars in the film , has been shortlisted for his work on two other titles : the HBO TV drama Bernard and Doris , and the film The Duchess .
British stars are also in the running for 11 television awards .
Judi Dench and Eileen Atkins are both shortlisted for the BBC costume drama Cranford , while Hugh Laurie is up for best actor in a TV series for his portrayal of Dr Gregory House in House , a role that won him Golden Globes in 2006 and 2007 .
Steven Spielberg will be honoured with a special award , celebrating his " outstanding contribution to the entertainment field " .
Guy Adams : ' Slumdog Millionaire ' catches spirit of times
Today , with the global economy mired in doom and gloom , cinema audiences are turning to feel - good movies which , while not exactly critical triumphs , have managed to embody a sense of cheerful escapism from life 's troubles .
Nowhere is this more evident than the box - office charts , which are currently topped by Marley and Me , a flyweight comedy about a labrador , and Four Christmases , the Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn vehicle which critics deemed " eerily unfunny " .
Mamma Mia !
recently became one of the most lucrative films of all time , defying the credit crunch to make an astonishing $ 500 m ( £ 325 m ) worldwide , 10 times its budget .
Yet the film that truly embodies the spirit of the times may yet turn out to be one of Britain 's own : Slumdog Millionaire , the story of an impoverished Indian teenager who wins the local version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire ?
A critical hit ( unlike other feel - good fodder ) the film , by the Trainspotting auteur Danny Boyle , has already generated nearly $ 30 m in the US despite being on a limited release .
On Thursday , it completed a virtual clean sweep of the Critics ' Choice Awards and , tomorrow , it is shortlisted for four Golden Globes .
Local soothsayers note that the Critics '
Choice judges have successfully picked the winner of the best film Oscar in seven out of the past 10 years .
It may be asking too much for Slumdog , made on a shoestring budget of just $ 15 m , to outperform Mamma Mia ! , but if Boyle adds to his sackful of Globes tomorrow , it may at least indicate that his industry still knows a masterpiece when it sees it .
Computer hackers based in China built up a network of compromised computers in the offices of the Dalai Lama and many other national government offices and organisations around the world , Canadian computer security researchers have revealed .
The network , nicknamed GhostNet , included over 1295 computers belonging to the Tibetan Government in Exile , embassies belonging to countries including India , South Korea and Germany , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , and the Asian Development Bank .
The investigation was carried out by Information Warfare Monitor ( IWM ) – an organisation formed by Canadian think tank , the Secdev Group – and a laboratory at the Munk Centre for International Studies , University of Toronto .
Email lure
IWM hacked into the control servers running GhostNet , using information gleaned by University of Cambridge computer scientists Ross Anderson and Shishir Nagaraja , who last year cleaned up computers from the Dalai Lama ’s office that had been infected with malicious software , nicknamed malware .
Advertisement
IWM say it is unclear whether the attacks were carried out with the support of the Chinese government , or whether they were the work of isolated hackers .
The Chinese government has denied all involvement .
GhostNet is run from 10 servers , IWM says .
Most of them are in China – at Hainan , Guangdong , Jiangsu and Sichuan – while two others are in Hong Kong and the mainland United States .
The network uses a Trojan , a program that seems innocuous to the computer user but , when run , a hidden part of it causes harm or allows outside access to a machine .
In this case , emails were used to spread the Trojan – called gh0st RAT – either by sending the malware as an attachment or by using a web link to direct a person to a site where it was downloaded .
Targeted attacks
The emails seem to have been carefully crafted to maximise the chances of someone installing the Trojan .
For example , the Dalai Lama ’s office was infected after a member of staff opened an email that apparently came from the email address “ campaigns@freetibet.org ” and downloaded a Microsoft Word document that appeared to relate to Tibetan independence .
In recent years , security services have frequently blamed cyber attacks on other governments , although comprehensive proof of their being used in such a way has not been made public .
The Pentagon is now investing in greater cyber - defences for the US , while the UN recently added cyber weapons to the list of those considered by its body that advises on weapons of mass destruction .
As a sign of the shifting face of war , NATO last year opened its first “ cyber defence centre ” , dedicated to protecting its member nations from such attacks .
Read the full IWM report
My first view of the text of Kalichman ’s book came after the grapevine had reported its availability on - line at Scribd ( “ a social publishing site , where tens of millions of people share original writings and documents .
Scribd ’s vision is to liberate the written word ” ) :
“ Dear Henry ,
I just stumbled upon what appears to be Kalichman ’s entire book available online for free .
Do you have it yet ?
If not get it here : http://www.scribd.com/doc/11369143/Denying-Aids-Conspiracy-Theories-Pseudoscience-and-Human-Tragedy
I ’m only ending the Duesberg chapter , but ohee vey .
Since I ’ve read just about everything related to the controversy going back to 1987 , perhaps 300 times more than Kalichman , and I find myself recalling information he misses , ignores , or avoids , or does n’t know about in almost every paragraph .
And of course he ’s constantly scolding dissenters for denying the Emperor has clothes , but always avoids the core scientific issues by never referencing the proof that the Emperor has clothes .
Perhaps what is needed is to critique every page , paragraph by paragraph , in another book to highlight his …
I do n’t have the word to describe it yet .
I ’m speechless except I ’m not .
I ’m laughing except I ’m not .
. . .
It is truly amazing how even highly educated people ’s critical thinking skills can be so narrow and illogical …
I find myself asking if he is now the Rush Limbaugh of AIDS scientism ? . . .
Anyway , reading it is kinda crazy making though .
. . . what he seems to be doing is pathologizing dissent , like a flawed therapist that already has decided on a diagnosis based on influential hear - say before seeing the client , and is interpreting everything from the client in a way to validate the pre-determined inference while believing he is being impartial .
. . .
I almost ended by saying ‘ You ’re going to have fun with this one ’ , but based on my own feelings about it that ’s probably being much too glib . ”
[ The writer is formally credentialed in psychology ]
Someone else had suggested that I write a review of the book ; and before having seen the text , I had agreed to do so .
However , after the text became available at Scribd , the grapevine also informed me that I was the third most frequently castigated “ denialist ” in the book .
Scanning the text for mentions of my name confirmed that I and my writings are referred to frequently as well as incorrectly ( to put it mildly ) ; so conflict of interest makes it impossible for me to write a review .
Anyway , I would n’t know where to begin , for every page delivers raised eyebrows , groans , unbelieving chuckles or outright guffaws , aroused by mis-stated facts about HIV / AIDS , by displays of ignorance about science and much else , and by attributing to my book things that are simply not there .
Some of the statements are simply hilarious , for instance :
“ Scientists are by their nature and training systematic and objective ” ( p. 112 ) .
That semantic puerilism is what one might expect to find — perhaps ! — in an easy reader for children in primary school who are being slowly eased into the more sophisticated understanding for which they are not yet quite ready .
Certainly one would n’t encounter it in any article or book in philosophy of science , sociology of science , history of science , psychology of science , or the like .
It ’s not the sort of thing one would hear , either , from people who have had even cursory contact with real - life scientists .
So I doubt that it ’s necessary for almost anyone that I deconstruct this assertion — except , it seems , for the sake of Seth C Kalichman .
Could it really be so , that scientists are selected ( or self - selected ) from the mass of other human beings because they are genetically or by early upbringing ( “ by their nature ” ) destined to be systematic and objective ?
Are there scientists who would be able to explain just how the training they received through graduate school and post - doctoral stints was designed to make them ( even more ? ) systematic and objective ?
Beyond that , is there anyone who could explain how , or would suggest that , any human being can attain objectivity , whether by “ nature ” or by “ training ” ?
Surely only someone who knows nothing of human psychology or sociology or social psychology could venture such an assertion .
Or , surely only someone who knows nothing of science or of scientists or of human psychology or sociology could make such assertion .
Oops !
The author , it turns out , is a psychologist .
Seth C Kalichman is even a social psychologist , at the University of Connecticut !
What ’s more , Kalichman fancies himself to be a scientist :
“ Realizing that all AIDS scientists should take action . . . , I decided . . . .
Like nearly every AIDS scientist , . . . .
I often felt more like a journalist than a scientist ” ( xiv ) ; “ What is it about denialists that can push a scientist out of objectivity into a fit of rage .
In the Preface to this book I described my own emotional outrage . . . ( 113 ) ; “ For the part of the AIDS scientists , we must become better at communicating with people other than our fellow scientists ” ( 161 ) .
Evidently , Kalichman — admittedly , like so many of us — tends to judge others by what he knows about himself .
He evidently knows he ’s a scientist .
Apparently he also knows that he is by “ nature and training systematic and objective ” .
Therefore he assumes that all other scientists are also “ by their nature and training systematic and objective ” ( unless , of course , they happen to be “ AIDS denialists ” as well as scientists ) .
Cosa Verde is a new marketplace where green crafters can showcase their goods to eco-minded shoppers .
Liz Grotyohann and her fiance , Jeff Fein-Worton , launched Cosa Verde to focus on green crafters , and they ’re committed to “ not just walk the walk , but talk the talk . ”
They donate 10 % of their profits to charity and plant ten trees for every new shop that opens on the site .
Liz says that means they ’ve planted almost 1000 trees already !
Liz says she and Jeff think that small changes add up to a big difference :
We created cosa verde to help those small changes along .
We wanted to make it easy to find great green goods for your neo - hippie niece , your grandpa who does n’t believe in global - warming , and everyone in - between .
So that maybe , when we remember to value the products we buy for how they ’re manufactured , as well as for their style or uniqueness , some bigger changes will happen in the way that we think about consuming .
The site is juried , which means you apply for a store , and they take a peek at your wares to see that they ’re a fit for the site .
I know some folks are n’t fans of juried venues , but for something so specialized it makes perfect sense to me .
Rather than having to flag shops who violate the rules , why not just make sure everyone ’s playing by the rules from the get go ?
You can check out the awesome goods already up , or apply for a shop of your own at cosaverde.com .
Want to see what Liz is up to ?
Take a peek at her upcycled paper housewares !
Image Credits :
Handknitted Farmyard by Mama 4 Earth
Tea Cup Cozy by KnitStorm
Exciting Update !
Cosa Verde is now offering a promo code for Crafting a Green World readers !
Just enter the code “ CAGW ” when you register on the site , and get credit for a standard shop for 2 months .
Family - owned organic farm near Canandaigua tests techniques it can teach to others
Danny Wegman gives you a look at the 50 - acre Wegmans Organic Research Farm located near the shores of Canandaigua Lake .
Wegman has built a team of experts to research organic farming to share their findings with partner growers .
For Wegmans Food Markets Inc. , the green practices in its produce departments are incubating down on the farm .
The Wegmans farm .
This Wegman family farm sits on 50 acres with a panoramic view of Canandaigua Lake , near Canandaigua and within shouting distance of the lakeside homes of three members of the Wegmans family -- including Wegmans CEO Danny Wegman .
The farm sits astride property that would likely have been carved up for McMansions for other executives who make the commute to Rochester .
It was the accidental Wegmans farm -- and an accidental link in the chain of sustainable practices .
" We bought the property because we did n't want anyone to do anything with it , " said Wegman , dressed casually in blue jeans as he stood outside the doors of a modern , two - story barn on the property on a hot August day .
" We went to the zoning board because we wanted to put a storage building on the property .
They said we could only build it 15 feet tall .
We asked , ' Is there a way we could we build it bigger ? '
They said , ' Only if you have a farm . '
So we said , ' OoooK ... we 're going to have a wonderful farm . ' "
The land is now back to its circa - 1800s roots as farmland .
It 's home to the Wegmans Organic Research Farm , generating a few crops for two stores -- the Canandaigua Wegmans nine miles away and the Pittsford store 29 miles away -- and produce and eggs that land on the dinner plates of nearby residents whose last name is Wegman .
See , this farm has its emphasis on research -- learning best practices in organic farming so Wegmans can persuade some of its network supplier farms to go organic and meet a growing customer demand for organic products , said Wegman .
It grew into an organic research farm quite by accident .
Wegmans has been putting an ever - growing emphasis on natural and organic foods since 1994 .
Colleen Wegman , Danny 's daughter and now president of Wegmans Food Markets , developed the Nature 's Marketplace store - within - a - store concept that has grown as Wegmans has grown into 71 stores .
As shoppers nationwide grew increasingly more interested in natural and organic products following food scares , supermarket chains started adding more natural and organic products .
Organic products are the fastest - growing segment in Wegmans ' supermarkets produce departments , said Dave Corsi , vice president of produce and floral operations .
And as those numbers grew , supermarkets -- including Wegmans -- started placing the products throughout the stores , instead of departmentalizing them .
Wegmans , like other supermarket chains , uses networks of local farms -- Wegmans has 800 -- to put fresh seasonal produce in each store 's produce department .
But the network of local organic farms in Wegmans operating territory , from New York to Virginia , is quite a bit smaller than farms that use chemical sprays and are n't certified organic .
" We felt we should take a leap , " said Wegman .
" But we did n't know how we could ask our growers to go this way if we did n't do it ourselves . "
So they are .
The Wegmans organic farming lesson grew not just from a look at corporate sales , but from the hard determination of a Wegman - family housekeeper .
That housekeeper was Anne Grover , who grew up on a farm in Rushton , schooled by a father who believed in the self - sustaining cycles of nature .
She started doing housekeeping work for the Wegmans to help pay her daughter 's college tuition .
Grover would often bring to the Wegman family produce she had grown organically .
" When you eat only organics for six months , " said Grover .
" The next time you eat anything that is n't organic , you can taste the chemicals , I promise you .
You wo n't go back . "
In 2005 , Danny Wegman asked her to become the garden manager of the Wegman farm .
" I told Danny I had no formal education in gardening , " said Grover , standing by the kitchen inside the barn .
" I just did it all my life .
He said , ' That 's good enough for me . '
And here I am .
I have a great respect for the Earth .
I 'm just so glad we can be supplying this to the stores now . "
It takes two years without chemicals for farmland to be growing what can be certified as organic .
What 's growing on the Wegmans farm is just that ; it started growing organically in 2007 , two years after becoming Wegman property .
The company is experimenting with different products , including heirlooms , grown in small quantities as a test bed to see if the company wants large fields of the product .
Farm manager Steve Strub said some five acres of the 50 - acre farm are planted .
There are 20 acres of open field , growing naturally and designed to draw insects helpful to plants and deflect those that are harmful .
There are 25 wooded acres , a large retention pond , 15 beehives , 750,000 bees and natural meadow space for them .
There 's compost and chickens , 31 of them , some pets for the Wegman grandchildren , some producing eggs that will only go on the dinner plates of the Wegman family .
Otherwise , the chickens are there for weed and bug control .
While the produce from the Wegmans farm is landing in two Wegmans stores , it probably wo n't end up in Syracuse .
Standing near strawberry plants at the far climb to the top of the growing areas , Danny Wegman looks at the future of how organic products will end up in Central New York stores .
" Our goal is not to keep what we grow , here .
We 're not going to be a big producer , " said Wegman .
" As soon as we have something that works , we 'll give it to our suppliers .
Already , it 's helped us understand the plight of the farmers .
Organic farming is hard work .
It 's not for everyone .
That 's why we felt an obligation to learn about this . "
Staff writer Bob Niedt can be reached at bniedt@syracuse.com or 470-2264 .
The federal investigation into Bernard L. Madoff ’s $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme widened Wednesday with the arrest of an accountant who had audited Mr. Madoff ’s investment advisory business for more than a decade .
David G. Friehling , who operated from a tiny storefront office in the New York City suburb of New City in Rockland County , was charged with securities fraud and with aiding the investment adviser fraud committed by Mr. Madoff .
A related civil case was filed against him and his firm , Friehling & Horowitz , by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
But while the new cases shed some light on how Mr. Madoff covered up his fraud for so long , they do not clarify how long ago the fraud began .
Mr. Friehling , who surrendered at the federal courthouse in Manhattan on Wednesday morning and was released on bail in the afternoon , became Mr. Madoff ’s primary auditor in the early 1990s when his father - in - law and partner , Jeremy Horowitz , retired and he took over the two - man firm .
A new scientific review of the dangers of statin medications1 is the first official paper to shed light on what I have been saying for years .
It reviews 900 studies on the adverse effects of statins .
It shows beyond any doubt that statins are potent disrupters of normal energy production by cells – meaning that the drugs are anti-life .
It is technically not possible to have a drug that is anti-energy have any value in long term use .
Yet , the statin machine rolls on , killing and injuring countless Americans .
The study is the first to connect the mitochondrial statin dots , a revelation that proves beyond any doubt that statins are too dangerous to consume for almost anyone .
Serious side effects include loss of muscle function , cognitive loss , neuropathy , pancreatic and hepatic dysfunction , and sexual dysfunction .
These side effects are worse in people with genetic susceptibility , in combination with other drugs , or in the presence of other energy related problems such as thyroid disease .
Side effects are worse with age and the new data clearly demonstrates that the risks for any person over the age of 70 far outweigh the benefits – even for patients with heart disease .
This study lends futher support to my observation that 450,000 new cases of heart failure per year are likely due to widespread statin use in older Americans .
Of course , you have n’t seen this information on the front page of any Big Pharma sponsored media .
Editor 's Note : James Carville , a Democratic strategist who serves as a political contributor for CNN , was the Clinton - Gore campaign manager in 1992 and political adviser to President Clinton .
He is active in Democratic politics and a party fundraiser .
James Carville says the Republicans who oppose expanded jobless benefits are on a " march to folly . "
( CNN ) --
Over the course of history , governments , political regimes and leaders have done some stupid things despite all arguments to the contrary , at times even against their own self - interest .
Pulitzer Prize - winning author Barbara Tuchman ( best known for " The Guns of August " ) chronicled this in " The March of Folly , " examining the Trojan War , the provocation by the Renaissance Popes that led to the Protestant secession , the unnecessary loss of American colonies by Britain and the now well - documented United States loss in Vietnam .
Fast forward to 2009 .
The Republican Party has just suffered a bad but not unprecedented defeat .
The U.S. economy is in shambles .
And the patch of ground some leading figures in the GOP have chosen to occupy to rally back is to oppose expanded unemployment benefits in the middle of a recession .
They could have chosen a stronger national defense and terrorism policy , personal responsibility or even market - based health care reform .
Arguing that President Obama 's publicly - supported economic stimulus bill was full of wasteful spending ( Rush Limbaugh termed it " Porkulus " ) was not enough .
No , their cause in this time of crisis is to deny expanded unemployment benefits to tens of thousands of jobless workers by saying they would not accept added federal funding for them .
So my home state governor , creationism - toting Bobby Jindal , the newly - tapped spokesperson of the Rush Limbaugh - led Republican Party , and a handful of Southern governors , took their stand on expanded unemployment benefits which make up about 2 percent of the economic recovery package .
This , despite the fact that economists from all political ideologies concluded that extending the length of time that workers can collect unemployment insurance benefits would be one of the most effective stimulus measures .
A 2008 Congressional Budget Office memo stated that it would be an effective measure for Congress to pass because " it seems likely that recipients would spend most of those benefits . "
Mark Zandi , former economic adviser to Sen. John McCain 's campaign , estimates that for every $ 1 invested in unemployment benefits assistance , $ 1.64 in economic activity is generated .
Gov. Jindal is being joined in this folly by Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , whose states have high jobless rates and could use the most economic assistance .
Worse , the right 's new hero is CNBC's Rick Santelli , a man who on September 2 , 2008 , said the economy was healthy and blamed the business media for the financial crisis .
He has taken a similarly small , eroding patch of ground to mount a charge against the government 's recovery package by suggesting that the government should let more homes needlessly fall into foreclosure .
In his latest tirade , Santelli comments the government is " promoting bad behavior " and that it 's going to " subsidize the losers ' mortgages . "
Well Mr. Santelli , President Obama 's home affordability plan will help stave off even more foreclosures and allow those who are barely staying afloat to refinance their mortgages , both of which are in the best interest of the American economy as each foreclosed home reduces nearby property values by as much as 9 percent .
This is the same guy who recently said that the all - white , all - male stock traders next to him represented " a pretty good statistical cross-section of America .
The silent majority . "
This from a former derivatives trader -- a patriotic profession up there with the likes of soldiers , teachers and farmers .
Like what America needs now is advice from a derivatives trader .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Jindal , Obama
Today 's Republican Party , the lowest - held political party in the history of modern polling , should be in agony .
They have just committed a serious blunder -- a folly have you .
If the great Mrs. Tuchman were still alive , she 'd surely call this latest Republican gambit the Cap Pistols of February .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .
All About Bobby Jindal • Mark Sanford • Republican Party
Stevens was recently convicted on seven federal felony counts , all stemming from an unreported array of gifts received as a legislator , largely home improvements from an oil services company .
The actual Alaska vote count was not quite complete .
But Stevens trails Begich by 3,724 votes with only about 2,500 left to tally , the kind of impossible lead that can be surmounted only in a few machine - run counties of the United States .
Democrats now hold 58 seats , closer to a solid 60 - vote filibuster - proofing they sought , with two Republican seats still undecided in Georgia and Minnesota , plus two independents who usually vote Democratic .
And it means one more U.S. Senate seat pickup ( a total of seven now ) for Democrats under Majority Leader Harry Reid and for the impending legislative agenda of President - elect Barack Obama .
Which means Stevens does not get a seventh term .
He also lost an election against his Democratic opponent , Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich .
... to fight the convictions , charging prosecutorial malfeasance .
But his GOP colleagues , who already lost seats in 2006 over corruption issues , were lining up to pinch him out of the Republican caucus if he had won .
This saves them the trouble and will realign the state 's long - dominant Republican Party power structure involving , you betcha , reform Gov. Sarah Palin , who 's been a successful thorn in the side of old - time GOP leaders there in recent years .
Her lieutenant governor , Sean Parnell , came within a few hundred votes of upsetting incumbent Rep.
Don Young in a primary challenge earlier this year .
Stevens was famous for delivering the goods for Alaska .
" We ask for special considerations , " he often said of the nation 's largest state , " because no one else is that far away , no one else has the problems that we have or t he potential that we have , and no one else deals with the federal government day in and day out the way we do . "
Stevens was a former state legislator and two - term House member before being appointed to the Senate by Gov. Walter Hickel 40 years ago next month .
A UCLA graduate , he served as a pilot in the Army Air Corps during World War II .
Eleven years ago , when Stevens succeeded Sen. Mark Hatfield as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he said :
" Sen . Hatfield had the patience of Job and the disposition of a saint .
I do n't .
The watch has changed .
I 'm a mean , miserable S.O.B . "
In 2006 alone , he was credited -- or blamed , depending on your view of pork -- for bringing some 9 billion federal dollars into his state .
Stevens rejected suggestions by party leaders that he resign after his conviction .
Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain said Stevens had " broken his trust with the people . "
Begich will be the first Senate Democrat from Alaska in more than 30 years .
He is the son of Nick Begich , a Democratic congressman killed in a 1972 campaign plane crash .
The mayor 's campaign theme was built around this :
Alaskans " tell me we need a senator with new ideas , a senator who 's in touch and listens to everyone .
They tell me they want a senator who works with all sides of the issues to find solutions and get results . "
-- Andrew Malcolm
To ensure you do n't miss a single new Ticket item , register your cellphone here for instant alerts .
Credit : Office of Sen. Ted Stevens ; Associated Press
THE DISABUSED BOOMER
Coming to adulthood in the nineteen - sixties and - seventies , in an age of scientific , social and political optimism , having been conditioned to believe in the perfectibility of humanity by means of rationality , this boomer belatedly realises that he 's been catastrophically misled : this blog charts his efforts to achieve a less vapid , less ego - driven , less dispiritingly parochial optimism .
Apparently Turkish police have a biting sense of irony : they ’ve sprayed protesters at the World Water Forum with high - pressured water cannons .
[ social_buttons ]
The forum , which occurs every three years , is supposed to focus on ways to eliminate water poverty across the globe , but protesters believe the forum takes a heavy - handed approach and supports construction of dangerous and environmentally - disastrous large dams .
Two activists with the non-profit group International Rivers were deported from Turkey earlier this week for doing nothing but stand up with a banner reading “ No risky dams . ”
But while these activists were ticket - holding forum attendees , other protesters gathered outside the forum before it began .
The police said that the water cannons were the most “ cost effective ” way to respond to these protesters .
While of course I do not condone any act of violence against people merely expressing themselves , if the cops were going to do it anyway , this was a wonderful weapon choice .
Tear gas ?
$ 7,350 .
Water cannons ?
$ 235 .
Using water cannons against people protesting water poverty ?
Priceless .
Photo Credit : Isbi Armor on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
The trial of the Pirate Bay operators in Sweden has generated huge amounts of media coverage .
But one of the most interesting things about Pirate Bay has n't got a mention .
In his daily dispatches for WiReD , court correspondent Oscar Schwartz swoons over the boyish charm of " likeable " and " winning " Pirate Bay PR guy Peter Sunde .
But there seems to be something about Pirate Bay that no one wants you to read : its debt to one of the most notorious fascists in Europe .
Reg readers will already know a little about Carl Lundström 's background .
But as Andrew Brown , author of the autobiographical Fishing in Utopia , points out , no English language coverage of the trial has mentioned this .
Thanks to Brown 's blog , we know a little more about Lundström .
For example , Lundström was linked to a gang of skinheads that attacked Latin American tourists in Stockholm in the mid-1980s .
[ Expo.se report ( Swe ) - 2005 ] .
Over the years , Lundström has switched his support from Keep Sweden Swedish to the far - right headbangers party New Democracy - but was thrown out for being too right wing .
He 's currently bankrolling 100 candidates for the Swedish equivalent of the BNP .
The Pirate Bay 's T - shirt design omits Lundstrom
Lundström is alleged to own 40 per cent of The Pirate Bay - the largest share - and gave it servers and bandwidth to get going .
As one of the four defendants , been a regular attendee in court .
But the presence of this significant national political player has n't been worthy of a WiReD mention since the trial kicked off .
Or a mention anywhere else .
Why would that be ?
Shhh , do n't mention the neo - Nazi ...
For me , there are two interesting aspects to this peculiar , and very selective silence .
One is that anti-copyright activists like to think of themselves as thoroughly decent , forward - thinking progressive people - because the internet is a new democracy , they 're reflecting a fairer world .
They like to contrast the hygenic efficiency of the technology with the old ( and implicitly corrupt ) copyright businesses .
It 's almost a badge of moral superiority .
But like the Futurists a hundred years ago - the original Freetards - they do n't mind jumping into bed with neo -Nazis when it suits them .
In this case , that 's so long as the free music and movies keep flowing .
The second is WiReD 's choice of Oscar Schwartz to file courtroom dispatches from the Pirate Bay trial .
He 's the only English language courtroom reporter , and bloggers and professional publications take their cue from his reports .
But Schwartz describes himself as " a leading critic of intellectual property " and an activist .
His reports duly fulfil the caricature of plucky freedom fighters and bungling prosecutors that fellow activists ( and some journalists ) want to read .
" The fact it is represented by four young , rebellious and innovative guys all adds to the image of the rock 'n' rollers facing up to the The Man , " drooled Guardian blogger Jemima Kiss , who omits to mention the Fourth Man is n't particularly young - or looks great in jackboots .
" Whatever happens at the end of this case , Pirate Bay wins . "
When you invite activists to do your reporting for you , you can be sure that if a fact has an unpleasant odour , it wo n't be reported - no matter how important it may be . ®
NEW YORK – A way of preserving the chances of having a child for women and girls facing cancer treatment that will leave them infertile has been demonstrated to work , for the first time .
Specialists at McGill University in Montreal have developed a protocol in which they retrieve immature eggs ( i.e. , " oocytes " ) from a woman 's ovaries , induce the oocytes to mature in a lab dish , then deep - freeze them ; the oocytes can then be thawed for fertilization at a future point .
This strategy avoids the rise in estrogen that is necessary for normal ovulation but which can be detrimental for cancer patients , and does n't require cancer treatment to be delayed .
Furthermore , because eggs and not embryos are being preserved , there 's no need for donor sperm or a male partner at that point , which is an attractive option for young cancer patients , Dr. Seang Lin Tan and associates explain in the medical journal Fertility and Sterility .
They report the case of a 27 - year - old woman who had a history of problems becoming pregnant .
Although she did not have cancer , she agreed to try the new approach .
Her doctors retrieved 18 immature oocytes from the woman after hormone treatment , and these were cultured for 48 hours in a maturation medium .
Seventeen of the oocytes were then cryopreserved in liquid nitrogen .
Subsequently , four eggs survived when they were thawed 2 months later .
Three were fertilized by injection of a single sperm , and transferred to the patient 's womb 2 days later .
At 39 weeks gestation , the patient delivered a healthy 7.5 - pound baby girl .
" Examination of the newborn by a pediatrician found no evidence of congenital malformations , and the child has continued to develop normally , " Dr. Tan 's team reports .
( Agencies )
The plane crashed short of the runway where it had been due to land Investigators have said a faulty altimeter played a role in the plane crash near Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport last week that killed nine people .
Dutch Safety Board chairman Pieter van Vollenhoven said the plane was landing on automatic pilot and the problem with the altimeter led to a loss of speed .
He said the aeroplane had twice before reported problems with its altimeter .
The Turkish Airlines plane crashed just short of the runway .
It hit the ground tail - first and broke into three pieces .
The Boeing 737-800 had been carrying 127 passengers and seven crew .
Four Americans and five Turks died , including the captain and two other members of the crew .
Dozens were injured , many critically .
SCHIPHOL ACCIDENTS 27 October 2005 : A fire at the airport 's detention centre killed 11 people and injured 15 4 April 1994 :
Three people were killed and 13 seriously injured when a KLM flight carrying 24 people crashed on landing 4 October 1992 : An El Al Boeing 747 cargo plane crashed into an apartment block after takeoff , killing 43 people
In pictures : Schiphol plane crash Turkish plane crash : witnesses
At a news conference in The Hague , Mr Van Vollenhoven said the plane had been at an altitude of 595 m ( 1950 ft ) when making its landing approach to Schiphol airport .
But the altimeter recorded an altitude of around ground level .
The plane was on autopilot and its systems believed the plane was already touching down , he said .
The automatic throttle controlling the two engines was closed and they powered down .
This led to the plane losing speed , and stalling .
Mr Van Vollenhoven said Boeing had been instructed to warn its clients about possible problems with altimeters on similar aircraft .
Warning alarm Mr Van Vollenhoven said that a conversation recorded between the captain and two first officers in the cockpit showed they had noticed the faulty altimeter but did not consider it to be a problem , the Associated Press reported .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The crew initially did not react to these events , he said , but when a warning system sounded , they tried to restart the engines .
" But the plane was too low at 150 m .
As a consequence the plane crashed 1 km before the runway , " said Mr Van Vollenhoven .
BBC Transport correspondent Tom Symonds says that while it is not unusual for a plane 's approach and descent to be controlled by autopilot , the crew normally take over at a few hundred feet .
How the Schiphol crash happened
The plane came down in ploughed fields several hundred yards ( metres ) short of the runway , having left Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport at 0622 GMT .
Witnesses described seeing it appear to glide through the air , having lost all propulsion , before hitting the ground .
Passengers on board said the crew gave a landing announcement , then the plane dropped suddenly .
An exchange between air traffic controllers and the crew recorded minutes before the crash gave no indication of any technical trouble .
Last week , Turkish Airlines said that the plane had undergone repairs for a systems malfunction two days before the crash , briefly being taken out of operation after the pilot reported a problem with the Master Caution Light programme , which checks the aircraft is functioning correctly .
But the airline said it should not be seen as a potential cause of the crash .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
5:20 pm
Americans United for Separation of Church and State
Federal Appeals Court To Hear Argument In Kentucky Case Contesting ' Faith - Based ' Bias
4:19 pm
Earthjustice
California AG , Environmental Groups in Court Over Weak Energy Efficiency Standards
3:17 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
' Capitalism Hits the Fan '
3:08 pm
Amnesty International - USA
Amnesty International Calls on Chinese Authorities to Open Tibet
3:00 pm
Service Employees International Union ( SEIU )
Industry Groups to Expose Massive Anti-Worker Lobbying Even as Individual Firms Attempt Low Profile
2:56 pm
OneAmerica
ICE Raid Targets Immigrants , Breaks Apart Families
2:18 pm
Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence
Mexico Violence And The US As The Gun Source
2:07 pm
Equality California ( EQCA )
Equality California Expands Marriage Fight
Keep Me Logged In
By creating an account , I acknowledge that I have read and agree with the Terms of Use
Maintaining strict privacy is a high priority at TurboSquid .
We do not share any personal information obtained online without permission from the submitting user , and we never will .
For better security we 've updated login to authenticate exclusively against email addresses .
If you 're unsure of the email address that is associated with your account please Contact Support .
If you need to update your email you can do this under My Account after login .
Need an account ?
Sign Up
There you have it , Systemics .
100 comics down .
It ’s been a long ride , full of ups and downs , but we have managed to find a path .
A path that I could not be happier to be a part of .
I hope you guys stick with me as we continue down it .
Some of you guys are probably noticing some changes around the site .
An updated look , some new WP plugins to help smooth things out ( most noticably the ability to reply to particular comments ) , and more features are on the way .
In store for the next couple of weeks :
More ways to share The System .
Ways for you to show your support ( read : give me money and buy stuff ) .
More of the fun content that keeps you coming back .
Meanwhile , keep enjoying the site .
As stated above , comics will be posted until morale improves , and probably then some .
PS , can you name the comics referenced above ?
What is Anjal ?
Anjal is a new mail UI created on top of Evolution .
It would have a very interesting UI & features , that would make it the very suitable for low memory / processor / resolution devices .
It is Evolution & EDS at the back of Anjal .
We have broken down Evolution mail library to a smaller component and made a reusable shared library to be used by Evolution .
Anjal would be using WebKit for mail rendering and composing .
It features a nice multi-line message list , with unquoted text - preview of the latest messages in the thread .
Its configurable to make it even more lighter , by choosing a sqlite - cursor - based tree view , which would have the visible window of the message list on memory , very suitable for mobile environments .
It supports tabbed browsing , a small preference window & new account setup .
The project is ~ 20 days old and would go more changes as it grows , wrt features and UI , to make it a good mail - client for GNOME on Netbooks .
It would feature a nice conversation view , where you can open / view threads on the conversation view .
Yeah , you would ideally see your messages also part of the thread .
I have some more screenshots at here .
The code is hosted in git://git.gnome.org/anjal
You can check out , try use it and ofcourse contribute to it .
You probably have to patch EDS , Evolution and Webkit which adds some new apis .
The patches are part of the source repository .
We do n’t have a bugzilla yet , but we are working hard for a 0.1 pretty soon .
Pour your feedback to me .
Update :
Andre asked me to explain the name for ‘ Anjal ’ .
Anjal means ‘ Mail ’ in Tamil
Posted on 12 March 2009 by Quaid
Stone Cold Steve Austin is still around doing action movies .
You have n’t heard of some of them , but they exist .
Now he ’s making another play for the mainstream , landing a role in the new Sylvester Stallone movie , The Expendables .
I would love to be a fly on the wall listening to Sly direct these scenes with Stone Cold .
And if there is ever a creative dispute on - set , there will be no Bale - style bitching .
Instead , it will be a battle royale for the ages .
Another newly announced cast member is Charisma Carpenter ( you ca n’t make these names up ) , whose work I am unfamiliar with , but who is more than easy on the eyes .
Plus , you know , Stallone will be in it , and it appears that Arnold “ Kindergarten Cop ” Schwarzenegger will have a brief cameo .
Oh , and …MICKEY ROURKE , JASON STATHAM , AND JET LI !!!!!
Holy $ h!t!!!
This movie better be badass .
With these guys involved , it has no excuse not to be .
I do n’t even care if it ’s good , to be honest ; I just want it to kick my ass until I cry like a little girl .
Sheik Says Biofuels Are Prohibited by Islam
February 20th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Biofuels may have hit an unexpected roadblock with a pronouncement by Sheik Mohamed al - Najimi of the Saudi Islamic Jurisprudence Academy that the fuel may be prohibited by Islam .
According to al - Najimi , the prophet Muhammad prohibited the buying , selling , transporting , drinking , and manufacturing of alcohol – including the ethyl alcohol present in ethanol .
If other religious leaders take al - Najimi ’s opinion seriously , biofuel could be banned in Muslim countries that currently disallow alcohol .
That means Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Libya , and Sudan could potentially become biofuel - free zones .
While al - Najimi says that his recommendation should not be considered a fatwa ( a legal pronouncement in Islam ) , he does believe that restriction of biofuels should go beyond Muslim countries to include Muslims around the world .
Photo CC - Licensed by xeni
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Limp Bizkit have sold more than 33 million record worldwide
Limp Bizkit have announced that all five original members are reuniting for a world tour in the spring .
The band , led by charismatic frontman Fred Durst , said they were " disgusted and bored " with modern music .
Original guitarist Wes Borland quit in 2001 and the band split in 2004 after enjoying worldwide success with songs like Rollin ' and My Generation .
Limp Bizkit were pioneers of " nu- metal " , fusing hard rock music and hip - hop style drums and lyrics .
The line - up of former tattoo artist Fred Durst , Wes Borland , Sam Rivers , John Otto , and former House of Pain turntablist DJ Lethal formed in Florida in 1995 and released their debut album Three Dollar Bill , Yall$ in 1997 .
Their biggest album Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water was released in 2000 and gave them their only UK number one single Rollin ' .
Guitarist Wes Borland left the band a year later after his relationship with Durst became strained .
In a joint statement , they said they were " more disgusted and bored with the state of heavy popular music than we were with each other " .
It continued : " Regardless of where our separate paths have taken us , we recognise there is a powerful and unique energy with this particular group of people we have not found anywhere else .
This is why Limp Bizkit is back . "
The band will kick off a world tour in the spring with shows planned for eastern Europe and German festivals Rock Am Ring and Rock Im Park .
A new album is also planned .
This article on migrant detention conditions was prepared for the English - language section of the French national .
l’Humanité .
It comes at a time when rising quotas for migrant deportations are leading to the construction of a new detention centre near Calais , close to the site of the Sangatte camp .
It will be funded equally by the UK and French governments .
Northern Ireland does not have control over its migrants , who may be detained at Dungavel , Scotland .
It can not control which countries are accepted as ‘ safe ’ for returns – so opponents of Mugabe , for example , seeking refuge in Belfast could be returned to their fate in Harare , with the Assembly powerless to stop it .
Even when Policing & Justice are devolved , immigration , asylum and international relations will remain outside Stormont ’s reach , among other “ excepted matters . ”
This matters if you have a view on innocent refugees being imprisoned for 18 months , much longer than the 42 days described by David Davis as an example of “ the insidious , surreptitious and relentless erosion of fundamental British freedoms . ”
…
As the situation in detention centres becomes more explosive by the day , while the government wishes to marginalise the Cimade , there are citizens who intend to have their right to bear witness respected .
Humanité gives a platform , in Tuesday ’s edition , to the women and men whose lives have been shattered .
“ Do n’t leave us isolated and in silence . ”
On the 14th of February , twenty detainees at the administrative detention centre in Palaiseau ( Essonne , 20 km south of Paris ) began a hunger strike in a cry of anger .
It is a form of action that has become almost commonplace in these centres , where the undocumented await their expulsion , but this time the sound of the alarm has broken through the walls of this ’ foreigners ’ prison ’ .
“ It ’s happening right under our noses , in our town . ”
We asked ourselves , “ what can we do from the outside ? ” , says Serge Guichard , of the French Communist Party and the United Anti-Neoliberal Left collective .
Following a few meetings between parties of the left , NGOs and simple supporters , an initial fifty volunteers decided to create a citizens ’ observation scheme for Palaiseau ’s detention centre .
Since last week , they have been carrying out bi-weekly visits to the detainees .
While the situation in the centres is becoming more explosive by the day and the Cimade [ 1 ] , as the only NGO permitted to enter , has been put in the spotlight , this initiative could spark debate on the right to witness the interior of these foreigners ’ prisons .
The more you lock up , the more you can expel
There are currently twenty - six detention centres in France ( with four more under construction ) , where , according to the euphemisms of official discourse , ’ foreigners in irregular situations ’ are ’ held ’ as they wait to be ’ placed at a distance from the territory . ’
The centres have become a key component of the policy of expulsion quotas implemented by Nicolas Sarkozy in 2005 .
The more you lock up , the more you can expel … 35,008 ’ held ’ in 2007 ( 35 % more than in 2004 ) , of whom 242 were children , who cannot however , be expelled .
“ With the statistical steeplechase , we ’re seeing new kinds of detainees arrive , ” confirms Caroline Martin of the Cimade .
“ Not only families , but also pathologically ill people and labourers , arrested right on the building sites , who are arriving at the centres in their blue overalls . ”
The mysteries of Vincennes …
The direct consequences of this industrialised detention impact on an almost daily basis : self - mutilation , attempted suicides , fires and riots .
Every month now a centre is burned out : January – Bordeaux ; February – Toulouse …
The fire at the centre in Vincennes last June nevertheless marked a turning point .
On 21st June 2008 , a riot broke out following the death of a detainee .
The biggest detention centre in France went up in smoke .
The response of the government was repression and disinformation .
The eight undocumented migrants , questioned the day after the fire , are still in preventative detention in Fresnes .
The circumstances surrounding the death of Salem Souli , the crux of the riot , have not yet been clarified .
In July , his remains were repatriated to Tunisia in complete discretion .
His ex-partner and son of thirteen years old , no longer in contact with the victim , came to know of his death by chance in October .
At the beginning of January they brought legal action , for withholding of information and manslaughter through negligence of safety obligations .
“ This affair is revealing as regards what happens during detention ” , notes Mouhieddine Cherbib , of the Tunisian Federation for Bi-partisan citizenship ( FTCR ) , which is taking civil action .
“ They tell us ’ Keep a move on , there ’s nothing to see here . ’
But on the inside , these people do not accept to be put in prison when they have n’t done anything . ”
Silence , lock - down !
In this context , the marginalisation of the Cimade is worrying .
Highly critical of the policy of imprisonment , the non-denominational assistance organisation could be replaced by others who may not take the same care to bear witness .
“ Because Europe has adopted the Return Directive , which extends the detention limit to eighteen months , transparency is required regarding what happens in these centres ” , stresses Migruerop ’s Claire Rodier .
At the beginning of February , that association launched a campaign demanding the right to bear witness to these imprisonment sites .
“ What raises questions ” , she continues , “ is the place detention has in the management of migration .
We are in the process of trivialising a system that evokes horror . ”
[ 1 ] Translator ’s note : The Cimade is an NGO originally created to support WWII evacuees .
Cimade members are now the principal advocates for migrants ’ and refugees ’ human rights in France .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Steuerskandal in Freiburg : Anwälte rebellieren gegen Deal mit Arzt
Baden - Württembergs Wissenschaftsminister Peter Frankenberg ( CDU ) wollte die Affäre um einen pfuschenden Chefarzt beenden .
Jetzt haben ihn 160 Anwälte angezeigt .
FREIBURG taz
So etwas hat es wohl noch nie gegeben .
In Freiburg haben gestern mehr als 160 Rechtsanwälte eine Strafanzeige gegen das Land Baden - Württemberg und die Universitätsklinik Freiburg eingereicht .
Beide hätten aus ihrer Sicht " Geld zum Fenster hinausgeworfen " .
Knapp 2 Millionen
Euro bekommt ein ehemaliger Chefarzt der Uniklinik dafür , dass er nach zahlreichen Kunstfehlern freiwillig aus dem Beamtenverhältnis ausscheidet .
Die Anwälte sehen in diesem Deal eine " Untreue " zulasten des Landeshaushalts .
Sie verstehen nicht , warum der Arzt nicht per Disziplinarverfahren aus dem Beamtenverhältnis entlassen wurde - ohne Abfindung .
Hans Peter Friedl war 37 , als er 1997 die Leitung der Unfallchirurgie an der Freiburger Uniklinik übernahm .
Ein ehrgeiziger Mediziner mit einer bis dahin glänzenden Karriere .
Doch bald häuften sich die Behandlungsfehler .
So verlor etwa ein Rumäne fast sein Bein , weil Friedl beim Anschrauben einer Metallplatte Blutgefäße abquetschte .
Außerdem wurde ihm die gezielte Täuschung von Patienten vorgeworfen .
So musste ein junger Mann nach einer Schulteroperation erneut unters Messer , weil Friedl eine abgebrochene Bohrerspitze entfernen wollte .
Dem Patienten erzählte er nichts von dem Missgeschick , sondern gab einen anderen Grund für die Nachoperation an .
Die Folge : Friedl wurde ab 2000 vom Dienst suspendiert und die Staatsanwaltschaft erhob Anklage .
In einem aufsehenerregenden Prozess verurteilte das Landgericht Freiburg 2003 den Mediziner wegen drei Fällen fahrlässiger und einer vorsätzlichen Körperverletzung zu 24.300 Euro Geldstrafe .
Das relativ milde Urteil führte dazu , dass Friedl nicht sofort aus dem Amt scheiden musste .
Denn automatisch geht der Beamtenstatus nur bei einer Freiheitsstrafe von mindestens einem Jahr verloren .
Bei geringeren Strafen muss ein Disziplinarverfahren durchgeführt werden .
Dort wird geprüft , ob das Dienstvergehen so schwer wiegt , dass der Staat kein Vertrauen mehr in seinen Beamten haben kann .
Eigentlich schien das bei Friedl reine Formsache zu sein .
Schließlich hatte er nicht nur Kunstfehler begangen , was jedem Arzt passieren kann , sondern diese auch noch mehrfach vertuscht .
Außerdem hat Friedl sogar Mitarbeiter in seine Machenschaften einbezogen , indem er sie Operationsberichte falsch ausfüllen ließ .
Auch das Landgericht ging davon aus , " dass der Verlust der Stelle an der Universitätsklinik Freiburg endgültig sein wird " .
Die Uniklinik tat auch alles , dass Friedl nicht auf seine Stelle zurückkehren kann .
Das Vertrauen war offensichtlich unwiederbringlich verloren .
Und dennoch soll Friedl jetzt im Rahmen eines Vergleichs 1,98 Millionen Euro Abfindung erhalten , weil die Universitätsklinik und das Land Baden - Württemberg glauben , dass sie Friedl nicht anders loswerden können .
Freilich haben sie es gar nicht erst versucht .
Eine Disziplinarklage beim zuständigen Verwaltungsgericht wurde nicht eingereicht .
Die Freiburger Anwälte halten das nicht nur für skandalös , sondern auch für strafbar .
Sie haben gegen die " Verantwortlichen " Strafanzeige erstattet .
Gemeint ist damit nicht zuletzt Wissenschafts - und Forschungsminister Peter Frankenberg ( CDU ) .
Die couragierten Anwälte wissen allerdings auch nicht so recht , warum das Land dem Chirurgen Geld hinterherwirft .
" Vielleicht hat Friedl etwas gegen die Uniklinik in der Hand " , spekuliert Helmut Graff , einer der Initiatoren .
Das Land beruft sich dagegen auf den Untersuchungsbericht des Richters , der das Disziplinarverfahren führte .
Dort soll angeblich stehen , dass die Vorwürfe gegen Friedl " aller Voraussicht nach nicht zu einer Entfernung aus dem Amt führen werden " .
Wie der Richter zu diesem rätselhaften Schluss kommt , ist unklar , sein Bericht ist geheim .
Immerhin kann ihn jetzt die Freiburger Staatsanwaltschaft prüfen .
30 tables .
1000 + columns .*
Millions of rows .
I invite anybody who thinks poker is a shallow game of chance to spend a few hours swimming through a decently - sized Poker Tracker 3 database .
Now I know what you 're thinking ...
Is that a color - coded diagram of the PokerTracker 3 database schema in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ?
... and watch out .
You already know I love diagrams , and I actually have a poster - sized version of this one hanging above my desk .
I got tired of consulting the mammoth PokerTracker 3 PostgreSQL Database Schema Documentation PDF every time I needed to look up a column name ( the PT3PQDBSDPDF is a great reference , but it 's still a reference ; a tome ) .
I found myself wanting more of a Where 's Waldo ? - style cheat sheet , and I could n't find one , so I built one and tacked it to the wall .
Feel free to download the original Visio document and , if anybody ever tells you " poker is just a gambling game , " you can thwap them over the head with it ( make sure to roll it up first ) .
Said diagram might also come in handy if you do a lot of advanced / custom Poker Tracker work :
Custom statistics
Fancy HUD layouts
PokerTracker programming
It 's also good for wrapping fish , starting fires , creating aerodynamically superior paper airplanes , that sort of thing .
Enjoy .
( By the way , if you 're curious how the above diagram was generated : I installed psqlODBC , the PostgreSQL ODBC driver , created a data source , attached Microsoft Visio to that data source , and had it extract the tables .
The layouting , color - coding , and annotations were performed by hand . )
* - The exact number of columns will vary from installation to installation , depending on cached statistics .
Archive January ( 3 ) December ( 6 ) November ( 7 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 6 ) August ( 6 ) July ( 6 ) June ( 10 ) May ( 9 ) April ( 18 ) March ( 22 ) February ( 16 ) January ( 17 ) December ( 18 ) November ( 12 ) October ( 17 ) September ( 22 ) August ( 16 ) July ( 21 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 13 ) April ( 22 ) March ( 32 ) February ( 25 ) January ( 33 ) December ( 36 ) November ( 37 ) October ( 42 ) September ( 41 ) August ( 44 ) July ( 49 ) June ( 49 ) May ( 61 ) April ( 62 ) March ( 56 ) February ( 31 ) January ( 8 )
It was almost midnight on an idle Tuesday and the hospital hallways were unusually calm .
I had just finished reading an old issue of Sports Illustrated from cover to cover .
“ Waiting sucks , ” I thought to myself .
“ Why did n’t I bring a book ? ”
As I sat quietly with my eyes closed , I could vaguely hear the soft mumbles of a verbal plea going on in the hospital room beside me .
“ You ’ve kept him waiting long enough !
My grandson is here !
Oh please , let him in . ”
More mumbling …
“ Please , please … nurse , bring him to me . ”
A moment later the nurse stormed out of the room and looked startled to see me waiting in the hall .
“ Oh , you ’re here ! ” he yelped .
“ I ’m sorry .
I ’m a hospice nurse and I ’ve only been watching over your grandmother for the last 24 hours .
She insisted that you were coming to visit her last night too , so she had me scouring the hospital halls looking for you to no avail .
When she told me you were coming again this evening , I assumed her dementia was getting the best of her . ”
“ Well , I … ”
He interrupted me .
“ But I ’m really glad you ’re here .
I think she ’s been holding on just so she could say goodbye to you .
It ’s actually miraculous that she ’s still able to speak , because her body is rapidly shutting down on her .
The doctor gave her 24 hours to live about 24 hours ago . ”
“ Jeez , that ’s … ”
He interrupted again .
“ Sir , once more , I ’m truly sorry .
I had no idea you were out here waiting .
Please follow me . ”
I stood up and the nurse guided me into the room .
“ You ’re grandson is here , ” he announced from the doorway .
The old woman ’s eye ’s lit up .
“ Oh grace …
Oh joy ! ”
She looked right at me and smiled with all the might she had left in her weak body .
“ I knew you ’d come . ”
I sat down at her bedside and placed my hand over hers , interlocking our fingers and squeezing ever so slightly in an attempt to show affection .
She squeezed back and tried to speak again , but she was too exhausted .
Instead , she stared directly into my eyes and held her smile for several minutes as we continued to hold hands .
Finally , she closed her eyes and rested .
For nearly an hour I did n’t move .
I sat there in silence as she maintained a soft grip on my hand .
Then slowly , her grip loosened and her breathing slowed .
For a moment I thought she was falling into a deeper sleep , but then her breathing stopped altogether .
I let go of her lifeless hand and used the emergency call button to summon the nurse .
The nurse hustled in , covered the body with a white sheet , recorded a few notes on his clipboard , and then began to offer his condolences …
“ I ’m really sorry for your loss , ” he said .
“ Have you made any funeral arrangements ? ”
“ I do n’t even know her name , ” I replied .
“ What do you mean ? ” he asked .
“ She ’s your grandmother . ”
“ No , she ’s not , ” I assured him .
“ Prior to stepping foot in this room , I had never met her before in my life .
I ’m here at the hospital waiting for my roommate who needs a few stitches on his chin . ”
He looked confused .
“ I do n’t understand .
If you do n’t know her , then why did n’t you say so ?
And why did you sit beside her for the last hour ? ”
I smiled .
“ Well , I knew immediately that she was n’t my grandmother .
But when you informed me of her life expectancy , I also knew that her real grandson was n’t going to make it in time .
So curiosity got the best of me and I followed you into the room .
Then when she saw me and smiled , I realized her vision was so bad that she actually thought I was her grandson .
And knowing how desperate she was to see him , I decided to play the part and spend the hour with her . ”
We Determine the Value of Every Hour
Our lives are measured by the value we provide to others .
This value arises from the things we spend our time doing .
And since time is quantified in hours , the value of our lives is equivalent to the sum of every hour we spend .
Opportunities to provide value are everywhere .
Some of them are anticipated , while others blindside us at midnight on an idle Tuesday .
Whether or not we choose acknowledge these opportunities is up to us .
How have you spent the last hour of your life ?
Larry Wall has a quote somewhere that it 's okay to speak baby Perl .
After all , you do n't look down on a baby for occasionally misconjugating an irregular verb .
( Of course , I still can't reliably decline Spanish nouns by gender , and I have n't been a baby for a while . )
Baby Perl and bad Perl may have a lot in common , but the differences are very important .
The vital distinction is how each gets written .
Baby Perl avoids well - known Perl idioms .
It may have the flavor of another language : it 's easy to see the influence of C or PHP or Visual Basic in a Perl program .
Experienced programmers can look at the code and say " That 's clunky , but it can work . "
Bad Perl ignores well - known Perl design and coding practices .
The code is poorly - factored .
Variable names are obtuse .
There 's no error checking .
Random bits of dead code pop up , sometimes commented out and sometimes live .
Everywhere you look you see bad code copied and pasted from known sources of bad code .
Global variables appear and disappear .
( This is how you write unmaintainable code in any language -- that includes Python , Ruby , and Haskell ( except for the global variables ) . )
Baby Perl can be bad Perl , and bad Perl can be baby Perl , but the difference is in design .
A baby Perl program written as a didactic exercise is fine .
A baby Perl program written to run once , then never again , is fine .
A baby Perl program written and published on the Internet to live forever in search engine results and caches is fine -- if it 's clearly labeled as baby Perl .
That 's one of my gripes in The Opposite of Modern .
Baby
Perl that persists longer than five minutes , that appears as an example of how to use Perl to solve a problem , or that grows into vital code more than a hundred lines long will quickly become bad Perl .
Baby Perl does n't scale with programmer effort .
Perl novices have enough trouble understanding context and how hashes work without worrying about the Law of Demeter , the Single Responsibility Principle , pass - by - value versus pass - by - reference , the Liskov Substitution Principle , and time / space tradeoffs .
I had to learn whether elsif contains the second e or is two keywords before worrying about ( manual ) tail call optimization in Perl .
However .
The Perl compiler can provide tremendous amounts of debugging information , if you know the magic incantations to enable it ( see Toward a Modern : : Perl ) .
Perl : : Critic can analyze a Perl program and report unidiomatic , dangerous , or sloppy uses .
( There should be a Perl : : Critic for baby Perl .
" These variable names have trailing numbers .
Have you considered using an array ?
See perldoc foo for advice . " )
The built - in perldiag documentation explains what went wrong and how to fix it -- if you 've enabled warnings .
In other words , Perl is willing to help novices writing baby Perl only after they 've learned how to ask for help .
Fixing that -- making Perl 5.12 modern by default , with backwards compatibility available through use of a pragma -- will help Perl help novices to write better code .
That 's step one .
As step two , this change immediately breaks all existing Bad Perl code in the world which wo n't even compile under modern Perl .
Good .
There is a slight danger in that everyone who 's written these examples will update them with the magic incantation to disable all of this help , but at least to make that work people will have to upgrade to a modern Perl release , which is n't so awful in itself .
Step three is to replace all of those bad tutorials and bad examples and bad idiom worms just waiting to propogate through copy and paste and blog with good code -- code that actually works under modern Perl .
A handmade silk tie with embroidered text and crests in a royal purple background .
While most of our custom tie requests ask us to create a simple solid or classic striped tie with the client ’s logo , sometimes we get treated to some more intricate and elaborate design requests .
This was the case when a client wanted to include their University Name , their Fraternity Name , a Date Range , as well as the Fraternity ’s crest .
Our designer had some fun creating close to a dozen different suggestions for our client who chose the design below as their favorite .
About a month later the ties were complete .
Below is another detailed look of the finished ties .
This custom tie features a royal purple background with custom embroidered text and crests .
Handmade from 100 % woven silk .
Looking to create your own tie design ?
Then we can help !
Contact our custom tie team and tell us what you had in mind in terms of color , design , logos , etc .
Not sure what will look good ?
Then simply send us your logo and we will work on some initial design suggestions at no charge .
• Executives fear for safety after £ 115 m payout • Hide firm 's logo and park in lit areas , employees told
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The embattled US insurance company AIG has warned its staff to travel in pairs after dark , not to wear company logos and to avoid discussing their work outside the office , as public outrage boils over at multimillion - dollar executive bonuses .
AIG 's employees have been subjected to death threats since the company handed out $ 165 m ( £ 115 m ) in " retention " awards to employees in its disastrously loss - making financial products division this week .
Recipients of the bonuses said they feared for their own safety .
A union - backed campaign group is today taking protesters on a bus tour of AIG executives ' homes in a wealthy enclave of Connecticut known as the " gold coast " .
In a leaked company - wide memo , AIG 's corporate security team this week warned staff to take special precautions " due to a growing sense of public attention fuelled by increased media scrutiny " .
The memo , posted on the New York website Gawker , urges staff to " avoid wearing any AIG apparel ( bags , shirts , umbrellas etc ) with the company insignia " .
It advises workers to take off identity badges when they go outside , to report the presence of any strangers , and to call the emergency services if they think they are being followed .
" At night , when possible , travel in pairs and always park in well - lit areas , " it reads .
AIG 's financial products division insured banks against the risk of default on credit instruments , but failed to put aside substantial reserves in case of liabilities .
When the credit crunch erupted , the division imploded with vast losses , forcing AIG to turn to taxpayers for more than $ 150bn of emergency aid .
The unit is largely run out of London , but its head office is in Wilton , Connecticut .
Many of its executives live in sprawling homes along Long Island Sound , north - east of New York City .
One of those who received a multimillion - dollar bonus , James Haas , became tearful when confronted by journalists at his house this week .
He told the New York Times : " I feel horrible .
This has been a complete invasion of privacy . "
Haas , who has agreed to hand back his bonus , said : " There are kids involved , there have been death threats . "
One threat to Haas , who has been nicknamed Jackpot Jimmy , reportedly read : " Haas better not even get in his car . "
Another executive told the Associated Press : " People are very , very nervous for their security . "
A group called Connecticut Working Families , which includes union activists and community groups , has been drumming up supporters to visit AIG executives with letters describing the predicament of struggling homeowners .
" There is a human cost to the economic meltdown that we 're experiencing , " said Jon Green , director of the protest organisation .
From President Barack Obama downwards , politicians have condemned AIG 's use of public money to pay bonuses .
The company says its hands are tied by legally watertight contracts drawn up before the financial meltdown .
Such is the political backlash that the US House of Representatives passed a special act imposing a 90 % tax on the bonuses on Thursday .
The measure has yet to go before the Senate .
Critics argue that the tax is unconstitutional , because it is targeted at specific individuals .
The Republican senator Judd Gregg said that although he considered the bonuses " despicable " , the government should not levy taxes " in a manner that is arbitrary , punitive and targeted on a single group of people " .
AIG staff have been warned to ...
• Avoid wearing any apparel with company insignia .
• Ensure any AIG badges are not readily visible when leaving the office .
• Be aware of individuals who appear to be out of place or spending an inordinate amount of time near an AIG facility and report these sightings immediately to building security .
• At night , when possible , travel in pairs and always park in well - lit areas .
• Avoid public conversations involving AIG and do not engage in any media personnel regarding the company .
• Report lost or stolen AIG badges .
• If you think you are being followed , immediately dial 911 .
• Do not give out personal information over the phone or via email .
• Ensure visitors are escorted by an AIG employee at all times when inside an AIG facility .
• Immediately report all windows , locks and doors that appear broken or tampered with .
• Avoid propping doors and be aware of those attempting to " piggy back " into AIG workspace .
• All other information , suspicious behaviour , questionable activity etc. should be reported to security .
Obama 's Choice to Bare Arms Causes Uproar Critics contend the first lady 's outfit for her official photo is too informal .
March 2 , 2009  --
The latest arms controversy embroiling the White House has nothing to do with the Second Amendment .
Instead , it 's sprung from criticism about Michelle Obama showing off her toned triceps and biceps in her first official photo as first lady .
The nation 's first spouse , who often dons sleeveless attire , dared to show off her limbs in the picture that graces her Web site and was released Sunday .
" The sleeveless look is very much in keeping with what we 've seen from Michelle Obama , " said Politico White House reporter Malika Henderson of the first lady 's black dress , which she set off with a white pearl necklace .
" It is very much her signature look , so I was n't that surprised . "
But some are criticizing the South Side Chicago native for her choice of attire , calling it too informal and out of season .
And Obama 's black dress with a strand of white pearls around her neck is just the most recent of her fashion choices that have featured her exposed arms .
Last week at President Obama 's first congressional address , she chose a purple sleeveless ensemble .
" One reader summed it up better than most of them .
She talked about how the season is winter , the occasion was business and a sleeveless dress was the wrong style at the wrong time , " said Chicago Tribune style reporter Wendy Donahue .
She said the paper 's Web site has received hundreds of online responses about Obama 's outfit .
" Most of the complaints centered on the dress conveying a sense of informality on a serious occasion , " Donahue said .
" She 's kind of faced some criticism for that in the past where people have said maybe [ her clothing is ] distracting from the central point , from what is going on . "
Even some Washington insiders were surprised by Obama 's wear because of the frigid February weather .
" When she was at the non-State of the Union address and had the sleeveless dress on , that was a bit of a surprise and I got some e-mails from some folks who were , you know , they work on the Hill and they were like , ' Wow she 's sleeveless , ' " Henderson said .
" ' Nobody else is sleeveless here and it is the winter . ' "
First Lady of Fashion
" I think outside the Beltway people are just kind of fascinated with it , " Henderson said of Obama , who is on the cover of this month 's Vogue magazine .
The first lady of fashion has often drawn comparisons to Jackie Kennedy for her wardrobe , but not all of her choices have drawn positive responses .
Some panned the black - and - red figure - accentuating dress she wore the night her husband accepted the Democratic Party 's nomination for president .
But one thing onlookers seem to agree on is that the first lady 's fashion choices are a reflection of herself .
" She very much is her own person , " Henderson said .
" Her kind of philosophy of fashion is that women should wear what they are comfortable in . "
" And so there she is with her arms out , " Henderson said .
The Arming of a Nation
But even when critics can't agree on Obama 's attire , they can agree on the state of her arms .
" She 's very much proud of those arms .
And she works out not only in the White House , she worked out before she gets up at 5:30 and works out with her husband , " Henderson said .
And Donahue believes this wo n't be the last time Obama shows off her armed assets .
" I think it 's clear she 's going to make bare arms her signature statement , " Donahue said .
" And in many ways it 's the perfect accessory for the times .
They cost nothing except maybe a gym membership or a couple of 15 - pound [ weights ] that you can use in your home . "
" Those toned arms that are the envy of every woman , not just 45 - year - old women , but 25 - year - old women do n't have arms that toned , " she said .
There 's even a Web site with workouts dedicated to getting Michelle Obama - like guns .
David Cameron branded the prime minister a " complete phoney " today as he clashed with Gordon Brown over unemployment at Commons question time .
The Tory leader was ordered to withdraw the remark by the Speaker , Michael Martin , but not before Cameron claimed Brown was " in denial " about the state of the British economy .
Cameron 's attack came after Brown had contrasted comments made by the shadow chancellor , George Osborne , and the shadow business secretary , Ken Clarke , over the Tories ' plans to tackle the recession .
The Tory leader said : " I 'm glad you are back to reading out quotations .
We now know how long a pledge from you lasts .
Yesterday you said in the Guardian , ' I personally have always said that modern politics , with its focus on who said what , when and how , is far too divisive to meet the problems of the country ' .
What a complete phoney ! "
Amid uproar , the Speaker instructed Cameron to " properly withdraw " the remark .
The barb from the Tory leader is all the more remarkable since Brown had prefaced his remarks by talking emotionally about the death of Cameron 's son , Ivan , three weeks ago .
In the most combative dispatch box exchanges for weeks , the Conservative leader claimed that there was now an " enormous gulf " between what Brown said each week and what the government was actually doing .
He again urged the prime minister to admit he was wrong to have claimed that Britain was best placed to withstand the recession and said Brown was " incapable of admitting he ever got anything wrong " .
The prime minister hit back , claiming a Tory government would do nothing to help those at risk of losing their jobs .
Brown said of the Tory leader : " He asks us to do more by saying he will spend less and it just does n't add up . "
Earlier , the prime minister told the Commons it was a " matter of personal regret for me and the whole government " if people lost their jobs or were in fear of doing so .
Brown said the government would do " everything we can " to help people get back into work .
Cameron said the rise in the claimant count announced today , of 165,000 in the three months to January this year , was the highest since records began .
Unemployment has now topped 2 million .
" Does n't this show that his [ Brown 's ] claim that Britain is well placed to deal with the recession is nonsense ? "
Cameron asked .
Brown said he came into politics to help people who were unemployed and argued that unemployment was higher in other countries such as France and Germany .
" I know that 's of little comfort to people here , and that 's why we 're doing everything we can to help them , " Brown said , adding : " We are spending £ 1.3 bn helping people get into work ; if the Tories feel strongly about this , why wo n't they support government spending plans ? "
Cameron retorted : " There seems to be an enormous gulf between what he says every week and what the government is doing ; he is incapable of admitting he ever got anything wrong . "
Global news agencies have decried the Israel Defense Forces strike near a United Nations school in Gaza on Tuesday , in which dozens were killed , and Palestinian sources said the casualties were mostly civilians .
The Israeli army , however , claimed that terrorists were firing mortar shells from the school just moments before the strike .
The IDF stated that a number of Hamas gunmen were inside the school , among them Imad and Hassan Abu -Askar , who are known to the IDF as Hamas operatives .
Other Side More than 30 rockets fired from Gaza Tuesday Ilana Curiel Rocket fire from Strip persists despite presence of IDF forces ; infant lightly hurt in Gedera More than 30 rockets fired from Gaza Tuesday
According to the Palestinian reports , a number of tank shells landed around the school , in which refugees who had fled their nearby homes were taking shelter .
Reports are unclear regarding the precise number of casualties , but Palestinian sources said many of the dozens killed were women and children .
They added that the number may still rise , as many of the wounded suffer life - threatening injuries .
It was the second UNRWA school to be hit Tuesday .
Earlier , three civilians were killed in a strike on a Khan Younis school in which refugees had gathered .
An additional 13 civilians were killed in an earlier IDF strike that leveled a four - storey structure in Gaza City 's Zeitoun neighborhood .
Rescue teams were searching for more bodies and survivors under the rubble .
During the evacuation of the injured , a second structure was hit in the neighborhood .
If you 're after our choice of the best free iPhone apps , or want reviews of the latest full price iPhone apps , ( not to mention iPod touch and iPad apps ) we have a bunch of stuff for you .
We 've collated a list of our iPhone app store articles , so whatever you 're after , this should get you started .
Take a look below .
General iPhone apps
Top 10 best iPhone 4 apps
Top 40 best free iPhone apps
Top 20 best iPhone apps - paid apps
10 unusual but cool iPhone apps
15 iPhone apps that could save your life
20 cool things to do with your iPhone
i Phone games
30 best free iPhone games on the planet
20 best iPhone games - paid apps
Design
10 essential iPhone apps for web designers
8 iPhone apps for 3D artists
Travel
Tom Tom for iPhone reviewed
10 brilliant iPhone apps for commuters
Productivity
24 iPhone apps for 24 hours
Controversial
20 controversial iPhone apps
20 classic App Store rejections
16 worst free iPhone apps
Communication
8 best Twitter iPhone apps
Music
5 top music making apps for the iPhone
10 best iPhone apps for music fans
Updates
Latest iPhone app news
Latest iPhone app reviews
More apps : Best iPhone apps at T3.com
And check out Tap !
magazine for more apps , games and kit reviews for iPhone , iPad and iPod touch .
Tuesday , September 29 , 2020 Richard Dansky , Part Three
... Did I mention RPGs ?
Richard Dansky also writes RPGs .
... Did I mention RPGs ?
Richard Dansky also writes RPGs .
Alex : You have an M.A. in English .
Richard : I 'm one degree away from being completely unemployable , so ...
Alex :
How has that informed your work ?
Is there an academic theory you find useful ?
Richard :
In terms of theory ... just the notion of literary analysis and being able to deconstruct story structures and narrative structures .
The training that I got as a graduate student , the analysis of those narrative structures , is something that served me very well .
Alex :
So the ability to see the hidden structures in stories .
Richard : Yeah .
And I could start rambling on about [ Russian philosopher Mikhail ] Bakhtin and all that , but ...
Alex :
Oh , please do .
" What can Bakhtin do for you ? "
Richard : Bakhtin actually helped me write a thesis on H.P. Lovecraft as an undergraduate at Wesleyan .
Alex :
And what what was your Bakhtinian take on Lovecraft ?
Richard :
This was before Lovecraft was cool and long before everybody figured out he was a howling racist .
But I was talking about spheres of influence and transgression between those spheres of influence .
The idea that Lovecraft 's horror comes from the trespass , one into the other , human into the monstrous and the monstrous into the human .
I could go into a great deal more detail if I could find in the damn thing somewhere in my office .
Alex :
Does that work in games as well , this sense of transgression ?
Or are we just always in a very carefully defined , consistent fantasy world ?
Richard :
Our worlds are so carefully crafted that it's hard to be allowed to transgress against them .
The worlds generally do n't allow for a sense of transgression against the story they want to tell .
Every so often you get a game that tries to go there .
And sometimes the results are fantastic .
Alex :
What 's one that 's fantastic ?
Richard : I would say The Last of Us transgresses .
And sometimes it does n't work so well .
Where it comes across as crude or the player does not enjoy the feeling of transgression .
Alex :
In what way does The Last of Us transgress ?
Richard :
Well , the standard ending would have ended with the delivery of Ellie to the doctors , happy ending , OK , they 're going to save the world now .
Alex :
You 're a hero .
Richard :
And the fact that it does n't stop there , the fact that we find out more and we act against what was seen as our heroic goal all the way through the game ...
I think that 's a moment of transgression .
And an excellent one .
Alex :
It is certainly one of the most earned unexpected endings .
You 're going , oh , my God , that 's horrifying .
And then you go , but everything that has happened has led up to this .
And there is no way he could have made a different decision .
Richard :
It feels a piece of the world and it feels like something that character would rationally do .
That feels righteous to do .
And even though it 's going against the proposed heroic ideal of the first 90 percent of the game .
Alex : I think that 's probably why it was so memorable .
If it had had the standard ending , I do n't think people would have been over the moon about it .
Richard : Well , and the giraffes .
I love the moment with the giraffes .
It 's the moment of , This is what you are fighting for .
That quiet moment .
When the shouting stops and the shooting stops and you 're not running , you take a deep breath and say , OK , these are real people , these are people who I can care about because they have this humanity to them .
Alex :
They have an ability to experience the quiet moments .
Richard : Yeah .
Alex : I think that 's right .
Richard :
And you contrast that to games where everybody is always shouting all the time .
You do n't get an impression of characters , because after a while you tune it out .
It 's just another order , another description , another bit of pipe being laid .
Alex :
What question would you most want answered by this book I 'm writing ?
Richard :
What comes next ?
Alex :
In terms of ... theory ?
AI ?
Richard : Storytelling .
We still do n't even have a common vocabulary for video game storytelling .
Alex :
What would we be looking for in a vocabulary ?
Richard : A common language , a formalization of the role , and a professional jargon that could be respected outside of the club .
Alex : Like in show business with your turning points .
Act outs .
Teasers .
Ghosts .
Richard : I mean , we have barks and that 's about it .
And I think we need our own language to differentiate ourselves from cinema , from television .
Now , obviously , there 's a lot of overlap , but there 's also a lot of space that 's ours alone .
And trying to cram us into their boxes has , I think in some cases set video game storytelling back .
Alex : Each medium has things that it does well .
A novel can slow down or speed up time in a way that a movie or a TV show can't , because everything has to happen in real time .
You can jump between times , but you can't speed up time , except for the occasional slow - mo or time lapse shot .
You can't show , say , " over the course the next few months , she began to wonder if her marriage was working ... " -- you ca n't show that .
What do you think in that sense the medium of videogames is able to do that you can't do in , say , film and television ?
Richard :
The cheap answer is , interactivity .
But the phrase that I 've always used is the " player shaped hole . "
There is a player shaped hole in the center of every videogame story .
And as creators , we write to the possibility space of what the player might do .
We do n't dictate every moment .
We prepare for the eventuality of what the player might choose to do at any given moment .
Alex : I think it has parallels to theater .
The thing that theater does is you are physically in the same space with the actors .
And that gives you something that film does n't do , even though , you know , a stage set is so much more artificial than what you see in the film .
The fact that you 're actually physically there , breathing the same air as the actor , that creates a sort of ritual space .
And when a player does a thing , especially when a player gets to choose a thing , they own it in a way that they can't own it as a passive consumer .
As you were saying that , you know , " I did this .
I decided to save Ellie . "
That can be quite powerful .
Alex :
Well , I have run out of questions , sir .
OK .
Thank you for talking to me .
Richard : Sure .
Labels : making games , videogames , writing games 0 comments Sunday , September 27 , 2020 Richard " Safety " Dansky , Part Two
Richard Dansky is a veteran game writer and horror novelist .
Among his many novels , Vaporware is the horrifying tale of a game project that refuses to allow herself to be killed off .
There is a monster in it , but not the one you think .
Alex :
How would you define a narrative designer versus a writer ?
How would you define a narrative designer versus a writer ?
Richard : I would say that the two jobs can overlap , but the narrative designer is responsible for the systems for delivering narrative to the player while the writers are responsible for the content that gets delivered .
Alex :
And why do you think it 's valuable to separate those job descriptions ?
Richard : Because it 's …. how can I put this delicately ?--
Alex : -- Some people can't write , and some writers can't program , is that it ?
Richard : Some writers can't program , some writers can't design .
As games get more sophisticated , you need more and more sophisticated ways of telling stories , you need more intricate artificial intelligence structures to call on for systemic dialog , you need better environmental storytelling .
You need somebody to keep track of all of that , and somebody whose primary skill is writing may not have those skills .
At the same time , someone whose primary skill is writing should be able to go ahead and write .
Maximize the resources , make sure that you 're getting people in a position to succeed .
But .it's not just writing , it has to be a way of delivering the story as well as the story itself .
Alex :
So talking about narrative delivery systems : what 's a narrative delivery system that you really thought worked ?
Something that you thought ,
This is cool , this is doing a new thing .
This is something movies do n't do .
Richard : I thought that the narrative delivery in Assassin 's Creed : Odyssey was fantastic .
Really brought you into that world .
Alex :
How so ?
Richard :
For the first time in that series , you really got a sense of who the people in that world were .
And it was deeper immersion .
The sense that their lives have been going on before you got there and will continue to go on after you left .
Alex : I was talking with Anna Megill and she was saying that 's apparently called " negative capability . "
Was that a term you 've heard ?
Richard :
It 's not a term I 've heard , but I 'm happy to steal it .
Alex :
What was happening in the game that was new that was making you feel like these people had lives ?
Richard : Part of it was the content , what they were talking about , what they were asking the player to do .
The language that was used felt realistic and personable .
And part of it was the structure of the conversations .
There was n't a character standing around waiting for you to interact with them , in a way that was obvious that they were just tools in the delivery of narrative .
They felt like characters .
They did not feel like signposts on the way to the story .
Alex :
So were these were these branching conversations ?
Was there AI going on , do you think ?
Richard : Yes .
And I fully imagine that QA spent many hours screaming into the night testing that because branching dialog is hell .
But they did a wonderful job of it .
Alex :
What is an interesting narrative delivery system that you maybe were n't able to implement , that you wanted to .
Richard :
Well , the early days of the Clancy franchise we basically had no narrative implementation except for a giant wall of text at the beginning of the missions .
And with pressure from production and management to fill in every last detail of the mission , those walls got pretty tall indeed .
Alex : I feel like games had way more dialog in the 90s , and then there was a big step back .
Because in the 90s it was all just text , so you could write as much as you like .
Like Planescape : Torment , there has to be several novels worth of dialogue in there .
And then once we started voicing lines and animating characters , then it 's like , oh , my God , we can't do that anymore .
And we 're only now getting back to where we were in the 90s when it was just texts .
Does that feel right ?
Richard : I think so .
But I would say you look even at a game as venerable as Knights of the Old Republic , that had a metric fuckton of dialog .
The revolution happened a while ago , to get us back to more and more dialog .
Planescape : Torment , I used to know the word count on that .
But if you looked at Old Republic , that must be 26 times as large .
Just the blossoming of how much is in there .
Part of it is the game types that are available now .
Part of it is the idea of games as a service so you can keep extending the life of the game and keep on telling more story with that one game .
And part of it , like you said , is the advanced technology and the ability to record more easily and more cheaply .
Alex :
The mocap , the cost has come down .
We 're putting more of those dots on people .
They can capture more expressions .
People do n't have to go to a mocap studio anymore , they can have a mocap room in their studio .
Richard : Yeah , ours is in the break room at Red Storm .
So when the animation team is at work , everybody clears out , nobody 's getting any snacks .
Alex :
Oh noes !
Richard :
They all deny that .
They will say , “ You can walk around the edges . ”
But you do n't want to go in there .
Alex :
What can you do in non-linear narrative that you can't do in linear narrative ?
Richard :
We can do a lot of things with messing with the players expectation .
One of the nonlinear narratives that I wrote was Splinter Cell : Conviction .
That starts with Grimsdottir shooting him .
And then the entire game is a flashback leading up to that moment .
It tells you how you got there and why that 's actually a perfectly rational thing for her to do .
Except there 's also a flashback within the flashback .
Alex : OK , but to me that 's telling a linear story , just not chronologically .
I 'm talking about , in games , you can have the player discover narrative bits in different orders .
Richard : Sure , that 's something that 's more prevalent with open world now .
Yeah , games like The Division .
You still have a lot of short , overlapping stretches of linear narrative .
It 's a question of what order of the player encounters them .
And whether they 're gated by difficulty for the player to only run across some of the easy stuff early on .
Alex :
Do you think that that is more fun for the player ?
Does that create verisimilitude ?
Is that more powerful emotionally ?
Does it immerse the player more ?
Richard :
It certainly gives the player more feeling of authorship of their experience .
If you talk to somebody who 's played a video game , they 're going to say , " I did this . "
Not , " The main character did this . "
And by letting them choose , you 're increasing the amount of authorship that they can have .
They 'll even say , " I did this " on something that 's a roller coaster ride straight rail shooter .
Because they will have a better feeling of ownership of their actions , I think , when they have an open world to play with and they can go in any direction .
Richard Dansky is a veteran game writer and horror novelist .
Among his many novels , is the horrifying tale of a game project that refuses to allow herself to be killed off .
There is a monster in it , but not the one you think .
0 comments Saturday , September 26 , 2020 Richard Dansky , Part One
I met Richard Dansky when he kindly invited me to give a talk at the East Coast Game Conference , down in the wilds of North Carolina where you 're not sure if the " check all weapons " sign at the entrance to the con refers to twelve foot foam swords or firearms .
There was fine dining , and there may possibly have been some drinking of whisky .
I met Richard Dansky when he kindly invited me to give a talk at the East Coast Game Conference , down in the wilds of North Carolina where you 're not sure if the " check all weapons " sign at the entrance to the con refers to twelve foot foam swords or firearms .
There was fine dining , and there may possibly have been some drinking of whisky .
Richard is a seriously veteran game writer , as well as a horror novelist .
This is the first part of my interview with him .
Alex :
You 've worked at Red Storm for 21 years .
That 's some serious sitzfleisch .
You 've worked at Red Storm for 21 years .
That 's some serious Richard :
Well , I ’ve worked with Red Storm , but I 've been essentially an internal freelancer for Ubisoft most of the time .
So I 've been based out of Red Storm , but I 've worked with Toronto , with Massive in Sweden , with Shanghai , with all sorts of studios all over the world .
And so I 've gotten the best of both worlds , the stability of having a home base and the chance to work on different projects and go different places , work with different teams .
Alex :
So does that mean you spend a year in Malmö or that you fly into Malmö and tell them a few things and then fly back or ...
Richard :
It depends .
I did four months of Malmö for The Division 2 .
But generally , I fly in for a couple weeks , get in good with the team , figure out what I need to do , and then go back home and write .
Alex : And as Central Clancy writer , what is it you do in a day ?
Richard :
You know , that 's an excellent question , and if I find out , I 'll tell you .
Alex : I 've had days at work like that .
Richard :
The title " Central Clancy Writer " is kind of an old one .
The role was defined as being a resource for all things Clancy and narrative .
So it could be anything from writing the scripts for a game to serving as a gut check for how Clancy a story was , to saying , No , you ca n't set a mission in Rio de Janeiro because we blew up a parade there in the last game .
Alex :
So you are the lore - brarian , among other things .
Richard :
These days I 'm doing less of that more work on non-Clancy projects .
But for a while , I was the resource .
Alex :
How important is it that everything be as Clancy as possible ?
And what does that mean ?
Richard :
There 's pillars of Tom Clancy 's writing that you want to stick to to make sure the games have that authentic feel .
You want that techno thriller feel .
You want , " It 's tomorrow , it 's not the day after tomorrow . "
You want a clear and present danger and you want the righteous use of force to solve a problem .
Those are the guideposts of the brand .
Alex :
And have you worked a lot with him ?
Richard : He worked closely with Red Storm on the original Rainbow 6 .
After that , he sort of drifted away .
And I did a lot of the original story writing .
Brian Upton came up with Ghost Recon .
J.T. Petty came up with Splinter Cell .
A slew of writers and designers came up with the games that were Tom Clancy , and I shepherded some of those brands through various incarnations storywise .
Alex :
So how do you keep the franchise fresh ?
Or does history do that for you ?
Richard : History does that for us .
The world is so different from when I started working on Clancy games .
I remember walking into the office on the morning of 9/11 and going into my boss 's office and saying , OK , we need to rewrite everything now because the world 's changed .
And it has and it keeps on changing and that provides ... endless opportunities for storytelling .
On the one hand , you wish the world would be a little more peaceable place .
Alex :
Do you know the spec fiction writer Charles Stross ?
Richard : Yes .
Yes .
Alex :
He writes novels about bureaucrats fighting Lovecraftian elder gods .
And he 's been complaining that 2020 just keeps getting ahead of him .
He 's just throwing out shovelfuls of plot that can no longer be put in a spec fiction novel because it's not speculative any more , it 's just real life .
Richard : I 've read The Laundry Files novels and enjoyed them .
Alex : I would think they'd be up your alley .
You also write horror stories .
Richard : Yes .
Alex :
And so is that to stay fresh creatively , to stay sane ?
Richard :
That 's where my voice is as a writer .
I can write video games ecstatically .
And do whatever voices are needed for a game .
But when it 's my own genuine voice , it 's in the horror field .
And so those are the ones where the story wo n't leave me alone until I put it on paper .
Alex :
What are the hardest battles that you fight ?
Richard :
The hardest battles .
In a bunch of different arenas they can be anything from fighting for soft , quiet moments in the story when all everybody wants to do is shooting .
Bang bang pow pow .
They can be fighting for line counts .
They can be fighting for the story .
And holding the story up against real life and seeing whether something really is appropriate for us to make a game out of .
Alex :
When you say fighting for line counts , for more lines or fewer lines ?
Richard : Sometimes for more lines , sometimes for fewer .
When you 're talking about systemic dialog , sometimes less is more .
And people want to have every single possible edge case taken care of , and you 're like , no , we only have so much footprint on a disk .
Alex :
When you say fighting for soft , quiet moments , I think we both know why those are so important .
But how do you articulate that ?
What do you tell people ?
Richard : I tell people that if the volume 's at ten the whole time , then it 's going to turn into white noise .
We need contrast .
You need those human moments to show why the characters are sympathetic , why you should care about what they 're doing as anything other than a walking gun rack .
And to have that change of dramatic pace that allows the story to breathe .
And it works better when you 're dealing with folks who can see the games as a gestalt and see the whole story .
You see every mission at once ; where you get into trouble is when you 're doing one mission at a time or one chapter at a time .
And every chapter has to be the greatest and the best chapter .
Alex : I guess that 's the creative director whose job is to see the whole vision .
Richard :
Which is why I keep mine plentifully supplied with Scotch . --
I did n't mean it , that is not true !
[ Note : For what it ’s worth , Richard has the best single malt Scotch collection I ’ve ever drunk from or even seen . ]
Alex :
As you say , you wrote some of the stories for some of these games .
What goes into deciding what the story of a game should be ?
How do you think about it ?
Richard :
That process has evolved tremendously over the years .
From being told , right , OK , we want a game set here , come up with a plot line , to where we are now , which is brainstorming with creative directors and game directors and thinking about the features that we want to show off ... all these things that were not on my plate when I first started doing this , .
Alex :
Do you think that 's because story has become more important and therefore people really want to be involved in it , whereas previously they did n't care ?
Richard : I think story ’s become more important .
I think people figured out the narrative as a place where we can make big gains without spending huge dollars .
Sorry , cynical there ...
Alex :
No , but that 's a perfectly valid thing .
I mean , there 's only so many polygons you can add .
People are paying 80 bucks , they want everything to be great .
It 's not just the polygon count , not just better AIs , or the tightness of the gameplay .
Everything has to be better .
So that means the stories have to get better .
The characters have to get better .
The acting has to get better .
The character models have to be capable of communicating more .
Richard : Yes , absolutely .
And it 's funny .
When I first started doing the game writers roundtables at GDC , we had this wish list of things we wanted , you know , getting involved in stories sooner , having narrative design taken seriously , all these things that have come true .
You know , the pie in the sky wishlist from those early days is now standard operating procedure .
And that 's good to see it because it makes for a better story and makes for a better player immersion , makes for a better player experience .
0 comments Thursday , September 10 , 2020 Kim Belair , Part Four Alex :
If you have a team of say four or five writers , what specialties would you be looking for ?
What 's your handful of writers ?
Alex :
If you have a team of say four or five writers , what specialties would you be looking for ?
What 's your handful of writers ?
Kim :
I think if I 'm assembling a narrative team , I 'd be looking for diverse experiences .
And I want to make sure that it 's representative of the characters that we have , of the attitudes and ideas and cultures that we want to represent .
Kim : I think if I 'm assembling a narrative team , I 'd be looking for diverse experiences .
And I want to make sure that it 's representative of the characters that we have , of the attitudes and ideas and cultures that we want to represent .
Kim :
There 's this idea that , like , we can cohese around our skill in writing .
Alex : " We 're imaginative , we can write anything ! "
Kim :
But that 's obviously insufficient .
It 's important to me to have someone who can really get the systems and the mechanics working alongside the story , someone whose best form of expression of story is in the country of mechanics .
I worked in the past with a narrative director who is by no means a writer .
But his vision of story was so different from mine and allowed me to see a different perspective and really structure things differently .
Then I always want someone who 's an expert in voice , in punch up , in cleverness on almost everything .
Someone with a good sense of humor .
Even if the game is not funny .
The construction of a joke is very hard to do when it 's a natural dialog .
Someone with a strong sense of place , of worldbuilding , someone who can really give a sense of lore .
I do n't like world bibles .
I 'd rather have people who can get across a sense of the economy of the world .
Then I also want someone who can take on a variety of different kinds of writing and who is really , really adept at it .
Someone who can write a couple hundred lines of barks and enjoy that process .
And who 's going to be able to give quantity while maintaining quality .
…
But I do want someone [ else ] who 's a little bit slower who can think about things .
Overall , team composition for me is just : generosity , collaboration , and free discussion in between people .
I think that if you could assemble a team that has those components , then , you know , one person might have a super full week while the other was supporting them .
And someone else the next week is gonna take the lead .
When the workhorse writer is through and just needs someone to punch it up .
Alex :
Have you worked with videogame narrative editors ?
Kim : I worked with a woman named Paula Rogers .
She 's also the lead writer on Goodbye Volcano High and was also , I think , head of story on Neo Cab .
She has fantastic editing skills .
I think that we do n't use editors enough .
Like we almost wait until QA gets a hold of it .
Working with editors is really , really nice , especially when they 're external and coming in on a project and saying , What do you need ?
What do you not ?
We worked with a script coordinator on Suicide Squad and that is so helpful .
Someone who 's going to make sure that we 're keeping the tone right , that we 're staying consistent with what we 've already said .
Yeah , I would always advocate for editors .
Alex : Kim McCaskill was saying she 's really good at continuity .
Like , waitasecond , the character met that person last week and now she 's saying she met that person two years ago .
Kim :
Yes , exactly .
I know that if I 'm on an open world game and I 'm writing a cinematic and then a year later I 'm writing a bunch of combat barks and one contradicts something I wrote a year ago , there 's no one else to check on that until it hits QA .
And then finally , when we play it , we go , oh , no .
It 's already been recorded .
Alex :
So talking about toxic work environments , which is always fun .
Obviously they suck and nobody should have to deal with them .
What do they do to the game ?
We have this assumption that if it 's toxic , it does n't show up in the game .
But it does it in ways that we can't immediately quantify , even if the game is successful .
Because if I am in a toxic workspace where I do n't feel I can express myself as a woman of color , then when I 'm in a creative meeting and someone says , OK , well , this character is a woman of color , she does this thing .
In an environment where I am being fostered , I might have the courage and the strength to say , hey , I do n't think is a good idea .
Let me explain to you why .
But in an environment that 's toxic , where I have been treated like I do n't matter , where I 've been desolate , where I 've been made to feel small , I 'm not going to say that .
And so even if it's not something offensive , even if it 's not something particularly awful , the reality is that if I had been empowered to say something , we could have had a better game .
That works across the board .
Anyone who is stuck , who is oppressed , is going to be limited in what they can express creatively .
And I think that we do n't pay attention to that , because even with studios , if you have a studio where everyone 's treated super , super well , but the game has like a deeply racist , sexist , homophobia , transphobia , whatever it is , someone at that studio now feels unsafe .
Even if they 're treated well , even if they 're not , you know , being actively harmed or harassed .
There 's this now sense of microaggression .
I was actually in a meeting earlier today talking about a similar thing .
And I was saying that , if you go to a social worker , and they 're really , really fantastic .
And you walk in there and there 's like , , Playboy centerfolds .
And maybe to that person , they 're like , no , I just like the art .
This is not a problem .
But it 's going to set a tone where I 'm not sure if I 'm going to be able to speak to this person without being objectified
So it 's about creating a space where I feel comfortable enough to contribute to the game .
Like there 's so many games that , they might not be offensive , they might not be obviously bad .
But you can tell that no one said , what can we do to represent these people more ?
It 's being additive , and that 's what you lose out on .
Alex :
On we happy few , we had a thing in the story where some of the women in the office said , " thaaat 's a l'il rapey . "
So we changed it .
And it was n't obvious to me , as a guy , how it was rapey ?
Kim :
A lot of the time you will say something like , OK , well , in this scene we 're going to really show how bad sexual assault is .
We want to make sure that it 's evil .
But who are you showing that to ?
Alex :
You 're putting your women players through that .
Kim : Yeah .
Exactly .
This is a thing that she has to think about when she walks home every day .
Alex : OK , so last question , how do you stay sane ?
Kim : Oh .
Who says I do ?
I think that for me , it 's always working with people who I like , which is what Sweet Baby allows .
If I end up on a project where I am encountering a problem , I can still go back to the same group of people who I trust and love .
I 'm kept sane by the people around me .
If I 'm in a meeting where someone treats me with some disrespect , I always have people around me to do a sanity check .
Was I crazy ?
That is the biggest difference from working in a studio : you do n't know .
Alex :
Do you want people to hit you up like , Hey , I love the idea of Sweet Baby , can I get you a sample ?
Kim : Yeah .
Folks are welcome to .
I 'm always looking for , especially , marginalized developers from all disciplines .
Obviously we 're a narrative agency , but we often encounter projects that go , hey , we 're looking for a programmer .
Hey , we 're looking for an artist .
So just having a roster of people who we can offer up is nice .
And frankly , we 're also here for people who need to vent about something .
It might take me longer to answer those emails , but I do want to hear what people are dealing with and help in whatever way I can .
So should people just e-mail you ?
We actually have an email setup for that , talk@sweetbaby.com .
And beyond that , I 'm on Twitter and on everything as @bagelofdeath .
Alex :
So why @bagelofdeath ?
Kim :
When I was 15 or 16 years old , I did a comic and the villain of the comic was threatening the hero with this thing that was going to absolutely kill him .
And he holds up a bagel .
And the protagonist is like , is that just a bagel ?
And he 's like , it 's a Bagel of DEATH .
And he 's like , OK .
And so he takes a bite of it and goes like , are these raisins ?
And he goes " raisins ... of DEATH ! " .
And then he 's like , no , these are just raisins .
And so the villain goes like , wait , these ARE just raisins .
And then the last panel is like a Frenchman in a bistro about to bite into this bagel that 's like glowing green , full of needles , broken glass and scorpions .
Labels : interviews , making games , writing games 0 comments Monday , September 07 , 2020 Kim Belair , Part Three Alex :
How do you explain the importance of what you 're trying to do ?
Kim :
We 're hitting , what , 40 years of video games .
And I think people are starting to ask , why are we making very similar products ?
Why are a lot of our stories not resonating with the younger audiences ?
Why is our audience not growing ?
I like to say that representation is innovation .
I think when people are asking for diverse stories , we 're not asking for the same story with , you know , diverse characters .
Alex :
How do you explain the importance of what you 're trying to do ?
We have to look at story and narrative as one of the things that we can innovate on .
Like when you bring someone in from a different culture , from a different background , from a different gender , they ’re going to create something that we have n't seen before .
The way that we look at demographics is that we go , OK , the majority of our player base is , let 's say , a white male .
So we 're going to make stuff for white males .
But if you make something from the perspective of an Asian trans woman , and it ’s really strong , then it will work for people .
People crave new stories .
If you want to innovate , even to stay current , it 's not about graphics , it 's not about hardware .
It 's about opening up new perspectives for people .
So I explain it as , it ’s important to game development to diversify .
It 's not just part of advocacy or activism .
It is going to make your games better .
Alex :
Also , of course gamers are mostly white guys : you ’re making games for white guys !
Try making games for somebody else , maybe they 'll show up !
There ’s an old story about Harry Cohn , the founder of Columbia Pictures , who everybody hated .
But everybody went to his funeral .
And someone said , “ See ?
Give people what they want , and they ’ll show up . ”
Kim :
The market has always been frustrating to me because we make assumptions based on what we already have instead of what we could have .
A couple of months ago we were talking a lot about player choice in Assassin 's Creed .
People were saying , well , no matter how good this female character is , a majority of players played as a male character .
So therefore people prefer male characters .
And what I had to explain was , no , actually , from a marketing and a psychology perspective , most people are going to choose the gender that they most align with .
It does n’t mean that ’s what they want .
If you are male identified , it 's not that you do n't want to play as a woman .
You 're just going , oh , that one 's for me .
I ’m a guy , I do n’t go to the ladies ’ room .
We look at the success of something like Horizon Zero Dawn , which is a game led by a female character .
If they had made it a choice , most players would have played as a male .
But they did n’t , and it was a huge success .
Alex :
On the flip side , even if you did believe that players will only play their own gender , which obviously I do n’t , well , if 20 percent are playing a woman , you just increased your player base by 25 percent for almost no cost .
Kim :
I think that the majority of the men , if you had Assassin 's Creed starring a woman , they would play it anyway .
Aside from a couple of trolls on Twitter , the odds are they 're gonna go , oh , this is the brand that I like , I 'm going to just play .
Alex : I would add that , not only can you tell more stories with diverse characters , you can explore more worlds .
Our game Contrast was set in a shattered carnival world .
What would it have meant to explore that as a typical 30 - year - old white dude with a beard ?
But an eight - year - old girl and her seven - foot - tall circus girl invisible friend , that opens a door .
What is one of the most interesting narrative systems you have not been able to implement for whatever reason ?
Kim :
We were talking about how your choice of character has a profound effect on your experience .
And I think one of the problems is that we only look at diverse characters in terms of what deficits that creates .
Like if you decide to play a Black guy in Mafia 3 , people are going to call him the N - word .
OK , if I 'm a White guy and I play as a Black man and someone is racist towards me , maybe that builds empathy .
But all it says to me as a Black person , is that this game is n't for me .
I already know that people are racists .
This is not teaching me anything .
This is just making me experience the worst of what I experienced in my life .
Alex :
So for example , other Black characters might code switch ...
Kim : Yeah , and be a little more forthcoming with you .
Alex :
On a project I was on I worked with a Black consultant who asked if we would present Black characters as White people see them , or as they see themselves .
So if I play a Black character , maybe I get a little peek behind the curtain .
Kim :
That would be really , really cool .
Something inviting .
We did a cultural assessment on a game project , and I employed this wonderful Cree woman named Sonia Valentine , and we asked her , what do you see too much of when you see indigenous characters ?
And she said , a lot of ceremonial garb , that is only meant to show non-indigenous people that this character is indigenous .
And she was like , I do n't go around in my daily life wearing ceremonial garb to show people how Cree I am .
And I said , What would you like to see ?
And she said , beads .
She was in the process of making a bead work Superman logo .
She 's a huge DC Comics fan .
And for her , beadwork is part of her culture .
But the way that she uses it is to express who she is .
And if I saw a beadwork Superman logo , I would n't necessarily read it as , oh , yeah , that 's an indigenous character .
But she would .
Alex : Did you watch Mohawk Girls , the TV series , at all ?
Kim :
Not yet , no .
Alex : I think this is in the pilot , one of the characters meets a guy and it immediately becomes an issue of who are his parents , because the Mohawk community is so tightly intermarried , but you 're not allowed to date cousins who are too close to you .
And that 's a problem that someone outside the Mohawk community would n’t necessarily know about .
But Tracey Deer , who ’s Mohawk , who created the show , did know it .
It ’s her reality .
And if you 're Mohawk , maybe you 're like , “ Oh , God , yes , thank you .
Maybe I do n't want to date a white guy for reasons , but how many Mohawk guys are there that I can actually date ? ”
And I thought that was , you know , a look behind the curtain .
Kim :
And that to me is so much more inclusive .
Are you creating a Maori character for people to see that this game has diversity in it , or are you creating them for Maori people to see themselves ?
Alex :
Is there academic theory that you find useful ?
Kim :
My goal on every different project is to lead by lead by emotion and to make people care about what happens in the game .
I do n't necessarily subscribe to a school .
But as a rule , when I draw inspiration , it 's largely from action and blockbuster films .
I use The Fast and the Furious a lot .
I use Mission Impossible rather than dramatic films .
Because we ’re making action products .
My job is to take this action thing and add character and world stories that are emotional , grounded and dramatic .
Like , if I look at Mission Impossible , that movie makes you care about the folks in it .
It 's a lot healthier than if I look at a dramatic film and then try to add gameplay mechanics to that .
Alex :
Have you ever seen Night of the Iguana ?
Elizabeth Taylor ?
1964 ?
Kim : Yes .
Alex : A friend of mine saw that .
And he thought it was Night of the Iguanas , with an ‘s , ’ and he was waiting for the iguanas to show up .
It was a perfect horror movie setup , you know , two people , cabin in the woods .
You develop these great characters and you start to care about them , and then here come the iguanas .
Kim : I want to respect the medium .
I want to be a writer who serves the greater project rather than someone who comes in and goes , I really want to tell this beautiful story , and I 'm going to just cram in gameplay where I have to .
Show me the thing that you 're trying to build and I 'm going to try to bring feeling and love to it .
Labels : interviews , making games , writing games 0 comments Sunday , September 06 , 2020 Kim Belair , part two Alex :
What phase of game development are you in currently ?
What what do you actually do in a given day ?
Alex :
What phase of game development are you in currently ?
What what do you actually do in a given day ?
Kim Belair
Kim :
So at any given time , we 're working on between eight and twelve projects , mostly for clients , some for ourselves .
And the way that I work is every day is a couple projects .
Kim :
So at any given time , we 're working on between eight and twelve projects , mostly for clients , some for ourselves .
And the way that I work is every day is a couple projects .
For example , in the morning , I would log in and talk to the team at Rocksteady when we 're working on Suicide Squad and that would be like a writers room , sit down , talk through a script .
Talk about characters , write scenes or barks or whatever .
And then in the afternoon , now I 'm going to work on Goodbye Volcano High .
I 've got a meeting with KO - OP .
And then I might have a meeting with Square Enix or Panic .
And then I will end the day with a check in with everybody else , OK , what 's tomorrow look like ?
What kind of deadlines do we have coming up ?
What 's the most urgent need ?
Who 's going to do what ?
So every day is a little bit different , but it 's very rare for me at this point to have any full day that I work on one thing .
Alex :
What are the hardest battles you fight ?
Kim : I guess I can talk about this with Rocksteady .
At the beginning , I was like , oh , there 's some information that I 'm missing , because , one , they 're five hours ahead , they 're in London .
But two , they 're in an office together .
So they 're having a lot of conversations I can't be a part of .
But now that most more people are working from home , everything has to be intentional .
So I can be more part of the conversation .
Alex : Lisa remarked to me she is more aware of what 's going on in the company since we started working remotely because absolutely everything 's on Slack .
She does n't have to worry that somebody was in the break room with somebody else and had a conversation and decided something she does n’t even know about .
She just has to read Slack .
Kim :
What really makes me happy about it is that we can now more freely hire people who do n't live in the big cities , who might not be able to afford it , who might have life situations that do n't allow them to work outside the home .
It used to be more like , well , you can either take care of your kids or work .
And obviously there are still immense challenges for any parent or any caregiver , but if there ’s one thing to be grateful for about this terrible pandemic , it 's that it 's allowed people to work in a way that works for them .
Alex :
So do you think that ’s going to help the sort of bro culture that we are sometimes dealing with ?
Kim : I think it is .
I think that a lot of our culture needs to change because it has been , you know , granted to the most privileged people , to people who are creating these boys clubs that are inaccessible to other people .
And , slowly but surely , we 're untangling that .
Both because of the ways that we work and because of the information that we 're now sharing .
Alex :
Now we do n't have , “ We 're all gonna go to the bar and get drunk !
Yeah ! ”
Nobody ’s going to the bar .
I hope .
Kim :
No bar .
And the other thing , the pandemic created a situation where now if you 're a victim of abuse , you no longer have to go into the office and have to avoid certain people .
And I think that and the current push for like Black Lives Matter and equality and social justice , have turned this industry into something that realizes , no , we can be different .
Alex :
Any guesses on where this is going to lead when , at some point in the 2030s , we can actually go back to the office ?
Kim : I do n't want that to happen .
I do n't want to just to be like , OK , pandemic 's done , we have a vaccine , everybody get back to the office .
What I 'd like to see is , OK , let 's look at what worked here .
What part of working from home was helpful ?
Did it improve the lifestyle for some people ?
For so long in games , we 've been told , ‘ No working from home , we can't manage that . ’
And then all of a sudden the pandemic made it clear that we can .
And I hope that we do become more open to saying , oh , this marginalized person from a small town who can't move here , we 're gonna give them a job because it can be done remotely .
Alex :
So how did you get into game writing ?
Your B.A. is in commerce ?
Kim :
Yes , I have a marketing degree .
I ended up getting into games via community development at Ubisoft .
I ’d been doing branding for different companies and a lot of copywriting , for a company called Territorial .
And I was approached to help with media development on Far Cry 4 .
The community developer 's job was to create content based on the world of the game .
So everything from interviews with the developers and podcasts and stuff like that , to in - character interviews and blogs .
I wrote this character called Divya Kandala , and she was a journalist going into the fictional world of Far Cry 4 .
And she eventually interviewed the game 's villain .
And the narrative director , Mark Thompson was like , oh , you should put some of this into the game itself .
And he connected me with the level designers .
And we put in , just tiny details , little notes here and there .
Like one house that had her suitcase in it .
And after that , he asked me , do you want to do this ?
Start doing narrative ?
And Lucien Soulban and Corey May had already encouraged me to get into that .
Honestly , it was something that I had n't really considered as a path .
It was n't necessarily where I saw myself .
I finally made the switch on to Assassin 's Creed syndicate .
And that was my first official writing gig .
And after that , I worked on For Honor and then two canceled projects .
And then I got Brie Code who had left Ubisoft and started her own company , Tru Luv .
[ “ We work with artists , psychologists , game designers and AI programmers to bring life to AI companions . ” ]
She asked me if I wanted to do a little bit of contract work on the side .
And then I started getting people more interested in working with me .
Eventually it got to the point where I knew that Ubisoft was n't going to allow me to just keep working on other stuff .
So I said , OK , I 'm going to go out and try my luck .
Alex :
So they would n’t allow you to work on other stuff if you 're working for them .
But they will hire you if you ’re a company !
Kim : Exactly .
Yes .
Alex :
It ’s funny how just framing it differently makes it OK .
Kim :
It is funny because I have now done more finalized , out - in - the - world writing for Ubisoft not as an employee than I ever did as an employee .
My impact on Assassin 's Creed : Valhalla is greater than my impact on Syndicate or Far Cry or For Honor .
Alex :
How do you find writers for your company ?
What do you look for in a writer ?
How do you judge how good a writer is going to be ?
Because it sounds like the people you 're talking to , they can't say , “ Here 's a stack of AAA games I ’ve shipped . ”
Kim : I do n't look for experience .
I look just for a sample .
I do n't really believe in writing tests .
I want to see , what 's your sensibility ?
I look for basic skills .
Are you a competent and good writer ?
But then I want to sit down in a room and see , are you fun to work with ?
Are you engaging ?
Are you kind ?
Are you funny ?
Because on a game project , I 'm working with you for anywhere between a month and four years .
So I want to really feel like we 're going to vibe .
I can teach you the skills , but I can't teach a really skilled jerk to be a nicer person .
So I 'm looking for a combination of talent and personality that is fun and compassionate .
Alex :
Does the medium of the sample matter ?
Because when I was looking for a writer recently , I would get prose samples sometimes .
And I have a lot of trouble guessing from a prose sample if you can write games .
I can guess from a screenplay sample .
But prose is like , well you know , these are a lot of words and they 're great words and they 're in the right order .
In prose you can do all these things that you ca n’t do in a game or a screenplay .
You can say what people are thinking .
In most adventure games you ’re mostly restricted to what people are saying and doing .
Kim :
Yeah , I skip to dialog a lot when I read prose samples .
One of the games that we 're working on right now , Sable , is a little bit prose -ish .
So those skills do apply .
But more globally , I 'm looking for how are you using the words ?
Is it fun to read ?
Is it taking me on a journey ?
And then I will usually look at the dialog to make sure it 's natural and it's snappy and interesting .
Alex :
But prose dialog is a different beast .
It prose dialog has to make up for not having an actor there who can really think through what this line means and then inhabit that character .
The text has to do all the heavy lifting by itself .
Kim :
Yes , but I think that if you can write a scene in prose that 's really compelling , that translates well enough to a game later .
I used to write almost exclusively prose .
And when I had to do screen writing for games , that process was just , how can I give the dialog a little bit more weight ?
It 's a muscle .
And if I think the person is really talented and willing to learn , engaged and interesting , I 'm always willing to help develop that skill .
Because writing in games means different things on every project .
I ’ve been on projects where writing meant only going over someone else ’s dialog and making it shine .
And I 've also had game projects where , OK , we need you to give us a story on top of these five mechanics that we already have .
So it ’s not just dialog , there 's a huge range of skills needed .
Alex :
And there are games that are all prose .
Mostly indie ones .
Fallen London .
84 Days .
What I look for is voice .
Do you have a voice ?
I ca n’t teach you to find your voice .
I mean I could , but not on the schedule of a video game production .
You have to come to the party with an ability to put yourself in a fictional world .
If you ’re just writing the fictional world , that ’s okay , but I ’m looking for someone who can imagine themself into that world , and come out and show me what it means to them to live in it .
If you have that , I can teach you tips and tricks to develop your voice .
Kim :
We do n't spend enough time on developing that kind of talent .
There ’s a lot of people that we do n't see at first blush .
When I look to women and other marginalized groups , screenplays are not where they begin .
Especially for young writers , short stories and fan fiction is their place to shine .
So I 'm going to try to going to try to bend that by giving them training .
Alex :
You ’re a for - profit Pixelles !
Kim :
Yes , exactly .
And speaking of Pixelles , we have hired a couple of their people .
Back in the day when events existed , we went to at least one showcase a month .
And I read someone 's stuff and I was like , oh , she 's fantastic .
I want her .
And I kept it around for about a year .
And then recently on Goodbye Volcano High , we hired them to write their first game .
And it 's going great so far .
Labels : interviews , making games , writing games 0 comments Thursday , September 03 , 2020 Kim Belair , part one I met Kim Belair , I think , when she was a panelist on an intro game writing panel my wife , Lisa Hunter , set up .
But I would surely have met her one way or the other , at MIGS , or GDC , say ; she is the sort of person you might run into at a café in Malmö or Ulan Bator and not be the least surprised she is there to work on the same project .
She is a writer , narrative designer and co-founder of Sweet Baby Inc , a narrative development company based in Montreal .
In the industry since 2013 , she 's worked with companies including Ubisoft , Rocksteady , Square Enix , KO_OP , Valve , and JuVee Productions to bring games and stories to life .
Beyond narrative work , Kim is an advocate for representation and inclusion , and is currently leading an initiative aimed at supporting , training and empowering marginalized devs .
Alex :
You started your own narrative services company .
Why ?
Kim :
I ’d worked for five years at Ubisoft , and at the time that I left , I had just rolled off a two year project , and I ’d put a lot of time and effort into it , and it ended up getting canceled .
And I started to feel , as you might imagine from everything that 's been revealed lately about Ubisoft , I had a tremendous amount of discomfort with the environment .
I did n't feel there was a place for me move up the ranks .
I just kind of did n't see a lot of people like myself in leadership , either in personality and demographic .
And so I left to go freelance .
And within a couple of months , I got a callback from a company to help with this Afro- Futurist project .
And I said , yeah , I 'm happy to help .
And I asked about the writing team , and it was an entirely white male writing team .
Alex : I am shocked .
Shocked !
Kim :
And I was like , hold on : this is an Afro-Futurist project .
Most of the characters in it are going to be people of color .
And you do n't have any on your team .
And they said , Well , you know , we tried , but everyone we found was too junior , and did n't have the experience .
They basically described systemic racism .
And I was like -- OK , well , maybe what I can do is , if you trust me as a writer , as an experienced designer , maybe I can hire some junior folks , and I ’ll train them .
I 'll get them to the point where you need them to be .
And we can , you know , get a team of people that is diverse and also gets a bunch of people that first videogame credit .
The project ended up falling through for unrelated reasons , just like budget and marketing stuff .
But what I took from that was , OK , if I have a company , I can create a sort of farm team for the games industry .
We can find , you know , young , aspiring , marginalized or junior talent , and I can help them .
And so , Ari MacGillivray and I ended up creating Sweet Baby , just the two of us .
And on one of my contract projects , we worked with David Bédard , who is also former Ubisoft .
And he and I like really , really vibe .
We have a very similar approach to a lot of things .
And it took a couple months for us to kind of figure out what the roles were going to be .
And the next step was just taking on stuff .
And within the first year , we went from two people working on other games , industry jobs and doing a little bit of Sweet Baby stuff on the side , to all three of us now being full time , plus a contract project manager and a team of , I think , between twelve and fifteen contract writers , and designers and consultants , a programmer , artists .
And I think what we 've been able to do is , one , increase our capacity , but also two , create a space where I feel like every day that I go into the office , I work with good people , no matter who the client is .
And at the same time , our moderate success right now has allowed us to do outreach programs .
Like we do free Twine courses for marginalized and aspiring developers .
We try to do portfolio reviews .
We try to do placement .
We try to do scouting .
We try to do everything that uplifts people who deserve a chance in the industry .
So we have a balance of , you know , practical work that is going to pay our bills , and we also have the ways that we give back , which are to me an equal portion of the company .
Alex :
So tell me about teaching people to use Twine .
I wrote a game in Twine called Stories : the Path of Destinies for Spearhead Games .
We had 31 endings .
And kind of my take away from that was , oh , that 's why we do n't make branching stories .
We had to figure out how not to end up with a lot of unused content .
So we figured out a way where you 'd have to play through the game five or six or eight times before you can win .
So at our company [ Compulsion Games ] , we really do n't do narrative branching .
We did n’t for Contrast or We Happy Few , except for two choices at the beginning and end .
For production reasons , because it eats resources like nobody 's business ; but also because it ’s hard to tell a good story when you do n’t know the ending .
So , why teach Twine ?
Kim :
What I learned from Twine was , what 's daunting for a lot of aspiring developers is , they look at these finished products and they have no idea how it got to get how it got there .
They look at what a video game is and they see , you know , Gears of War .
They see a Red Dead , an Assassin 's Creed .
It ’s so very big and it seems so nebulous and challenging .
And so a lot of people just kind of get discouraged .
And I think the struggle for a lot of aspiring developers is that , if they 're artists , if they 're programmers , or writers , whatever it is , a lot of the time they can only make a small part of something .
And so what Twine allows is for them to create something that 's finished .
Something that , when they put it out there , is complete .
And they can put that on Twitter and someone can see them .
Like just before I spoke to you , I was speaking to this 21 year old woman and she tried Twine , she made something and she ended up putting it on the forums for Blaseball .
And my colleague David [ Bédard ] read it , brought it to me and was like , this person 's really great .
So I had a meeting with her because I 'm absolutely going to hire her for one of our projects .
And that came from being able to see , not only is her writing good , but she has a sense of design .
She has a sense of how to tell a story , how to engage a player .
And now I want her to do that for us .
Because if you put out just a short story , you might say , yeah , you 're really good at writing , but do you have the fundamentals of design ?
And it 's just a boost to your portfolio to be able to take me on a little adventure .
We actually hired this wonderful lead writer from Eidos Montreal to teach us the foundations of Twine .
Basically to teach us , here ’s the quick way to do what you ’ve been doing the long way around .
Labels : interviews , making games , writing games 0 comments Friday , August 28 , 2020 Kim MacAskill , Part Three
How does game dialog have to be different from , say , TV or film dialog , in order to make up for the less - than - fully - expressive animated game character ?
What do you have to watch out for ?
Kim :
This is something I ’ve been thinking about myself .
We were trying to be funny .
And if the animation does n’t completely match the final voice recording , it can throw everything off .
You ca n’t pull off a gag if things are splintered .
Alex :
So you ’re animating to placeholder voice ?
Kim : Yes .
Alex : Oh God.
Kim : I think a lot of other studios do as well .
Yes , well , we ’re working with a placeholder actor for two or three years , and then we cast someone like Mark Hamill to play the Joker .
How are we going to match that up ?
After that , we asked permission to start showing the animations to the actors .
Because beforehand the actor has no idea what their character even looks like .
So we started showing them concept art .
I do think it helps .
But the studio does n’t like to have materials lying around some studio in LA .
[ Ed. note :
If you possibly can record early enough so the animators can animate to the final voice recording . ]
Alex :
What is one of the most interesting narrative systems that you were n’t able to implement ?
Kim : Interruption systems ?
Alex :
So an NPC ’s talking to me , and I punch them in the face , how does the game handle that interruption ?
Kim : Right , he ’s going to have to repeat some lines , but it ’s difficult to get those lines to sound natural coming after the interruption .
Say a character is telling a story , and then combat interrupts you .
Do you just repeat the line they were in the middle of ?
Do they say , “ As I was saying , ” or “ Now that that ’s done … ”
We asked for a tool to implement that .
But it was hard , and I do n’t think that we really smashed it , because if you ’ve got the exact same delivery of the line , it does n’t sound entirely natural .
We tried a number of different things but it never came out quite right .
Some NPC will be saying , “ As I was saying , ” and then suddenly they ’re shouting , which was where they left off .
“ As I was saying , THAT WAS THE BEST PARTY I EVER WENT TO !! ”
Alex :
Let ’s talk about the pros and cons of different narrative delivery systems .
What are you best at ?
What are the hardest to use in games ?
What do you enjoy writing the most ?
Kim :
Well do n’t get me wrong , a good cinematic is always fun .
You ’ve got the character to that stage , and I ’m going to destroy all the players with this , it ’s gonna be great !
Yes , that ’s amazing .
But I think reactive dialog , dialog reacting to the player ’s .
For example , the game would n’t allow punching children .
There ’s no mechanic for punching children in the game .
But what I can do is give the player character some sort of reaction line that takes the piss out of the player , like , if they try to punch a child , “ What is wrong with you ?
This is n’t who we are . ”
Alex : Especially when your player character is a conflicted character like Harley Quinn .
Kim :
One of the things I really wanted to do , I do n’t know if this went ahead , but every time a player tries to get a closeup of her arse , I just wanted the game to address it .
Like , she farts .
I like to think , what are the players going to do ?
Well they ’re probably going to try to sexualize her .
What can I write that will make fun of the player for doing that ?
Alex :
In a writing team , what specialties do you need ?
Kim :
On our writing team , we had a writer who was very good at forecasting what sort of dialog we ’d need .
Planning .
I think my speciality is I was able to spot continuity issues .
Some people are funny .
Some are literate in writing tools .
Alex :
Oh , sure .
Some people have read more novels .
I ’ve probably read more history than is really useful or healthy , and I ’m a font of useless trivia about the past , a lot of which made it into We Happy Few .
The person we just brought in is more of a narrative designer than Lisa or myself .
Alex :
Is there a difference between the org structure and who ’s really in charge of what ?
What have you learned to watch out for ?
Kim :
I think the moment you do n’t listen to someone that the org chart says you do n't have to listen to , you ’re doing the game a disservice .
All feedback is coming from a place of truth .
It may not be the right truth .
Alex : Neil Gaiman says that all feedback is true , it ’s just the solutions people offer that are usually wrong .
You ’ve recently blown the whistle on a pattern of harassment of women at Rocksteady .
Obviously it ’s horrible to work in a toxic work environment .
How do toxic work environments affect the stories that are told ?
The work that is done ?
Kim :
You wind up with bad representations of characters .
Silly things .
There was a character who was wearing a dress , but she ’s got a gun holster on her leg .
Or there ’s a piece of art that says that a character moved here five years ago , but the story is they just moved here .
What happens is people are n’t talking or listening to each other .
Alex :
So how do you stay sane ?
Kim : Alcohol helps .
( Laughs ) .
I think it ’s important to have someone you can talk to .
You can find yourself wondering , “ Am I okay ? ”
It helps just to have someone resonate and understand , someone who can say , “ you ’re not alone , I ’ve experienced that too . ”
You do form a family .
Kim : Alcohol helps .
( Laughs ) .
I think it ’s important to have someone you can talk to .
You can find yourself wondering , “ Am I okay ? ”
It helps just to have someone resonate and understand , someone who can say , “ you ’re not alone , I ’ve experienced that too . ”
You do form a family .
Labels : games , making games , writing games 0 comments Thursday , August 27 , 2020 Kim MacAskill , Part Two Alex :
What misconceptions did you have coming into game development ?
Kim :
I suppose the biggest was thinking I was just going to write a script , just write some dialog .
I had no idea how much humble pie I was about to eat .
I like to say my first language is Scottish , my second is English , and my third is gaming . .
I remember my first meeting , sitting down with designers -- there ’s a whole language of design terminology .
Kim : I suppose the biggest was thinking I was just going to write a script , just write some dialog .
I had no idea how much humble pie I was about to eat .
I like to say my first language is Scottish , my second is English , and my third is gaming . .
I remember my first meeting , sitting down with designers -- there ’s a whole language of design terminology .
And then there was trying to get my brain used to limitations and constraints .
And I think , anyone who ’s going down this path , please read up on design .
I thought I was just going to tell a story , I did n’t think I was going to help design a game .
I mean , I tried reading books —
Alex : -- What books ?
Kim : One I read was The Game Narrative Toolbox .
Alex :
Oh , yes , my friend Ann Lemay is one of the writers on that .
Kim :
It was really useful , really breaking it down , you know , this is what a “ mechanic ” is , this is what a “ level ” consists of .
At the same time , I recently gave a talk for the writer ’s guild , that while that book was so useful to me , the terminology gets used completely differently from company to company .
So someone ’s idea of a “ bark ” could be totally different .
Alex :
When we hire new people , we right away have to clarify what they mean by , for example , a “ level ” or an “ encounter ” because we might use a word differently than , say , Ubisoft .
Kim :
It took me until I was at a second studio to realize that my huge imposter syndrome coming from TV was completely unnecessary .
Every studio is starting from scratch , and how they ’re designing it , and how they ’re describing how they ’re designing it , are different .
I thought , I ’m not getting it , I ’m going to get caught out , and it took me a couple of games to realize that if I ’m not understanding , it ’s not because I do n’t deserve to be there , it ’s because from studio to studio , words get used differently .
Alex :
Have you been involved in hiring other writers ?
Kim : Absolutely .
Especially at Rocksteady , because we did n’t have a lead for the longest time , so I was hiring for my boss .
You put out the call , and you immediately get a heap of CVs .
Recruitment filters them , and then as a team we go through every CV ; every member of the writing team has a say .
We shortlist , send out the writing test , and give them a week .
Meanwhile new CVs are coming in .
It ’s difficult because when you ’re in game development your time is precious .
To even make time for an interview , that ’s like an hour out of your working day .
You do n’t have 10 - 15 hours free to schedule interviews .
Alex : The Catch - 22 of hiring : when you desperately need to find someone to take some of the work off your hands , you do n’t have any free time available to find someone .
Kim :
And then the second round is even harder because that ’s when we ’re taking them to the Creative Director , and his time is even more precious .
You could be waiting a month and a half for him to find the time to talk to someone .
Alex :
So what do you look for in a writing applicant ?
Kim :
Most of the samples I was getting were twelve pages , sixteen pages . ?
If I do n’t like your writing by page eight , I ’m not going to want to read another twenty .
Try to grab me by page one .
[ Ed. note : Kim ’s writing sample , grabs you on page one . ]
Alex :
There ’s an old story about Frank Capra , the comedy director of the 30’s .
He hires this famous comic playwright to write a screenplay for him .
And after a month or so , the first act comes in , and it ’s this achingly well observed act showing that this couple ’s marriage has deteriorated .
And Capra says , this is what we ’re going to do .
The guy gets in an elevator with his wife .
Leaves his hat on .
Next floor , a pretty girl gets on .
He takes his hat off .
That tells you what you need to know !
You can start the story now .
Kim :
That sample I was telling you about , with Harley Quinn , I wrote that in five pages , and I was trying to write it as short and punchy as possible .
I need someone who from the get - go can sell me a character : what they sound like , what they ’re about .
And it has to serve the story ; it ’s not there to serve your cute lines .
So : someone who has an understanding of how a scene is structured , and who gets the voices to pop out , so I can hear them in my head as I ’m reading .
If I ’m not hearing the voice in my head , there ’s a problem .
Why are my eyes are drifting away ?
Alex :
It ’s interesting that you ’re getting long samples , because when I was looking for someone , the samples tended to be really short , and not have any drama in them .
My brief was , “ Writing sample , 3 - 5 pages , two - hander , dramatic conflict . ”
[ That means that each character wants something from the other , and they use words to try and get it , and by the end of the scene , either they get it , or it ’s clear they ’re not going to get it . ]
And the number of people who did n’t have a dramatic sample !
They had a couple of pages that told me everything I needed to know to go on a heist , and I ’m like , “ Okay , you have informed me of everything I need to know to play the level , thank you , but you do n’t have any people in here . ”
Kim : Right , the samples tend to give away the background of the writer .
I ’d give them a dramatic theme in the brief , and the die hard game writers would put in an objective that I did n’t even give them , but they do n’t put in the drama all the time .
Alex :
How do you explain the importance of what you ’re doing to people who do n’t necessarily understand storytelling ?
Kim :
My job is to allow people to connect with characters who are a vessel used to explore moral dilemmas , societal dilemmas , to get people to engage with that , so hopefully they can see things differently .
Even for example God of War , I have no idea what it ’s like to be a single Dad .
Stories help people grow .
Alex : I have a theory that there are structures in the brain that interpret everything as a story .
If someone tells you a story , you remember it a whole lot better than if someone just tells you a bunch of facts .
You know how there ’s a Broca ’s region in the brain that allows you to interpret language , and if you do n’t have that , or it ’s damaged , you ca n’t interpret language ?
I think there ’s also a storytelling and story - interpreting structure , hardwired in the brain .
We interpret the world through stories .
And tragically , that ’s why it ’s so hard to get people to confront , say , science , because a good story comes across more powerfully than a bunch of data .
Labels : game , making games , videogames , writing games 0 comments Wednesday , August 26 , 2020 Kim MacAskill Interview , Part One I ’m thinking about a third writing book , this one about game writing .
I had a strange trajectory in game writing where my second job ever was Narrative Director of Contrast .
So I did n’t come up through the game writing ranks ; I came up through the TV and film writing ranks .
I thought about titling my book CRAFTY GAME WRITING : I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I’M DOING BUT PEOPLE SEEM TO LIKE IT .
But instead I decided to do a bunch of interviews with skilled writers I like and respect .
I met Kim MacAskill ( Twitter : @kimmacaskill1 ) at a game writing summit for first party Microsoft Studios companies .
She started in games as Senior Scriptwriter at Rocksteady ; when I met her , she was Senior Scriptwriter at Playground Games .
She has since returned to her native Glasgow as Principal Narrative Designer at NaturalMotion .
So please kindly read all of her responses in a Scottish accent .
I met Kim MacAskill ( Twitter : @kimmacaskill1 ) at a game writing summit for first party Microsoft Studios companies .
She started in games as Senior Scriptwriter at Rocksteady ; when I met her , she was Senior Scriptwriter at Playground Games .
She has since returned to her native Glasgow as Principal Narrative Designer at NaturalMotion .
So please kindly read all of her responses in a Scottish accent .
Alex :
So , what phase of game development are you in currently ?
What do you do in a typical day ?
Kim : I ’m in a strange place in between the ending of one game and the beginning of the other .
Really we ’re in pre-production on one game , and tying up the end of another .
What do I do ?
It really does vary .
I ’m not writing every single day .
Most days it ’s creating a high level presentations where I think we should go .
As you know in game development there ’s a lot of presenting .
There are a lot of moving parts to a game .
Often we have to scale back on the narrative aspect of a feature for easier design and coding .
So I ’m negotiating on that .
I really only spend about one day a week writing dialog , if I ’m lucky .
Alex :
And the tying up of loose ends ?
Kim :
Oh , I ’ll get a ping from someone , oh , UI needs this , can you tie this up ?
[ UI is the user interface – what buttons do what . ]
There are last minute design decisions which need narrative support .
Alex :
Have you ever heard of The Writer Will Do Something ?
It ’s a Twine game about a bunch of game devs handing off all their design mistakes to the writer .
Something ’s broken ?
The writer will do something .
Kim ( laughing ) : Oh , my God , that sounds like the best game .
It sounds like therapy .
Alex : Yeah , therapy or horror , I ’m not sure which .
Kim :
Like you ’ll get the designers saying , “ Oh , this gun works under water , ” and then there ’s the question , well , why does the gun work underwater ? ”
And , “ Oh , the writers will fix it . ”
Alex : Yeah , if you ’ve designed the level properly , the player character does n’t need to say much , but if you have n’t , then you have the player character saying , “ Oh , I bet there ’s a trapdoor somewhere around here . ”
What are the hardest battles you fight ?
Kim :
My own preciousness .
Sometimes they want to cut a design feature and there ’s an impact on story flow .
Or we have to cut something , and you have to ask yourself , am I upset because cutting this is not the best thing for the game , or am I just tired ?
I try not to be precious .
Everything is discardable .
You have to realize , when people change your story , they ’re not necessarily ruining your story .
Alex :
So you never find yourself going , okay , this is going to absolutely break the story ?
Kim : Oh , absolutely .
But when there are so many moving pieces at a time , it ’s kind of choosing your battles .
Sometimes , okay , that ’s going to wreck that scene , and that ’s going to wreck the story , and you sit down with yourself and go , Okay , is this when I fight the battle ?
Or , is this the day when I push back .
It can be hard , because when you ’re so invested in your story , you have to ask , have they actually killed the story dead , or is it recoverable , or can I even make it better ?
It ’s a constant compromise .
Really living and breathing your characters and caring about them and then someone telling you that you ca n’t tell the story that you intended .
But am I really annoyed , or am I just tired ?
It ’s a constant self - mental - assessment .
Alex :
How did you get into game writing ?
Kim : Total mistake , I think .
It was because of the instability of the TV industry .
You know this , when you have work , it ’s great ; when you do n’t , you ’re like , “ When ’s my next contract gonna be ? ”
Contracts are anywhere from three months to a year , so you ’re constantly always trying to find your next meal .
I was always a big , big comic book fan .
I loved Batman .
And I played games as well .
And I saw that Rocksteady were looking for a senior scriptwriter .
And I think at this time , I was sending out about 20 CV ’s a day to anyone who would listen .
I was just putting everything out everywhere , I was applying to Nickelodeon for a shitty TV show .
And I was really surprised when Rocksteady got back to me .
And I told them , I ’ve written for film , I ’ve written for TV , I ’ve even written for wrestling , but I ’ve never written a game .
But they did n’t necessarily need a game writer , they needed someone with a bit more experience creating strong narratives .
And I came from a comedy background , that was useful given that we were writing for Suicide Squad .
So they were happy to teach me about game writing as I brought things from my other skill set .
And they asked me to do a writing test .
And that was , Harley Quinn , Penguin and Deathstroke wake up in a room .
They have no memory of how they got there .
How do they use their strengths and weaknesses to get out ?
But from then to actually being employed was like three months .
You know , in TV , it ’s very fast .
“ I need a script editor , you ’re a script editor , okay , here ’s your money . ”
Recruitment in games can be a six month process from applying to actually arriving at the studio .
Alex : Yeah , back when I was in TV I got a call , “ How would you like to write on a TV show in South Africa for four months ? ” “ Interesting .
When ? ”
“ You fly Tuesday . ”
And it was Thursday .
So this is a question that I think no one else will be able to answer for me : what lessons did you take away from writing for wrestling ?
What ’s it like ?
Kim :
It ’s like a soap drama .
This one ’s going to betray , that one ’s going to go away for a long long time and suddenly appear out of nowhere .
Someone 's having an affair , all kinds of twists and turns .
That could be a soap drama .
Maybe realism is more of a factor for soaps .
But it ’s the same sort of , we need the drama and we need it now .
You ca n’t really go too long without something melodramatic happening .
Alex :
My wife Lisa was once up for a gig at the WWF , but she did n’t want to move to Connecticut .
I ’ve always felt that was a missed opportunity .
Kim :
It ’s really fun .
There are all sorts of people writing for wrestling .
There was a writer from Family Guy .
Alex :
But were there any lessons …
Kim :
If I ’m gonna be honest , no .
I suppose the one thing I ’m going to bring out is how are you going to embed heaps of combat in a story while making it engaging ?
How am I going to build important dramatic beats , and build relationships .
It ’s all very well and good telling a love story , but you still have to have people fighting each other .
Alex : Lisa has a theory that opera and kung fu movies are basically the same thing , you know , a bit of story , then there ’s a fight , or an aria , then a bit more story , and a fight , or someone sings .
“ Two brothers separated at birth .
One ’s a cop , one ’s a killer , and they ’re in love with the same woman ! ”
Is that a kung fu plot , or a Verdi opera ?
So I suppose it ’s the same with wrestling .
More MacAskill Soon !
Labels : games , making games , writing games 0 comments Sunday , May 24 , 2020 Outlines ?
Whenever you start the heavy writing of your story , do you ever step off the outline you made ?
i'm currently writing a short story and as i write it i'm forming the story further and further in my head even though i've already wrote it all out .
it almost makes it feel like the outline is useless .
i mean yeah , it helped me get all my thoughts down into paper and it assisted me in putting the story in the right track but it makes me feel like i'm missing something crucial in writing .
like a key point or backbone to keep this from happening .
i do n't wanna change the entire story or rewrite it fifty times , you know ?
i'm proud of the product i have and i feel like changing it all is going to mess it up .
am i doing something wrong ?
is there anything you 've done to combat this ?
Field Marshall von Moltke , who defeated Napoleon at Waterloo , said , " No battle plan survives contact with the enemy . "
When you get to writing , you discover where the holes in your outline are .
You may discover holes that can be fixed with a little surgery .
You may discover structural mistakes .
You may realize you 've started the story too late , or too early .
You may discover you can merge two characters , or you really need someone for the protagonist to talk to .
( I worked on the We Happy Few Victoria DLC for 18 months before I realized that . )
An outline is not a blueprint for a building .
It 's a chord progression for jazz .
If you think of something better than what 's in your outline , do that .
Many mistakes ( & opportunities ) do n't reveal themselves till you 're writing pages .
That 's not to say do n't outline !
( Another general , Dwight D. Eisenhower : " Plans are useless .
Planning is essential . " )
If you just start writing pages , it 's much too easy to get lost in the woods .
When you * do n't * know what else to do , write what 's in the outline .
One of the strengths of an outline is that it will get you through the points where you decide your whole idea sucks .
You can just power through based on your outline , and read the thing later and see if it really does suck or if you were just second - guessing yourself .
However , we all go to pages too quickly .
In CRAFTY SCREENWRITING , I say , pitch your story over and over , to anyone who will listen , before writing anything down .
Stories get better every time you tell them .
It is nerve - wracking to do this .
But it exposes many of the flaws in your story .
It also provokes better ideas than what you have .
There 's nothing like seeing your listener sort of drift off , and come up on the spot with something sticky that pulls them back in .
Again : tell your story again and again before you write it down .
If this is too scary , write it down and then tell it without looking at what you wrote down .
Nothing surfaces a logic flaw more effectively than when you can't remember what comes next .
If you repeatedly find big mistakes in your outlines when you sit down to write pages , maybe try thrashing them out more before committing them to the page .
Also : even when you 've gone to pages , sometimes it 's a good idea to go back to index cards .
Many , many times I 've started a rewrite by writing down the beats in the script I 've already written .
It 's much easier to see the whole story when you 've got 40 - 60 index cards on the kitchen table than when you 've got a pages and pages of script .
It 's easy to move the beats around .
It 's easy to add beats .
It 's easy to throw out beats .
But , as always : whatever works for you .
There is no one way to get to a polished draft .
If sticking dogmatically to your outline helps , do that , then rewrite .
If writing an outline , then throwing it away , and writing pages from memory works , do that .
Does that help ?
Field Marshall von Moltke , who defeated Napoleon at Waterloo , said , " No battle plan survives contact with the enemy . "
When you get to writing , you discover where the holes in your outline are .
You may discover holes that can be fixed with a little surgery .
You may discover structural mistakes .
You may realize you 've started the story too late , or too early .
You may discover you can merge two characters , or you really need someone for the protagonist to talk to .
( I worked on the We Happy Few Victoria DLC for 18 months before I realized that . )
An outline is not a blueprint for a building .
It 's a chord progression for jazz .
If you think of something better than what 's in your outline , do that .
Many mistakes ( & opportunities ) do n't reveal themselves till you 're writing pages .
That 's not to say do n't outline !
( Another general , Dwight D. Eisenhower : " Plans are useless .
Planning is essential . " )
If you just start writing pages , it 's much too easy to get lost in the woods .
When you * do n't * know what else to do , write what 's in the outline .
One of the strengths of an outline is that it will get you through the points where you decide your whole idea sucks .
You can just power through based on your outline , and read the thing later and see if it really does suck or if you were just second - guessing yourself .
However , we all go to pages too quickly .
In CRAFTY SCREENWRITING , I say , pitch your story over and over , to anyone who will listen , before writing anything down .
Stories get better every time you tell them .
It isto do this .
But it exposes many of the flaws in your story .
It also provokes better ideas than what you have .
There 's nothing like seeing your listener sort of drift off , and come up on the spot with something sticky that pulls them back in .
Again : tell your story again and againyou write it down .
If this is too scary , write it down and then tell it without looking at what you wrote down .
Nothing surfaces a logic flaw more effectively than when you can't remember what comes next .
If you repeatedly find big mistakes in your outlines when you sit down to write pages , maybe try thrashing them out more before committing them to the page .
Also : even when you 've gone to pages , sometimes it 's a good idea to go back to index cards .
Many , many times I 've started a rewrite by writing down the beats in the script I 've already written .
It 's much easier to see the whole story when you 've got 40 - 60 index cards on the kitchen table than when you 've got a pages and pages of script .
It 's easy to move the beats around .
It 's easy to add beats .
It 's easy to throw out beats .
But , as always : whatever works for you .
There is no one way to get to a polished draft .
If sticking dogmatically to your outline helps , do that , then rewrite .
If writing an outline , then throwing it away , and writing pages from memory works , do that .
Does that help ?
0 comments Thursday , April 09 , 2020 Tell , Do n't Show
It is often good advice ; I 've given it lots of times as feedback .
It 's not always good advice .
Sometimes it is far more effective to tell than to show .
For example , in JAWS , Quint tells the story of the sinking of the Indianapolis :
... Eleven hundred men went into the water .
Vessel went down in twelve minutes .
Did n't see the first shark for about a half an hour .
Tiger .
Thirteen footer .
You know how you know that when you 're in the water , chief ?
You tell by lookin ' from the dorsal to the tail .
What we did n't know ... was our bomb mission had been so secret , no distress signal had been sent .
Huh huh .
They did n't even list us overdue for a week .
Very first light , chief .
The sharks come cruisin ' .
So we formed ourselves into tight groups .
You know it 's ... kinda like ol ' squares in battle like a , you see on a calendar , like the battle of Waterloo .
And the idea was , the shark comes to the nearest man and that man , he'd start poundin ' and hollerin ' and screamin ' and sometimes the shark would go away .
Sometimes he would n't go away .
Sometimes that shark , he looks right into you .
Right into your eyes .
You know the thing about a shark , he 's got ... lifeless eyes , black eyes , like a doll 's eye .
When he comes at ya , does n't seem to be livin ' .
Until he bites ya and those black eyes roll over white .
And then , ah then you hear that terrible high pitch screamin ' and the ocean turns red and spite of all the poundin ' and the hollerin ' they all come in and rip you to pieces .
Y 'know by the end of that first dawn , lost a hundred men !
I do n't know how many sharks , maybe a thousand !
I do n't know how many men , they averaged six an hour .
On Thursday mornin ' chief , I bumped into a friend of mine , Herbie Robinson from Cleveland .
Baseball player , boson 's mate .
I thought he was asleep , reached over to wake him up .
Bobbed up and down in the water , just like a kinda top .
Up ended .
He 'd been bitten in half below the waist .
Noon the fifth day , Mr. Hooper , a Lockheed Ventura saw us .
He 's a young pilot , a lot younger than Mr. Hooper , anyway he saw us and come in low .
And three hours later a big fat PBY comes down and start to pick us up .
You know that was the time I was most frightened ?
Waitin ' for my turn .
I 'll never put on a lifejacket again .
So , eleven hundred men went in the water , three hundred and sixteen men come out , the sharks took the rest , June the 29 , 1945 .
Anyway , we delivered the bomb .
There are a bunch of reasons why you would n't want to , and could n't , show this .
For one thing , sheer scope .
JAWS was shot on a budget .
Shooting a couple hundred guys in the water would be a massive endeavor .
Second , passage of time .
Part of the horror of this story is imagining being stuck in the water for days and nights and days , not knowing if help was coming , not knowing if you were next .
Film , in particular , is rubbish at communicating things changing over a period of time .
You can show shadows moving .
You can show seasons .
You can show pages flying off a calendar ( but who still has a calendar ? ) .
But how do you fast - forward on hundreds of guys in the water for a couple of days ?
A series of dissolves ?
Ugh .
Third , number .
Stalin said , " One death is a tragedy .
A million is a statistic . "
( He murdered millions of people . )
If you tried to show hundreds of deaths , all you 'd do is inoculate the audience against feeling anything about the next person to die .
Fourth , extreme graphic violence .
Except in a gore horror film , the audience generally does not want to see someone bitten in half .
Rather than being horrified , a lot of people would feel nauseous .
Fifth , attitude .
The point of the story is not that sharks eat people .
We knew that .
The point of the story is that Quint fucking hates sharks .
So , Spielberg and writers Benchley and Gottlieb have Quint tell the story .
It 's a hell of a speech .
So , yeah , sure , it is often much better to show than to tell .
It 's fair to say that before you give a character a big ole chunk of exposition to tell , you should consider how to show the same information .
Expository dialog , like readables in games , can become a crutch .
But do n't be afraid to have a character tell a story : if it 's too big , or takes place over too much time , or is something so over the top the audience would really rather you did n't show them .
Or if the point of the story is what it means to the story teller .
One of the classic bits of advice for writers in different media is " show , do n't tell . "
Do n't say the guy 's rich and generous ; have him flip a $ 20 to the delivery guy .
It is often good advice ; I 've given it lots of times as feedback .
It 's notgood advice .
Sometimes it is far more effective to tell than to show .
For example , in JAWS , Quint tells the story of the sinking of the There are a bunch of reasons why you would n't want to , and could n't , show this .
For one thing , sheer scope .
JAWS was shot on a budget .
Shooting a couple hundred guys in the water would be a massive endeavor .
Second , passage of time .
Part of the horror of this story is imagining being stuck in the water for days and nights and days , not knowing if help was coming , not knowing if you were next .
Film , in particular , is rubbish at communicating things changing over a period of time .
You can show shadows moving .
You can show seasons .
You can show pages flying off a calendar ( but who still has a calendar ? ) .
But how do you fast - forward on hundreds of guys in the water for a couple of days ?
A series of dissolves ?
Ugh .
Third , number .
Stalin said , " One death is a tragedy .
A million is a statistic . "
( He murdered millions of people . )
If you tried to show hundreds of deaths , all you 'd do is inoculate the audience against feeling anything about the next person to die .
Fourth , extreme graphic violence .
Except in a gore horror film , the audience generally does not want to see someone bitten in half .
Rather than being horrified , a lot of people would feel nauseous .
Fifth , attitude .
The point of the story is not that sharks eat people .
We knew that .
The point of the story is that Quint fucking hates sharks .
So , Spielberg and writers Benchley and Gottlieb have Quint tell the story .
It 's a hell of a speech .
So , yeah , sure , it is often much better to show than to tell .
It 's fair to say that before you give a character a big ole chunk of exposition to tell , you should consider how to show the same information .
Expository dialog , like readables in games , can become a crutch .
But do n't be afraid to have a character tell a story : if it 's too big , or takes place over too much time , or is something so over the top the audience would really rather you did n't show them .
Or if the point of the story is what it means to the story teller .
2 comments Sunday , March 29 , 2020 Satisfying Mysteries
There are two kinds of satisfying mysteries in fiction .
One is the mystery which is meant to be completely revealed .
This is often a whodunnit , à la KNIVES OUT , MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS , CSI , etc. , in which the revealing is an actual scene where someone explains .
It could also be a story in which it is pretty clear by the end what the storyteller means to be the truth , whether the hero figures it out or not .
E.g. " Is Deckard a replicant ? " in the director 's cut of BLADE RUNNER ( but not , thankfully , in the theatrical cut ) .
Or , " did Quaid ever go to Mars at all ? " in TOTAL RECALL .
Then there are mysteries meant to be enjoyed as mysteries .
At the end of a story , we 're left with a question that is meant to be left unanswered .
It could be something as simple as " what happened to the blonde ? " in L'AVVENTURA or " what happened to the missing girls ? " in PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK .
What makes a mystery satisfying ?
And what does it have to do with cognitive science ?
The human brain is a powerful pattern - matching computer , so powerful that the biggest computers are only now nibbling around at the edges of human capacity .
People can identify a dog by eye in dappled shade , no matter the breed , no matter the haircut .
I remember going to a dog park in Venice Beach , seeing a dog for about five seconds , and realizing , " that 's not a dog , that 's a wolf . "
There was just a wildness in how it moved .
Just a whiff of danger .
( It was indeed a wolf . )
Possibly we could train a computer to distinguish a dog from a wolf these days , but it would be a project costing north of $ 20 M , I 'd guess , and it would still tell you half the time that you 're looking at a hat .
Meanwhile , the brain is identifying patterns constantly , everywhere , trying to questions from " is that silk ? " to " does she really love me , or does she just love having a boyfriend ? "
The brain tries to make stories out of things that happen .
Stories are how we make sense of the world .
When we are trying to figure out what we need to do next , we try to figure out what story we 're in .
Should I flee to the country to avoid the plague ?
Well , it depends .
Would I be in The Decameron , in which case , yeah , go ! , or would I find myself in The Masque of the Red Death ?
The brain is so hungry to match make stories out of things that happen around it that it is driven to make stories even when the events are completely random or have nothing to do with each other .
A large part of the gambling industry lives off people who see patterns in the random roll of the dice .
Overmatching is why cops will pick up a suspect , and then ignore evidence that they 're not the perpetrator : they 'd rather have a story than no story .
Overmatching is what scientists fight against every day , trying to make sure they 're not seeing a pattern that is n't there .
Paranoia is what we call it when someone thinks that everything around them is about them .
That guy is n't just walking in the same direction I am -- he 's following me !
The brain evolved to over - interpret clues in the environment because it was adaptive .
If you over - interpret some movement in the tall grass , or a sudden cessation of the birds calling , as a possible tiger , the penalty for being wrong is a few minutes .
If you do that twenty times , it 's still just a little bit of going out of your way .
If you under - interpret a tiger to be just the wind on the grass even once , you 're dinner .
What does this have to do with satisfying mysteries ?
Most fiction tells us explicitly what we are meant to know .
If you are fortunate enough to have an editor for your novel , many of her comments will be , " this is confusing , please make clearer . "
Video game development involves a great deal of making as clear as possible to the player how they are meant to interpret the world .
We highlight interactable objects .
We put health bars over enemies .
But sometimes we put a mystery in there .
We carefully build story events that raise a question for the audience to answer for themselves .
These could be philosophical questions .
Is Don Quixote a delusional idiot , or is his struggle against a world lacking romance a meaningful one ?
In FRANKENSTEIN , who is the monster ?
They could be questions of what to make of someone .
The unreliable narrator , staple of 20th century novels , gives you an interpretation of events that you , the audience or player , are free to interpret another way .
Humbert Humbert does not make himself out to be Lolita 's rapist , but read the book now , and that 's how you 'll see him .
What made the novel so outrageous at the time was that it does not explicitly condemn him .
SPEC OPS : THE LINE has a main character who fails to understand until the end that they are not the hero , they are [ redacted ] .
( Sometimes you only realize the narrator is unreliable with wisdom .
Watch TOP GUN as an adult and see if you do n't agree with Iceman 100 % .
Also , Ferris Bueller is a fucking monster . )
The mystery might be a moral question .
In WITCHER 2 , the player can choose to regard the Scoia 'tael as righteous guerrillas defending the rights of non-humans , or murderous bandits .
( Yes , I know I 'm using " mystery " here , in my own tendentious way , to mean " an important question left unanswered by the storyteller . " )
What makes a mystery satisfying is when the work of art throws out enough clues that the brain understands that there is a mystery to be solved , and then enough more clues that the brain engages with them , analyzing insufficient data to come up with a tentative conclusion that may change as more information comes in .
What makes a satisfying mystery is when the storyteller gives the audience enough hints that their brains engage with the mystery .
If there is going to be a conclusion , the storyteller lets the audience come to that conclusion before the story does .
If there is n't going to be one , the storyteller gives the audience enough to chew on that they can argue with each other over dinner .
Oddly , many whodunnits do n't do this .
The Sherlock Holmes stories are n't written so that the reader can draw conclusions ; most of the evidence is n't even mentioned until Sherlock calls it out and interprets it .
That 's okay .
What makes a satisfying mystery is n't necessarily what makes a mystery story satisfying .
A lot of stories termed mysteries are really about the extraordinary characters .
A lot are thrillers , and the fun is rooting for the hero to solve the mystery .
We can't solve the conspiracy before Cary Grant does in NORTH BY NORTHWEST , but we 're enjoying the suspense .
The question is n't so much " what is the conspiracy ? "
The answer is kinda silly , anyway .
The question is , " will Cary Grant uncover the conspiracy , and will he survive doing it ?
Agatha Christie novels do give the clues before they 're interpreted , but they tend to be arcane clues that only the cleverest and most careful of readers will put together before the detective does .
Nonetheless the characters are rich and fun , and we can interpret their behavior and guess who done it .
If you want your mystery to be satisfying as a mystery , then give your audience or player enough clues to chew on before it is ( or is n't ) resolved .
The Encyclopedia Brown books for kids , for example , give you all the clues you need to solve the mystery before Encyclopedia Brown announces the solution ; they encourage you to read the stories verrrry carefully , because you know , for sure , the answer is in there .
Horror movies often have satisfying mysteries , at least until they break into thriller at the end .
The protagonist is often clueless , or willfully blind , that they are dealing with a monster .
In the classic werewolf story , the protagonist is all , " Every full moon , I have bad dreams , and also people in town are savaged by a large wild animal , what a world , huh ? "
In the classic poltergeist story , we guess that these are n't accidents , and the house is haunted , before the main characters come to terms with it .
Part of the fun is guessing that going into the basement is terrible idea .
CABIN IN THE WOODS makes much of the tropes .
There has to be a Harbinger , who warns the main characters not to do a thing , and we can guess that bad things will come of ignoring the warning of the crazy old man at the gas station .
If only they knew they were in a horror movie , eh ?
In our WE HAPPY FEW dlc , LIGHTBEARER , our hero , Nick , is confronted with quite a bit of evidence that he 's murdering people during his drug blackouts .
But maybe he is n't , and there are clues that point another way .
Or maybe something else is happening altogether .
A key part of all storytelling is tracking what the audience knows , what they suspect , and what they expect .
Without that , how can you make the ending surprising yet inevitable ?
To create a satisfying mystery , I think we have to make it clear that there is a mystery and it's important , and then give the player enough clues that they can attempt to solve it .
There do n't have to be many clues ; your audience 's brains are raring to make up a story behind the story .
They just have to be compelling , salient , juicy clues .
Then the audience or players can say , " I knew it ! " when the big reveal comes .
Or , " how did I not see that ?? ? "
I 've noticed that game developers are fond of surprising the player .
BERLIN  Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany , an avowed friend of the United States and the leader of the European Union ’s biggest economy , is diplomatic about the coming visit by President Obama .
But she is clear that she is not about to give ground on new stimulus spending , stressing the need to maintain fiscal discipline even as she professes to want to work closely with the new American president .
Speaking in her modern concrete - and - glass Chancellery building last week , she underscored the points of drama that may well delineate the three summit meetings during Mr. Obama ’s first trans -Atlantic trip since he was elected .
“ International policy is , for all the friendship and commonality , always also about representing the interests of one ’s own country , ” Mrs. Merkel said in an interview with The New York Times and The International Herald Tribune .
At each summit meeting over the next week , Mr. Obama will find Mrs. Merkel , who first met him on his campaign trip in Europe last summer , across the table .
Kiki Fluhr , who runs the All the Numbers Handmade homecraft business from her Quincy , Massachusetts home , warns that the new Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act , which becomes effective from February 10 next year , will turn micro-businesses like hers into illegal manufacturers of " hazardous substances ' overnight .
Also see
This law includes hand - knitted , quilted and hand - sewn clothes , wooden toys and the myriad of other products for children which traditionally have been sold by arts - and - crafts shops countrywide for decades .
These are usually produced by cash - strapped people at home .
She says that even granny 's home - made quilts sold in the local arts - and - crafts shop wo n't be exempt from this new law .
Also disastrous is the fact that thousands of tons of these often exquisitely - handcrafted products in the pre-existing stock of shops also will have to be dumped as contraband which under this law will be deemed to contain ' banned , hazardous substances ' after February 10 --.
Each product will have be tested at huge cost and produce a certificate of compliance before it can be sold .
Handcrafters say they can't afford this huge price - tag of $ 4,000 for each test .
Thousands of American microshops like Kiki's will be forced to go out of business because of this Act .
She calls it the National Bankruptcy
Act which is turning every home - crafter into a felon overnight : every manufacturer , reseller and retailer will need to prove compliance or risk being charged with a felony .
A conviction carries tens of thousands of dollars in fines and potentially even jail time .
Read page 7 of the act here - with reference to the required testing of children 's products on page 7 .
Lodge complaints against this act before January 20 2009 here Fluhr says that she has spent the last six months growing her business , ' working incredibly hard to create a great product .
' The Act was drawn up after last year 's massive recalls , when dozens of dangerous , lead - tainted Chinese toys and children 's products were recalled .
"
In August 2008 , in response to that disaster , the Consumer Product Safety Commission passed this legislation .
She says while it 's laudable that the new law bans lead and phthalates ( a chemical used in some vinyl products ) from all children ’s toys , apparel , decor , and accessories , it 's a disaster for micro- businesses like hers .
She works with organic materials -- and traditional handcrafters like her are very conscious of the safety of their products .
However they can't afford to have each product tested at the cost of $ 4,000 per item to get their certificates of compliance .
So they will not only be forced out of business , but their pre-existing stock will be outlawed .
Manufacturers -- all these microbusinesses included -- will have to obtain a certificate of compliance : anyone who makes clothing , toys etc regardless of volume , needs to have each and every component tested by a CPSC - accredited laboratory at huge cost for each individual product .
" This includes not just toys , but clothing , jewelry , blankets , sheets , books , bibs , strollers , carriers , and anything else that a child younger than 12 might come in contact with , " she said .
" These tests have to be done at a CSPC accredited lab , and cost as much as $ 4,000 with an average of around $ 500 .
So for me , I offer three different types of dresses .
Each dress contains two different fabrics , as well as buttons , and thread ( each of which needs to be tested ) , so that ’s potentially $ 2,000 to test one dress .
But I have three styles , so that ’s $ 6,000 .
And when I get a new bolt of fabric , I need to start all over again .
I can only make 15 dresses from one bolt , so there is no way I could make the testing financially feasible " .
She agrees wholeheartedly that the children must be protected from harmfull chemicals .
" However this law , as it is currently written , will affect handmade toy and apparel makers - the very people many of us turn to for safe toys , clothing and decor for our children . "
" At present , there are no exemptions for small businesses and “ micro ” manufacturers like myself and most handcraft artisans .
"
The law as it stands now , makes no exception for quantities made , where the garments / products are made or anything else .
Nor is there an exception for unadorned fabric components , unfinished wood components , materials which , by their nature , are free of lead and phthalates .
Also , the law takes a “ guilty until proven innocent ” approach , which would treat a handmade , unfinished wooden toy that does n’t meet the certification deadline as a “ banned hazardous substance ” which would be illegal to distribute in this country , she said .
This legislation is also retroactive for any pre-existing inventory as of Feb. 10 , 2009 .
This means that everything on the shelves in those big ( or small ) stores will also be “ banned , hazardous substances ” – contraband .
" Larger corporations that can afford testing will incur thousands , maybe millions of dollars in fees , and this expense will be handed down to the consumer , probably making the prices for children ’s products go through the roof . " " This also means that after that date , even selling your kids old things on eBay or Craigslist will be illegal .
Charities will not be able to accept donations without a certificate of compliance either .
" February 10 , 2009 is being dubbed “ National Bankruptcy Day ” by many people in the apparel and toy industry .
If this legislation is not amended , it will affect everyone from port workers to parents looking for legal products .
" Billions of dollars worth of children ’s products will have to be destroyed because they ca n’t be legally sold , and this will cause major environmental problems , " she said .
Fluhr says that she 's all for higher safety standards and keeping the kids safe -- however this law is overreacting .
" It will put thousands of manufacturers of children ’s products out of business - hurting our economy and causing even more loan defaults .
Though this legislation was well - intentioned , it can not be allowed to stand . " " This law affects every stay at home mom trying to help put food on the table and every grandmother knitting blankets for the local craft fair .
It makes the thousands of us who have found a niche in the burgeoning handmade market have to make a tough decision – continue to produce items illegally and possible incur a $ 100,000 fine , or close up shop and maybe not be able to pay the mortgage this month ....
" She urged home - crafters and micro-business owners to lodge their objections no later than January 30 2009 to the Consumer Product Safety Commission 's Office of the Secretary , email .
They can be faxed to ( USA ) 301 504-0127 The Office of the Secretary , Consumer Product Safety Commission , Room 502 , 4330 East - West Highway , Bethesda , Maryland 20814 US .
Comments should be captioned : Section 102 Mandatory Third - Party Testing of Component Parts '
Parents whose children are nuts for toy cars , diggers and lorries may sometimes despair of trying to keep their nursery eco-friendly : after all , so many toy vehicles are made halfway across the world , fabricated from materials you really do n't want to think about , and tossed away as soon as a wheel comes loose - which it inevitably will .
Welcome , then , to the Sprig Discovery range .
These hard - wearing toys will last through some pretty heavy - duty play ; plus they 're made , in Colorado , from a bio - composite material that utilises recycled wood and reclaimed plastic .
No batteries here , either - action is all sparked by the natural kinetic energy of your child 's play .
The handle you see above can be removed , making it suitable to last your kid from the toddler stage and many years beyond .
A range of figures can also be purchased , which trigger further sounds and lights .
This is one range that looks well worth exploring .
Available from stores worldwide , including Amazon .
( CNN ) --
The three mothers hail from the same province in China , but they 'd never met until a reckless driver in central Ohio killed their only children .
From left , Sun " Zoe " Yan , Bian " Jack " Jin and Xue " Jo " Bing were students at Urbana University in Ohio .
Two years later , the women wade through a cultural morass , struggling with American laws and language as they work to recoup the tens of thousands of dollars they borrowed to educate , and bury , their children .
They 've also lost their pride and possibly their future .
In China , a family 's future often rides on the education of its youngest member , and parents routinely mortgage the present for a brighter retirement .
The three mothers have no good news for friends and relatives who stop by their homes in northeast China , sometimes for hours , asking for their money .
The mothers face the cultural shame of not being able to repay them , and many of their creditors do n't believe them when they explain they 've received little compensation for their losses .
" Even after I die , I could not close my eyes , " Cai Tie Juan said , describing her stress and exhaustion through a translator .
On March 8 , 2007 , Cai's son , Bian Jin , 27 , better known to his American counterparts as Jack , was returning from a spring break shopping trip with Sun Yan and Xue Bing , both 24 .
Learn more about students »
According to the Dayton Daily News , Bian was driving .
Sun , aka Zoe , and Bian 's girlfriend , Xue -- whose friends called her Jo -- were in the backseat of Bian 's Ford Taurus .
They were trying to get back in time for Sun 's 6:30 p.m. shift at a local Chinese restaurant in Urbana , Ohio , where the three attended graduate school .
Witnesses told the newspaper that several cars were waiting at a traffic light when Jason Skaggs , then 34 , approached the intersection of Urbana and Moorefield roads .
Skaggs crashed his blue Chevy Tahoe into a Buick Skylark at 98 mph ( about 158 kph ) , went airborne and sandwiched Bian 's Taurus between the Tahoe and a gold Chrysler , witnesses and police told the paper .
The Taurus was reduced to a ball of crumpled metal with tires .
Bian , Sun and Xue were killed instantly .
Four others , including Skaggs , were injured .
See photos of wreck , trial from Dayton Daily News
Want To Help ?
Urbana University has collected thousands of dollars for the families of Xue Bing , Bian Jin and Sun Yan and will maintain a charitable fund indefinitely .
Those interested in helping the families can send donations to :
c /o Jim Wilson
Office of Development
Urbana University
579 College Way
Urbana , Ohio 43078
Skaggs said he had had a seizure before barreling into the intersection , but the jury did n't buy the defense and found him guilty of aggravated vehicular homicide .
During the trial , the media uncovered a litany of driving violations committed by Skaggs , including a speeding ticket he received for driving 91 mph in a 65 - mph zone just weeks before the wreck .
Skaggs also had been jailed for aggravated vehicular homicide in the past , after he had passed a car in a blind curve in 1994 , killing a 79 - year - old mother and her son , the Daily News reported .
A judge in August sentenced Skaggs to the maximum 34 years in prison .
The students ' parents wonder how Skaggs had a license to begin with .
He 'd already killed two people and had no insurance .
And if epilepsy played a role in the wreck , it only bolsters their belief he should n't have been driving in the first place .
" Why could somebody let this happen ? "
Xue 's mother , Sun Chun Zhi , asked through a translator .
" Obviously , he had a history of driving recklessly and had violated many traffic laws . "
Chinese laws would 've never let someone like Skaggs drive , and more frustratingly , they say , the Chinese government would 've stepped in with financial help if this had happened in their homeland .
Conversely , it is a Chinese law that has been most devastating .
Because the world 's most populous nation has for 30 years enforced a one - child - per- couple policy , Bian , Xue and Sun Yan had no siblings , so the families ' prospects for the future were crushed in a Ford Taurus at the intersection of Urbana and Moorefield roads .
" When you raise a child in China , you are basically insuring your old age , " Sun Yan 's mother , Yu Ming , said , weeping as she spoke through a translator .
Because Bian , Xue and Sun Yan had promising futures , their parents were confident asking friends , relatives , colleagues and even their kids ' classmates for money to send them to graduate school at the 1,500 - student Urbana University .
In China , personal loans from banks are n't as common as they are in the U.S.
More commonly , people borrow from friends and family , and you are honor bound to pay them back .
There is no poor - mouthing or filing for bankruptcy .
The university unveiled a memorial last year among three Lacebark Pines , a native Chinese tree .
" You return what you owe .
It is the bible of heaven and the ground rule of Earth , " Yu said , using a Chinese saying to explain the importance of honoring your debts .
Each family borrowed in the neighborhood of 300,000 yuan , almost $ 44,000 , to send their kids 6,500 miles to Urbana University .
They each borrowed tens of thousands of dollars more for their children 's funerals and several trips to the United States , some to attend Skaggs ' trial .
They 've collectively received about $ 19,000 from a state victim 's fund and $ 22,000 from a charitable fund established by Urbana University .
Another fund set up by the university collected about $ 36,000 , but much of the money went toward the families ' funeral and travel bills .
The mothers say they appreciate the donations because their pensions and pay are a pittance of what they owe .
Xue 's father is back home in Dalian City , a trading hub of about 6 million people on the Liaodong Peninsula near North Korea .
The retired office manager earns a pension of about 1,600 yuan , or $ 234 , a month .
Bian 's father and Sun Yan 's father live in Shenyang , an industrial base of more than 7 million people , also near North Korea .
Bian 's father has been working all the overtime shifts he can muster and brings home about 3,500 yuan ( $ 512 ) a month .
Sun
Yan 's father is a farmer and receives no pension .
Meanwhile , the mothers have been in Springfield , Ohio , living in a home donated by a sympathizer since November .
They keep their living expenses as low as possible , subsisting off one meal a day to save money .
Cai and Yu still collect their respective pensions of about 1,300 yuan ( $ 190 ) and 700 yuan ( $ 102 ) a month .
Sun Chun
Zhi has lost her job as an accountant because of all the trips she has made to the states in the last two years .
The women say they are pleading with anyone they think can help -- university officials , the consulate , even a senator .
Yu said she and her husband recently sold their cozy apartment in Shenyang and moved in with a niece in China to help pay off their debts , which included about 50,000 yuan ( $ 7,312 ) that Yu and her four siblings scraped together to pay their father 's medical bills from a recent surgery .
" It did n't amount to a lot of money , " Yu said of the apartment sale .
The mothers have considered suing Skaggs , who was represented at trial by a public defender , but lawyers have told them it 's not worth it .
Friends and family members regularly stop by their homes in China , asking , " How could there possibly be no money ?
We really need money , too .
Can you return it ? "
Sun Chun Zhi said .
" They really do n't understand why we did n't get any money .
They did n't believe that ... they 're not forcing you .
They sit there and keep asking for money . "
Added Yu , " They 're not rich , either .
They save all this money , and they do n't spend like Americans , they save .
And then they lend it to me , and now they 've lost it , too . "
The mothers are coping with emotional problems as well .
Sun said the death of her daughter has left the family feeling helpless and " emotionally destroyed . "
Yu , who did not eat for two days after the wreck , said she 's lost her " source of energy . "
And Cai has taken up a regimen of sleeping pills to get some rest at night .
" It 's not getting better .
It also feels like my heart is almost failing me , and I feel my body is almost failing me , " Cai said .
Sun Chun Zhi said she , Cai and Yu sometimes struggle to grasp " the meaning of why we need to survive " after losing their only children .
" But we can not fall apart now because we are trying to return the money to the people we borrowed it from , " said Sun Chun Zhi .
" We 're trying every possible way to return their money . "
All About China • Traffic Accidents
Introduction
Current state : HTML is being developed outside of the W3C by a number of browser implementers , excluding Microsoft .
The prevalent feeling amongst those that do so is that if the W3C does n’t adopt their spec , the W3C will look dull .
Desired state : Many groups representing many different disciplines and constituencies contributing to HTML .
Documents with the requisite amount of consensus are adopted by the W3C independent of their source .
Getting from here to there will be confusing .
Those with a vested interest will portray portions of the truth in a way that will sound very plausible .
This is an attempt to level set .
A Few Select Quotes
Epigraph
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing .
It is vital that a vibrant and open web exists based on HTTP and HTML .
That ’s not meant to be an exclusive statement : coexistence with proprietary RIAs may also be something some of us are OK with ; it is the converse that we are concerned with here : a stagnant or closed HTML is simply not acceptable .
Acknowledgement
So this is very much an “ outsider ’s ” history , and like any history , it is necessarily biased , selective , and incomplete .
The following is a brief history , mostly chronological , focusing mostly on the past five years , a period during which most of the HTML5 effort has occurred .
I was not involved in most of this , but much ( not all ) of the discussion has been publicly archived .
Conclusion
Gatekeepers are anathema to an open web , even if those gatekeepers currently have goals that largely align with ours and may be of short term pragmatic usefulness .
Without a clear and documented path for extensibility , XHTML2 , ARIA , Creative Commons , Facebook , Palm , Microsoft , DOJO , XForms , and the WHATWG are all pulling in different directions .
We should also endeavor to get the XHTML2 and HTML Working Groups brought together , or at least have the overlaps removed .
Within the working group there certainly is more than adequate representation for the perspective of web crawlers and browser implementors .
It is less obvious that we have adequate representation from content creators .
Perhaps some sort of outreach by the W3C is appropriate here ?
Google ’s role is not free from the perception of conflict of interest , and that coupled with Ian ’s endorsed role as a dictator will affect the credibility of the outcome produced .
In particular , it will give Microsoft all of the excuse it needs to avoid implementing the standards .
( Not that eliminating that excuse will magically cause Microsoft to participate … )
It is equally true that Ian is talented , dedicated , and driven .
The work that he is doing is necessary , and simply could not be done without him .
If there is something that needs doing , he will take it on , no matter how big the challenge .
There also is some evidence that he will let go of things once he is convinced that somebody capable of taking the task on is going to see it through to completion .
No concrete action is asked for today , again , this is just a level set .
Blocking Last Call until consensus is reached and supporting the publishing alternative documents as Working Drafts will be important down the line .
Note : it is not important which spec “ wins ” , just that there is enough competition to keep everybody honest .
ARIA is an exemplar .
There are claims today that the Australian government 's top - secret blacklist of banned websites has been leaked onto the Internet .
There are a number of strange entries on the list that leaked to Wikileaks , including a couple of torrent sites .
However , Australian Minister Stephen Conroy claims the list is not the country 's official blacklist .
It was almost inevitable .
Today there are claims that the ACMA - maintained website blacklist has leaked onto the Internet .
Following on from the publishing of the official blacklists of Thailand , Denmark and Norway , Wikileaks is said to be publishing the Aussie list today , but at the time of writing the site is unobtainable .
Of course , this is the Internet and already the list is available from dozens of other sources .
The blacklist contains around 2,400 entries and presuming that the URLs are descriptive of the material they link to , the list appears to be dominated by pornography , with a couple of legal YouTube - like adult sites making the list .
Of course there are also a worrying number of sites appearing to deal with images of child abuse and no - one could seriously complain about their inclusion – but that was never really an issue .
What bothers people more are the significant number of sites on the list that do n’t seemed to be linked to this type of abuse .
In addition to religious sites ( both pro and anti ) , various Wikipedia pages , euthanasia sites and a travel agent , a dentist ’s website even made the list .
Other inclusions include several poker sites and UK - based betting site , Betfair.com , which was banned in Western Australia during January 2007 .
The company appealed saying the ban was unconstitutional and in March 2008 it was overruled .
However , Betfair.com remains on the list .
Speaking of the leak , Australia ’s Broadband and Communications Minister Stephen Conroy says the list is not the official ACMA blacklist .
He says that while the published list has around 2,400 blocked URLs , the official ACMA blacklist contains roughly 1,050 .
“ There are some common URLs to those on the ACMA blacklist , ” he said .
“ However , ACMA advises that there are URLs on the published list that have never been the subject of a complaint or ACMA investigation , and have never been included on the ACMA blacklist , ” he said .
Censorship of any type can lead to claims of undemocratic behavior and as discussion over these blacklists grew during recent months , there were concerns that many torrent sites would end up being blocked as the ‘ system ’ short - cutted ineffective copyright law , but it appears that this has not come about on a significant scale .
However , two BitTorrent sites – the now - defunct TorrentSpy.com and TorrentFive.com – both appear on the leaked list but it ’s impossible right now to say if they appear on the ‘ real ’ ACMA list .
There is no indication why these sites are marked to be blocked , but presumably at some point someone objected to some content indexed .
Neither site operated a tracker so banning the sites ’
URLs would not achieve much , since the content would be already available elsewhere – the sites in question offered an index , much like Google .
TorrentFreak itself is no stranger to being included on various blocklists , even though the site operates completely legally .
We have no proof why companies , schools and other organizations would add us to their blocklists , but suspect that it ’s purely because we have ‘ torrent ’ in our URL .
And here lies the problem .
The worry remains that without overview and without those that maintain these blacklists being held to account , many other legal sites could have their domains blocked too .
It ’s just a shame that the only way people can find out if they are blocked is if individuals leak these lists for all to see – then of course the lists become a magnet for those drawn to illegal , sickening content .
It really is a double - edged sword .
Hopefully no more torrent sites will be added to these blacklists – the censorship of criminal material they conduct themselves is more than sufficient and the torrent community is as keen as everyone else to keep their sites safe for all .
Police officers extinguish a hijacked lorry burning in the middle of the Glen Road in Belfast
Police officers move in to extinguish a hijacked lorry burning in the middle of the Glen Road in Belfast
Police officers extinguish a hijacked lorry burning in the middle of the Glen Road in Belfast
Vehicle that was hi-jacked burns in the Ardoyne area of N north Belfast
A schoolboy darts past a blazing lorry in the Ardoyne area of Belfast in scenes Northern Ireland thought it had finally consigned to the history books .
Security was stepped up across Northern Ireland today amid concern dissident republicans may once again attempt to bring chaos to the streets of Northern Ireland .
Roads were sealed off — and a primary school closed — today following the discovery of suspicious objects in Belfast and police in Londonderry were hunting for two gunmen who shot a man in both legs during an attack in the Rosemount Gardens area of the city .
Army bomb experts were tasked to examine suspicious objects at Ligoniel Road , close to the junction of Wolfhill Road in north Belfast , and the Whiterock Road in west Belfast this morning .
Several roads were closed to traffic due to the security alerts , causing disruption to motorists during morning rush hour .
The alert on the Whiterock Road also forced the closure of St Aidan ’s Primary School on the Springfield Road .
Three hundred children had to be sent home because of the discovery of the suspicious object .
Meanwhile , the railway line at Lake Street in Lurgan was closed this morning because of a burnt out vehicle on the line .
In Derry , two masked men broke into the house in the Rosemount Gardens area of the city at approximately 11.45 last night and shot their victim .
The assailants are described as being 5ft 10in and 6ft 2in tall , both are slim , and were wearing tracksuits , baseballs caps and scarves over their faces .
The injured man was taken to hospital .
The security forces were placed on high alert following yesterday ’s series of orchestrated dissident bomb hoaxes and hijackings .
The incidents have been met with fury from all political parties who insist that those responsible will not succeed in dragging Northern Ireland back to the past .
A van driver was doused in petrol during a number of terrifying hijackings in Belfast yesterday .
It is understood the driver , who is reported to work at a quarry in west Belfast , was pulled from the vehicle and drenched in flammable liquid before hijackers set fire to his lorry on the Whiterock Road .
The lorry incident occurred as dissidents attempted to bring chaos to the streets through an orchestrated campaign of hijackings and hoax bomb alerts – many around police stations – which resulted in road closures and traffic gridlock .
The M1 motorway has been reopened after it was closed due to an abandoned vehicle and the roads across Lurgan , where hijackings and attempted car thefts were also reported , have also been reopened .
The trouble flared at around 3 pm yesterday when a stolen van was crashed into the gates of Holy Cross Church on the Crumlin Road and set alight .
This was followed by a series of hijackings .
First Minister Peter Robinson said those responsible were " beneath contempt " .
" Those who would try to destabilise and destroy Northern Ireland will fail .
We wo n't be going back .
The criminal terrorists responsible for the series of bomb scares and hijackings have no support whatsoever in the community , " said Mr Robinson .
Belfast Telegraph
DELHI , INDIA – A suicide bomber entered a crowded mosque in northwest Pakistan and detonated an explosive that killed more than 50 people during Friday prayers .
It 's unclear who was behind the attack , which took place in tribal region West of Peshawar known as the Khyber Agency .
Security forces tasked with protecting NATO supply lines were among those praying and subsequently killed at the mosque , according to local reports .
By attacking a packed Sunni mosque at Friday prayers , the perpetrators showed a brazen disregard for popular sentiment in the region , analysts say .
" I think people in the frontier will be scared to send their children and men to the mosque .
And I think the moderate sort of religious people in Pakistan will be calling for some action against these people , " says security analyst retired Brig .
Gen. Mahmood Shah .
Earlier this month , militants bombed a Sufi shrine in Peshawar .
The attack damaged the tomb of Abdur Rahman Baba , a Sufi saint and one of the most famous poets in the Pashto language .
Many local Pashtuns are fond of reciting his verses .
Although that attack struck at a popular ethnic figure , it was largely seen as a sectarian strike against the Sufi faith .
Today 's attack marks the first bombing of a Sunni mosque in the region , says Mushtaq Yusufzai , a Peshawar - based reporter with The News , a newspaper based in Pakistan .
Although the attack will further anger local people , Mr. Yusufzai does n't see that turning into an effective backlash against militant groups .
" The people cannot react , they are helpless .
They can not fight against these unseen fighters , " he says .
In the past , local tribal leaders have organized lashkars , or armed posses , to go after militant groups .
But militants retaliated by killing tribal elders and burning their homes , breaking much of the local resistance .
Yusufzai said he talked to some locals who claim to have seen drones recently in area – the rumors , valid or not , will no doubt add to growing resentment of US airstrikes in the region .
He also said the attacks came as a surprise because local Taliban were believed to have agreed to focus their efforts on the fight in Afghanistan .
This is a book report on The Rise and Decline of Nations : Economic Growth , Stagflation , and Social Rigidities , by Mancur Olson .
There is n’t a whole lot about how nations pulled themselves out of their medieval stagnation ( see A Farewell to Alms for that ) , so a better title for this still - in - print book from 1982 would be “ How Rich Countries Die . ”
Table 1.1 shows annual rates of growth in per-capita GDP for each of three decades , the 1950s , 60s , and 70s , in a range of rich countries .
Contrary to our perception of the U.S. as a growth dynamo and the Europeans as sclerotic , France and Germany tremendously outperformed the U.S. , as did most of the other countries .
If we have grown larger it is because our population has expanded much faster than the European countries .
Chapter 2 summarizes
Olson ’s groundbreaking work on how interest groups work to reduce a society ’s efficiency and GDP .
Some of this work seems obvious in retrospect and indeed Adam Smith noted that businessmen rarely met without conspiring against the public interest .
There are a handful of automobile producers and millions of automobile consumers .
It makes sense for an automobile company , acting individually , to lobby Congress for tariffs .
The company will reap 20 - 40 percent of the benefits of the tariff .
It does n’t make sense for an individual consumer , however , to lobby Congress .
It will cost him millions of dollars to lobby against Congress and preventing the tariff will save him only a few thousand dollars on his next car purchase .
The economy suffers because some resources that would have been put to productive use are instead hanging around Washington and because cars are more expensive than they should be .
Labor unions are a drag on the economy , but a labor union that represents all of the workers in a company will be less of a drag than a union that represents only a small percentage of workers in each of hundreds of companies .
The single - company labor union will have some interest in keeping its host company alive by not bleeding it too much .
A union that represents only 10 percent of a company ’s workers will recognize that it can drive up compensation to double or triple the market - clearing wage without , by itself , killing the host company .
Citizens wo n’t bother to inform themselves about public policy , especially the details .
Given the lack of influence of a single vote , it does n’t make sense for a non-specialist to invest the time .
Olson says this is why we have a progressive income tax , obvious to all voters , and a lot of obscure loopholes that benefit the wealthy and influential .
He notes that the benefits of Medicare and Medicaid to the old and the poor are publicized , not the fact that they are “ implemented or administered in ways that resulted in large increases in income for prosperous physicians and other providers of medical care ” because “ the many smaller choices needed to implement these programs are influenced primarily by a minority of organized providers . ”
Chapter 3 : It takes a long time for special interest groups to form .
Olson cites the fact that it was in 1851 , a century after the start of the Industrial Revolution , that the first modern trade union formed in Britain .
The longer that a society remains stable , the more freighted down with special interest groups it becomes .
The president of the U.S. would like to see greater economic efficiency in the U.S. as a whole .
Individual congressmen , however , will push for pork - barrel legislation that benefits their district even if the cost to the overall economy is hundreds of times greater than the benefit ( their constituents will pay 1/435th of the cost and receive 100 percent of the benefit ) .
This leads to a perennial conflict between the president and Congress .
Unions or cartels of businesses slow an economy ’s response to change because they require the assent of many members in order to effect a change .
This makes wages and prices much stickier than in a classical free - market economy .
Unions will negotiate agreements that favor senior workers at the expense of junior members and young people just entering the workforce .
Olson would not be surprised by the current auto industry bailout : “ Special - interest groups also slow growth by reducing the rate at which resources are reallocated from one activity or industry to another in response to new technologies or conditions .
One obvious way in which they do so is lobbying for bail - outs of failing firms , thereby delaying or preventing the shift of resources to areas where they would have a greater productivity . ”
Special interest groups create complexity , by getting special rules established for their benefit , and thrive on complexity .
If a tax or tariff code were only three pages long , an average citizen would be able to spot the sweetheart deals .
If a code runs to 1000 pages , however , nobody will ever understand all of it .
Special interest groups may create government regulation .
Prior to the Ford Administration ’s mid-1970s push to deregulate railroads , trucking , and airlines , for example , the U.S. government was very effective at ensuring profits and excluding new entrants to the market .
Chapter 4 compares countries in the post - World War II period .
Olson says that Germany and Japan did well because their special interest groups were shattered by military defeat .
When new labor unions formed in Germany and Japan , they tended to be very broad - based and therefore had an incentive in the overall welfare of their societies .
“ Great Britain , the major nation with the longest immunity from dictatorship , invasion , and revolution , has had in this century a lower rate of growth than other large , developed democracies .
… Britain has [ a ] powerful network of special - interest organizations .
The number and power of its trade unions need no description .
[ Olson wrote this book just as Margaret Thatcher was coming to power . ]
The venerability and power of its professional associations is also striking .
…
Britain also has a strong farmer ’s organization and a great many trade associations . ”
“ [ Britain ’s interest groups ] are narrow rather than encompassing .
For example , in a single factory there are often many different trade unions , each with a monopoly over a different craft or category of workers … ”
Olson notes that slow growth ca n’t be due to something inherent in the British character , because the country was the world ’s fastest growing from 1750 until 1850 .
Olson cites a study by Murrell testing the hypothesis that Britain ’s slow growth was due to special interest groups that took time to form .
Murrell looked at new versus old industries in Germany and Britain .
The disparity in growth rates was significantly larger in Britain than in Germany .
Britain during the time of the Industrial Revolution had more social mobility and less class consciousness than other European nations .
Napoleon and totalitarianism destroyed the Continent ’s nobility , reversing the relationship between Britain and the rest of Europe .
Olson preempts the question of “ How come the Swiss are n’t poor given that they ’ve had stability for so many centuries ? ” by looking at their constitution , which “ makes it extremely difficult to pass new legislation .
This makes it difficult for lobbies to get their way and thus greatly limits Switzerland ’s losses from special interest legislation . ”
Olson asks why the U.S. , given its stable government and lack of invasions , has n’t done very poorly .
The first answer is that the U.S. has done poorly , growing slower than France , Germany , and Japan .
The second answer is that the U.S. is not uniform .
Some parts are relatively recently settled ( the West ) and / or relatively recently recovered from the Civil War ( the South ) .
It turns out that these are precisely the regions of the U.S. that have enjoyed the fastest rates of growth : “ the longer a state has been settled and the longer the time it has had to accumulate special interest groups , the slower its rate of growth . ”
Chapter 5 looks at medieval guilds and foreign trade .
Olson finds that the countries with the lowest tariffs had the highest growth rates .
The countries with the fewest restrictions on immigrant labor had the highest rates of growth in per-capita income .
Chapter 6 is titled “ Inequality , Discrimination and Development . ”
Japan ’s history is mined for evidence supporting Olson ’s theory .
The country was stable until the mid-1800s .
This led to “ tolls , tariffs , regulations , and legal monopolies ” ; the country was a basketcase economically .
The nation was opened up via gunboat diplomacy , which shattered the feudal system and high tariffs .
The country grew so quickly that it defeated Russia in 1905 and came close to humiliating the U.S. in 1941 .
Olson quotes Nehru explaining that Muslims were able to conquer India because of the “ growing rigidity and exclusiveness of the Indian social system as represented chiefly by the caste system . ”
Olson compares the caste system to the medieval guilds .
The barring of marriage outside of one ’s caste is explained by the desire of a caste to retain the fruits of its economic exclusivity .
South Africa is next .
The mine owners wanted to hire mostly Africans because they could be paid less than whites .
The trade unions were controlled by whites and wanted to force the mines to employ at least one white for every 3.5 black workers .
Bitter strikes led ultimately to the rise of white supremacist political parties and legislation limiting employment opportunities for blacks .
Restrictions on labor were naturally followed by restrictions on social interaction and marriage .
Olson notes that special - interest groups increase inequality in a society .
A union prevents companies from hiring black workers at the same wages at whites .
A caste system prevents someone from rising above the station to which he was born .
Effective lobbying turns welfare or health care programs into cash cows for government workers or health care providers .
Chapter 7 is very timely , being about stagflation and business cycles .
Olson points out that no standard economic theories explain how the U.S. and Britain could have suffered high unemployment rates for the full decade of the 1930s .
Keynesian economics could not explain the simultaneous high unemployment and high inflation of the 1970s .
Olson points out that no economic theory explains why “ unemployment is more common among groups of lower skill and productivity , such as teenagers , disadvantaged racial minorities , and so on ” ( classical economics would have these folks working at the same rate as anyone else , but at lower wages ) .
Classical economics does not allow for involuntary unemployment .
If the labor supply increases or the economy worsens , wages should fall until everyone is working for a wage that clears the market and that enables employers to make a profit despite lower prices for final products .
“ The main group that can have an interest in preventing the mutually profitable transactions between the involuntarily unemployed and employers is the workers with the same or competitive skills . ”
In other words , a company would prefer to replace a $ 60 per hour 50 - year - old unskilled white worker with two $ 15 per hour black teenagers who would get a lot more done , but the old whites will form a union and prevent the company from hiring the young blacks .
If the company does need to hire someone it will be stuck paying $ 60 per hour and it might as well hire someone with an advanced degree and a lot of skills , which explains why the unskilled are disproportionately unemployed .
How could the Great Depression have lasted so long ?
Olson suggests assuming that a lot of prices are fixed by colluding business cartels and / or by government regulation .
The prices are fixed higher than they would be in a free market , which imposes costs on society and guarantees supranormal profits to cartel members .
If there is inflation , the losses to the economy from the cartel are ameliorated .
The fixed price is no longer than much higher than what would have been the market price .
In the event of deflation , however , the fixed price is now ridiculously high , demand for such an overpriced product plummets , and production plummets .
Investment in new factories will fall to zero almost immediately .
Olson divides the economy into a fixprice sector and a flexprice sector .
The fixed price part of the economy includes government workers , union workers , products produced by cartels , agriculture supported by government , and imported raw materials whose price is set on world markets .
The flexprice sector would include simple services such as cleaning houses and babysitting ,
In the event of deflation , the output in the fixed price sector will collapse , driving a flood of young and newly unemployed workers into the flexprice sector .
The schoolteacher will continue to earn $ 100,000 per year and retire at 52 .
The laid - off manufacturing worker will find that the market - clearing wage for cleaning houses is one third of what it was before the economic downturn .
This is in fact what happened during the Great Depression .
Folks who kept their jobs sailed through ; folks tried to make a living as street vendors could not earn enough to eat .
“ The economy that has a dense network of narrow special - interest organizations will be susceptible during periods of deflation … to depression or stagflation . ”
Olson looks at the tough times of 1975 - 76 , with the world reeling from an oil price shock , and finds that the U.S. had an unemployment rate of 8 percent compared to Germany ’s 4.5 percent and Japan ’s 2 percent .
Is that the only evidence that the U.S. is plagued with special interests ?
No. Phillip Cagan looked at U.S. price and output statistics since 1890 and “ found that the tendency for prices to fall during recessions has declined over time .
… an increasing proportion of the effect of any reduction in aggregate demand shows up as a reduction in real output . ” [ in other words , when times get tough in the modern U.S. , we shut down our factories rather than running them with lower wages and lower prices for finished goods ; in the event of deflation reducing collectible property taxes , a city will fire half of its schoolteachers rather than cut any teacher ’s wage ]
Conclusion
Olson showed back in 1982 that modern macroeconomic theory was basically worthless in developed stable countries .
Macroeconomics posits a free market in which wages and prices adjust dynamically .
That applies to an ever - smaller sector of the U.S. economy .
We have a rapidly growing governnment that directly or indirectly employs more than one third of our workers , many of whom are unionized .
We have a health care system that consumes 16 percent of GDP and is staffed with doctors who restrict entry into the profession via their licensing cartel .
The financial services sector is about 10 percent of the economy and they now tap into taxpayer money to keep their bonuses flowing in bad times .
The automotive industry kept itself profitable over the years by successfully lobbying for import tariffs .
When the profits turned to losses , they successfully lobbied to have taxpayers pick up those losses .
A university - trained macroeconomist might be able to predict what will happen to babysitters in a depression , but not the price of cereal , the wage of a manufacturing worker , or the fate of those Americans who collect most of our national income ( e.g. , Wall Street , medical doctors , government workers ) .
A cashflow approach is much more effective for figuring out where we ’re headed .
Money flows out to the folks on Wall Street who bankrupted their firms , to schoolteachers who ’ve failed to teach their students , to government workers who feel that simply showing up to work is a heroic achievement , to executives and union workers in America ’s oldest and least competitive industries .
If times are tough and money is tight , that means almost nothing is left over for productive investment .
What would have been a short recession will turn into a long depression and decades of higher taxes and slow growth to pay for all of the cash ladled out .
Special interest groups will continue to gain in power .
Practical Value
What practical advice can an individual citizen draw from this book ?
On the surface , it would seem to be a useful investment guide .
Short New York and California ; go long on Alaska and Hawaii .
Invest in countries that have recently gone through a revolution or are recovering from an invasion ( Cuba ? Iraq ? ) .
One problem with the latter strategy is that instability itself makes it tough for an investor to make money .
Only in hindsight do we know that World War II was the last war to rage through France and Germany during the 20th Century or that Red China ’s conversion to running dog capitalism would last for decades .
How about as a guide for voting ?
Olson suggests that a rational voter should remain as ignorant as possible about politics and policies .
Even if special interests manage to siphon off 80 percent of the voter ’s income , the voter is better off devoting his or her energy to earning more rather than attempting to change the system ( likely to require full - time effort , reducing income to $ 0 , and be futile because the voter has no money compared to the special interests ) .
If we ever had the opportunity to vote for something that would restrict the influence of lobbyists and special interests , we should do it , but Olson would predict that such an opportunity will never arise .
One thing an individual can do is choose where to live and in which industry to work .
The logical conclusion from reading this book is to prefer a new state to an old state , a newly stable state to a long - stable state , and a new industry to an old one .
The worst thing that a young person could do , for example , would be to move to Michigan to work for G.M. ’s automobile division .
The second best thing would be to move to Alaska or an up - and - coming foreign country and work to extract some new kind of energy .
The very smartest choice would be to move to Washington , D.C. and work as a lobbyist for a decaying industry that is bleeding the U.S. economy and taxpayer …
More : Read the book
Related :
( First of all , thanks to Kevin from learncanadianfrench.com as otherwise I would have been wondering why Canadien was written without the plural )
Le président du Canadien de Montréal , Pierre Boivin , a confirmé cette semaine que le prochain entraîneur - chef du Tricolore sera francophone .
Bien qu'il considère que son équipe est défavorisée par son souci d'embaucher une personne qui parle français pour s'adresser aux amateurs et aux médias lors de la saison régulière , l'homme d'affaires considère que le Canadien a un rôle à jouer en ce sens et qu'il est de son devoir de favoriser les entraîneurs d'ici .
« C'est presque une obligation que le prochain entraîneur soit en mesure de s'adresser aux partisans et aux médias dans leur langue , mais il n'y a qu'une équipe sur 30 qui se préoccupe de ça et ça nous limite beaucoup dans notre processus de sélection » , a - t - il affirmé .
Il n'y a pas que le prochain entraîneur que Pierre Boivin voudrait francophone , il aimerait également que son équipe mette la main sur un joueur d'impact parlant français afin de faire revivre aux partisans les belles années .
« On va se tuer pour aller chercher un joueur d'impact francophone , mais ce n'est pas aussi facile que ça a déjà été .
À talent égal , nous allons choisir un Québécois , mais nous ne prendrons pas le mauvais joueur sous prétexte qu'il est de chez nous » , a conclu Pierre Boivin .
Here are a few parts from the article ( my French is still somewhat limited so let me know if anything 's amiss ) : Pierre Boivin , the president of the Montreal Canadiens , confirmed this week that the next head coach of the team will be a francophone .
Though he thinks that his team is at a disadvantage by its want to hire a person that speaks French to address fans and the media during the regular season , the businessman believes that the Canadiens have a role to play in this sense and that it is his duty to promote the coaches here .
" It 's almost an obligation for us that the next coach be able to speak to fans and the media in their language , but it 's no more than a group of 30 that are being considered and that limits us a fair bit in our selection process " , he affirmed .
Not only does Pierre Boivin want the next coach to be a francophone , he would also like to have his team to get an excellent player that speaks French to bring back the good times for the fans .
" We would kill ourselves * to get a great player who is a francophone , but that is n't as easy as it used to be .
With players of the same talent we would choose a Quebecois , but we wo n't take an inferior player just because he 's one of us " , he concluded .
DuPont Banking on Solar to Boost its Bottom Line
March 18th , 2009 by Dave Tyler
Chemical maker DuPont ( NYSE : DD ) said this week it expects to triple its photovoltaic sales to $ 1 billion annually by 2012 .
The increase will come as the market for solar power increases and the company boosts its own ability to produce solar cells , company officials said during the Jefferies 7th Global Clean Technology Conference .
“ Photovoltaic technology is in its infancy and the opportunities in this market are extensive , ” David B. Miller , group vice president for DuPont ’s Electronic and Communication Technologies division told conference attendees .
The company cited industry estimates that project the overall solar market to grow from $ 30 billion to $ 70 billion in 2013 .
DuPont has expanded production of several films and pastes used in solar manufacturing to help meet this demand , officials said .
The company expects thin film solar demand to far outpace the demand for crystalline silicon cells .
The growth would be welcome news for DuPont , which as Forbes.com points out , has had a rough go of it lately .
Weakening demand for chemicals led to double - digit drops is sales for most business units in the fourth quarter of 2008 and Chief Executive Ellen Kullman said 2009 would be “ challenging . ”
But the $ 1 billion target may be reachable for DuPont , given all the rosy estimates of solar industry growth that are floating around .
DuPont says it remains confident of future demand , even with oil prices at less than half of what they were a year ago .
And all this growth would fit right in with a plan the company laid out in 2006 to produce as much as $ 6 billion in new renvenue from a sustainable growth strategy .
Photo credit : Thomas23 ’s Flickr stream , via a Creative Commons License .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Please tell me you did not just say , " here kitty kitty . "
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Think Complexity by Allen B. Downey Buy this book from Amazon.com .
Download this book in PDF .
Read this book online .
The second edition of this book is available here .
Description
This book is about complexity science , data structures and algorithms , intermediate programming in Python , and the philosophy of science : Data structures and algorithms :
A data structure is a collection that contains data elements organized in a way that supports particular operations .
For example , a dictionary organizes key - value pairs in a way that provides fast mapping from keys to values , but mapping from values to keys is generally slower .
An algorithm is a mechanical process for performing a computation .
Designing efficient programs often involves the co-evolution of data structures and the algorithms that use them .
For example , the first few chapters are about graphs , a data structure that is a good implementation of a graph --- nested dictionaries --- and several graph algorithms that use this data structure .
Python programming : This book picks up where Think Python leaves off .
I assume that you have read that book or have equivalent knowledge of Python .
As always , I will try to emphasize fundmental ideas that apply to programming in many languages , but along the way you will learn some useful features that are specific to Python .
leaves off .
I assume that you have read that book or have equivalent knowledge of Python .
As always , I will try to emphasize fundmental ideas that apply to programming in many languages , but along the way you will learn some useful features that are specific to Python .
Computational modeling : A model is a simplified description of a system that is useful for simulation or analysis .
Computational models are designed to take advantage of cheap , fast computation .
Philosophy of science :
The models and results in this book raise a number of questions relevant to the philosophy of science , including the nature of scientific laws , theory choice , realism and instrumentalism , holism and reductionism , and Bayesian epistemology .
This book focuses on discrete models , which include graphs , cellular automata , and agent - based models .
They are often characterized by structure , rules and transitions rather than by equations .
They tend to be more abstract than continuous models ; in some cases there is no direct correspondence between the model and a physical system .
Complexity science is an interdisciplinary field --- at the intersection of mathematics , computer science and physics --- that focuses on these kinds of models .
That 's what this book is about .
Free books !
This book is under the Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License , which means that you are free to copy , distribute , and modify it , as long as you attribute the work and do n't use it for commercial purposes .
Download the LaTeX source code ( with figures and a Makefile ) in a zip file .
Other Free Books by Allen Downey are available from Green Tea Press .
It 's increasingly apparent that Bernard Madoff 's investment services were n't as exclusive as once thought .
An eclectic list purporting to name thousands of people who lost money in Mr. Madoff 's alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme -- complete with their street addresses -- includes housewives and retirees , a plumbers union and a high school .
The list , released as part of his firm 's bankruptcy - court proceedings , is providing fodder for gawkers who are already poring through it to look for friends , business associates and prominent ...
MUSIC NEWS -
The always active , JACK WHITE has revealed his new band yesterday .
As if the White Stripes and The Raconteurs are not enough ( and the upcoming It Might Get Loud rockumentary film ) .
He now has a new project that has him on a drum stool .
Called , The Dead Weather , the new group consists of Kills singer Alison Mosshart , Raconteur Jack Lawrence on bass , Queens Of The Stone Age 's Dean Fertita on guitar , with White contributing drums and vocals .
Launching the band at his new Third Man Records HQ in Nashville , TN last night , The Dead Weather played a 20 minute set for 150 special invitees .
MNN expects the debut album entitled , Horehound in June , preceded by the single Hang You From The Heavens , which is available now on vinyl and through iTunes .
Check 'em out at ; TheDeadWeather.com and listen to the single 's B - side , a cover of Gary Numan 's Are Friends Electric ?
( complete your Gary Numan cd collection , here ) .
Video the tune 's video at our , Today 's Video Clip page .
UPDATE 4/8/09 - Tickets on sale today for DEAD WEATHER 's first public appearance ; April 14 at the Bowery Ballroon , NYC .
Details at ; the DeadWeather.com .
UPDATE 5/11/09 -
Tour dates announced , see below -
DEAD WEATHER 2009 Tour Itinerary -
Thu 06/11/09 Louisville , KY City Block / Coyote 's Music Hall
Wed 06/24/09 London , United Kingdom The Forum
Mon 06/29/09 Paris , France La Cigale
Mon / Tues 07/13 & 14 /09 Washington , DC 9:30 Club
Thu 07/16/09 New York , NY Terminal 5
Sat 07/18/09 Boston , MA House Of Blues
Appearing at " Cisco Ottawa Bluesfest "
Sun 07/19/09 Ottawa , ON Lebreton Flats Park
Tue 07/21/09 Montreal , QC Olympia de Montreal
Wed 07/22/09 Toronto , ON Kool Haus
Fri 07/24/09 Detroit , MI The Fillmore Detroit
Sat 07/25/09 Columbus , OH Lifestyle Communities Pavilion
Mon 07/27/09 Minneapolis , MN First Avenue
Tue 07/28/09 Chicago , IL Vic Theatre Wed
07/29/09 Chicago , IL Vic Theatre
Thu 07/30/09 Nashville , TN War Memorial Auditorium
Mon 08/17/09 Denver , CO Ogden Theatre
Tue 08/18/09 Salt Lake City , UT The Depot
Thu 08/20/09 Seattle , WA Paramount Theatre
Sat - Sun 08/22 & 23 /09 Vancouver , BC Commodore Ballroom
Tue 08/25/09 Los Angeles , CA The Wiltern
5/15 Thu 08/27/09 Pomona , CA Glass House
The BBC's Jill McGivering looks at prospects for peace in Mindanao , where fighting between Philippine troops and separatist rebels is causing a humanitarian crisis .
MILF separatists have been fighting the Philippine government for decades
In mid-2008 , it looked as if there was at last - after decades of fighting - a chance for Mindanao to find lasting peace .
Eight years of negotiations between the Philippine government and the separatist group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , or MILF , had resulted in a framework agreement .
In early August , representatives from both sides gathered in the Malaysian capital , Kuala Lumpur , to sign the landmark deal .
But the signing never took place .
The document faced fierce opposition at the 11th hour , including from some Christian leaders who challenged its legitimacy .
They complained that the government had failed to discuss the deal adequately with Christian communities in Mindanao - who form a majority on the island - and with the island 's indigenous people , despite the fact both communities would be directly affected .
The final collapse of the long - awaited agreement came when the Supreme Court in Manila declared it unconstitutional .
The deal had been provisional but paved the way for an expanded autonomous Muslim region with a high degree of self - governance .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Emmanuel Pinol , the vice - governor of North Cotabato , which would have become part of the new expanded region , was one of its most vocal critics .
He told the BBC that , in his opinion , the whole approach was flawed .
The document made provision for a separate police force , local security force and a separate judicial system , he said .
It would divide many people in Mindanao from the rest of the Philippines but the real answer to the long - standing sense of grievance felt by many Moro people , he went on , lay not in a treaty but in grassroots development .
' Frustrated '
The collapse of the deal has left a political vacuum and a great deal of uncertainty about the future .
Of the 19 commanders associated with the MILF , three are now locked in day - to - day fighting with the Philippine army .
I do n't see any prospect of signing a peace deal under the Arroyo administration
Mohagher Iqbal ,
MILF chief negotiator According to a Philippine army estimate , these three commanders have a total force of about 2,000 fighters .
Some MILF leaders who advocated support for the ceasefire and the peace process now feel betrayed .
I went to the MILF jungle headquarters to meet their chief negotiator , Mohagher Iqbal .
He is now in his 60s , a well - educated and softly - spoken man who was a rebel fighter in his youth .
Now , he told me , he had lost faith in the government 's sincerity .
" I feel frustrated , " he said .
" At the final moment , the government decided not to sign .
This is treachery of the first order . "
Leadership change
The prospects for further talks seem bleak .
Both sides say that in theory they are ready to resume negotiations .
But the fact the Supreme Court declared the deal unconstitutional casts a shadow over future agreements which are founded on similar principles .
The situation is further complicated by the fact that the current President , Gloria Arroyo , now has a limited term of office .
Her mandate expires in 2010 .
" I do n't see any prospect , " Mr Iqbal told me , " of signing a peace deal under the Arroyo administration . "
There are some international efforts to broker fresh talks and get the peace process back on track .
But in the short term , it seems unlikely that the MILF leadership will be able to convince commanders who are now fighting to stop .
And until the violence ends , the tens of thousands of families who fled their villages , and are now trying to survive without adequate food or shelter , will not be able to go home .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Adam Kennedy has just posted about his new interest in Cognative Load Theory ( I wonder if writing Cognative instead of Cognitive is because of his New Britsralian accent or just a typo ) .
That reminded me one of the most useful tools I learned during my MBA was the Five Forces Analysis of Michael E. Porter .
In his theory markets have a so - called Barrier of entry ( or Threats of New Entrants ) .
It is good to be in a market where the barriers of entry are high as it will be hard for new competitors to show up .
Less competitors , more profit potential .
If we look at the Programming Language market then the barrier of entry ( of a new language ) is not only the design of the language but also the tools around it .
The compiler , the libraries , a development environment and educating the developers .
So while it is relatively easy to create a new language , ( making it good is a whole other story and I am not a language designer ) but all the tools around it make it extremely difficult to turn a language mainstream or even just useful .
Parrot and Perl 6 are trying to help in this by providing a platform for creating compilers for such languages .
If all goes well languages running on Parrot will be able to reuse each others libraries reducing that barrier .
With Padre , the Perl IDE we also have a plan to help this .
Once we manage to integrate Padre better with Parrot we will be able to provide and IDE with all kinds of nice features for any language running on top of Parrot .
That will actually also change another of the forces in the 5 forces of Porter , the Threat of Substitute Products .
Companies that write an application in one language have a really hard time in changing the language as they have invested in their code so much .
If they can reuse their old libraries and start using a new language it will be much easier to switch languages .
At least among the languages running on top of Parrot .
The way Padre can can increase the Threat of Substitute Products is by reducing the barrier of entry of users ( programmers ) to new languages .
The way to do that is by eliminating some of the cognitive load .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Archeologists have found a mass grave in Mexico City with four dozen human skeletons laid out in neat lines that could reveal clues about the 16th century Spanish conquest that killed millions .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
The investigators found the 49 skeletons , all lying face up with their arms crossed , as they searched for a palace complex in the Tlatelolco area , once a major religious and political center for the ancient Aztec elite and now a district in the north of the sprawling Mexican capital .
“ We were completely taken by surprise .
We did n’t expect to find this massive funeral complex , ” Salvador Guilliem , in charge of the site for the government ’s archeology institute , said when the discovery was announced on Tuesday .
Historians think the Aztecs built Tlatelolco in the early 1300s along with the nearby city of Tenochtitlan , the capital of the Aztec empire and now the heart of Mexico City , which the Spanish founded after they conquered the Aztecs in 1521 .
It is likely the indigenous people buried in the grave died in battle against the invading Spanish or fell victim to diseases that wiped out large swaths of the native population in 1545 and 1576 , Guilliem said .
Many Aztec fighters died resisting the Spanish invasion and millions also perished during a four - year epidemic of hemorrhagic fever that began in 1545 , killing 80 percent of indigenous Mexicans .
The 13 - by - 32 - foot ( four - by - 10 - meter ) burial site differs from other conquest - era graves because of the reverential way the bodies were buried , following Christian customs of the time , unlike thousands of contemporary graves at other Aztec cities where bodies were thrown in at random .
“ It is a mass grave , but they were very carefully buried , ” Guilliem said .
The burials were likely ordered by Spanish overlords but carried out by Aztecs since most of the artifacts found around the bodies , such as copper necklaces and bone buttons , are from pre-Hispanic cultures , he said .
The skeletons of two children , a teenager , and an old person wearing a ring that could signify higher status , were found along with 45 young adults in the tomb .
The scientists expect to find at least 50 more bodies as excavations continue at the massive Tlatelolco complex , home to 67 ancient structures , including massive pyramids .
“ The discovery is filling us with more questions than answers at this point , ” Guilliem said .
Saturn 's comparatively paper - thin rings are tilted edge on to Earth every 15 years .
Because the orbits of Saturn 's major satellites are in the ring plane , too , this alignment gives astronomers a rare opportunity to capture a truly spectacular parade of celestial bodies crossing the face of Saturn .
Leading the parade is Saturn 's giant moon Titan - larger than the planet Mercury .
The frigid moon 's thick nitrogen atmosphere is tinted orange with the smoggy byproducts of sunlight interacting with methane and nitrogen .
Several of the much smaller icy moons that are closer in to the planet line up along the upper edge of the rings .
Hubble 's exquisite sharpness also reveals Saturn 's banded cloud structure .
1. The Grapes of Wrath ( 1940 )
It ’s a powerful ( and depressing ) indicator of how much times have changed to look at the difference in the political and social climate now and when John Ford ’s The Grapes Of Wrath was released .
Back then , Ford ’s movie was eagerly anticipated as a film adaptation of John Steinbeck ’s incredibly successful novel of hard times amongst
Okie migrant workers ; the mood of the nation was unabashedly liberal , and Franklin Delano Roosevelt was seen as a national hero for his attempts to bring the nation out of the Depression through massive government intervention .
Now , people actually hold protests against planned aid to the homeless and desperate , and right - wing pundits shamelessly claim that FDR prolonged the Depression .
But while we ’ve allowed our institutional memory to degrade , Ford ’s masterful film has n’t changed : a superb cast ( led by a lean and hard - edged Henry Fonda as Tom Joad ) and innovative camerawork from Gregg Toland based on the WPA photography of Walker Evans and others makes for one of the most moving and powerful portraits of American poverty ever committed to film .
Hopefully , it wo n’t take another Great Depression to recover the truth about those bad times that Ford portrayed so elegantly .
2. Umberto D. ( 1952 )
One of the purposes of the Italian neo-realist movement was to showcase poverty as harshly and honestly as possible , and Vittorio De Sica 's masterpiece Umberto D. is arguably the purest expression of that purpose .
Its story is simple to the point of non-existence : a retired civil servant , Umberto Ferrari ( played by non-professional Carlo Battisti ) , struggles to make ends meet .
His monthly pension can't cover his debts , and his landlady is promising eviction at the end of the month if he can't come up with the money he owes her for rent .
The movie follows his attempts to raise the necessary cash , and , failing that , find a way to support himself and his beloved dog Flike .
As with other neo-realist films , Umberto is episodic and , the final 10 minutes aside , largely low - key ; it gets its power from its straightforward depiction of a decent man doing his best to get by in untenable circumstances .
Anyone who 's had to scrape by till their next paycheck can relate when Umberto is forced to sell his possessions for far less than they 're worth ; and there 's a nightmarish familiarity to seeing him desperate enough to consider begging , but not so desperate as to give in completely .
There 's no moral here , and while things end cheerfully , nothing is resolved — Umberto and his dog have each other , and that 's all they have .
It does n't get more honest than that .
3. - 4 . Land Without Bread ( 1932 ) and Los Olvidados ( 1950 )
With the semi- documentary short Land Without Bread and the semi- neo - realist feature Los Olvidados , director Luis Buñuel ventured to the global extremes of poverty and despair , but without losing his jaundiced and occasionally surreal view of human nature .
In just 27 minutes , Land Without Bread both reveals the unrelenting squalor of Las Hurdes — a sterile mountainous region in Spain where generation after generation of starving , uneducated , and often horribly disfigured people are locked in a cycle of poverty — and sends up anthropological documentaries that condescend to their subjects .
With these two seemingly conflicting goals , the movie would seem to be at cross purposes — indeed , Land Without Bread remains one of Buñuel ’s most misunderstood and controversial efforts , and would be even if he did n’t have mountain goat tossed off a cliff to make a point — but its portrait of a condemned , criminally neglected people leave the deepest impression .
Advertisement
Los Olvidados , made during Buñuel ’s time in Mexico , has the gritty , street - level , documentary - like look of Italian neo - realist cinema , but it ’s tempered by the same pitiless skepticism that marks Land Without Bread .
Buñuel follows a band of penniless street urchins in the slums of Mexico City , but he could never be accused of giving himself over to cheap sentimentality .
After all , these kids attempt to rob a blind street musician .
Failing that , they track him down , beat him up , and destroy his instruments .
In Buñuel ’s hands , their criminality implies a tragic loss of childhood innocence .
5. I Am A Fugitive From A Chain Gang ( 1932 )
Paul Muni plays a World War I veteran enduring and protesting the inhuman tortures of Southern prisons in this grim bit of Depression - era melodrama , based on a true story .
Much of the movie is about Muni ’s escape and his ill - fated attempt at becoming a success in business ( undone by a shrewish , spendthrift wife ) , but the story is bracketed by portraits of extreme poverty , as the hero tries to hock his war medals , and lets his craving for hamburgers lead him into becoming an accomplice to an armed robbery .
In the final scene , after another white - knuckle jailbreak , Muni runs into the woman he loves , and when she asks him how he ’s getting by , he retreats into the shadows and hisses the film ’s most famous line : “ I steal ! ”
6. King Of The Hill ( 1993 )
Based on A.E. Hotchner ’s memoir , Steven Soderbergh ’s third feature tends to get lumped into the wilderness between his breakthrough sex , lies , and videotape and his reemergence on the scene with Out Of Sight , but it ’s one of his best films , a bittersweet chronicle of growing up in the Depression - era Midwest .
Jesse Bradford stars as a boy in his early teens whose mother is committed to a sanatorium with tuberculosis and whose father tries to scrape together money as a traveling salesman , which sends him out of town for indeterminate swaths of time .
That leaves Bradford to fend for himself at a transient hotel in St. Louis , where he encounters a gallery of colorful characters who care about him , but lack even the resources to take care of themselves .
As the money runs out and his supplies dwindle , there ’s a heartbreaking scene in which Bradford cuts out pictures of food from a magazine , lays them out on the table like a private Thanksgiving feast , and dines on paper .
Advertisement
7. Nobody Knows ( 2004 )
Like King Of The Hill , Hirokazu Kore - eda ’s Nobody Knows is about children left to fend for themselves after their parents abandon them .
But in Nobody Knows there are four kids , all squatting together in a ratty apartment , with a stack of cash that keeps dwindling .
In the early going , the tiny tribe enjoys spending days on end playing videogames and eating junk food , but as the weeks and months wear on and they have to shed more and more of their possessions , their lives become dreary and dirty and uncomfortable , and they have to resort to scrounging ( as surreptitiously as they can , so that they do n’t inadvertently alert the authorities ) .
In one of the movie ’s most affecting scenes , the oldest brother makes a last - ditch effort to contact their mother , pumping coin after coin into a payphone and never making the connection .
And that money ’s just gone .
[ pagebreak ]
8. Stroszek ( 1977 )
One of Werner Herzog ’s strangest films , and probably his most depressing ( it ’s the movie Ian Curtis watched right before he hung himself , and no wonder ) , Stroszek manages to flip the standard narrative of an impoverished immigrant coming to America to build a fortune completely on its ear .
Perpetually broke street musician Bruno Stroszek ( played by perpetually broke street musician Bruno Schleinstein , for whom Herzog wrote the film ) decides to move from Germany to Wisconsin with his prostitute girlfriend and elderly neighbor , but quickly finds out that the New World is n’t quite as welcoming as he ’d imagined .
He falls back into his bad habits , and soon enough his girl goes back to turning tricks just to make ends meet .
It ’s not long before she leaves him flat .
Desperate and out of ideas , kicked off their land , and barely able to make sense of their surroundings , Bruno and his old friend rob a barber shop , and , well , it pretty much goes downhill from there .
A morbid tonic to every scrappy - immigrant - makes - good story ever told , Stroszek is a deeply weird movie that nonetheless speaks to an altogether too common experience .
9. Workingman 's Death ( 2005 )
If the job market 's got you down — and you have the time , money and capability to be looking at this — consider Michael Glawogger 's documentary .
With the tracking - shot virtuosity of Stanley Kubrick and an implacable eye for human cruelty and suffering , Glawogger profiles five of the world 's worst jobs : the unsanitary mines of Ukraine are just a warm - up for men carrying sulfur down tiny ledges from Indonesian volcanoes .
Bloodiest of all is the Nigerian meat - slaughtering market , where Glawogger glides through animals having their throats slit , with blood coming at the camera and running down the ground in every direction .
And these jobs are always available and will never go away in places where even a humble grocery - store position simply is n't an option .
10 . Rosetta ( 2002 )
The Dardenne brothers , Luc and Jean - Pierre , have devoted themselves to chronicling the underclass in raw , handheld naturalistic docudramas like La Promesse , L’Enfant , and The Silence Of Lorna , but never with quite the urgent simplicity of their Palme D’Or- winning masterpiece Rosetta .
Powered by a tenacious performance by non-actor Émilie Dequenne , the film takes place in the industrial wasteland of Seraing , Belgium , where the Dequenne ’s eponymous character lives hand - to - mouth , trying to scrape together enough money to keep her trailer and tend to her alcoholic mother .
She does n’t take rejection well :
When informed that she ’s been laid off , she assaults her startled boss in a fit of rage and desperation , literally clinging to her job .
Following her just over the shoulder as she scraps for survival , the Dardennes are so effective at defining the narrow parameters of her world that the wild - eyed Dequenne resembles something like a caged animal .
Advertisement
11 . Dark Days ( 2000 )
The subjects of Dark Days , Marc Singer ’s documentary following a community of homeless people living in the tunnels underneath New York ’s Penn Station , take pains to differentiate their dark , dank underground lifestyles from the indignity of living on the street .
They paint and decorate the walls of their “ homes , ” use TVs and electric shavers plugged directly into city ’s grid , and cook meatballs on a hotplate .
But all the unexpected conveniences of the underworld cannot disguise the intense poverty that Singer ’s gritty black - and - white film exposes .
Rats scuttle underfoot , trains constantly shake the cardboard shantytown , and its residents pass the time hustling for food , money , or drugs and sharing the various horror stories that led them underground .
The extent to which Singer ’s subjects have internalized their poverty is striking — in an early sequence , an old - timer teases a young man who says he does n’t think of himself as “ homeless ” — and the ingenuity and survival instincts on display throughout the tunnel community indicate a deep - set recognition that this could very well be as good as life gets .
The film ’s final scenes put an unexpectedly uplifting twist on the story of the underground - city - dwellers — after Amtrak runs them out of the tunnels , a homeless - advocacy group helps move them into Section - 8 housing — but it does n’t do much to dilute the stark images of absolute poverty that precede it .
12 . The Death Of Mr. Lazarescu ( 2005 )
Mr. Lazarescu ( Ion Fiscuteanu ) is n't feeling too good , so he calls the ambulance .
During the lengthy , hour - plus wait , his neighbors lecture him about how he drinks too much and offer little in the aid of help .
When the ambulance finally comes , he has to be shuttled from one hospital to another — a bloody traffic accident has pushed Bucharest 's already over - taxed hospitals over capacity — so it 's up to an ambulance attendant ( Luminita Gheorghiu ) to see that he 's eventually taken in somewhere .
He is , at the fourth hospital , by which point he 's too raving and delirious to fill out the paperwork everyone insists he has to , and vital scans have to be bartered for personal favors .
Cristi Puiu 's film is a depressing , jolting , and often blackly funny look not just at a decaying medical infrastructure , but in the ways underpaid people 's egos tend to destroy their professional competence ; even seemingly competent staff refuse to perform their duties the moment they fear paperwork wo n't be processed or they think they 're being disrespected .
It 's a cautionary tale not just about health care , but about employee morale .
13 . Withnail & I ( 1987 )
The title characters of Bruce Robinson ’s bone - dry British comedy are impoverished by choice : they ’re unemployed actors ( played by Richard E. Grant and Paul McGann ) living in a cold - water flat and spending their days bouncing from pub to pub , spending their utility money on booze .
When things get so bad that they ’re passing around a tube of vapor - rub to stay warm , Grant persuades his rich gay uncle Richard Griffiths to lend them his country cottage , in exchange for a free shot at the unwitting McGann .
But when the two layabouts arrive in the sticks , they find their accommodations every bit as bare and chilly as home .
Fortunately for them , Griffiths is on his way with food and heating supplies .
Unfortunately for McGann , he ’s ready for recompense .
14 . Killer Of Sheep ( 1977 )
Most movies about poverty concentrate on the extremes , showing people who are abandoned , jobless , and desperate .
Charles Burnett ’s Killer Of Sheep is about a working - class community in Watts where most of the people work from dawn to dusk , but still do n’t have any money .
In a series of loosely connected scenes , Burnett shows how something as mundane as a flat tire can ruin a family outing , how an attempt to buy a rusty car engine from a neighborhood pimp can go comically awry when the equipment is n’t properly secured , and howk with no toys to speak of , the kids in the neighborhood resort to rock fights .
15 . Pather Panchali ( 1955 )
The first of Satyajit Ray ’s tremendous “ Apu Trilogy ” is the one that most expressly deals with the title character ’s impoverished upbringing in a tiny Indian village .
The trilogy is never saturated with despair ; it ’s as much about shifts in social class , the generation gap , and the coming of modernity as it is about wealth and poverty , and it maintains many elements of lightness and humor to leaven its serious moments .
But there ’s still plenty of insightful and unforgettable scenes , particularly in Pather Panchali , that illuminate the daily humiliations that come with being poor .
Apu ’s father , played by Kanu Banerjee , is a country priest ( and would - be artist ) who has been beaten into timidity by failure ; he can barely bring himself to protest when his employers fail to pay him on time .
His sister ( Uma Dasgupta ) steals food and trinkets the family can never afford , and his mother ( Karuna Banerjee ) silently bears the insults of neighbors who call her the mother of a thief .
As in The Grapes of Wrath , the family eventually leaves their age - old home only when they literally cannot afford to stay , but at least the sequels bring a sense of hope .
16 . Harlan County U.S.A. ( 1976 )
There have certainly been no shortage of documentaries about poverty lately and , sad to say , there are likely to be a whole lot more .
But in a sense , they ’re all the heirs of Barbara Kopple ’s Harlan County U.S.A .
A filmed record of the Brookside Mine strike against the Duke Power Company in Harlan County , KY , it documents one of the last great labor struggles before the presidency of Ronald Reagan helped permanently cripple the union movement in the 1980s .
Moving , stirring , and often shocking , the documentary shows to what lengths workers were willing to go in order to gain what amounted to extremely minor financial benefits , for what is likely the most dangerous work in America ; it ’s also a chilling reminder that anti-union violence is hardly a forgotten relic of the 1930s .
Though explicitly pro-union , Harlan County U.S.A. is n’t sentimental in its treatment of the workers and their bitter struggle ; it simply shows them striving for a tiny bit of dignity against wealthy forces they can barely fathom , and amongst poverty and despair that they may never escape .
Kopple was allowed an unprecedented access to the lives of the miners and their families — and she almost paid a terrible price for the privilege .
[ pagebreak ]
17 . Dogville ( 2003 )
Lars von
Trier ’s particular genius is for taking the assumptions and implications of Hollywood filmmaking and pushing them to their logical extremes , forcing us to own up to the often - hidden realities behind the fantasy .
So it was no surprise that when he took on a story of the Great Depression , he eschewed the obvious route of portraying poverty in such a way that the visceral imagery would do all of the emotional work for him .
Instead , he made his impoverished Rocky Mountain village of Dogville a stripped - down , minimalist stage set , an elegant Negative Zone version of Our Town .
Von Trier refuses to let the image do his talking ; instead , he shows the impact of poverty and desperation through psychology .
In his nightmarish vision of the Depression , the oppressed kick downward and the exploited become the exploiters at the first opportunity : Lying to themselves more in every scene , the denizens of Dogville treat Nicole Kidman ’s fugitive gangster ’s moll worse and worse , always under the guise of helping and protecting her .
As is often the case with poverty - stricken communities , in the end there is no justice , only a cycle of cruelty and vengeance .
18 . Grave Of The Fireflies ( 1988 )
During a recession , money is on everyone 's minds ; how much is left , how to make the most of it , and where to get more when it 's all gone .
But money is just a means to an end .
Poverty is really about being unable to provide for the basic needs of life , and there are times when all the money in the world wo n't help .
Set in Japan near the end of the Second World War , the animated film Grave Of The Fireflies centers on two children , Seita and his toddler sister , Setsuko .
After their mother dies , Seita and Setsuko go to live with their aunt ; but the aunt begrudges the effort to keep them , and the food they eat , and eventually Seita and Setsuko strike out on their own , setting up house in an unoccupied air shelter .
There 's money left in their mother 's bank account , but as the war drags to a close , local supplies dwindle , until there 's no one left to buy food from .
Seita resorts to stealing , but is quickly caught and beaten , and despite the intervention of a sympathetic police officer , he and his sister gradually starve to death .
It 's bleak , uncompromising , and incredibly painful to watch ; instead of distancing the audience , the animation lowers the viewer 's guard , promising a happy ending that , as is obvious in the first five minutes , will never come .
19 . Push : Based On The Novel By Sapphire ( 2009 )
Lee Daniels ’
Sundance favorite , due for a wider release later this year , follows Gabourney “ Gabby ” Sidibe , a morbidly obese black teenager in ‘ 80s New York whose life would have to improve considerably just to qualify as bleak .
She ’s pregnant with a second baby by her father , verbally and physically abused by her monstrous welfare - queen mother ( Mo’Nique , in a revelatory performance ) , and , oh yeah , ca n’t read .
Sibide lives in a pre-Giuliani hellscape of spiritual and financial poverty until an inspirational teacher ( Paula Patton ) plants a seed of hope .
And you thought getting your latest 401 K statement was depressing .
Advertisement
20 . Man's Castle ( 1933 )
Spencer Tracy meets a down - and - out Loretta Young and takes her to dinner at a restaurant .
Then he announces — to both her and the maitre d's considerable surprise — that he can't pay for dinner and it's just shameful how the restaurant throws away food every day .
With his proper dress clothes , Tracy can get by , but he actually lives in Central Park , in one of the innumerable Hoovervilles ( makeshift shanty towns ) that existed during the Great Depression .
There actually was a Hooverville in Central Park from 1931 - 33 ( landscaping projects were ongoing ) , but conventional realism is n't the aim of this typically swoony Frank Borzage film .
Tracy looks out for Young — his odd jobs are enough to get her an oven — but he always seeks to resume his nomadic ways , literally getting distracted every time a train whistle blows .
As a result , he tends to treat her very badly indeed .
Whether or not that 's due to the Depression making his life harder to live or just because he 's a jerk is up for debate .
21 . Mad Max ( 1979 )
When people think of a world where the economic system has failed , gasoline is worth more than human life , and angry citizens have turned against each other , they do n’t think of our world , they think of Mad Max .
Thankfully , our world is n’t quite as bad as the post - apocalyptic wasteland depicted inGeorge Miller ’s 1979 exploitation classic , where marauding gangs dressed in S&M gear engage in death - defying car chases and brazenly murder women and children .
But while the specifics have been exaggerated in Mad Max the big picture still looks disconcertingly similar to our current reality .
If people keep losing their homes , they really will have to take to the road and do whatever ’s necessary to survive .
Chains and leather gear can get expensive , though , so our real - life marauders will probably skip those .
California Solar Initiative Had Most MW Applications in a Day Ever
February 28th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
[ social_buttons ]
As an alternative energy innovation junkie I used to get my climate cooling news from scouring the web , but recently made a green job transfer into California ’s very innovation - driven alternative energy industry and have been on such a very steep learning curve ( for me ) that I got out of that reading loop a bit .
But I am learning how to estimate and design solar systems , so now I get emailed inside news as it breaks from within the solar industry :
On Monday , February 9th 2009 , the California Solar Incentive program received 11 Megawatts worth of Non-Residential Reservation Requests for installations from California businesses .
This is the highest MW total in one day that PG&E has seen in the rebates it administers for the CSI program .
This is not just Movave Desert type of massive utility - scale installations like PG&E and other utilities are doing – because these are not in the rebate program .
I ’m in Northern California where our utility is decoupled and so it is very strongly supportative of us installing more solar power .
This is unlike the South , say , where utilities charge you less if you use more !
That ’s a good example of a perverse subsidy .
Our electric company makes more money by getting more of us off their grid .
The great advantage of a decoupled utility .
So the Northern California electric company ( PG&E ) offers a rebate — dependent on how well we solar estimators design our systems – ( lousy rebate for designing a North - facing , in the shade , at a 45 degree angle – great rebate if perfectly aligned to send the maximum of electrons to the grid – you get the picture ) and the rebate gradually goes down in steps over the years as more solar gets put up .
For instance , last year when I ’d first looked at the solar rebate for my own home , it would have reduced my cost by about $ 6,400 , but now it has gone down .
PG&E current initial rebate is at the Step 5 level : so the rebate at the rate of $ 1.55 per watt installed comes to about $ 5,000 for the average homeowner .
But within about two years ( at this rate of adoption ) the rebate will be down from $ 1.55 to about only .10 cents a watt .
Here ’s the first email from PG&E :
( I withold the name and title for privacy )
> From : <> >
Subject : PG&E Commercial CSI Incentive Moving Close to Step 6 > Date : Monday , February 9 , 2009 , 10:36 PM > > Solar Community in Northern and Central California : > > > >
I hope this finds you all well .
> > > >
As of this email , we want to inform you that there are > almost less > > than 4 MWs available under the non-residential Step 5 > incentive before > > we move down to Step 6 .
With your continued success > under the CSI > > program , between January 2nd and February 5th , > PG&E received 82 > > non-residential applications which accounted for > approximately 11 MWs. > > > >
If you and your customer have a potential project and > have not > > submitted your non-residential application at this > time , we encourage > > you to send in your complete documentation for those > projects which > > includes the application fee ( if applicable ) .
>
Submitting the > > application fee with the initial application , will > ensure that PG&E > > can process these applications quicker .
Please follow > the criteria > > below for submitting the application fee .
This change > to make things > > easier was implemented at the end of last year .
> > > > kW > kW < FEE > > 10 – 50 = $ 1,250 > > 50 – 100 = $ 2,500 > > 100 – 250 = $ 5,000 > > 250 – 500 = $ 10,000 > > 500 – 1,000 = $ 20,000 > > > >
You and your customers will be notified of the > incentive level > > assigned to your project upon approval of your > reservation .
> > > >
For specific project - related questions , please contact > the project > > manager assigned to that project .
For an updated > status on your > > application please visit : https://pge.powerclerk.com. >
And for the > > status of the current incentive rate please visit : > >
http://www.csi-trigger.com/.
If you have a > reservation , and the > > project is NOT going to happen , please cancel your > project so the > > step MW can be maximized .
> > > >
As you can see , the number of PG&E customers going > solar and joining > > the fight against climate change is growing fast — > we ’ve now > > interconnected over 28,000 solar systems to the grid > since 2001 and > > interconnected over 1,100 systems in the month of >
January , and we are > > committed to increasing this through joint outreach > and educational > > efforts .
If you or any members of your team are in > need of > > educational resources and brochures on the CSI > program , please contact > > > > > >
Thank you for continuing to make solar such a success > in California . > > > > > > > > <> > > Sr. <> > > Solar and Customer Generation > > CSI / SGI Programs > > Pacific Gas & Electric Company
Two days later I got this second email :
From : <>
Subject : PGE non-residential under review at step 5 exceeds capacity To : Cc : <> Date : Wednesday , February 11 , 2009 , 2:48 PM PGE non-residential under review at step 5 exceeds capacitySolar Community in Northern and Central California :
After tallying up the numbers for reservations received , on Monday , February 9th 2009 , PG&E received 23 Non-Residential Reservation Requests totaling more than 11 MWs !
This is the highest MW total in one day that PG&E has seen in the CSI program .
At this time PG&E has received enough applications that are currently under review to reach our Step 5 capacity for Non-Residential applications .
Once this capacity has been reached , Non-Residential applications will be incentivized at the Step 6 level .
If you have already submitted an application to us , you will be notified of your incentive rate upon reservation , as we have not yet determined the exact cutoff date .
Please be aware that the incentive rate is not determined until a project is ready for a reservation .
In addition to reviewing the new applications received , PG&E is continuing to contact existing customers regarding their project status and whether these projects are still proceeding .
This is something we have been doing over the past year and we will continue to do this .
We want to ensure that we can maximize our kWs available in Step 5 if possible .
Therefore , if you have a reservation , and the project is NOT going to move forward , please let us know so we can cancel your project and add more kWs into Step 5 .
We also recognize that many projects are awaiting financing or federal stimulus dollars .
Please let our team know that when they contact you .
Also , we will be tracking those projects who tell us that they will be proceeding to insure that they move to completion .
And likely this information and tracking will be used in a follow - up CPUC workshop on the incentive steps and dropouts .
For new Non-Residential projects that have not submitted their applications at this time , PG&E suggests that these projects be positioned to Host Customers at Step 6 .
For an updated status on your application please visit : https://pge.powerclerk.com.
And for the status of the current incentive rate please visit : http://www.csi-trigger.com/.
Thank you for your support and efforts <> <>
Solar and Customer Generation PG&E ”
And that ’s the inside dope .
I am not sure if this has been covered already .
Like I say , I ’m pretty out of the loop these days !
But just in case you did n’t know ; better late than never .
Cool , huh .
Image :
The rotating azimuth tracker from cutting edge Spanish company Titan Tracker
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Feds probably wo n't charge anyone for destroying CIA tapes John Byrne
Published : Tuesday March 3 , 2009
Print This Email This Interrogators , incinerators likely to escape charges Even though he has yet to complete his investigation , a federal prosecutor has already signaled that he is unlikely to indict any CIA employees for incinerating 92 secret interrogation tapes that purportedly show suspects being waterboarded .
Lost in the flood of reports about the CIA admitting the destruction of 92 interrogation tapes in a government legal filing were new and potentially devastating details .
Sources close to an ongoing probe told The Washington Post that they expect no one at the CIA will be charged .
Obama CIA Director Leon Panetta previously told a confirmation committee that there were no plans to prosecute those involved in former President George W. Bush 's interrogation program , which critics -- and Panetta -- describe as torture .
But the new revelation that federal prosecutor John Durham wo n't charge CIA operations employees with what appears to have been obstruction of justice , raises the stakes even higher .
In fact , the CIA said it destroyed the tapes to protect the identities of agents involved in the interrogation program .
Further , the government knows who ordered the tapes destruction .
Then - directorate of operations chief Jose A. Rodriguez gave the order to destroy the tapes in 2005 .
Since then , the CIA says they 've discontinued taping detainees .
Federal prosecutor John " Durham appears unlikely to secure criminal indictments against Rodriguez and other agency operations personnel involved in the conduct , " three sources told the Post .
" In recent months , the prosecutor has focused special attention on CIA legal advisers who reviewed court directives and on agency lawyers who told Rodriguez that getting rid of the recordings was sloppy and unwise but that it did not amount to a clear violation of the law , the sources said .
The prosecutor has also obtained e-mail messages and internal memoranda that detail the " jarring or unpleasant substance " or the interrogations , the report added -- which purportedly include waterboarding .
" At issue are recordings that chronicle the interrogation of two senior al - Qaeda members ... while they underwent a simulated drowning practice known as waterboarding and in less hostile moments as they interacted with agency employees or sat in their prison cells , " government officials speaking under the condition of anonymity said .
According to the letter the government filed Monday disclosing the number of tapes destroyed , the agency has asked for an extension until Friday to provide the names of witnesses who might have viewed the tapes before they were destroyed .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Hangzhou Multicolor Chemical Co. , Ltd. ( Multicolor ) is specialized in researching , manufacturing and supplying full range colorants and Plastic Additives.such as Pigments , Pigment preparations , Textile auxiliaries etc .
It is located in Xiaoshan Hangzhou and near Xiaoshan International Airport for easy traffic access .
Multicolor aim to be a global supplier and key manufacturer in the Manufacturing and marketing of Organic Pigment and Pigment Dispersion ( Paste ) etc.by :
To put the customer first , create maximum value for our customers ;
To serve the present and future needs of our customer ;
To provide stable quality to our customers .
To be the customer 's agent in china , if it is possible .
Multicolor wish to become a reliable partner in china with mutual benefit .
Four executives of Google begin trial Tuesday in Milan on criminal charges of defamation and privacy violation in regard to a video posted on Google ’s Italian site .
The case involves a three - minute cellphone video , posted in 2006 to Google Video , in which four youths in Turin tease a boy with Down syndrome .
After an Italian advocacy group complained that the video was objectionable , Google quickly removed it from the site .
Prosecutors argue that the video should not have been published at all .
The four executives charged were not involved directly in handling video from Italy .
They include David Drummond , Google ’s senior vice president and chief legal officer ; George Reyes , its former chief financial officer ; and Peter Fleischer , Google ’s global privacy counsel , according to a Google spokesman .
The fourth executive worked at Google Video in London , the spokesman said , declining to identify him .
It is rare for Internet company executives to face personal criminal charges and possibly jail time for the actions of their companies .
“ To our knowledge , this is the first time an individual has been criminally charged for violation of data protection laws that occurred by the company he or she works for , ” said Trevor Hughes , the executive director of the International Association of Privacy Professionals , which wrote about the case in its newsletter Monday .
“ This suggests that privacy is going to be more of a battleground . ”
The case also raises again the question of whether Internet companies that allow users to submit content should screen items before they are published .
This issue has mainly come up in the United States with regard to copyrighted music and video , and United States copyright law is meant to protect online services from liability if they respond to complaints quickly .
There are similar provisions in Europe , including Italian law .
But there are questions about whether there are exceptions for young people and certain private information .
If the court holds that Google should have prevented the publication of the video simply because the subject did n’t authorize it , it could have very broad implications .
In Europe , the subject of a photograph or video typically has the right to say how the image is used .
But so far , charges have n’t been brought against user - generated content sites for hosting pictures posted without permission of the subjects .
In a statement , Google said the prosecution is misdirected :
Britain faces fresh accusations that it colluded in the rendering and alleged torture of a second UK resident now being held at Guantanamo Bay .
The new claims bring further pressure on ministers to come clean about the scale of the Government 's complicity in the rendition and torture of dozens of terror suspects captured by the Americans after 9/11 .
His case comes after that of Binyam Mohamed , 30 , released from the US naval base in Cuba last week , and whose claims of UK involvement in his torture are being investigated by the Attorney General .
Now allegations made by Shaker Aamer , the final British resident held at Guantanamo Bay , raise concerns that both MI5 and MI6 were widely involved in the US rendition and torture programme operated in Afghanistan and Pakistan after 9/11 .
Mr Aamer , 42 , says he was rendered from the Pakistan border to Afghanistan where he claims he was tortured .
He was passed by Pakistani groups to the Northern Alliance who sold him to the Americans .
The CIA arranged for his detention in Afghanistan and final transfer to Guantanamo Bay .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He adds that two MI6 or MI5 officers , a man and a woman , interrogated him after he had been subjected to beatings and sleep deprivation by the Americans while being held at a prison in Kandahar in January 2002 .
He has told his UK lawyers that the British woman officer called herself " Sally " .
A few weeks later he says an MI5 officer was present while he was being tortured by CIA agents in an interrogation cell at Bagram air base in Afghanistan in January or February 2002 .
This time he claims a man called " John " , who introduced himself as being from British intelligence , was in the room when his head was repeatedly " bounced " against a wall and he was told that he was going to die .
Mr Aamer 's statement will be used in a High Court challenge against the British government to force ministers to release information about his detention and interrogation in 2002 .
The new charges of British complicity in rendition and torture are the latest to be made against the British government which has always denied using torture or helping others use it .
But a series of embarrassing revelations has shown the public may not have been told the whole truth .
After blanket denials that the British overseas territory of Diego Garcia was used by the Americans for " torture flights " , the Foreign Secretary , David Miliband , was forced to admit last year that the UK Government had been misled by the US administration .
Mr Miliband said the British outpost on the Indian Ocean island had twice been used by the US as a refuelling stop for the secret transfer of two terrorism suspects in 2002 to Morocco and Guantanamo Bay .
Then , on Thursday , it was the turn of the Defence Secretary , John Hutton , to make an embarrassing admission to Parliament .
He told MPs that Britain had helped in the rendition of two Iraqis captured by British forces and sent to Afghanistan for interrogation by US agents as recently as 2004 .
Pressure is now growing on the Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary , Jack Straw , to say what he was told about the US rendition programme when he was Foreign Secretary between 2001 and 2006 .
Zachary Katznelson of the human rights charity Reprieve , representing Mr Aamer , said : " We must know whether MI5 or MI6 has information about Mr Aamer 's detention and torture so that we can show that any evidence against him obtained under such conditions cannot be relied on by the US in any prosecution . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Katznelson alleges Mr Aamer had been tortured by American agents for several days before he was interrogated by British intelligence officers .
He said : " Mr Aamer has told us that on one occasion he was beaten and his head was bounced against the wall .
They were screaming at him ' you are going to die ' .
He says that during this abuse a member of the British security services was present in the room who witnessed what was happening . "
From Bagram , Mr Aamer was flown to Guantanamo Bay , where he is on hunger strike in protest at his alleged mistreatment and continued separation from his family .
He also claims to have been beaten and tortured during his detention in Cuba .
Reprieve said the full story of Britain 's involvement in US rendition and torture had not been told and that ministers ' recent admissions were only the tip of the iceberg .
" This Government has misled us again and again , " said Reprieve executive director Clare Algar .
" Surely we must immediately have the public inquiry into the Government 's conduct of the ' War on Terror ' demanded by so many , " she said .
Andrew Tyrie MP , the chairman of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Extraordinary Rendition , says the latest revelations require a full inquiry into Britain 's role .
Mr Katznelson said Mr Aamer 's evidence showed British collusion in rendition and torture was " systemic " .
Binyam Mohamed also claims that British agents questioned him before he was sent to Morocco where he says he was brutally tortured before being taken to Cuba .
He also said one of the British officers who interrogated him introduced himself as " John " .
Mr Mohamed was arrested by Pakistani immigration officials at Karachi airport in April 2002 when intending to return to the UK .
He alleges that he was tortured in Pakistan , Morocco and Afghanistan between 2002 and 2004 , including being beaten , scalded and having his penis slashed with a scalpel .
The MI5 agent who interviewed Mr Mohamed in Pakistan in early 2002 told the High Court last year that the US and UK both wanted information from him because they regarded him as a terror threat .
The question was how it should best be obtained .
A telegram sent by MI5 requesting US permission to see Mr Mohamed made the case that the security service 's " knowledge of the UK scene may provide contextual background useful during any continuing interview process ...
This will place the detainee under more direct pressure . "
In his note of the meeting with the British resident , the MI5 officer recalled : " I told Mohamed he had an opportunity to help us and help himself .
The US authorities will be deciding what to do with him and this will depend to a very large degree on his degree of co-operation . "
Could witness B be the same MI5 agent who Shaker Aamer said had called himself " John " ?
Or was it coincidence that both British residents came up with same name for their interrogator ?
The truth may not be known until Britain releases secret evidence about the Mohamed case .
In a ruling last month , the High Court recommended that these documents be made public , but the judges stopped short of making it an order .
Lawyers for Mr Miliband had warned that intelligence relations with the US would be seriously harmed were the documents to see the light of day .
Lawyers believe these documents may also help to show whether " John " , or someone else from MI5 or MI6 , also interviewed Mr Aamer .
Mr Aamer , his wife and their three children left London in 2001 to go to Afghanistan to work with a children 's charity .
But Mr Aamer , a Saudi Arabian national who came to the UK in 1996 , was captured on the Pakistan border in December 2001 .
Mr Aamer was transferred to Kandahar and Bagram air base and then flown on to Guantanamo Bay .
For four years he has been held in solitary confinement because the Guantanamo camp guards believe he wields too much influence over other detainees .
He has never seen his youngest son , who was born after his capture .
Mr Aamer 's lawyers have filed a 16 - page claim arguing for his removal from isolation in Guantanamo Bay prison .
The British government has recently begun pressing the US administration for Mr Aamer 's release .
It is understood that a party of Foreign and Commonwealth Office officials who visited Mr Mohamed in Cuba shortly before he was cleared for release , also had limited contact with Mr Aamer , who has lost half his body weight after a series of hunger strikes .
An FCO spokesman said the Americans had told the British Government that they still had security concerns about Mr Aamer and would not release him .
A spokesman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said that they took Mr Aamer 's allegations very seriously and had launched an " urgent review " of the case .
He said that Britain did not carry out or collude in torture .
How the Government changed its story from denial to regret
No one told us
20 November , 2005
" These are privately chartered aircraft and they do n't need to tell us who is on board . "
Department of Transport
We do n't keep track of such things
22 November , 2005
" Where passengers do not leave the airfield , the MoD ... does not record details of passengers . "
Adam Ingram , then Defence minister
No one asked us
30 November , 2005
The Government is " not aware of the use of their territory or airspace for the purposes of extraordinary rendition , nor have we received any requests , [ or ] granted any permission for the use of UK territory or airspace for such purposes " .
Foreign Office
It never happened
5 December , 2005
" We have no evidence to corroborate media allegations about use of UK territory in rendition operations . "
Foreign Office
We have no record
13 December , 2005
" Careful research has been unable to identify any occasion ... when we have received a request for permission by the United States for a rendition through the United Kingdom territory or airspace ....
Unless we all start to believe in conspiracy theories ... there is simply no truth in claims that the UK has been involved in rendition . "
Jack Straw , then Foreign Secretary
There 's no evidence
22 December , 2005
" I have absolutely no evidence to suggest that anything illegal has been happening here at all .
" I am not going to start ordering inquiries into this , that or the next thing when I have got no evidence to show whether this is right or not . "
Tony Blair , then Prime Minister
We 've done nothing illegal
20 January , 2006
" Anything we do in relation to rendition is in compliance with our international obligations .
We fulfil our legal obligations . "
Tony Blair 's spokesman
They 'd have to ask us first
16 February , 2006
" We have made clear to [ the US ] we expect them to seek permission to render detainees via British airspace . "
Ian Pearson , then Foreign Office minister
We 've never given permission
7 October , 2006
" Mr Hoon ... made clear that the British Government has not approved and will not approve a policy of supporting the transfer of individuals through the UK to places where there are substantial grounds to suspect that they face the risk of torture . "
Foreign Office
OK , they did it twice .
But that 's all
25 February , 2008
" The two flights from the US already identified are the only ones we are aware of . "
Foreign Office
Yes , we were involved .
And we should n't have been
27 February , 2009
" In retrospect , it is clear to me that the transfer to Afghanistan of these two individuals should have been questioned at the time . "
John Hutton , Defence Secretary
Tiny links for your
private domain
For $ 49 / year , you 'll have your own tiny link service ( with stats ) .
We 'll even help you find and
register a cool short name .
Over at Slate.com 's XX Factor blog , Susannah Breslin writes :
Not long ago , I was contacted by a representative from Médecins Sans Frontières , or Doctors Without Borders , who pointed me to Condition : Critical , an online project that seeks to give voice to victims of violence in Congo .
I 've written about the situation in Congo here previously ; New York Times East Africa bureau chief Jeffrey Gettleman has done an amazing job of chronicling the atrocities and their aftermath in a civil war - torn country where rape is used as a war tactic .
" According to the United Nations , " Gettleman reported , " 27,000 sexual assaults were reported in 2006 in South Kivu Province alone , and that may be just a fraction of the total number across the country . "
Condition : Critical looks to bridge the gap between Congo and the outside world with testimonies , videos , and photographs focusing on Congolese women who are victims of sexual violence , who emerge from the jungle after being kidnapped , raped , and enslaved by soldiers , who in some cases are unable to speak .
Gettleman : " Many have been so sadistically attacked from the inside out , butchered by bayonets and assaulted with chunks of wood , that their reproductive and digestive systems are beyond repair . "
The shells of tiny ocean animals known as foraminifera — specifically Globigerina bulloides — are shrinking as a result of the slowly acidifying waters of the Southern Ocean near Antarctica .
The reason behind the rising acidity : Higher carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) levels in the atmosphere , making these shells more proof that climate change is making life tougher for the seas ' shell - builders .
Marine scientist Andrew Moy at the Antarctic Climate & Ecosystems Cooperative Research Center ( ACE ) in Hobart , Tasmania , and his Australian colleagues report in Nature Geoscience this week that they made this finding after comparing G. bulloides shells in ocean cores collected along the South Tasman Rise in 1995 with samples from traps collected between 1997 and 2004 .
The cores provide records that stretch back 50,000 years .
" We knew there were changes in carbonate chemistry of the surface ocean associated with the large - scale glacial - interglacial cycles in CO 2 [ levels ] , and that these past changes were of similar magnitude to the anthropogenic changes we are seeing now , " says study co-author William Howard , a marine geologist at ACE .
" The Southern [ Ocean ] works well [ to study this issue ] as it is a region where anthropogenic CO 2 uptake , and thus acidification , has progressed more than in other regions .
Other variables , such as temperature , have changed , but not as much . "
The researchers found that modern G. bulloides could not build shells as large as the ones their ancestors formed as recently as century ago .
In fact , modern shells were 35 percent smaller than in the relatively recent past — an average of 17.4 micrograms compared with 26.8 micrograms before industrialization .
( One microgram is one millionth of a gram ; there are 28.3 grams in an ounce . )
" We do n't yet know what impact this will have on the organisms ' health or survival , " Howard says , but one thing seems clear : the tiny animals wo n't be storing as much CO 2 in their shells in the form of carbonate .
" If the shell - making is reduced , the storage of carbon in the ocean might be , as well . "
That 's bad news for the climate , because the ocean is responsible for absorbing at least one quarter of the CO 2 that humans load into the air through fossil fuel burning and other activities — and it is the action of foraminifera and other tiny shell - building animals , along with plants like algae that lock it away safely for millennia .
It will be harder to get such a clear sign in a shell from other ocean regions — as variables like temperature and the amount of minerals available can significantly change the chemistry of a given ocean region .
As Howard noted , the Southern Ocean has absorbed lots of manmade CO 2 while temperatures and nutrients have not changed as much , making it more ideal for studying ocean acidification than other areas .
Scientists examining foraminifera in the Arabian Sea , however , have found similar results , and Howard speculates the situation may be similar in the North Atlantic region , because it also absorbs a significant chunk of manmade CO 2 .
Howard says that CO 2 emissions must be cut or captured and stored permanently in some fashion to halt this gradual acidification of the world 's oceans .
In the meantime , he adds , it 's likely that many of the other shell - building oceanic animals are suffering similar fates as G. bulloides .
h /t jjp
GOP traitors appoint Obama Junior as Chairman of the Republican Party
Damn , Damn , DAMN !!!
When I read this hotmess over at Jack and Jill Politics , I was like WTF !!!
But , after you sit back and read David Duke , the reality is this , " that is the Rush Limbaugh part of the party " .
This is the part that called Obama a terrorist and everything else under the sun during the McCain / Palin rallies .
This is what many Americans saw on television and turned it off with disgust .
But , again that is the reality of the Republican Party .
This is a hard right party , Michael Steele is a moderate republican who happens to be black .
The only thing left for the Republican Party are the sentiments of the Rush Limbaughs and David Dukes who rile up the worst in many Americans , but offer nothing in solutions but never fail to dish up more hate and rhetoric .
This is what the Republican Party has ran on since the Nixon Southern Strategy in the late 60s .
This worked well , but the problem is that America is a huge melting pot and the minorities by 2024 will be the majority , not White America .
The Republican Party has alienated many that are non-white so hard , that it will take many years , possibly decades for them to make in - roads again .
In other words , the David Dukes and Rush Limbaughs only address a small part of America and that America did not make a difference at the ballot box in November .
Read David Duke , here :
When a reporter for the Washington Post interviewed me on the appointment , this is what I said :
I am glad these traitorous leaders of the Republican Party appointed this Black racist , affirmative action advocate to the head of the Republican party because this will lead to a huge revolt among the Republican base .
As a former Republican official , I can tell you that millions of rank - and - file Republicans are mad as hell and are n’t going to take it anymore !
We will either take the Republican Party back over the next four years or we will say , “ To Hell With the Republican Party ! ”
And we will take 90 percent of Republicans with us into a New Party that will take its current place !
I think the insanity of nominating “ Mr. Amnesty ” John McCain and now this Black racist — will lead to insurgency in the Republican ranks , and a lot of dissidents getting elected in Republican Party primaries around the country .
This will result over the next four years a real move by millions of Republicans to take the party back to the populist issues that are not only right but can win for the Republican Party .
We must end affirmative action , protect our gun rights and all our constitutional rights , have a moratorium on immigration , we must have protectionism , yes I said protect American businesses and their workers from NAFTA and GATT and the lie of free trade , and we must have America First , not foreign interventionism .
Our boys should be home protecting the American borders a not being murdered on the borders of Iraq or Afghanistan .
The time has come for Republican Party to stand up to Obama and defend American heritage , rights , and freedom !
This is what the Republican Party and Michael Steele have to deal with .
The GOP let this slide for years because race baiting worked , now after getting obliterated in November and saw that minority voters made a huge impact , they NOW are looking for anyone with COLOR to throw up there as " the Republican Leader " too .
It is the Dukes and Limbaughs that took the independents , middle away from them and that is how they lost in November .
But they can't see that , how can they with people like Duke in their party !!!
They are in a bad way , for a very long time .
Read the rest of Duke , here .
The research was done using fibroblast skin cells
The ability to create stem cell treatments without using embryos is a step closer , say researchers .
A UK and Canadian team have manipulated human skin cells to act like embryonic stem cells without using viruses - making them safer for use in humans .
The cells are reprogrammed by the insertion of four genes which are then removed once the process is complete , they report in Nature .
While a significant step it is early days , the Edinburgh - based experts say .
Much of the work on stem cells has focused on those taken from embryos as they have an unlimited capacity to become any of the 220 types of cell in the human body - a so - called pluripotent state .
But campaigners have objected to their use on the grounds that it is unethical to destroy embryos in the name of science .
It is a step towards the practical use of reprogrammed cells in medicine , perhaps even eliminating the need for human embryos as a source of stem cells
Dr Keisuke Kaji , study leader
In 2007 , teams in Japan and the US managed to genetically modify skin cells to be pluripotent , opening the way for a new source of stem cells for use in research .
However , the technique used viruses to genetically modify the cells , which means there was a risk they could become cancerous and so would not be safe for medical use .
The latest study reports a way of delivering foreign genes to reprogramme the cells without using viruses in mouse and human cells .
Furthermore , the team was able to remove the genes afterwards .
Efficiency Study leader Dr Keisuke Kaji , from the Medical Research Council Centre for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Edinburgh , said nobody , including himself , had thought it was really possible .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" It is a step towards the practical use of reprogrammed cells in medicine , perhaps even eliminating the need for human embryos as a source of stem cells , " he said .
But he added they needed to improve the efficiency of the process .
Co-author Professor Andras Nagy , from the University of Toronto , added : " We hope that these stem cells will form the basis for treatment for many diseases and conditions that are currently considered incurable . "
Professor Sir Ian Wilmut , director of Edinburgh centre where the research was done and the creator of Dolly the sheep , said it would still take time before these cells could be given to patients .
" Crucially , we need to have a method to generate the desired cell types from these stem cells .
" But I believe the team has made great progress and combining this work with that of other scientists working on stem cell differentiation , there is hope that the promise of regenerative medicine could soon be met . "
Professor Robin Lovell - Badge , head of the MRC National Institute for Medical Research , said the research was an exciting step in the right direction but there was still a long road ahead .
" For the time being I think it rather premature to suggest that their work will completely remove the need to derive human stem cells from embryos . "
He added there was still a lot to learn from human embryonic stem cells in order to know whether stem cells reprogrammed from adult cells are truly useful or not .
Josephine Quintavalle , of Comment on Reproductive Ethics , said : " This is ethical stem cell research at its best , with embryonic - type stem cells derived successfully from adult tissue without involving human embryos . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Heavy snow has fallen across large parts of England disrupting travel and closing schools as forecasters warned of the most severe snow for six years .
South - east England was hardest hit , with London buses pulled from service and Gatwick airport closing for a time .
The snow also resulted in jack - knifed lorries blocking the M1 and the M25 .
The Met Office has issued an extreme weather warning for England , Wales and parts of eastern Scotland .
More snow is forecast later and on Tuesday .
Up to 6in ( 15 cm ) of snow was predicted in Kent , London , Surrey and Hampshire as temperatures plummeted overnight .
' Dangerous driving ' Heathrow Airport has had to shut one of its two runways and says it will take about two hours to reopen .
There are " significant " delays and cancellations .
London City Airport is currently closed .
Gatwick and Stansted airports are open , although fewer aircraft are able to take off .
Some 23 flights had to be cancelled and 18 diverted to other airports after Gatwick closed its runway for two hours on Sunday evening .
There is no service on the Gatwick Express .
IMPACT OF THE SNOWFALL London buses withdrawn Gatwick Airport temporarily closed Passengers stranded at Gatwick Train services cancelled Jack - knifed lorries obstruct M1 and M25 A BBC reporter at Gatwick said many people were stranded there with trains services cancelled and taxis out of service due to gridlock on the M25 , and that long queues had built up for hotels .
Passengers due to fly out during the day are being urged to double - check that their flights are not affected before they begin their journeys .
Transport for London said all London buses had been withdrawn from service due " to adverse weather and dangerous driving conditions " .
Scotland Yard said it had reports of a number of crashes in the early hours , though no - one was seriously hurt .
The Highways Agency said people should only take essential journeys A BBC reporter said he saw many people left confused and distressed after waiting for long periods for buses , only to see them drive past without being in service .
There are also problems on some London Underground lines , with the Circle and Hammersmith and City lines suspended .
And all services are currently suspended until further notice on Southeastern Trains .
There are warnings of hazardous conditions on the M6 in Greater Manchester , while the M60 , M66 and M602 have also been affected by the snow .
The M25 is closed clockwise between Reigate and Leatherhead , junctions 8 and 9 and there are reports of several vehicles becoming stuck in the snow .
' Flirting with hypothermia '
The Met Office is warning of severe weather for much of the country over the coming days , in what is expected to become the heaviest snowfall since January 2003 .
The London - bound M20 in Kent was temporarily closed between junction nine at the Ashford turn - off and junction eight at the Leeds Castle turn - off because of the treacherous conditions .
The Highways Agency said there have been too many minor accidents on the roads " to put a number on " .
The agency recommended people should only take essential journeys .
One motorist , driving in the Midlands , told the BBC conditions were much clearer there , but highway officers told him they had responded to 1,735 incidents over a 24 - hour period in the East Midlands alone .
The Highways Agency said the organisation was well prepared to deal with snowfall over roads after criticism over its reaction to severe weather in 2003 .
It added that the number of traffic officer patrols had been increased , there were extra staff to control rooms across the country and gritters had been working through the night .
The AA have warned motorists to ensure they keep warm clothes in their vehicles if they were planning to go out , or else risk " flirting with hypothermia " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Insemination fight ends in wife 's arrest
Posted Monday , December 13 , 2010 6:19 am
Do n't miss the big stories .
Like us on Facebook .
Pittsfield police responded to a call shortly before 4:30 p.m. Tuesday in the city 's Morningside neighborhood , where the assault allegedly occurred .
Stephanie K. Lighten , 26 , was released on personal recognizance after denying the allegations in Central Berkshire District Court Wednesday morning .
Jennifer A. Lighten , 33 , told police that Stephanie Lighten , her wife , was " all liquored up " when she returned to their Lincoln Street apartment , where the defendant then allegedly tried to use a syringe to inseminate her , according to a police report .
Jennifer told investigating officers that Stephanie " has been talking about trying to impregnate ( her ) for some time , " police said .
According to a report by Pittsfield Police Officer Kipp D. Steinman : " Jennifer said that Stephanie had a ' turkey baster and her brother 's semen in a sealed container . '
Jennifer said she told Stephanie that she did n't want to get pregnant . "
The device was actually a large syringe with a catheter tip , police said , and it was still in its original package when officers confiscated the item .
Article Continues After Advertisement
That 's allegedly when Stephanie threw Jennifer on the couch , grabbed at her clothes and threatened to impregnate her , police said .
Jennifer broke free , ran into the bathroom and locked the door .
Stephanie " then broke the bathroom door down , " police said , hurting her wrist in the process .
Article Continues After These Ads
When Stephanie went to retrieve an ice pack from the freezer , Jennifer bolted from the apartment and attempted to get away in the couple 's sport utility vehicle , police said .
As Jennifer pulled away from the scene , Stephanie " jumped on the side of their vehicle , swung the door open and made ( Jennifer ) stop , " Steinman said .
According to Officer John Bassi , a witness at the scene claimed Stephanie " was hanging on the SUV door handle , trying to get into the car . "
Amber Hunt told Bassi that Stephanie nearly caused an accident when the vehicle narrowly missed hitting a tree in the front yard of Hunt 's Spring Street home .
Article Continues After Advertisement
Police arrested Stephanie Lighten near the intersection of Spring and Curtis streets in Morningside .
Police also confiscated the container of semen and some aluminum foil , which was originally used to hold the semen .
Nicholas Lighten , Stephanie Lighten 's brother , was the donor , according to police .
Detective Thomas H. Harrington said Jennifer Lighten declined " to go forward with charges of assault with intent to rape " because she did not believe " Stephanie was going to sexually assault her with the syringe . "
However , Harrington informed the alleged victim that attempted rape charges could be filed if she changes her mind .
Stephanie Lighten was represented by attorney Thomas J. Donahue Jr. at Wednesday 's arraignment .
Judge Rita S. Koenigs ordered Lighten to " refrain from abuse " and to return to court for an April 29 pretrial hearing .
Here 's a link we have to break : the association , both real and imagined , between environmentalism and alternative medicine .
Prince Charles springs to mind .
Environmentalism is , or should be , a movement led by scientific findings .
I see the role of environmentalists as being to explore and explain the implications of what the science – whether on climate change , habitat loss , biodiversity , fisheries , pollution or resource depletion — is saying , and how this should translate into public policy .
We should try at all times to be rigorous .
And we should kill our darlings – our enthusiasm for solar panels , for example , or our rigid opposition to nuclear power — if the facts demand it .
This does n't mean that we have to be motivated by the science .
My environmentalism arises from both a deep love of the natural world and a strong sense of the injustices done to vulnerable people : it 's an emotional impulse , in other words .
But we must at all times be informed by it .
There is no room for wishful thinking .
What is the point of dedicating your life to campaigning , only to discover that you have wasted it because the facts do n't support you ?
There is a subtle difference between sticking to your principles – justice for the living and the unborn , the defence of a healthy biosphere , for example – and sticking to your beliefs .
We must doubt everything , question everything , believe nothing until it has been demonstrated , and even then subject it to continued scepticism and enquiry .
Above all , we must never allow ourselves to imagine that we are finally and definitively right about anything .
The great majority of alternative medicine , by contrast , relies to some degree on wishful thinking .
Indeed , as the admirable Ben Goldacre keeps showing , such efficacy as it might possess is largely due to a deep and subtle variety of wishful thinking known as the placebo effect .
Yet despite the fact that these two disciplines are , or should be , chalk and cheese , I know plenty of people who subscribe to both : who call themselves environmentalists but who use , promote or practice alternative medicine .
The most famous example is Prince Charles , who has just been attacked by Edzard Ernst , professor of alternative medicine at Exeter university , for promoting " outright quackery " and engaging in " make - believe and superstition " by selling something called Duchy Herbals Detox Tincture .
The facts , as Rose Shapiro 's excellent book , Suckers , explains , appear to favour Professor Ernst .
Prince Charles is a complex character .
Sometimes he makes a good deal of sense .
What he said about the Mumbai slums last month was daring but , I think , broadly right .
In Santiago on Monday , he spoke persuasively about the link between poverty and climate change .
At other times he talks nonsense .
He put the campaign against GM foods on the map but he also wrecked his case , by waffling on about God and the natural order rather than the genuine threat to global food security caused by the corporate control of the food chain .
Either way , I believe that he should decide whether he is a prince or a pundit .
Because the prominence of the heir to the throne 's political views results solely from his inherited position , rather than from his persuasiveness or eloquence , his outspokenness looks to me like an abuse of power .
Progressives who support his right to speak out without abdicating should consider how they would feel if he shared the opinions of his maternal grandmother who – as Francis Wheen explained in the Guardian – was an enthusiast for appeasement , an anti-Semitic xenophobe and a sympathiser with apartheid .
Anyway , the point is that he 's not alone .
Perhaps because using alternative medicine means , for the most part , boycotting the business of the biggest and most brutal pharmaceutical companies , perhaps because the alternative medicines industry has done much to promote itself as " natural " I know plenty of greens who can explain in some detail how radiative forcing works , yet who use homeopathy or wo n't expose their children to MMR injections .
That 's up to them .
But the association in the public mind does us nothing but harm .
Those of us who do not believe there is a link between a movement based on science and a business based largely on nonsense should say so loudly and clearly .
Monbiot.com
ALBANY – Call it an un-cover charge .
A Brooklyn assemblyman introduced a bill yesterday that would require patrons to pay the state $ 10 every time they visit a strip club or topless joint .
Felix Ortiz , a Democrat , said the flesh fee could raise as much as $ 500 million for victims of human trafficking , domestic violence , sexual abuse and child prostitution .
States have increasingly turned to the adult - entertainment industry to help close budget gaps in recent years .
Texas lawmakers are fighting to save a similar $ 5 “ pole tax , ” which was struck down as unconstitutional by a state judge .
Gov. Paterson , facing a $ 14 billion budget deficit , has proposed a tax on Internet downloads that would also apply to Web porn .
“ The bottom line is , we have to protect people who have been victimized by unscrupulous individuals , and we cannot continue , especially in this economy , to have government pay for everything , ” Ortiz said .
POP VIDEO QUIZ : Scandalous Socialites
in
" Two faces have I
One that laughs one that cries
One says hello one says goodbye
One does things I do n't understand
Makes me feel like half a man "
- Bruce Springsteen , " Two Faces "
Regardless of what Barack Obama may have said four years ago in that famous speech of his at the 2004 Democratic Convention , there definitely are two Americas - two diametrically opposed Americas .
And I 'm not just talking about Republicans and Democrats here , though that division largely mirrors the real divide .
The fact of the matter is there 's a Backward America , suspicious of not just science and the well - educated , but of modernity in general .
An America that believes in the literal truth of some ancient religious fables .
This America , by the way , was well represented at the Republican National Convention this past week ( more about that later ) .
Then there 's Modern America , the America that embraces science and modernity , just like the rest of the Western world .
Aside from country music , perhaps , this is the America that has produced just about anything and everything worthwhile to emerge from the country over the past couple of hundred years .
In general , these Americans may still be a lot more religious than the people of other Western countries , but they 're not expecting the Rapture to come and carry them up into the sky any time soon .
Obviously , there is a clear red state - blue state / Republican - Democrat divide in America , but what I 'm talking about here is the much more bizarre and scary Modern / Medieval divide .
It 's this fission that truly makes America distinct within Western Civilization .
Of course , every country has its wacko lunatic fringe of religious fanatics and Canada , Australia , New Zealand , the U.K. , France , Germany and the rest of Western Europe are no exception , but the difference is that in America the lunatics encompass between one third and one half of the population .
Though it may seem like it to some , this is not , in fact , an anti-American diatribe , not in any way .
What it is , however , is a diatribe against the anti-intellectual , small - minded , death penalty - cheerin ' , gun-lovin ' , 6,000 - year - old - world - believin ' , gay - bashin ' , Bible - thumpin ' , right - wing freaks who have been running the country and the Republican Party for years now .
The Jerry Falwells , the Pat Robertsons , the James Dobsons ( of Focus On The Family infamy ) and the rest of their ilk .
You know the type , those who not only profess to believe that dinosaur fossils are simply here to test our faith , but who also want to teach such things to kids in science class .
Yes , I 'm talking about true wackos .
These people are also really big on teaching abstinence only in Sex Ed classes .
Then they wonder why America has the highest teenage pregnancy rate in the Western world - by a huge margin .
If you want to increase the number of unwanted pregnancies , and thus abortions , this is sure a great way to do it .
Way to go guys !
Again , this is n't simply a right - wing , left - wing divide .
There are still quite a few economic conservatives in the Republican Party who are in no way part of this Medieval mindset .
It 's just that they 've been overrun within their party by the wackos of the Christian Right over the past few decades .
Of course the economic conservatives have their own issues , but I 'm not here to talk about the failed policies of Milton Freidman , Reaganomics , and all that trickle down bullshit .
Tax - cutting - for - the - rich , social - program - slashing right - wingers exist in every country and their disdain for the poor is not what I 'm going on about here .
They may be cold - hearted , but economic conservatives do n't necessarily reject the reality of the world around them .
Satan Is Real
Christian conservatives , on the other hand , do .
Whether it be a belief in Satan as a real guy , Hell as a real place , the Bible as literal truth or the world as just a few thousand years old , a shockingly high percentage of Americans answer yes to these questions , with , for example , over 50 % expressing a belief in Satan .
We 're also , it should be noted , talking about worshippers of incest here .
After all , those who believe in the literal truth of the Bible must believe that human beings descending from the offspring of Adam and Eve , which of course involved Adam and Eve 's kids screwing one another to produce kids of their own .
I 'm guessing they do n't talk about that too much in church , but , hey , it was God 's will , right ?
Seriously now , where else in the Western world , aside from America , would you find a significant percentage of the population believing that the Rapture is coming soon and that Jesus is going to come down and slaughter all the non-believers while raising up the chosen few into the sky ?
Come to think of it , this Wacky America is n't really all that different from their fundamentalist brothers and sisters in places like Saudi Arabia , Iran and Afghanistan , places where people also find their absolute truth in a book of fables .
Republican Convention of Contempt
And on a related topic , how about those Republicans ?
Did you see John McCain 's big speech at the Republican National Convention last night ?
Talk about a bunch of angry , war - loving , mindlessly - nationalistic white people .
I did n't think a spectacle like that was still possible in America today .
I mean , aside from a KKK rally or a Toby Keith show , where else in modern day America but at a Republican rally could you get such a high percentage of white people in one room ?
The defining moment of the whole night for me was when McCain ridiculed Obama 's plan to cover every American citizen with medical insurance and the crowd went nuts booing and jeering Obama and his queer foreign communist ideas .
That told you all you needed to know about these people .
I mean , where else could you find such a large number of people - themselves all adequately covered of course - sneering at the idea of helping those without any medical coverage get insured ?
Speaking of foreign ideas , another very telling moment was when former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee mocked " European ideas " in his speech ... and the crowd once again went wild .
Then there was all the ridiculing , by Rudy Giuliani and Sarah Palin , among others , of Obama 's work as a community organizer , with the crowd again roaring its disdain .
But perhaps the greatest cheer was reserved for when McCain talked about how , if elected , he 'll slash foreign aid .
It was like Beatlemania all over again , the crowd went absolutely insane .
I was just waiting for someone to go after the homeless , those suffering from AIDS and perhaps even lepers .
Why not mock lepers ?
But , alas , there was n't really enough time , what with all the chanting of " USA , USA , USA " that had to be done .
Who are these people anyway and how the hell did they get so cold - hearted , angry and bitter ?
Perhaps it has something to do with the God of the Old Testament that they love so much .
You know , that angry , vindictive , vengeful and wrathful God .
But , then again , perhaps it 's just from attending too many Toby Keith concerts .
Who knows ?
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Friday , September 5th , 2008
And to continue reading more about the Republicans ' love of stupid click here : Fear and Loathing in The Heartland : Republicans ' Lovefest With Ignorance
Or here : The Lovefest Continues : Sarah Palin on Africa , NAFTA and more
And if you liked this piece then you should definitely check this out :
It 's Called Conservativitus : The Pity The Conservatives Rant
And for more on American politics click here : Freedom Fly : Bottled Horniness For The Truly Patriotic American
Or here : Freedom Fetterers : The Story of a Bankrupt Philosophy
And to read a more general political rant click here :
It 's Called Conservativitus : The Pity The Conservatives Rant
And let 's not forget this guy : History Has Spoken : Bush Finally Seals The Deal
And for lots more on politics visit the Politics Homepage
Looking for Cannabis Seeds in the UK ?
This is for you .
Take a look at these highly recommended sponsors for buying cannabis seeds for the UK .
I can vouch for the trustworthyness of all these seedbanks .
They deliver the goods professionally , and all these companies attract great reviews online .
Sweet Seeds® , founded in 2005 , offering marijuana genetics of the highest quality , exquisite aromas and flavours , meeting a percentage of femininity of 99.9 % as well as a germination rate above 95 % .
It is the first cannabis seeds bank to launch fast flowering genetics , called F1 Fast Version® .
They have several families in their huge catalogue : photoperiod - dependent , autoflowering , XL autoflowering , The red family , USA genetics and CBD - rich strains .
Sensi Seed Bank offers the finest range of medicinal cannabis seeds available anywhere !
For over 25 years , the Sensi Seed Bank has been collecting , preserving and interbreeding cannabis strains from every corner of the globe .
Visit the Sensi Seeds website to get your premium cannabis seeds !
.
.
.
Weed Seed Shop offers regular , feminized and autoflowering cannabis seeds , free shipping and secure payment .
The Weed Seed Shop collection contains the most cheap cannabis seeds available online .
.
.
Our offer is simple , we focus on delivering an amazing range of high quality Cannabis Seeds at great value prices .
We simply say Check out our prices and you make the choice .
.
.
.
.
.
OFFICIAL Barneys Farm Website .
Worldwide shipping and free cannabis seeds with every order – check out their medical cannabis seeds !
.
.
.
.
.
I ’ve ordered from Gorilla Seeds a few times over the years & have never been disappointed .
In the UK , your seeds will often arrive the next day , always packed discreetly .
Prices are fair & the few times I ’ve had to ring them up , customer service has been on top of things .
You ca n’t go wrong with this seedbank .
.
.
.
Founded in 2010 Fast Buds had one primary goal in mind – to present people with the most favourable genetics and introduce them to growers around the planet in autoflower form .
And there was no better place to get such quality than from the sunny hills of California .
.
.
.
Original Sensible Seeds have been delivering your cannabis seeds for over 25 years and offer a wide range of feminized , autoflowering , West Coast , High THC and medical strains .
Free Worldwide delivery , discounted bulk seeds , Cryptos accepted and choice of premium free seeds with your order ….
Growing your skunk since 1992 .
.
.
.
ILoveGrowingMarijuana are a trusted worldwide seedbank that have been around for a very long time indeed .
They are highly rated on Seedfinder .
.
.
.
.
.
.
Seed Supreme have an awesome selection of weed seeds as well as a cool loyalty scheme , they are an extremely reliable seedbank that you can trust to deliver .
Highly recommended .
They are also one of the top rated UK seed banks on Seedfinder .
.
.
.
Tips for buying seeds
If you have never grown any weed before picking cannabis seeds can be a daunting task .
There is no need to worry you can easily order seeds completely legally online without any problems whatsoever in the UK .
Owning the seeds in itself is not even against the ‘ law ’ .
We all know how sensible a law against plants is .
In the UK the whole thing only becomes illegal when the seeds are germinated ( I mean , how ridiculous ) so there is absolutely no way of this being detected at all unless you are talking about what you are doing online on Facebook or something .
Avoid this .
You ’ll be fine .
Especially if you live in County Durham .
Police forces in Derbyshire , Dorest and Surrey suggested similar decisions .
There are literally thousands of strains to choose from and therein lives the problem .
I would recommend spending the money on decent genetics .
We do n’t have the luxury of cuttings being quite so prevalent in the UK so the only way to get that outstanding quality of weed is to grow it yourself .
One of the popular new ways to grow is using autoflowering seeds .
These seeds have been around some years now and certain varieties are well worth checking out – they can be a shortcut to high quality cannabis .
Some of them only take as little as 60 days from germination to harvest .
Trusted varieties I grow again and again include :
Buddha Seeds Magnum – really nice up high , energising happy effect .
Cream Mandarine Auto Incredible , high yielding autoflower with strong but functional effects .
Dinafem Cheese XXL – great yielding auto with strong stone .
If you ’re growing outdoors , do n’t be put off by the media bullshit about skunk .
Outdoor grown skunk ( I would recommend Sensi for their Early Skunk in the UK ) is a lovely thing and yields very well indeed .
Check out this page for more info on outdoor strains and be sure to check out this indepth guide to growing autoflowering cannabis seeds .
See also :
Best cannabis seeds for beginners .
Best cannabis seeds for cold climates .
4.7 / 5 ( 7 votes )
The tale of a clownfish that got lost at sea in the 2003 movie Finding Nemo may be a taste of things to come - as rising carbon dioxide levels could leave the fish unable to find their way around , say scientists .
Tests on clownfish larvae showed they became disoriented and were unable to find a suitable place to live if they were raised in seawater that had absorbed carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
The effect is potentially devastating for a wide range of fish populations because many rely on odours in seawater to seek out the right habitats to live in , according to researchers investigating the impact of greenhouse gas emissions on marine life .
The world 's oceans soak up vast quantities of carbon dioxide released by burning fossil fuels .
By absorbing the gas , oceans become more acidic .
Global ocean pH has dropped around 0.1 points since preindustrial times .
But with increasing carbon emissions expected , this pH is predicted to fall a further 0.3 to 0.4 points by 2100 .
Writing in the US journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the scientists describe how clownfish larvae lose the ability to sense vital odours in more acidic waters , probably owing to the damage caused to their olfactory systems .
" They can't distinguish between their own parents and other fish , and they become attracted to substances they previously avoided .
It means the larvae will have less opportunity to find the right habitat , which could be devastating for their populations , " said Kjell Døving , a co-author from the University of Oslo .
Clownfish eggs are carried on the ocean currents .
When they hatch , the larvae pick up scents leading them to reefs and anemones , where they make their homes .
In the study , scientists checked how well the larvae followed odours in normal seawater , which has a pH of 8.15 , and compared it with their performance in slightly acidified seawater that mimics ocean conditions expected in 2100 and beyond .
At a pH of 7.8 , the larvae stopped following odour trails released by reefs and anemones .
Instead , they homed in on scents they normally avoided , including those released by plants and other organisms which thrive in the wrong kinds of habitat for the fish .
The larvae also lost the ability to use smell to distinguish between their parents and other fish .
At pH of 7.6 , the larvae were unable to follow any kind of odour in the water , and instead swam in random directions .
In their March 24th testimony before the House Financial Services Committee Bernanke Geithner called for new regulatory authority that would allow the government to take over non-banking institutions and , among other things , “ rework ” salary and bonus structures ( paragraph 3 ) in ways that seem , paradoxically , to suggest a ' legal breach of contract . '
This , of course , cannot happen without congressional legislation .
As per the doublespeak of the congress where “ The No Vote Union Dues Confiscation Act ” is called the “ Employee Free Choice Act , ” one can expect the bill to be given a name such as “ The Smaller Government Financial Freedom and Liberty Act ' of 2009 . ”
Perhaps it is only Torpedo Geithner 's way with words , as demonstrated by the way his glib discussion of a new international currency two days later sent a rebounding market into a tailspin , but the idea that anyone would ask for what amounts to a unilateral eminent domain over all large corporations that deal with money , and , furthermore , assert that this regulatory authority should be operated by political appointees in the treasury department is simply astounding .
Bernanke , though , proposes a far more rational expansion of the authority of the FDIC .
Setting aside Geithner 's seeming delirium , both he Bernanke assert that they want a new right to step into private sector corporations that is modeled on the FDIC authority to put banks into receivership .
A comparison of the claims of these noble statesmen with the facts about the FDIC makes such a model seem , at best , improbable .
Bernanke and Geithner 's Plan is NOT the Banking Act of 1933 .
First of all , the formation of the FDIC in the 1930's occurred despite the objections of the popular newly elected President ( FDR ) , the Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , and the American Banker 's Association ( see article subsection : “ Federal Deposit Insurance Legislation ” paragraphs 2 and 4 ) .
In contrast , if those initiating this discussion of future sweeping regulatory powers are any indication , bank masters , presidents , and currency officers will all assure the mystified people of these United States that they , the wise , have “ taken care of everything . ”
Instead , of an educated and outraged populace supporting their representatives ' bold congressional agendas , it seems far more likely that these regulatory powers would be inaugurated as a populace , suffering from shock and awe at a fiscal debate that has changed from billions to trillions in fewer than three months , is scarcely able to get a question in edgewise .
The second difference between the origins of the FDIC and the powers Bernanke and Geithner request is that the first was inaugurated only after the banks had collapsed .
These new powers are now proposed where no market consequences have been observed .
The regulatory standards instituted at the inception of the FDIC worked well for decades because they were based on long and painful experience .
Even if the appearance of evil suggested by Geithner 's request for unprecedented powers is only more evidence of his political ineptitude , and even if none of this is as nefarious as it seems ; neither Geithner , Bernanke , nor congress has any informed experience upon which to base new regulations .
It is very unclear , to say the least , whether the methods of sustaining these large institutions was correct .
Even if , by some miracle , the tremendous infusions of cash already planned turn out to be recoverable by taxpayers , it is bizarre legislation that would base a regulatory authority on such rescue measures in the future .
Is this the power Geithner and Bernanke 's desire ?
Do they want the power to set tax payer money at risk to save large distressed American companies in the future ?
Are such bailouts now supposed to become a matter of course ?
If so , this is the logical opposite of the original FDIC model .
The original FDIC model was designed to protect the private citizen 's dollar .
This model seems designed to protect the funds of public companies by setting taxpayer money at a permanent risk .
If any lesson should be derived from this recent financial debacle , it is that laws must be passed that absolutely prohibit the government of the United States from using tax payer dollars to protect private financial institutions .
An FDIC bank may be protected in accordance with the FDIC 's own charter and its independent funding , but a Savings and Loan , a Freddie Mac , a Fannie Mae , and certainly an AIG should never again be bailed out with public funds .
Hence , the powers the leaders of government now propose are in no way akin to the regulation the people of the 1930 's demanded .
The original FDIC legislation only began after the mighty had fallen .
The people wanted an architecture for rebuilding a nation 's savings plan ; at the very least , our government now seeks to take over the collection of the “ rents ” from thirty - year mortgages , the nation 's credit cards , and college loans by setting taxpayer money at permanent risk .
At worst , our government representatives are seeking the right to invade , based on taxpayer money that they purposely set at risk , any large industry in our nation and redistribute assets by abrogating contracts and confiscating property .
The latter is plainly tyranny .
However , concerning the first , this nation should be warned that a government with the power to impoverish its citizens through taxation has a conflict of interest when it also has the authority to oversee the collection of the debts of private citizens .
Why should the policies of this nation be those that lead to individual solvency when government organs stand to gain power from increases in the interest paid on debt ?
The vampires are in charge of the blood bank !
The contradictions that seem obvious between the banking reforms of the 1930's and the plans now being hatched make it all the more obvious that it is not the private citizen of the United States that is being offered protection .
No , if the people of these United States desire to protect themselves from such “ culling ” of their retirement savings in the future and their tax dollars in the present , they should send representatives to congress who will legislate against any future bailout of private corporations with the public dollar .
Any FDIC institution should , of course , be brought back to the definitions of the 1930's and , one more thing , our Social Security System should be transformed .
If our Social Security system were transformed from a Ponzi scheme “ insurance ” model ( see previous article : “ Social Security , Ponzi Schemes … ” ) , to a genuine retirement system that rids us from a dependence on banks ( see previous article : “ Ending Social Security … ” ) , we would reduce the size and scope of any potential future financial fiasco .
UPDATE : 12/31/09
The House hearings are long over a modern Hercules , David Reilly , took it upon himself to actually read the House bill .
Instead of beginning a bank reform bill with the words : “ Never again will … ” the house has found a way to quietly promise 4 trillion dollars of emergency funds to be dispersed after a limited 10 hour debate by congress .
I guess the whole process in the autumn of 2008 was sort of embarrassing .
Besides , if another crisis does hit ( and Fanny and Freddie are working on that ) , and if it once again “ hits ” during an election year , some independent canditate may do something crazy and run on doing what the American people demanded , say “ No ! ”
Oh , the doublespeak , new think of this Orwellian congress continues .
This horrendous , under - the - radar disaster that puts taxpayers on the hook for unlimited bailouts is called , get this : the “ Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . ”
Does deep packet inspection mean the end of the Internet ?
Deep packet inspection ( DPI ) gear has always been marketed to ISPs as a way to earn more money by scanning Internet traffic and charging more for various services .
Want to game online ?
Better upgrade to the " Gaming Xtreme ! " plan .
Want to use VoIP ?
Prepare to open your wallet .
Watch much streaming video ?
Well , it would be a whole lot smoother if you just paid another $ 2.99 a month .
DPI vendors have n't tried to hide this ; one company 's marketing literature suggests that it can help " reduce the performance of applications with negative influence on revenues " ( e.g. competitive VoIP services ) .
ISPs want to avoid becoming a low - margin " bit pipe " — a dumb communications network that just enables companies like Google to make bazillions of dollars .
And one good way to do that is to sell expensive services , using DPI to identity and categorize Internet traffic , then degrade or prioritize protocols and applications to fit the service profile .
It does n't happen much in the US , where consumers are accustomed to one monthly payment covering access to every service on the ' Net without degradation .
ISPs therefore deploy DPI gear at their peril , as Comcast found out when it begin forging TCP reset packets to slow BitTorrent uploads .
Consumer reaction came quickly , and FCC oversight soon followed .
The same thing happened with NebuAd , the company that hoped to monitor ISP networks to deliver targeted advertising to end - users based on their surfing habits .
After outrage and congressional involvement , the company lost its CEO and dropped the controversial approach .
Despite the difficulty that " bad " DPI has faced in the US , the advocacy group Free Press issued a brief paper yesterday claiming that DPI might destroy " the Internet as we know it . "
Discrimination abomination
The standard case studies of Comcast and NebuAd are present , along with the admission that DPI gear itself can be used for all sorts of " good " things like DDoS filtering and spam and virus blocking .
The usual ( and compelling ) arguments against picking winners and losers on the Internet are made .
Future doomsday scenarios are conjured .
But the question remains : why now ?
Aussie ISPs like BigPond routinely offer bandwidth caps that appear absurdly low by world standards ( how does AUS $ 29.95 a month for a 256 Kbps connection and a 200 MB cap grab you ? )
One good reason for keeping the issue in the public eye at the moment is Cox 's already - announced ( and quite brazen ) plan to start dividing Internet traffic into two categories : time - sensitive and everything else .
Who decides what traffic goes in what category ?
Cox does , and it has already made clear that streaming video and VoIP should get priority while P2P and FTP should not ( though the system only kicks in during periods of congestion , which Cox says are relatively infrequent ) .
Given the FCC 's recent ruling against Comcast ( and that company 's decision to make the commendable switch to drop protocol discrimination ) , Cox 's move is perplexing .
In announcing the trials of the new system , Cox essentially invited an FCC proceeding , and at a time when the incoming FCC chairman , along with the current president , have said that they broadly support " neutral " networks .
Should Cox be allowed to continue the system , protocol discrimination would suddenly create new barriers for users and developers , who would suddenly need " permission " from ISPs ( in the sense of using approved protocols ) if they want their applications to function better .
Hulu , which streams content using HTTP , might come out of this well ; Vuze , which offers legal video content using P2P , might have its business negatively affected — and those effects could be different at each ISP .
Free Press warns of an " encryption arms race " if this happens , since encryption means that DPI gear can no longer peer inside packet payloads ( though it can still try to identify the type of content based on overall flow patterns , originating IP addresses , handshake signatures , etc. ) .
And if an " arms race " is n't enough , consider the " balkanization of the Internet " into a place " in which every ISP operates according to its own set of rules . "
Scary .
Welcome to everywhere else
On the other hand , it 's also how ISPs all over the world operate right now .
Aussie ISPs like BigPond routinely offer bandwidth caps that appear absurdly low by world standards ( how does AUS $ 29.95 a month for a 256 Kbps connection and a 200 MB cap grab you ? ) — but they also routinely offer " unlimited " access to preferred services like streaming video .
Talk about picking winners and losers on the ' Net ; this approach basically guarantees that Internet users will go with the ISP 's preferred service , making it difficult for independent services to compete .
Or take Canada , where just about every major ISP in the country has admitted to regulators that it uses DPI gear to throttle traffic , often singling out P2P protocols .
Bell Canada 's system throttles P2P for nearly half the day , and it applies the same limits to those who buy and resell its wholesale service .
For the reasons that Free Press and many others have outlined , these seem like bad outcomes ... but neither Canada nor Australia has suffered some kind of Internet apocalypse .
On the other hand , they are definitely not hubs of Internet innovation .
The network neutrality fight that seemed so pressing in Washington a year or two ago has died down to embers .
The FCC has made clear it can and will act to enforce its Internet Policy Statement , even if it wo n't issue specific new rules .
But as Cox and new services like ZillionTV demonstrate , the issue of traffic discrimination has n't gone away , and Free Press appears determined to keep the issue on the government 's agenda .
Send me your pics here .
Please let me know who took the picture and that you have permission to post it , if it was n't taken by you .
Many are calling for a 9/11 - type commission to investigate the financial crisis .
Any such investigation should not rule out government itself as a major culprit .
My research shows that government actions and interventions -- not any inherent failure or instability of the private economy -- caused , prolonged and dramatically worsened the crisis .
The classic explanation of financial crises is that they are caused by excesses -- frequently monetary excesses -- which lead to a boom and an inevitable bust .
This crisis was no different :...
The steady expansion of the " surveillance society " risks undermining fundamental freedoms including the right to privacy , according to a House of Lords report published today .
The peers say Britain has constructed one of the most extensive and technologically advanced surveillance systems in the world in the name of combating terrorism and crime and improving administrative efficiency .
The report , Surveillance : Citizens and the State , by the Lords ' constitution committee , says Britain leads the world in the use of CCTV , with an estimated 4 m cameras , and in building a national DNA database , with more than 7 % of the population already logged compared with 0.5 % in the America .
The cross-party committee which includes Lord Woolf , a former lord chief justice , and two former attorneys general , Lord Morris and Lord Lyell , warns that " pervasive and routine " electronic surveillance and the collection and processing of personal information is almost taken for granted .
Although many surveillance practices and data collection processes are unknown to most people , the expansion in their use represents " one of the most significant changes in the life of the nation since the end of the second world war " , the report says .
The committee warns that the national DNA database could be used for " malign purposes " , challenges whether CCTV cuts crime and questions whether local authorities should be allowed to use surveillance powers at all .
The peers say privacy is an " essential prerequisite to the exercise of individual freedom " and the growing use of surveillance and data collection needs to be regulated by executive and legislative restraint at all times .
Lord Goodlad , the former
Tory chief whip and committee chairman , said there could be no justification for this gradual but incessant creep towards every detail about an individual being recorded and pored over by the state .
" The huge rise in surveillance and data collection by the state and other organisations risks undermining the long - standing traditions of privacy and individual freedom which are vital for democracy , " he said .
" If the public are to trust that information about them is not being improperly used there should be much more openness about what data is collected , by whom and how it is used . "
The constitution committee makes more than 40 recommendations to protect individual privacy , including the deletion of all profiles from the national DNA database except for those of convicted criminals and a call for the mandatory encryption of personal data held by public and private organisations that are legally obliged to hold it .
But the report is silent on proposals from Jacqui Smith , the home secretary , for a " superdatabase " tracking everybody 's emails , calls , texts and internet use and from Jack Straw , the justice secretary , to lower barriers on the widespread sharing of personal data across the public sector .
But the peers are critical of whether local authorities should continue to exercise their surveillance powers under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 .
They say examples of local councils using covert surveillance operations to stop fly tipping , reducing dog fouling , and investigate fraudulent school place applications led them to question how they acquired such powers .
Ministers should examine whether local authorities , rather than the police , are the appropriate bodies to mount surveillance operations , the peers say .
If they are , then their use should be confined to crime investigations that carry a minimum two - year prison sentence .
The peers say individuals targeted by such operations should be informed when it is completed , as long as no investigation is prejudiced .
( CNN ) --
As NASA prepares to hunt for Earth - like planets in our corner of the Milky Way galaxy , there 's new buzz that " Star Trek 's " vision of a universe full of life may not be that far - fetched .
An artist 's impression shows a planet passing in front of its parent star .
Such events are called transits .
Pointy - eared aliens traveling at light speed are staying firmly in science fiction , but scientists are offering fresh insights into the possible existence of inhabited worlds and intelligent civilizations in space .
There may be 100 billion Earth - like planets in the Milky Way , or one for every sun -type star in the galaxy , said Alan Boss , an astronomer with the Carnegie Institution and author of the new book " The Crowded Universe : The Search for Living Planets . "
He made the prediction based on the number of " super - Earths " -- planets several times the mass of the Earth , but smaller than gas giants like Jupiter -- discovered so far circling stars outside the solar system .
Boss said that if any of the billions of Earth - like worlds he believes exist in the Milky Way have liquid water , they are likely to be home to some type of life .
" Now that 's not saying that they 're all going to be crawling with intelligent human beings or even dinosaurs , " he said .
" But I would suspect that the great majority of them at least will have some sort of primitive life , like bacteria or some of the multicellular creatures that populated our Earth for the first 3 billion years of its existence . "
Putting a number on alien worlds
Other scientists are taking another approach : an analysis that suggests there could be hundreds , even thousands , of intelligent civilizations in the Milky Way .
Researchers at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland constructed a computer model to create a synthetic galaxy with billions of stars and planets .
They then studied how life evolved under various conditions in this virtual world , using a supercomputer to crunch the results .
Galaxy Quest  The Milky Way is believed to be more than 13 billion years old .
 It is just one of billions of galaxies in the universe .
 The Milky Way has a circumference of about 250,000 - 300,000 light years .
 It is about 100,000 light years in diameter .
 There are three types of galaxies : ellipticals , spirals and irregulars .
 The Milky Way is a large disk - shaped barred spiral galaxy .
( A barred galaxy has a bar - shaped structure in its middle . )
Source : Space.com
In a paper published recently in the International Journal of Astrobiology , the researchers concluded that based on what they saw , at least 361 intelligent civilizations have emerged in the Milky Way since its creation , and as many as 38,000 may have formed .
Duncan Forgan , a doctoral candidate at the university who led the study , said he was surprised by the hardiness of life on these other worlds .
" The computer model takes into account what we refer to as resetting or extinction events .
The classic example is the asteroid impact that may have wiped out the dinosaurs , " Forgan said .
" I half - expected these events to disallow the rise of intelligence , and yet civilizations seemed to flourish . "
Forgan readily admits the results are an educated guess at best , since there are still many unanswered questions about how life formed on Earth and only limited information about the 330 " exoplanets " -- those circling sun-like stars outside the solar system -- discovered so far .
The first was confirmed in 1995 and the latest just this month when Europe 's COROT space telescope spotted the smallest terrestrial exoplanet ever found .
With a diameter less than twice the size of Earth , the planet orbits very close to its star and has temperatures up to 1,500° Celsius ( more than 2,700° Fahrenheit ) , according to the European Space Agency .
It may be rocky and covered in lava .
Hunt for habitable planets
NASA is hoping to find much more habitable worlds with the help of the upcoming Kepler mission .
The spacecraft , set to be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida next week , will search for Earth - size planets in our part of the galaxy .
Do n't Miss NASA.gov : Explore the Kepler mission
NASA.gov : Explore the Kepler mission iReport.com : Stargazers unite !
Share your view of the universe
Kepler contains a special telescope that will study 100,000 stars in the Cygnus - Lyra region of the Milky Way for more than three years .
It will look for small dips in a star 's brightness , which can mean an orbiting planet is passing in front of it -- an event called a transit .
" It 's akin to measuring a flea as it creeps across the headlight of an automobile at night , " said Kepler project manager James Fanson during a during a NASA news conference .
The focus of the mission is finding planets in a star 's habitable zone , an orbit that would ensure temperatures in which life could exist .
Watch a NASA scientist explain the search for habitable planets »
Boss , who serves on the Kepler Science Council , said scientists should know by 2013 -- the end of Kepler 's mission -- whether life in the universe could be widespread .
Finding intelligent life is a very different matter .
For all the speculation about the possibility of other civilizations in the universe , the question remains :
If the rise of life on Earth is n't unique and aliens are common , why have n't they shown up or contacted us ?
The contradiction was famously summed up by the physicist Enrico Fermi in 1950 in what became known as the Fermi paradox : " Where is everybody ? "
The answer may be the vastness of time and space , scientists explained .
" Civilizations come and go , " Boss said .
" Chances are , if you do happen to find a planet which is going to have intelligent life , it 's not going to be in [ the same ] phase of us .
It may have formed a billion years ago , or maybe it 's not going to form for another billion years . "
Even if intelligent civilizations did exist at the same time , they probably would be be separated by tens of thousands of light years , Forgan said .
If aliens have just switched on their transmitter to communicate , it could take us hundreds of centuries to receive their message , he added .
As for interstellar travel , the huge distances virtually rule out any extraterrestrial visitors .
iReport.com : Share your view of the universe
To illustrate , Boss said the fastest rockets available to us right now are those being used in NASA 's New Horizons mission to Pluto .
Even going at that rate of speed , it would take 100,000 years to get from Earth to the closest star outside the solar system , he added .
" So when you think about that , maybe we should n't be worried about having interstellar air raids any time soon , " Boss said .
All About Space Technology • Unmanned Space Exploration • Astronomy • NASA • European Space Agency
In the wake of Israel 's attack on Gaza , eager voices are telling us that anti-Semitism has returned – yet again .
Eight years of Hamas rockets and the world unfairly cries foul when Israel retaliates , they say .
Biased media are delegitimising the Jewish state .
The Left attacks Israel as uniquely evil , making it the persecuted Jew among the nations .
Even theatres keep wheeling out those anti-Semitic stereotypes , Shylock , Fagin and the " chosen people " , just to torment us .
If this bleak picture were an accurate portrayal of what Jews are experiencing today , who could deny that suffering is the determining feature of the Jewish condition ?
In most Jewish circles , if you pause to question this narrative and suggest that it might be exaggerated , that it unrealistically implies a level of dreadfulness and victimhood unique to Jews , you 'll attract hostility and disbelief in equal measure , and precious little public sympathy .
But in the work of Professor Salo Baron , probably the greatest Jewish historian of the 20th century , we find powerful justification for just such a questioning .
Professor Baron spoke out angrily against what he called the " lachrymose conception of Jewish history " , which placed suffering at the centre of Jewish life .
" Suffering is part of the destiny " of the Jews , " Professor Baron said in an interview in 1975 , " but so is repeated joy as well as ultimate redemption . "
Another distinguished historian , Professor Yosef Hayim Yerushalmi , said Baron always fought against the view of Jewish history as " all darkness and no light .
He laboured mightily to restore balance " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Baron , who was born in Poland and went to America in 1930 to teach at Columbia University in New York , died aged 94 in 1989 , perhaps one of the most significant years in post - war Jewish history .
With the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe and the USSR , the suppression of Jewish religious practice and cultural expression came to an end .
More than two million Jews were finally free to choose to be Jewish or not .
An astonishing number chose Jewishness and a remarkable revival of Jewish life began .
This historic moment aptly illustrates the central truth of Baron 's critique .
Twenty years on , that revival continues , but the world 's response to Israel 's war on Gaza and the dramatic rise in anti-Semitic incidents in a number of countries since the war began have led many to paint a very dark picture of the current Jewish predicament .
So , in thinking about the accuracy of this , especially in view of the poisonous weed of anti-Semitism that Howard Jacobson , writing in The Independent last month , claims to find growing in practically every patch of criticism of Israel , I wondered what light Professor Baron would have found in the current darkness .
Would he have concluded that the lachrymose conception of Jewish history has returned and that a restoration of some balance is required ?
Have we Jews succumbed psychologically to a sense of eternal Jewish victimhood , a wholly negative Jewish exceptionalism , or is paranoia justified ?
Some pioneering research , published as Israel 's bombing of Gaza began , throws some light on this .
It reveals just how much the feeling that no matter what we do , we are perpetually at the mercy of others applies to Jewish Israelis .
A team led by Professor Daniel Bar Tal of Tel Aviv University , one of the world 's leading political psychologists , questioned Israeli Jews about their memory of the conflict with the Arabs , from its inception to the present , and found that their " consciousness is characterised by a sense of victimisation , a siege mentality , blind patriotism , belligerence , self - righteousness , dehumanisation of the Palestinians and insensitivity to their suffering " .
The researchers found a close connection between that collective memory and the memory of " past persecutions of Jews " and the Holocaust , the feeling that " the whole world is against us " .
If such a study were to be conducted among Jews in Britain , I suspect the results would be very similar .
For Jews to see themselves in this way is understandable , but it 's a distortion and deeply damaging .
As Professor Bar Tal says , this view relies primarily on prolonged indoctrination that is based on ignorance and even nurtures it .
The Jewish public does not want to be confused with the facts .
If we are defined by past persecutions , by our victimhood , will we ever think clearly about the problem of Israel - Palestine and the problem of anti-Semitism ?
To justify its attack on Gaza , Israel threw the mantle of victimhood over the residents of southern Israel who have lived under the constant threat of rocket attack from the territory since 2001 .
Israeli government and military spokespeople seemed to get a remarkably sympathetic hearing in the media when they made this argument .
But history did not begin in 2001 .
As the Israeli journalist Amira Hass notes , the origin of Israel 's siege dates back to 1991 , before suicide bombings began .
The relentless emphasis on Israeli suffering , to the exclusion of all other contextual facts , and the constant mantra that no other country would tolerate such a threat posed to its citizens over such a long period provided the basis for arguing that the military option was the only alternative .
The victim is cornered and there 's only one way out .
But the popular Israeli phrase ein breira , " there is no alternative " , wo n't stand one second 's scrutiny .
There was a wealth of informed senior military and security opinion , especially following the disaster of the 2006 Lebanon war , which argued that there is no military solution to the problem of Islamist groups such as Hamas and Hizbollah .
Even before Lebanon , in 2004 , former IDF spokesman Nahman Shai , a senior figure in the Israeli establishment , said : " Despite all the anger , frustration , and disgust we feel , we ought to talk to Hizbollah .
We must exploit every possibility to reach a compromise with them and gain precious time .
Does it really embody all the evil in the region ?
What are we waiting for ?
We can always go back to fighting terrorism . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Early in January this year , Israel 's former Mossad chief and former national security adviser , Efraim Halevy , said : " If Israel 's goal were to remove the threat of rockets from the residents of southern Israel , opening the border crossings would have ensured such quiet for a generation . "
Daniel Levy , former adviser in the office of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak , shows clearly where the wrong choices were made : withdrawing from Gaza without co-ordinating the " what next " with the Palestinians ; hermetically sealing off Hamas and besieging Gaza after the 2006 elections instead of testing Hamas 's capacity to govern responsibly ; instead of building on the ceasefire , Israel was the first to break it on 4 November .
In short , there were other alternatives .
The current flurry of diplomatic activity only confirms this .
Tony Blair 's first trip to Gaza , Hillary Clinton 's talks with Israel 's leaders and stronger language on settlements and the $ 5bn pledged for Gaza at the Egyptian donor conference are all discomfiting signs for Israel 's polity , now in a state of electoral upheaval .
They show that the Gaza offensive blasted open the doors to alternative diplomatic options , as well as the possibility of a new Palestinian unity government .
Instead of validating the government 's line that this was justice for Israel 's traumatised southern citizens , it only served to demonstrate to the world , and especially to the new Obama administration , Israel 's responsibility for the injustice of the humanitarian disaster in Gaza .
It 's not a political judgement to feel compassion for Israelis terrorised by Hamas rockets , and it's just the same for Palestinians living in a virtual prison in Gaza .
But the objective predicaments of the two populations are not the same .
To convince yourself that a turkey shoot is an act of great heroism , you need the " self - righteousness " and " blind patriotism " Professor Bar Tal found in his study .
You see yourself as David against the Islamist Goliath .
The world sees a powerful elephant and an aggressive , rogue mouse that draws blood .
The elephant hands the mouse the power of veto over the entire Middle East peace process by demanding that the mouse recognise the elephant 's existence before any meaningful negotiations with Palestinians can take place .
All this does is send a message of weakness : " We genuinely believe that our existence is threatened by this mouse . "
Professor Baron argued that you cannot understand the history of the Jews outside of the histories of the societies in which Jews lived .
Yet this narrative of victimhood is sustainable only on the basis of a negative Jewish exceptionalism which severs the Jewish experience from the historical mainstream .
The hope and optimism which accompanied the collapse of communism and the Jewish revival in Europe in 1989 have certainly been eclipsed by a defensive , fearful , ethnocentric mindset , which makes a just resolution of the Israel - Palestine conflict ever harder to achieve and casts a pall over Jewish life everywhere .
So why are we reading our own times through the prism of a lachrymose view of Jewish history ?
If you 're urging me to list the faults of the enemies of the Jews , to say it 's all because of them , you might as well stop reading now .
Yes , of course our predicament is partly caused by others who wish us no good , but before we heap blame on them , I want to hold up a mirror to ourselves , to know what 's our responsibility .
The liberal historian of Zionism , Rabbi Arthur Hertzberg , said it 's " wrong to deny the Jews the dignity of having made their own history , even its pain " .
Consider these five interlocking points .
There is every reason why the Holocaust should be a constant influence on our thinking .
But by insisting on owning it , fencing it off and seeing it as uniquely unique , we 're in danger of lifting the Jewish tragedy out of history altogether .
And this process has been a conscious act .
If seen as completely unfathomable , the Holocaust is easily used to justify extraordinary measures to ensure that it does n't happen again .
This is a dangerous road to travel .
Being so defined by the Holocaust , Jewish leaders in Israel and elsewhere regularly use the tragedy to dramatise Israel 's position or the threats facing Jews .
So when the US Anti-Defamation League head Abraham Foxman described the attack on the Caracas synagogue as " the scene of a modern - day Kristallnacht " – the 9 November 1938 pogrom in Germany in which 91 Jews were killed , more than 30,000 were arrested and 191 synagogues were set on fire – he diminished Kristallnacht .
But more than this : it perpetuates the view that we Jews are for ever the objects and never the subjects of history .
This was never more than partially true , but ever since the establishment of the state of Israel , it has ceased to be true at all .
Israel changed everything – whether you 're close to Israel or not .
Israel acts on the world stage ; it calls itself a Jewish state ; what it does affects the Jewish position worldwide ; it cannot pretend to powerlessness ; it 's the subject of history , not the object , and in being so turns Jews everywhere into subjects of history too .
This is starkly illustrated in the fact that the UK Jewish community 's defence body , the Community Security Trust , reports a dramatic increase in anti-Semitic incidents since the beginning of the Gaza war .
This is not a new phenomenon .
For some decades , incidents have increased at times of high tension or violence in Israel - Palestine .
Jewish leaders and commentators are indignant at the implication that Jews worldwide are responsible for Israel 's actions .
Do n't conflate Jews and Israel , they say .
But matters are far more complicated .
Most Jews support Israel ; they feel it's part of their identity ; official Jewish bodies defend Israel when it 's criticised .
None of this justifies one single act of anti-Semitism against Jews perpetrated because someone claims to be angry about Palestine .
But we can't have it both ways .
If you 're close to Israel , you can't just own your connection with the country when all is quiet ; you have to own it when what Israel does provokes outrage .
The consequence of this is recognising that by provoking outrage , which is then used to target Jews , Israel bears responsibility for that anti-Jewish hostility .
If Israel were truly concerned about Jews worldwide , it would think long and hard about the implications of this reality .
The incongruous truth is that while we are drawing attention to anti-Semitism more comprehensively than at any time in the past 30 years , I sense that so much of the Jewish world is more comfortable with an identifiable enemy that hates us than with a multicultural society that welcomes Jews on equal terms .
Any anti-Semitism must be taken seriously , even at the best of times , but our appetite for the apocalyptic assessment of the anti-Semitic threat seems to know no bounds .
When the Labour MP Denis MacShane writes that " Neo-anti -Semitism is a developed , coherent and organised system of modern politics that has huge influence on the minds of millions " and that it " impacts on world politics today like no other ideology " , can we really take such hyperbole seriously ?
It 's perfectly possible to acknowledge the pain caused by increased anti-Semitism but reject wild scenarios and counterproductive ways of dealing with the problem – such as demonising strong criticism of Israel .
We should be able to have a dialogue about alternative ways of interpreting what 's happening and what needs to be done .
Sadly , the Jewish establishment here and other self - appointed gatekeepers of Jewish dignity see this as traitorous and a denial of anti-Semitism .
Nothing illustrates better how we are in thrall to the uniqueness of our suffering than the shocking silence from most Jewish leaders that has greeted the rise of Avigdor Lieberman – a politician who , in Haaretz 's words , " conducted a racist campaign against Israel 's Arab citizens and is suspected of grave criminal acts " – to king - maker for the next Israeli government .
It 's sickening that the leaders of Israel 's three largest parties have courted him and conferred respectability upon him , with not the slightest hint that they might be metaphorically holding their noses .
Before we put down the mirror , the final image we see is that of Lieberman .
We are not condemned to accept the fate which the closed - minded ethnocentricity of so many Jews dictates to us .
Ameliorating our predicament , restoring the balance , could come from acknowledging modest but profound truths , even if we get to them through distasteful comparisons .
I know that the siege , bombardment and invasion of Gaza were not like the German obliteration of the Warsaw ghetto – a comparison that critics of Israel are spreading through the internet I believe .
And our need for calm and compassionate examination of the reality of the conflict would be greatly enhanced if we could retire such comparisons .
But if we pause to think of the suffering of a dying Jewish child in the ghetto and a dying Palestinian child in Gaza , who would dare to suggest that their suffering is any different .
Yet , as Professor Baron seems to imply , we fall all too easily into the trap of thinking that there is something unique about Jewish suffering .
There is n't .
Antony Lerman is the former director of the Institute for Jewish Policy Research
A masked gunman from the Islamic group 's armed wing said it would rearm in defiance of efforts to stop weapons smuggling into Gaza , a key aim of the war .
" Do whatever you want , " said Abu Obeida , spokesman for the Izzadin al - Qassam Brigades .
" Manufacturing the holy weapons is our mission and we know how to acquire weapons . "
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Mar 6 , 2009 in Comic Books
Back in the day the gold standard of computer programming books were the O’Reilly books which featured distinctive woodcuts of various animals on the covers — well look out O’Reilly because a publisher in Japan has introduced a series of of mangas on an entire range of geek topics !
If you do n’t speak Japanese No Starch Press is starting to translate this line of mangas into English .
The first title in the series which is already out is The Manga Guide to Databases .
Here ’s the description from the publisher :
“ Princess Ruruna is stressed out .
With the king and queen away , she has to manage the Kingdom of Kod ’s humongous fruit - selling empire .
Overseas departments , scads of inventory , conflicting prices , and so many customers !
It ’s all such a confusing mess .
But a mysterious book and a helpful fairy promise to solve her organizational problems — with the practical magic of databases . ”
The artwork which is illustrated by Shoko Azuma looks pretty decent — here ’s a link to an Adobe Acrobat file which has a sample chapter on What is a Relational Database ?
Other upcoming books ( which can be pre-ordered from Amazon.com ) in this series include :
The Manga Guide to Electricity
“ Rereko is just your average high - school girl from Electopia , the land of electricity , but she ’s totally failed her final electricity exam !
Now she has to go to summer school on Earth .
And this time , she has to pass .
Luckily , her ever - patient tutor Hikaru is there to help .
Join them in the pages of The Manga Guide to Electricity as Rereko examines everyday electrical devices like flashlights , heaters , and circuit breakers , and learns the meaning of abstract concepts like voltage , potential , current , resistance , conductivity , and electrostatic force . ”
The Manga Guide to Calculus
“ Our story begins as Noriko , a recent liberal arts grad , arrives at a branch office of the Asagake Newspaper to start her career as a journalist .
With the help of her overbearing and math - minded boss Kakeru , she ’s finally able to do some real reporting .
But Noriko soon discovers the mathematical functions behind all the stories she struggles to cover . ”
The Manga Guide to Physics
“ This book ’s story revolves around Megumi , a high school tennis star frustrated by physics class — and the physics of tennis .
Luckily for her , she befriends Ryota , a geeky physics Olympian .
After he ’s persuaded to help Megumi avoid failing physics , Ryota teaches her about Newton ’s laws of motion , vectors and scalars , and inertia , velocity , and acceleration .
As Ryota explains classical mechanics , he uses real - world examples like roller blading , juggling , slingshots , braking cars , and tennis to show the importance ( and fun ) of physics in daily life . ”
And there ’s even a guide to statistics for financially focused otaku .
I hope that there are other books in this series …
Editor ’s Note : Fanboy.com is an affiliate member of Amazon Associates which means that we get a commission when ever you buy anything on Amazon.com , which in turn helps to support our site .
Green is the new black — and bamboo is the new titanium .
After years of churning out glossy , metal - finish , high - polish products , electronics companies are taking their design cues from nature — and trying to pick up the sheen of eco-friendliness — by wrapping their products in bamboo veneers .
Bamboo has become the " it " material for many gadget designers .
PC maker Dell has launched its Studio Hybrid PC with the option of a bamboo case , while Asus offers a Bamboo series notebook .
There are also bamboo speakers , a keyboard , mouse and USB hub available , all wearing the woody - stemmed grass .
" The use of authentic materials is a strong trend in product design right now , " says Gadi Amit , principal designer and founder of product - design firm New Deal Design , which worked with Dell on its Studio
Hybrid PC .
The trend goes far beyond the PC industry , with many designers in other fields adopting the ostensibly eco-friendly material .
Watchmaker Nixon has a modelwith a bamboo strap .
Bikemaker Craig Calfee showed bicycles with bamboo frames at a recent show .
Bamboo has even taken the clothing world by storm as one of the hottest textiles .
It 's used in everything from T - shirts and boxer shorts to high - end hotel bedsheets .
Bamboo is catching the attention of product designers in much the same way as titanium or fruit - colored translucent plastics did a few years ago .
Bamboo is an easy way to send a message about the green credentials of a product , say industrial designers .
It also appeals to people who want a very visible way to show they swing green — a visible complement to their Anya Hindmarch " I am not a plastic bag " bag and their Priuses .
But at least in the PC industry , the use of bamboo could be considered partly greenwashing , designers acknowledge .
Despite its positive connotations , bamboo cases are usually optional — and even then are just an exterior veneer glued to a carbon - fiber or plastic body .
" To some degree it is a gimmick or a shallow attempt , " says Amit .
" But it still signifies the emergence of a new aesthetic that is more rough , less polished and one that reconnects audience with the green movement . "
Bamboo exteriors are just the most recent flourish PC manufacturers are using to try to signal their concern for the environment .
Last year , Apple made a big splash with its redesigned Macbooks , carved from a solid aluminum block , which ostensibly eliminates waste .
The new Macbooks also offer higher energy efficiency and are shipped in smaller , less - wasteful packaging .
Dell has targetedincreasing power efficiency of PCs and recycling as part of its efforts .
Bamboo as a design material emerged from this movement .
" At the moment bamboo carries positive connotations , " says Paul Bradley , executive creative director for product - design firm Frog Design .
" Its primary purpose is messaging , a way to communicate what 's changed inside . "
Today 's use of bamboo in consumer electronics products is similar to how TVs were packaged in the 1950s and 1960s , with a wooden shell encasing the screen , says Bradley .
" The original thought was that having a piece of technology in your living environment was disruptive , " he says .
Now as consumers make an attempt to go back to nature , they are looking for a similar design aesthetic .
Bradley says the bamboo trend in products will accelerate this year before manufacturers start pulling back .
Recognizing the superficiality of a " green " veneer , PC makers are quick to emphasize that their eco-friendly efforts are more than skin deep .
" The energy efficiency aspect is more critical than the bamboo parts , " says Mark Solomon , principal designer at HP .
" There are also changes to packaging that can help reduce wastage more than having bamboo in the design can . "
New Deal Design 's Amit agrees : " A lot of the work is done on the inside in reducing energy usage .
The exterior bamboo is just to signify these , and it is important from a symbolism perspective . "
There 's also the question of the suitability of bamboo as a material in some of the products where it 's being used .
Plastic , for instance , is used in cellphones because it helps avoid interference with wireless antennas .
Titanium appeals to bikers because it is strong yet lightweight .
Bamboo is technology - neutral , says Solomon , and it is not easily molded .
" It has structural constraints , " he says .
Eventually the future of bamboo - coated gadgets will not lie with the green movement fans , says HP 's Solomon .
Instead , its continued use as a material may be driven by customization .
A notebook with a bamboo case or a bamboo bike will be offered as one of the many " sleeves " or " skins " available for a product .
" It will be about personalization rather than a greener material , " says Solomon .
See Also :
15 Awesome Wooden Computers [ TreeHugger ]
Apple sold 88 % more iPhones than in the same quarter the previous year Apple has posted strong quarterly results that beat analysts ' expectations and proved the company 's resilience to the economic downturn .
The technology giant made a record net profit of $ 1.61 bn ( £ 1.15 bn ) and posted record revenue of $ 10.7 bn for the quarter to the end of December .
Apple sold more than 22 million iPods and more than four million iPhones .
But the company warned that revenue could fall significantly in the first three months of 2009 .
For the same quarter the previous year , Apple 's profit was $ 1.58bn and its revenue was $ 9.6bn .
It was a great quarter and better than most people expected
Yair Reiner
Oppenheimer " Even in these economically challenging times , we are incredibly pleased to report our best quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple history - surpassing the $ 10bn in quarterly revenue for the first time ever , " said Apple boss Steve Jobs .
Increased sales
The company saw sales increase right across its main product ranges .
It sold 2,524,000 Macintosh computers during the three months , up 9 % on the last three months of 2007 .
It also sold 22,727,000 iPods , 3 % up on the previous year 's quarter .
Finally , it sold 4,363,000 iPhones , 88 % more than in the final quarter of 2007 .
However , Apple expects revenue to fall significantly over the next three months .
" Looking forward ... we expect revenue in the range of about $ 7.6bn to $ 8bn , " said Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's chief financial officer .
" It was a great quarter and better than most people expected , " said Yair Reiner , analyst at Oppenheimer .
The results come after reports that Apple faces a review by the US Securities and Exchange Commission to check that its recent disclosures about Steve Jobs 's health did not mislead investors .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TORONTO , Dec. 10 ( UPI ) --
The top two Google Internet searches Canadians made last year were for the obviously named Facebook and Youtube sites , Google reported Wednesday .
Google Canada spokesman Andrew Swartz told the Globe and Mail no one understands why users do n't simply go to the sites by adding a dot - com suffix .
Advertisement
" It 's a little redundant , obviously , but clearly it happens a lot , " he said .
The Canadian top 10 list had lyrics as the third most popular search , followed by weather , games , Google itself , Hotmail , Yahoo , maps and Canada , the company said .
Swartz said people were likely Googling Google itself because of its other products , such as Google Maps and Google Earth .
The company has released an annual top 10 list for U.S. searches since 2001 , but this is the first year it expanded to include 35 other countries , the report said .
Universally , the No. 1 search was for Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate in November 's election , the company said .
Posted on
In the News ( from The New York Times ) : “ Data Show College Endowments Loss Is Worst Drop Since ’ 70 s ” Battered by the markets … the drop found by the reports is the biggest in the value of college and university endowments since the mid-1970s .
In the News ( from The New York Times ) : “ Brandeis Says It Plans to Sell Art Collection to Raise Cash ”
The trustees of Brandeis University voted unanimously on Monday to close the Rose Art Museum and sell its collection to help shore up the university ’s finances .
My Comment :
The crisis will free the universities of excessive expenses and programs , and of unneeded specializations and specialists , leaving only what is necessary .
And the same will happen in the day - to - day lives of all people .
In the News ( from France24 ) : “ Number of Internet users tops one billion ” The global number of Internet users has surpassed one billion .
The digital research firm comScore Inc. reported that China had nearly 180 million people going online in December , followed by the United States with 163 million , Japan with 60 million , Germany and Britain with nearly 37 million each and France with 34 million .
India was next with 32 million Internet users followed by Russia ( 29 million ) , Brazil ( 28 million ) , South Korea ( 27 million ) , Canada ( 22 million ) and Italy ( 21 million ) .
My Comment : Based on this , we have to create a system of global education .
This is what the web was created for !
Related Material :
Laitman.com Post : We Are Standing at the Threshold of an Extraordinary Discovery
Laitman.com Post : The Need for One Global Educational Program
Filed under : Crisis | Add Comment →
TV on Trial KIRO 's Shoddy Reporting Prompts Complaint by State
Last fall , in the tense run-up to the November election , KIRO Eyewitness News broadcast the results of " an extensive KIRO Team 7 investigation " that accused Washington State election officials of allowing felons and dead people ( or , as KIRO described them , " ghost voters " ) to illegally cast ballots .
" Voting from beyond the grave was supposed to be a thing of the past , " intoned KIRO reporter Chris Halsne on November 3 , the day before the election , adding ominously that this type of voting is nevertheless " happening here . "
Naturally , given the intense mistrust of the state elections system that has festered in conservative circles ever since Governor Christine Gregoire eked out a highly litigated victory over Republican Dino Rossi in 2004 , the office of Secretary of State Sam Reed was immediately inundated with complaints .
" I am writing to express my outrage that your office has still not managed to clean up the voter rolls in FOUR YEARS , " wrote one angry citizen .
" Ballots sent to 24,000 felons ?
Really ?
Do you not remember how close the last governor 's election was ?...
DO YOUR JOB !!! "
The problem :
It was KIRO that was n't doing its job , according to a complaint that Reed 's office filed with the Washington News Council , a nonprofit that seeks to foster public trust in the news media by publicly airing such charges and , essentially , delivering a verdict .
John Hamer , executive director of the council , said KIRO 's two investigative reports on alleged illegal voting ( one about dead voters that aired on November 3 , 2008 , and another about felon voters that aired on October 14 , 2008 ) exhibited a " lack of accuracy , thoroughness , and ethics . "
Prime example :
The two voters who KIRO 's Halsne used as case studies in his series turned out to be legal voters .
" In both of his stories , his poster child was dead wrong , " said David Ammons , spokesman for Reed .
" The felon was not a felon and the dead person was not a dead person .
We just felt like we had to blow the whistle . "
In addition , the investigation 's methodology was suspect : KIRO based its claims on a comparison of state and federal databases of felons , voters , and dead people — but one of those databases is unreliable and , of course , all of them are subject to errors of interpretation .
While the claim that some felons and " ghost voters " do manage to cast ballots in this state is credible , KIRO 's alarm was undermined by its own reports , which admitted that Washington has a " relatively low number " of dead voters and that " the whole system for tracking felons is a mess " — a mess that extends far beyond the secretary of state 's office and is likely to be addressed by the state legislature this session with a bill to make the felon - tracking process far more simple going forward .
Most news organizations would find these kinds of basic errors in an " exclusive " and supposedly important investigation to be highly embarrassing .
Ammons , who is the former Associated Press bureau chief in Olympia , said that if his former employer had put out such a report , " We would have been mortified , for starters , and we would have corrected it within seconds . "
KIRO does n't appear mortified , and it has n't offered a correction — though , according to Reed 's office , KIRO officials tried to negotiate behind the scenes for Reed to withdraw the News Council complaint and " muzzle " himself in exchange for KIRO quietly removing the reports from its website .
When the secretary of state refused this quid pro quo and chose instead to move toward a public News Council hearing on the matter ( which would have been broadcast statewide on TVW , Washington 's public affairs network ) , KIRO simply removed the stories from its website without comment and refused to participate in the public meeting , according to Ammons .
Asked to explain the station 's actions , KIRO community relations manager Maria Lamarca Anderson offered this statement : " KIRO 7 Eyewitness News is proud of its stories on dead and felon voters .
We remain pleased that as a result of the KIRO 7 Team Investigation , dead voters were removed from the Washington State rolls prior to the November election . "
She would not elaborate further , nor would she make Halsne available for an interview .
This is not the first time Halsne has been at the center of a complaint to the News Council , nor the first time that KIRO has refused to participate in the News Council 's hearing process .
A 2003 " hidden camera " report Halsne did for KIRO on the alleged mistreatment of " downer cows " by a Washington beef and dairy producer led to a multiparty complaint and a public hearing at Seattle 's Town Hall ( which KIRO also boycotted ) .
That complaint was " upheld " by the council — essentially a " guilty " ruling after what amounted to a trial in absentia , though of course the council has no power to punish journalistic offenders in any way other than public embarrassment .
" I firmly believe that this kind of shoddy , second - rate journalism hurts democracy , " Hamer said .
" I think the only way to change KIRO 's behavior in the long run is public embarrassment .
Are they capable of being embarrassed ?
We 'll see . "
Uli Seit for The New York Times
After intense protests from India ’s government and the Indian press , Mohandas K. Gandhi ‘s eyeglasses and some of his other belongings were sold on Thursday afternoon for $ 1.8 million at an auction in Manhattan , after last - minute attempts to halt the sale .
[ Read the article prepared for Friday editions . ]
The buyer was identified as Vijay Mallya , an Indian liquor and airline executive who owns the company that makes Kingfisher beer .
A representative for Mr. Mallya , Tony Bedi , did the bidding and later announced that the belongings would be returned to India for public display , but it was not clear whether they would be turned over to the government , as some officials have demanded .
Indian officials had maintained that the auction — scheduled to be completed on Thursday afternoon in Manhattan — was illegal , but also that they were continuing to negotiate with the owner , James Otis , over a possible resolution .
Ultimately , the government and Mr. Otis were not successful in halting the auction .
The bidders included a dozen people in the room , 30 people on the phone , and about two dozen people who submitted written bids .
The auction house said it would keep possession of the items for two weeks in order to make sure there were no legal claims over ownership .
The second highest bid was a $ 1.75 million bid submitted online from Britain , the auction house said .
As soon as Lot No. 364 came up for sale shortly after 3 p.m. , a hush settled across the room and a slide show of Gandhi was displayed , with a recording of piano music .
While the bidding increments were originally set to $ 10,000 , within a matter of seconds the price , fueled by Internet and phone offers , escalated up to $ 200,000 and then started jumping by $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 increments .
Within two minutes the bidding hit $ 1 million .
At that point , the contest became a bidding war between Mr. Bedi , representing Mr. Mallya , and Arlan Ettinger , the president of Guernsey ’s Auction House , representing a former Indian cricketer , Dilip Doshi , who now works for a company that distributes Montblanc pens and other luxury items .
After a phone bidder declined to push Mr. Bedi ’s bid at $ 1.8 million , Mr. Bedi was declared the winner .
The room burst into applause .
Mr. Ettinger said afterwards that Mr. Doshi was interested in donating the items to the Indian government .
The confusing situation culminated Thursday afternoon as a throng of journalists gathered at the East 57th Street headquarters of Antiquorum Auctioneers , which is handling the sale .
Shortly after 1 p.m. , its chairman , Robert Maron , said that despite some news reports that Mr. Otis had decided to pull out , the auction would proceed .
“ There is a lot of propaganda because the Indian government is trying to get this item , ” Mr. Maron said .
Around 2:30 p.m. , Ravi Batra , a lawyer who said he was representing the owner , Mr. Otis , a Los Angeles peace activist , pro bono , entered the auction house , and announced that Mr. Otis was trying to halt the sale .
Shortly later , Mr. Batra was asked to leave .
“ Escorting me off the premises is the same as escorting James Otis and his wishes off the premises , ” he said as he was leaving .
He criticized the auction house for trying to make money on “ the altar of Gandhi ’s legacy . ”
Mr. Batra said , “ The right to sell belongs solely and singularly to James Otis and not to Antiquorum . ”
Robert Maron , the chairman of the auction house , declined to comment on Mr. Otis ’s last - minute change of heart .
“ We fully complied with the consigner ’s wishes , ” he said , referring to Mr. Otis .
“ We now have a fiduciary obligation to the buyer . ”
Mr. Bedi , the representative of Mr. Mallya , the winning bidder , who was in Geneva on Thursday , acknowledged that the circumstances of the auction were unusual .
“ The owner of the items , he had a double mind at the last moment , ” Mr. Bedhi said , adding that he did not think Mr. Otis ’s change of heart would prevent the sale from being finalized .
“ He ’s really pleased with the purchase , ” Mr. Bedi said of his client , Mr. Mallya .
“ He is bringing the heritage of the items back to India . ”
Inside the auction room was a mix between elite Indian - born businessmen and diehard watch collectors .
One of the potential bidders was Sant Singh Chatwal , an Indian - American businessman who is close to former President Bill Clinton and who founded the Bombay Palace restaurants and Hampshire Hotels and Resorts .
“ I made up my mind to go up to maybe half a million , ” said Mr. Chatwal , who was interested in bidding on behalf of the Indian government , in a phone interview before the auction .
“ Anything when it comes to Gandhi is emotional , sentimental and patriotic when it comes to Indians , ” said Shyan Gulati , chief executive of the Infopeople Corporation , an information technology company based on Wall Street , who described the scene at the auction house as a Who ’s Who of New York ’s Indian elite .
“ In the last 10 years , Indian professionals are doing extremely well all over the world and they ’d like to contribute . ”
Mr. Otis offered on Wednesday to donate the items to India if the government agreed to sharply increase spending on the poor or create an international traveling exhibition about Gandhi that would include the items scheduled for auction — among them Gandhi ’s trademark steel - rimmed spectacles , a Zenith pocket watch , a pair of sandals and an eating bowl and plate .
But in New Delhi on Thursday , a junior foreign minister , Anand Sharma , rejected the demands , which he said would have infringed on the country ’s sovereignty , The Associated Press reported .
The planned auction has raised an uproar in India , where many people feel the items are part of the country ’s cultural legacy .
The auction house , Antiquorum Auctioneers , based on East 57th Street , had set a reserve price , or minimum bid , at $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 .
Earlier on Thursday , Tushar Gandhi , 49 , a great - grandson of Gandhi who heads the Mahatma Gandhi Foundation and a writer and lecturer on nonviolence , said in a phone interview from Mumbai , “ I am not going to rejoice ’til those items are handed over to the government of India . ”
He added , “ I am apprehensive at this moment about what is going to happen . ”
But after the auction , Mr. Gandhi said , “ I am very happy now .
Now the things will come back to India to where it rightly belongs . ”
He said of Mr. Mallya , “ He will give them to government to display i a museum .
I do not have any reason for not to believe him .
I am happy and relieved now . ”
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had asked India ’s embassy in the United States to do everything possible to secure the items , and the country ’s culture minister , Ambika Soni , even vowed to “ enter the auction if required as a last resort . ”
But in the end , officials decided not to do so , because the Delhi High Court had ordered an injunction to stop the auction in response to a petition filed by the Navajivan Trust , a publishing house that is Gandhi ’s legal heir .
( Mr. Otis ’s items were acquired legally ; some of them had been given away by Gandhi himself . )
The Indian government said that news of the injunction was passed to both the auction house and Mr. Otis , but the auction house said the Indian court had no jurisdiction in the United States .
“ The government ca n’t participate because this would be contempt of court , ” Prabhu Dayal , India ’s consul general in New York , said in an interview on Thursday morning .
“ This is getting more complicated . ”
The Times of India noted that the National Gandhi Museum runs a brisk trade in replicas of Gandhi ’s belongings , including replicas of his nail cutter ( 250 rupees , or $ 4.85 at the current exchange rate ) , glasses ( 450 rupees , or $ 8.73 ) and watch ( 800 rupees , or $ 15.52 ) .
Mr. Dayal initially told The Times that Mr. Otis was scheduled to go to the consul general ’s office in New York around 10 a.m.
Thursday for negotiations , but Ashok Kumar , a spokesman for the consulate , later said that Mr. Otis had not visited the building .
There is a large image of Gandhi in the entryway to the consulate , on East 64th Street .
The auction began on Wednesday and concluded Thursday .
Bids were taken in person , over the phone , online and in writing .
The auction house argued that it was too late for Mr. Otis to withdraw from the sale .
“ Anyone who consigns an item for sale has entered a legally binding agreement to put that item up for sale , ” Julien Schaerer , an official at the auction house .
Asked if Mr. Otis had tried to pull the items out of the auction , Mr. Schaerer declined to comment .
Before the auction began , about 40 bidders had registered , from Australia , Germany , Austria , India , Canada and the United States , among other countries .
( In comparison , there were only six registered bidders in October for a watch belonging to Albert Einstein , which sold for almost $ 600,000 . )
Among the potential bidders was Himadri Roy , 72 , who had flown in from Montreal at the last minute to take part in the auction and was walking around in the auction house on Thursday morning .
Mr. Roy said he had met Gandhi when he was 10 years old , when he had placed a garland of flowers around Gandhi ’s head and Gandhi had taken it off and placed it on him .
He still has those flowers , he said .
Mr. Roy is an engineer who has profited from real estate investments .
“ I just want to bid and take our stuff back , ” he said .
He grew teary as he looked at the Gandhi items on display .
“ Now I have some money .
I want to hold on for a while and then maybe donate it . ”
For the first time , Antiquorum Auctioneers , which focuses on watches , is requiring banking references , said Mr. Maron , the chairman .
Recently , Cai Mingchao , a collector and auctioneer , raised an uproar after he submitted two winning bids for bronze sculptures from China ’s Qing Dynasty at a Christie ’s auction in Paris .
Mr. Cai later refused to pay for the items , saying he had deliberately sabotaged the auction because the sculptures had been illegally looted in the 19th century from an imperial palace outside Beijing .
“ We are concerned about what happened at Christie ’s , ” Mr. Maron said in a phone interview .
Mr. Otis has said that he plans to use the proceeds from the sale to promote pacifist causes .
One of his two proposals to the Indian government would have required the country to raise spending on the poor to 5 percent of gross domestic product , which would cost tens of billions of dollars .
The other proposal would have required a world tour of the Gandhi - related items in at least 78 countries — the number of years Gandhi lived — to draw attention to his principles of nonviolence .
Mr. Sharma , the junior foreign minister , rejected those terms , saying that Gandhi himself “ would not have agreed to conditions . ”
He added , “ The government of India representing the sovereign people of this republic cannot enter into such agreements where it involves specific areas of allocation of resources . ”
Gandhi , who advocated nonviolent resistance to British rule in India , died in 1948 after being shot by a militant nationalist , months after India ’s independence was proclaimed .
Past auctions of Gandhi memorabilia have faced similar problems .
In 2007 , a letter written by Gandhi was withdrawn from a London auction to allow the Indian government to acquire it .
Reporting was contributed by Jennifer 8 .
Lee and Joel Stonington from New York and Hari Kumar from New Delhi .
Passage of the Innocence Protection Act in the closing days of the 108th Congress was a watershed moment .
To be sure , the bill that finally became law was a shadow of the more ambitious criminal justice reforms first championed five years earlier by Senator Pat Leahy , Congressman Bill Delahunt and others .
But the enactment of legislation designed to strengthen – not weaken – procedural protections for death row inmates was rich in symbolic importance and promise .
Writing in the April 2001 issue of The Champion ( ” Innocence Protection Act : Death Penalty Reform on the Horizon ” ) , I said optimistically : “ The criminal justice pendulum may be swinging back in the direction of fairness .
The Innocence Protection Act of 2001 , introduced in both the Senate and the House of Representatives earlier this year , promises meaningful reforms in the administration of capital punishment in the United States . ”
Four years later I ’d claim that prediction was fairly accurate .
While the reforms in the final bill are not as meaningful as I and others had hoped , the pendulum clearly swung .
( Title IV of Public Law 108-405 , Justice for All Act . )
The IPA marks a dramatic departure from 25 years of congressional debate on the death penalty .
Soon after the Supreme Court revived capital punishment in 1976 , proposals emerged to restore the federal death penalty .
In 1986 , the Reagan Administration unsuccessfully urged the U.S. Sentencing Commission to promulgate guidelines for federal capital punishment .
In 1988 , as part of an omnibus anti-drug bill , Congress reauthorized the federal death penalty for certain drug - related murders .
The 1994 crime bill signed by President Clinton authorized a death sentence for over 50 new and existing federal crimes .
At the same time that Congress was dusting off the machinery of federal capital punishment , it began to debate measures to limit federal review of state death sentences .
Proposals to eviscerate habeas corpus came close to passage in crime bills throughout the early 1990s , but were held at bay by strenuous opposition from senior Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee and members of the Emergency Committee to Save Habeas Corpus , co-chaired by former Attorneys General Katzenbach , Richardson , Levi and Civiletti .
Pressure to streamline death row appeals finally found an outlet in the 1996 anti-terrorism bill that followed the Oklahoma City bombing .
That same Congress cut off funding for the death penalty resource centers that had provided a modicum of procedural protection for death row inmates in a number of active death penalty jurisdictions .
But by 2000 , the climate began to change .
The advent of DNA technology demonstrated with scientific precision the fallibility of the criminal justice system .
Pioneering legal work and public advocacy by Innocence Project founders Barry Scheck and Peter Neufeld exonerated dozens of long - time prisoners based on post - conviction DNA testing .
An overlapping list of wrongly convicted death row inmates – some exonerated by DNA testing , some by non-scientific evidence – began to grow , and soon both lists topped 100 .
Public pressure that only a few years earlier led to an acceleration of capital punishment now shifted in favor of closer scrutiny of death sentences to protect the innocent .
Senator Patrick Leahy and Congressman William Delahunt both began their political careers as prosecutors , Leahy in Vermont and Delahunt in Massachusetts .
Both Democrats are opponents of the death penalty , but they are also savvy legislators .
They built alliances with Republican death penalty supporters – Leahy with Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon and Delahunt with Congressman Ray LaHood of Illinois – to advance a package of new statutory protections for capital defendants .
They dubbed their proposal the Innocence Protection Act .
Introduction of the IPA in 2000 coincided with the decision of Governor George Ryan to impose a moratorium on executions in Illinois following the exoneration of 13 death row inmates in that state .
Ryan attended an early press conference on the Innocence Protection Act and was the star witness at the first House Judiciary Committee hearing on the bill .
During this time , a non-profit organization called The Justice Project – for which I served as outside counsel – developed a grassroots and media campaign to publicize growing concerns about the administration of capital punishment and build support for the Leahy / Delahunt reforms .
Eventually dozens of senators and over half of the House cosponsored the bill .
Still , it would require five years of legislative slogging before the IPA would become law .
Proponents of reform faced institutional opposition from federal and state prosecutors as well as skepticism from senior Republican members of the Senate and House Judiciary Committees who , only a few years before , had championed the 1996 limits on habeas corpus .
Early versions of the IPA were more wide - ranging than the recently enacted law .
From the outset , the two pillars of the bill were expanded access to post - conviction DNA testing and improvements in the systems by which states appoint defense lawyers for indigent capital defendants .
But the original IPA also contained other reforms such as limits on the application of the federal death penalty in states that do not authorize capital punishment , improved jury instructions in federal capital cases , and a Sense of Congress that juveniles and the mentally retarded should not be executed .
These peripheral proposals dropped out during legislative negotiations over the years .
Read more …
The basic idea behind OpenPatents.org is to change the rules of the patent game such that it is to the advantage of participants to help solve the problems of software patents .
This is done with two tools : A certification mark and a patent license .
The Certification Mark : The Open Patent Certification Mark license can be applied to goods and services that are " playing fair " with respect to patents , ( according to standards that will be published on this site today . )
The Patent License : The Open Patent License ( still under development ) is in effect a mutual nonagression pact , with a number of additions that :
Allow companies to be mutually nonagressive with respect to : only a specific set of patents , all their software patents , or all their patents ;
contain language such that submitted patents are available for Open Source / Free Software use ; and
require that companies wishing to obtain the full advantages of the license with respect to software patents and more , not attempt to make an end - run around the license by using forms of IP other than patents that restrict the reimplementations of works .
This would include things such as look and feel copyrights , and restrictions on reverse engineering .
( The license would be useless if participants could still restrict each other from whole areas of the market using dubious non-patent forms of IP . )
The draft versions of the license currently published are practically unreadable .
An updated and vastly simplified draft will be published within the next couple weeks .
Last Modified on April 27 2007 08:01:26 UTC
Send feedback on this site to Mark Shewmaker
JERUSALEM , March 17 ( Reuters ) - Israel will not ease its blockade of the Gaza Strip until captured soldier Gilad Shalit is freed by the enclave 's Hamas Islamist rulers , an Israeli political source said on Tuesday after talks with Hamas stalled .
" The crossings ... are operating at a minimum to prevent a humanitarian crisis in Gaza , " the source said after an Israeli cabinet meeting .
" And they ( the crossings ) will remain so until Gilad Shalit is released . "
Typically , when we think of a computer worm , we immediately think of a normal , code - based virus .
If only that were the case .
One gentleman 's computer had a real , live worm , crawl into his laptop and do some serious damage .
The folks at Telegraph.co.uk tell the story of Mike Taylor , who recently began having computer troubles related to his laptop 's cooling fan .
When Mike attempted to investigate the problem through an IT repairman , the two came across perhaps one of the most effective worms we 've seen to date .
An actual worm had made its way through the cooling vents of the laptop , and up to the fan where it caused a complete cooling failure .
The worm itself was found wrapped around the fan , and was then cooked by the heat .
The fan never recovered though , which led to Taylor 's computer issues .
Taylor believes that it was his cats that may have brought the worm in , and subsequently caused it to seek shelter .
No matter how the worm actually gained entry , the story is certainly one that Taylor can look forward to telling for years to come .
Of course , now we 're expecting virus coders to come out with a virus that does exactly this .
In der heutigen Zeit sind Smartphones aus unserem Alltag nicht mehr wegzudenken und machen die Kommunikation nahtlos und einfach wie nie zuvor .
Das Aufkommen von Smartphones hat aber auch neue Risiken für unsere Kinder mit sich gebracht , die im Internet mit Schikanen und anstößigen Inhalten konfrontiert werden könnten .
Ebenso haben Smartphones es Ihren Mitarbeitern erleichtert , vertrauliche Unternehmensinformationen auszutauschen und Ihr geheimes geistiges Eigentum preiszugeben .
Glücklicherweise gibt es mehrere Softwares auf dem Markt , mit der Sie die Smartphone - Nutzung Ihrer Kinder und Mitarbeiter überwachen können , um sicherzustellen , dass sie ihre Geräte nicht missbrauchen oder ihre Zeit auf Social - Networking - Websites verschwenden .
Allerdings gibt es eine Reihe von Handy - Spionage - Apps auf dem Markt , die mehr versprechen , als sie liefern können , und nicht in der Lage sind , die Überwachungsanforderungen des Verbrauchers zu erfüllen .
Um Ihnen zu helfen , die verdorbenen Äpfel herauszupicken , haben wir die Spitzen - Handy - Spionage - Software auf dem Markt handverlesen , die garantiert alle Ihre Tracking - Anforderungen erfüllen , sei es das Abhören von Anrufen , oder die genaue Position des Zieltelefons zu erfahren , diese Anwendungen geben Ihnen sicher den meisten Wert für Ihr Geld .
Unten haben wir eine Rangliste der heißesten Handy - Spionagesoftware auf dem Markt zusammengestellt , mit detaillierten Beschreibungen der Produkte , ihrer Funktionen und der Preisinformationen , um Ihnen zu helfen , die richtige Software für Ihre Überwachungsbedürfnisse auszuwählen .
1. mSpy ( Beste Spy App für iPhone )
Was ist das ?
Unsere Top - Auswahl unter den besten Handy - Spionage - Apps auf dem Markt ist mSpy , die mobile Tracking - Anwendung , die alle die richtigen Kästchen abhackt , und eine innovative Lösung für die Spionage auf dem iPhone bietet .
mSpy bietet eine sichere und zuverlässige Überwachungssoftware sowie eine prompte und reaktionsschnelle Kundenbetreuung für ein umfassendes Überwachungserlebnis .
Darüber hinaus ist mSpy eine äußerst benutzerfreundliche Spionageanwendung , und Sie können sogar Hilfe für den Installationsprozess über den Live - Chat - Service von mSpy anfordern .
Nach der Installation können
Sie sofort auf alle Daten auf dem Zielgerät zugreifen , indem Sie die revolutionäre Systemsteuerung verwenden , das als persönliche Steuertafel fungiert , die es Ihnen ermöglicht , alle gesammelten Daten in umfassenden Berichten einzusehen .
Nachfolgend haben wir eine Liste der innovativen Funktionen zusammengestellt , die in der Premium - Version der mSpy - App angeboten werden .
m Spy Features
Die App wurde für Eltern entwickelt , um die Handy - Nutzung ihrer Kinder zu überwachen , mit einem vielseitigen Set an Features wie Telefonanrufüberwachung auf dem Zielgerät , Standortverfolgung , Zugriff auf Textnachrichten und Multimedia - Dateien , zusätzlich die Möglichkeit , Instant Messaging - Anwendungen wie WhatsApp auf dem Gerät zu überwachen .
1. Anrufe verwalten – Mit der Anruftrackingsfunktion von mSpy können Sie sicherstellen , dass Ihre Kinder nicht mit den falschen Personen sprechen .
Die App führt eine chronologische Aufzeichnung aller ein- und ausgehenden Anrufe vom Ziel iPhone mit Zeitstempeln und Kontaktinformationen , die Sie später über die Systemsteuerung einsehen können .
2. Standortverfolgung – Sie können nicht den ganzen Tag um Ihre Kinder herum sein , aber es ist immer noch wichtig , dass Sie wissen , wo sie sind , und noch wichtiger , ob sie sicher sind .
Der genaue GPS - Tracker von mSpy ermöglicht es Ihnen , den aktuellen Standort des Zielgeräts sowie den detaillierten Routenverlauf des Geräts über einen bestimmten Zeitraum hinweg anzuzeigen .
Alle diese Informationen können bequem über die Systemsteuerung von mSpy eingesehen werden .
3. Sofortnachrichten - Überwachung – Mit mSpy können
Sie bequem alle Nachrichten lesen , die von Instant Messaging - Diensten wie iMessage und WhatsApp gesendet und empfangen werden , mit Zeitstempeln für jede Nachricht , zusammen mit den Namen und Profilbildern der Personen , die diesen Nachrichten zugeordnet sind .
Darüber hinaus können
Sie sich auch die Fotos und Videos ansehen , die über Instant Messaging - Dienste ausgetauscht werden .
4. Gespeicherte Dateien anzeigen – Betrachten Sie mühelos alle Fotos , Videos und Audioaufnahmen , die mit der Kamera des Telefons aufgenommen wurden oder über Instant Messaging - Dienste empfangen wurden .
5. Keylogger– mSpy ’s Keylogger - Funktion zeichnet alle Tasten auf , die auf dem Gerät gedrückt werden , die dann in die Systemsteuerung hochgeladen werden , wo Sie die konsolidierten Tastenanschläge sehen können , um zu sehen , wonach Ihr Kind im Internet sucht oder welche Nachrichten über das Gerät ausgetauscht werden .
6. Unfeststellbar – Der größte Vorteil der Verwendung einer Anwendung wie mSpy ist , dass sie mit ihren vielseitigen Funktionen ein nahtloses Tracking - Erlebnis bietet , während sie gleichzeitig für den Benutzer des überwachten Geräts völlig unauffindbar bleibt .
Seine unauffällige Natur ermöglicht es Ihnen , das Gerät diskret zu überwachen , ohne dass der Besitzer jemals herausfindet , dass es überwacht wird .
Eine vollständige Liste der Funktionen finden Sie auf der offiziellen Website von mSpy .
Zusätzlich zu diesen revolutionären Funktionen bietet mSpy einen professionellen 24×7 - Kundenservice , der in einer Vielzahl von Sprachen verfügbar ist .
Die App ist außerdem unglaublich einfach zu installieren und zu benutzen , wobei die 95 % ige Kundenzufriedenheitsrate ein Beweis für die Tracking - Fähigkeiten der Anwendung ist .
Preisgestaltung
Mit all seinen unglaublichen Funktionen und der einfach zu bedienenden Benutzeroberfläche ist die leistungsstarke Premium - Version von mSpy für 52,49 US - Dollar für einen Monat erhältlich , sodass Sie iMessages und Tastatureingaben auf dem Zielgerät überwachen können .
Wenn Ihre Tracking - Anforderungen nicht so anspruchsvoll sind , können
Sie sich für die Basic - Version für nur 22,49 € pro Monat entscheiden , aber diese Version wird es Ihnen nicht ermöglichen , Sofortnachrichten zu verfolgen oder auf die Key - Logging - Funktion zuzugreifen .
Probieren Sie das Demo - Angebot auf der Website von mSpy aus und nutzen
Sie die unglaublichen Rabatte auf seine Produkte , um diese erstaunliche Anwendung für all Ihre Tracking - Anforderungen zu erhalten .
2. FlexiSPY
Was ist das ?
Auf Platz 2 unserer Liste der besten Spionagesoftware für Mobiltelefone , haben wir FlexiSPY , die One - Stop - Lösung , um all Ihre Überwachungsbedürfnisse zu lösen .
FlexiSPY wurde für ängstliche Eltern und Arbeitgeber entwickelt , um ihre Kinder und Angestellten im Auge zu behalten .
Erhältlich in einer Vielzahl von Kaufoptionen , kommt FlexiSPY ’s mit einem integrierten SMS - Tracker , einem Live - Standort - Tracker , Anrufüberwachungsfunktionen und ermöglicht es Ihnen sogar , das Mikrofon des Zielgeräts zu aktivieren , um die Gespräche zu hören , die um das Gerät herum stattfinden .
Nachfolgend können
Sie sich über den vollen Funktionsumfang der FlexiSPY Extreme Version informieren .
FlexiSPY Features
FlexiSPY bietet über 150 unglaubliche Features und seine innovative Technologie ermöglicht Ihnen die diskrete Überwachung der gesamten Kommunikation , des Verhaltens und der Position eines Smartphones .
Während es vielfältig und geschickt für eine Vielzahl von Trackingzwecken ist , ist FlexiSPY für seine weitreichenden Möglichkeiten zum Ausspionieren von Instant Messaging - Anwendungen bekannt .
FlexiSPY ist eine der wenigen Tracking - Software , die WhatsApp , Facebook , Viber und andere Anwendungen vollständig überwachen kann .
1. Sofortnachrichten überwachen – Nutzen Sie die überlegene Instant Messaging - Tracking - Funktion von FlexiSPY , um alle Nachrichten zu lesen , die vom Zielgerät gesendet und empfangen werden , einschließlich Zeitstempel und Profilbildern der Kontakte auf dem überwachten Mobiltelefon .
Die App ist so ausgestattet , dass sie eine Vielzahl von Diensten wie WhatsApp , Facebook , BBM , Skype und Line ausspionieren kann .
2. Telefonanrufe abfangen – FlexiSPY unterscheidet sich von anderen Spionageanwendungen durch seine Fähigkeit , Telefonanrufe in Echtzeit abzuhören und aufzuzeichnen , mit kompletter Heimlichkeit , da der Besitzer des Geräts keine Ahnung hat , dass Sie den Anruf hören .
Alle aufgezeichneten Anrufe werden in das FlexiSPY Dashboard hochgeladen , wo Sie die Aufzeichnungen herunterladen oder direkt vom Dashboard aus anhören können .
3. Textnachrichtenfunktionen – Mit FlexiSPY können
Sie alle SMS - und MMS - Nachrichten , die auf dem Zieltelefon gesendet oder empfangen werden , einschließlich der Kontaktnummern , einschließlich der Nachrichten , die möglicherweise vom Gerät gelöscht wurden , anzeigen und lesen .
4. Anwendungen überwachen – Überwachen
Sie mühelos alle Anwendungen , die auf dem Zielgerät installiert sind , einschließlich der auf dem Telefon gespeicherten Notizen oder Ereignisse , die vom Besitzer des Telefons dem Kalender hinzugefügt werden .
5. Internet - Tracking – Um sicherzustellen , dass Ihre Kinder oder Mitarbeiter keine anstößigen Inhalte auf ihren Handys sehen , ermöglicht FlexiSPY Ihnen , alle Websites , die auf dem überwachten Gerät über den Browser des Telefons besucht werden , zusammen mit dem Datum und der Uhrzeit des Zugriffs auf diese Websites anzuzeigen .
6. Fern -Spionage – FlexiSPY bietet Ihnen ein unglaubliches Tracking - Erlebnis von zu Hause aus , indem es Ihnen einen Fernzugriff auf das Gerät ermöglicht , um Bilder von der Kamera des Geräts zu klicken , den Batteriestatus zu überprüfen und sogar einen Neustart des Zielgeräts aus der Ferne zu ermöglichen .
Eine vollständige Liste der Funktionen finden Sie auf der offiziellen Website von FlexiSpy .
Darüber hinaus verfügt die App über eine einfach zu installierende Prozedur , bei der Sie sich zurücklehnen können , während die Leute von FlexiSPY die App remote auf dem Zielgerät installieren .
Alle von der App gesammelten Daten können
Sie auch unterwegs über FlexiVIEW , eine kostenlose mobile Viewer - App für Android und iOS , einsehen .
Preisgestaltung
Sie können Zugriff auf die erstaunlichen Funktionen haben , die FlexiSPY in seiner Premium - Version für nur $ 68 pro Monat bietet , einschließlich Sofortnachrichtenüberwachung , Zugriff auf Multimedia - Dateien , Internet - Tracking und Standortüberwachung .
Wenn
Sie alle diese Funktionen nutzen möchten , aber auch Telefonanrufe abhören und Kamera und Mikrofon des Geräts steuern möchten , dann empfehlen wir Ihnen die Extreme - Version , die Sie für 199 Dollar für einen Zeitraum von 3 Monaten abonnieren können .
Darüber hinaus verfügt FlexiSPY über eine attraktive Rückerstattungspolitik , die es Ihnen ermöglicht , Ihr Geld zurückzubekommen , wenn das Produkt nicht wie erwartet funktioniert .
3. Hoverwatch
Was ist das ?
Wenn
Sie nach einer fortschrittlichen und dennoch einfach zu bedienenden Tracking - Software suchen , um die Smartphones Ihrer Familie und Mitarbeiter zu überwachen , dann suchen Sie nicht weiter als die nächste App auf unserer Liste – Hoverwatch .
Die App ist vollgepackt mit einer unglaublichen Reihe von Funktionen und Fähigkeiten , die sich um all Ihre Tracking - Anforderungen für die kommenden Jahre kümmern werden .
Hoverwatch gehört zu den heißesten Android - Tracking - Produkten auf dem Markt und verspricht Ihnen eine nahtlose Tracking - Erfahrung , die es Ihnen ermöglicht , Textnachrichten aufzuzeichnen , Anrufprotokolle aufzuzeichnen und Instant Messaging - Dienste wie Facebook , SnapChat , Telegramm und Instagram zu überwachen .
Unten können
Sie über einige der innovativen Funktionen von Hoverwatch lesen , die das Handy - Tracking zu einem mühelosen und unglaublichen Erlebnis machen .
Hoverwatch Features
Hoverwatch ist vor allem für seine Telefonaufzeichnungsfunktion bekannt , die es den Benutzern ermöglicht , die auf dem Zieltelefon getätigten und empfangenen Anrufe per Fernzugriff aufzuzeichnen , auf die bequem über das Benutzerpanel auf dem Online - Portal von Hoverwatch zugegriffen werden kann .
1. Standortverfolgung – Die App wurde speziell entwickelt , um Daten über den aktuellen Standort des Mobiltelefons zu sammeln , wobei sowohl die GPS - Funktion des Geräts als auch WiFi-Signale in der Nähe des überwachten Geräts verwendet werden .
Diese Daten können
Sie bequem in Form einer detaillierten Karte in Ihrem persönlichen Hoverwatch - Konto abrufen .
2. Telefongespräche aufzeichnen – Hoverwatch verfügt über einen vielseitigen Telefonaufzeichner , der alle eingehenden und ausgehenden Anrufe auf dem Zielgerät protokolliert , detailliert mit Zeitstempel , Dauer des Anrufs , Ort , von dem aus der Anruf getätigt wurde , sowie die Kontaktnummer , die dem Anruf zugeordnet ist .
Sie können sogar die Telefongespräche aufzeichnen , die auf dem überwachten Gerät stattfinden .
3. Nehmen Sie Screenshots auf – Oftmals werden Informationen auf Smartphones in Form von Videos und Bildern im Gegensatz zu Texten angezeigt , und das ist vielleicht nicht einfach zu überwachen , aber mit der Screenshot - Funktion können Sie einen Screenshot von jedem beliebigen Inhalt , der auf dem Smartphone angezeigt wird , aus der Ferne machen , und Sie können diese Screenshots später von Ihrem persönlichen Konto aus betrachten .
4. Zugriff auf Kontakte – Hoverwatch zeichnet nicht nur Anrufdetails auf , sondern sammelt auch Informationen über alle Kontakte auf dem Zielgerät und erleichtert es Ihnen so , die Namen der Personen zu erfahren , die über das Gerät kontaktiert werden , und nicht nur deren Nummern .
5. Erkennen von SIM - Änderungen – Erfahren Sie , wann der Besitzer des Zielgeräts eine SIM - Karte auf dem Mobiltelefon ersetzt , zusammen mit Informationen über die Nummer der neuen SIM - Karte .
Diese Funktion erweist sich als besonders nützlich im Falle eines Diebstahls des Zielgeräts und erleichtert das Auffinden des Geräts , selbst wenn die SIM - Karte gewechselt wird .
6. Mehrere Geräte überwachen – Mit Hoverwatch haben
Sie die Möglichkeit , bis zu 5 Geräte mit einem einzigen Konto zu überwachen .
Die gesammelten Daten können in einem Rutsch aus dem Online - Benutzerpanel abgerufen werden .
Preisgestaltung
Hoverwatch kann in einer Vielzahl von Abonnements verwendet werden , beginnend mit nur 19,95 $ pro Monat für den Personal Plan , der es Ihnen erlaubt , die Informationen auf einem Gerät zu verfolgen .
Wenn Ihre Bedürfnisse intensiver sind , dann können
Sie auch den Familienplan ausprobieren , der es Ihnen ermöglicht , bis zu 5 Geräte gleichzeitig zu überwachen , für eine monatliche Abonnementsrate von 39,95 $ .
Für große Unternehmen ist der Businessplan , der mit einer Abonnementsrate von nur 149,95 $ pro Monat und einer Jahresrate von 499,95 $ beginnt , die beste
Wahl , da er es Ihnen ermöglicht , bis zu 25 Geräte gleichzeitig zu verfolgen .
Darüber hinaus kann Hoverwatch mit einer Vielzahl von Zahlungsoptionen wie Kredit-/ Debitkarte , Banküberweisung und PayPal erworben werden .
4. Highster Mobile
Auf Platz 4 unserer Liste der besten Handy - Spionageanwendungen auf dem Markt haben wir Highster Mobile , das sowohl für Android - als auch für iOS - Geräte erhältlich ist .
Highster Mobile wurde von ILF Mobile Apps , einem Unternehmen für mobile Sicherheit mit Sitz in New York , als umfassende Lösung für die Überwachung von Mobiltelefonen entwickelt .
Im Gegensatz zu vielen anderen Spionageanwendungen auf dem Markt , gibt es keine Notwendigkeit , das Zielgerät zu rooten oder jailbreaken , bevor Sie mit der Installation von Highster Mobile fortfahren .
Die Software bietet eine Menge Wert zu einem der günstigsten Tarife in der Industrie und bietet Ihnen sicher ein gutes Preis - Leistungs - Verhältnis .
Sehen
Sie sich einige der erweiterten Funktionen von Highster Mobile an , um sich ein besseres Bild von der Software zu machen .
Highster Mobile Features
Highster Mobile kommt mit einer Reihe von Features , die Ihnen ein nahtloses Handy - Monitoring garantieren , das durch Highsters unglaubliche Systemsteuerung , das Ihnen den Zugriff auf alle überwachten Daten aus der Ferne ermöglicht , weiter verfeinert wird .
1. Anrufe überwachen – Erhalten Sie Informationen über jeden eingehenden und ausgehenden Anruf auf dem Zielgerät , um zu überwachen , mit wem Sie Ihre Kinder und Mitarbeiter sprechen , wenn Sie nicht da sind .
Die Daten kommen zu Ihrem Online - Konto mit den Kontaktnummern , Datum und Uhrzeit jedes Anrufs .
2. E - Mail tracken – Wenn Sie ein Geschäftsinhaber sind , dann ist diese Funktion in Highster Mobile besonders nützlich , da sie es Ihnen ermöglicht , die von Ihren Mitarbeitern gesendeten und empfangenen E - Mails zu überwachen , da E - Mail ein herkömmliches Kommunikationsmittel am Arbeitsplatz ist , das auch dazu missbraucht werden kann , Betriebsgeheimnisse und geistiges Eigentum weiterzugeben .
3. Social Media Kontrolle – Mit Highster Mobile können Sie aus der Ferne überprüfen , ob Ihre Kinder und Mitarbeiter ihre Zeit auf Social Networking - Websites wie Instagram und Facebook verschwenden .
Allerdings ist zu beachten , dass diese Funktion nur mit einem gerootetem Android - Gerät kompatibel ist .
4. GPS - Ortung – Erhalten Sie mit Hilfe modernster GPS - Technologie Zugriff auf die aktuelle Position des Mobiltelefons , so dass Sie den aktuellen Standort des Zielgeräts jederzeit über das Systemsteuerung abrufen können .
Zusätzlich zum aktuellen Standort haben
Sie über die Kartenfunktion in der Systemsteuerung Zugriff auf den detaillierte Standortverlauf des Zielgeräts .
5. Systemsteuerung – Das Systemsteuerung von Highster Mobile bringt Ihr Tracking - Erlebnis auf die nächste Stufe , da es extrem benutzerfreundlich und hochgradig anpassbar ist , um Ihren individuellen und persönlichen Überwachungsanforderungen gerecht zu werden .
Das Systemsteuerung ermöglicht es Ihnen , Zeittrigger zu erstellen , Anzeigeoptionen zu ändern und eine Reihe von Echtzeit - Spionagefunktionen bereitzustellen .
6. Fern-Deinstallation – Während Sie physischen Zugriff auf das Zielgerät benötigen , um Highster Mobile zu installieren , ist die Deinstallation sehr viel einfacher und kann per Fernzugriff und diskret durchgeführt werden , ohne dass der Besitzer des Geräts jemals wissen muss , dass er überwacht wird .
7. Fotozugriff – Jedes Foto , das mit der Kamera des Zielgeräts angeklickt wird , wird in Ihr persönliches Systemsteuerung hochgeladen , wo Sie diese Fotos bequem ansehen oder auf ein anderes Gerät herunterladen können .
Preis
Im Gegensatz zu den meisten anderen Handy - Spionage - Software auf dem heutigen Markt , muss Highster Mobile für einen begrenzten Zeitraum mit einem Abonnement Plan nicht gekauft werden , sondern kann mit einer einmaligen Zahlung für seine volle Palette von Features gekauft werden .
Sie müssen nicht zu besseren Plänen upgraden , um spezielle Funktionen freizuschalten , und die gesamte Suite kann für nur 69,99 € erworben werden , wobei ein Premium - Support - Paket für zusätzliche 29,99 € erhältlich ist , das Ihnen Live - Support für jede Hilfe , die Sie mit der Software benötigen , bietet .
5 . The TruthSpy
Bei Nummer 5 auf unserer Liste der heißesten Spionagesoftwares für Mobiltelefone haben wir The TruthSpy , die verdeckte und nicht nachweisbare Handy - Überwachungssoftware , die entwickelt wurde , um den Überwachungsbedürfnissen von Eltern , Paaren und Arbeitgebern gerecht zu werden .
Um so unterschiedlichen Zielgruppen gerecht zu werden , verfügt The TruthSpy über eine unglaubliche Bandbreite an Features , die es Ihnen ermöglichen , undercover zu bleiben und aus der Ferne riesige Mengen an Informationen vom Zielgerät zu sammeln , und das alles in Echtzeit .
Die Software ist vor allem für ihre Fähigkeit bekannt , WhatsApp - Nachrichten auf Android - Geräten zu überwachen , ohne dass das Gerät gerootet werden muss .
Hier können
Sie mehr über die unglaublichen Funktionen lesen , die in The TruthSpy ’s Gold Plan angeboten werden .
TruthSpy Features
Der TruthSpy kommt mit mehreren einzigartigen Features , die Ihr Tracking - Erlebnis auf die nächste Ebene bringen werden , direkt von zu Hause aus .
1. Beschränken Sie die Internetnutzung –
In einer einzigartigen und unglaublichen Innovation , The TruthSpy macht es Ihnen leicht , die Internetnutzung Ihrer Kinder und Mitarbeiter einzuschränken , wenn Sie das Gefühl haben , dass sie unangemessene Websites besuchen , oder wenn sie zu viel Zeit auf Social - Networking - Websites verbringen .
2. Erhalten Sie Warnmeldungen – Die Überwachung eines Geräts kann eine zeitaufwändige und oft langweilige Erfahrung sein , aber mit der Warnfunktion von TruthSpy können
Sie jetzt eine Textnachricht erhalten , um zu erfahren , wann immer die Aktivität , die Sie überwachen möchten , auf dem Zieltelefon ausgeführt wird .
Dementsprechend ersparen
Sie sich den Ärger , sich wiederholt in die Systemsteuerung einzuloggen , und können sofort nach Erhalt der Benachrichtigung über die jeweilige Aufgabe mit der Überwachung beginnen .
3. Umgebungsgeräusche aufzeichnen – Schalten Sie das Mikrofon des überwachten Geräts aus der Ferne ein , um zu hören , was um das Gerät herum gesagt oder getan wird .
Darüber hinaus können
Sie sogar den Zeitpunkt festlegen , zu dem Sie das Mikrofon aktivieren und die Umgebungsgeräusche aufnehmen möchten , auf die Sie später über die Systemsteuerung zugreifen können .
4. Überwachen von Anrufen – Mit TruthSpy können
Sie alle ein- und ausgehenden Anrufe auf dem Zielgerät nahtlos überwachen , mit detaillierten Berichten über Datum und Uhrzeit solcher Anrufe sowie Zugriff auf die Audioaufzeichnungen aller Anrufe .
Darüber hinaus verfügt TruthSpy über eine einzigartige Funktion , mit der Sie eine Warnung festlegen können , wenn das Zielgerät einen Anruf von einer bestimmten Nummer erhält , woraufhin Sie eine Benachrichtigung erhalten .
5. Zugriff auf Multimediadateien – Behalten Sie einen Überblick über alle Fotos und Videos , die auf dem Zielgerät gespeichert sind , um sicherzustellen , dass keine vertraulichen Informationen von Mitarbeitern des Unternehmens weitergegeben werden und dass Ihre Kinder nicht auf anstößige Inhalte im Internet zugreifen .
6. Überwachen Sie Instant Messenger – Mit TruthSpy können
Sie alle Nachrichten lesen , die über Instant Messaging - Dienste wie WhatsApp und Facebook gesendet und empfangen werden , zusammen mit detaillierten Zeitstempeln für jede Nachricht .
Darüber hinaus werden
Sie auch alle Fotos , Videos und Audioaufnahmen sehen , die über diese Instant Messaging - Dienste ausgetauscht werden .
Preisgestaltung
Der TruthSpy kann in drei Abonnements erworben werden , beginnend mit dem Standard - Plan , der für nur 21,99 US - Dollar pro Monat erhältlich ist , und bietet Ihnen einige interessante Funktionen , lässt jedoch den Instant Messaging - Zugang , den Multimedia - Zugang und die Möglichkeit , Anrufe auf dem Zielgerät aufzuzeichnen , aus .
Wenn Sie Zugang zu einigen , aber nicht allen , der innovativen Funktionen haben möchten , dann versuchen Sie es mit dem Premium - Abo für $ 25,99 pro Monat .
Wenn
Sie jedoch bereit sind , nur ein wenig mehr auszugeben , erhalten Sie Zugriff auf die gesamte Suite der von TruthSpy bereitgestellten Funktionen für nur $ 31,99 pro Monat .
Alle drei Abonnement - Pläne kommen mit einer 5 - Tage - Geld - zurück - Garantie , die es Ihnen ermöglicht , eine Rückerstattung zu verlangen , wenn Sie mit dem Produkt unzufrieden sind .
Endurteil
Während viele der auf dem Markt erhältlichen Spionageanwendungen eine Reihe von Funktionen bieten , die mit anderen Konkurrenzprodukten vergleichbar sein könnten , erfüllen sie oft nicht die Anforderungen , was die gesamte Überwachungserfahrung verwässert .
In unserer Liste der Top - 5 - Handy - Überwachungssoftwares haben wir objektiv Spionageanwendungen anhand einer Reihe von Parametern bewertet und sind zu dem Schluss gekommen , dass mSpy mit seinen vielfältigen Features und seinem tadellosen Kundensupport zweifellos eine überlegene Benutzererfahrung bietet .
Ähnlich sind Hoverwatch und FlexiSPY auch großartige Optionen zu erschwinglichen Preisen , die die Überwachung zu einem mühelosen Erlebnis machen , komplett mit einfach zu installierenden Paketen , die innovative Features bieten .
Wenn die Abonnement - Pläne jedoch nicht für Ihre Bedürfnisse geeignet sind , dann ist Highster Mobile die perfekte Option für Sie , mit seiner einzigartigen einmaligen Zahlungsoption für die gesamte Palette an Funktionen und Möglichkeiten .
Das letzte Produkt , das es in unsere Liste aufgenommen hat , The TruthSpy , ist eine lukrative Option , wenn Sie nach einigen einzigartigen Funktionen und einem benutzerfreundlichen Systemsteuerung suchen .
Die meisten dieser Anwendungen sind mit kostenlosen Testversionen ausgestattet , so dass Sie sich die Testversionen ansehen können , um festzustellen , welches Produkt für Ihre Anforderungen am besten geeignet ist .
Was Sie vor dem Kauf wissen sollten
1. Sie müssen Zugriff auf das Zieltelefon haben ( das Gerät , das Sie verfolgen möchten ) .
Sie müssen in der Lage sein , die mobile Spionage - Software auf das Gerät herunterzuladen , das Sie verfolgen möchten , und Sie müssen nichts auf Ihrem Telefon oder Computer herunterladen .
2. Stellen Sie sicher , dass die Spy - Software mit Ihrem Betriebssystem kompatibel ist .
Dies sollte für die meisten Geräte kein Problem sein .
Die meisten Software - Unternehmen bieten heute Software , die mit den großen Betriebssystemen kompatibel ist – iOS , Android , Blackberry und Symbian .
Denken
Sie daran , dass ein iOS - Gerät muss jailbroken , bevor die Software installiert werden kann .
3. Das Zieltelefon muss über Internetanschluss verfügen ( 3G , 4G oder WiFi ) .
Die verfolgten Daten werden über das Internet hochgeladen und auf den Servern des Spy - Software - Unternehmens gespeichert , wo Sie über Ihr Control Panel online zugreifen können .
Sie können die Aktivität des Geräts nicht verfolgen , wenn das Zieltelefon keinen Internetzugang hat .
4. Stellen Sie sicher , dass das Unternehmen ein Support - Center hat .
Software - Probleme können und werden wahrscheinlich auftreten , während der Zeit , die Sie mit der Spion - Software verwenden .
Dies liegt an den Geräten , die ihr Betriebssystem aktualisieren , und die Spionage - Software muss aktualisiert werden , um sich anzupassen .
Wenn ein technisches Problem auftritt , müssen Sie den Support kontaktieren .
Stellen
Sie sicher , dass das Unternehmen , das Sie die Software kaufen , ein renommiertes Support - Center hat – vorzugsweise 24/7 Support via Live - Chat oder Telefon .
5. Vorsicht vor Ansprüchen , die zu gut klingen , um wahr zu sein .
Ja , die Betrüger sind in der Handy - Spion - Software - Markt vorhanden , und sie sind bereit , einige sehr fett ( und FALSE ) Ansprüche zu bekommen , um Sie zu kaufen .
Mein bester Ratschlag ist , wenn es entweder zu gut klingt , um wahr zu sein , oder ist ein Feature , das du vorher noch nicht gesehen hast , sei sehr vorsichtig , mit diesem bestimmten Unternehmen umzugehen .
Stick mit meinem Top - Handy Spion Software - Empfehlungen oben , basierend auf meiner Erfahrung , sind diese Unternehmen die „ Creme der Ernte “ , und sie alle arbeiten wie versprochen .
Wie fängt man an
Sie werden zuerst die Software von einem seriösen Unternehmen kaufen .
Nach dem Kauf erhalten
Sie eine E - Mail vom Verkäufer , die Ihre Anmeldeinformationen , Installationsanweisungen , Download - Link und Aktivierungscode enthält .
Als nächstes werden Sie die Software auf das Gerät installieren , das Sie verfolgen möchten .
Die meisten Zellspy - Software ist heute mit allen mobilen Geräteplattformen kompatibel : iOS ( iPhone / iPad ) , Android , Blackberry und Symbian .
Sobald die Software installiert ist , können Sie mit der Verfolgung jeder Aktivität auf dem Telefon von einem Bedienfeld aus starten , auf das Sie von jedem Gerät aus zugreifen können .
Es ist wirklich so einfach .
Besondere Anmerkung : Wenn du die Software auf einem iPhone benutzen willst , musst du zuerst das iPhone jailbreak machen , bevor du es installieren kannst .
Aber wenn du nicht Jailbreak ( oder nicht wollen ) , kannst du die mSpy ohne Jailbreak - Lösung ausprobieren , die dir erlaubt , iOS - Aktivitäten ohne Jailbreak zu überwachen .
Meine letzten Worte über die beste Telefon Spion Software : wählen Sie ein Telefon Spion App können Sie vertrauen
Also , wenn Sie auf der Suche nach einer hochwertigen Handy - Spyware , die die Ergebnisse , die Sie wollen und hat eine 24/7 technische Support - Team , das über Live - Chat erreicht werden kann , dann check out mSpy .
Aber wenn du die Spitze der Linie willst , die leistungsstärkste Handy - Monitoring - Software auf dem Markt , geh mit FlexiSPY ( aber du musst mehr dafür bezahlen ) .
Hoverwatch ist bei weitem das beste VALUE für das Geld , es hat nicht alle erweiterten Funktionen wie FlexiSPY , aber es hat alle Features , die Sie auf dieser Handy - Spion - Software benötigen würde .
Diese 5 Produkte sind entworfen , um Ihnen die Informationen , die Sie benötigen , wenn Sie vermuten , Ihr Kind , Angestellter oder Ehepartner ist bis zu keinem guten und versteckt etwas von Ihnen .
Erfahren
Sie mehr über jeden und machen Sie eine fundierte Kaufentscheidung .
Vielen Dank für den Besuch meiner Website und ich hoffe , Sie finden , was Sie suchen .
Wenn Sie irgendwelche Fragen haben oder Hilfe benötigen , treten Sie mit mir bitte in Verbindung .
Yahoo ’s straight - talking CEO Carol Bartz said Tuesday she prefers Google Maps to Yahoo Maps , and disclosed that she told Steve Ballmer that any future negotiations between Yahoo and Microsoft must remain strictly confidential .
Bartz also said it ’s a “ no brainer ” for Yahoo to consider acquiring “ distressed ” Internet companies whose technologies it can incorporate into its portfolio , given its cash position , and that she instituted a “ wall of shame ” for underperforming Yahoo products .
End-users want a “ wow experience ” from Yahoo services , so that they feel compelled to check Yahoo throughout the day .
“ We want to be their home on the Web , ” she said at the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference in San Francisco , where she answered questions from a financial analyst and from attendees .
“ We owe them a fun , easy experience , that is also non-frustrating , ” she said , criticizing the company for having products that have been neglected and abandoned “ floating like debris in space . ”
Meanwhile , advertisers want creativity from Yahoo , a willingness to experiment and find out what ad services work best , as well as increasingly precise ad targeting , she said at the conference , which was webcast .
Regarding the possibility of new negotiations with Microsoft , Bartz said that a precondition she made clear in a conversation with Ballmer is for the process to be completely private .
When and if negotiations yield any concrete agreements , then announcements will be made , she said , closing the door on any further comments about the topic .
Bartz also expressed confidence that the reorganization
Yahoo unveiled last week will help improve employee morale , because employees in any organization want clear direction and to know that they ’re working for a winning company .
The reorganization , which was designed to simplify the company ’s structure , will make Yahoo nimbler , especially in the ability to make decisions , she said .
After admitting that she uses Google Maps , Bartz said Yahoo Maps is n’t as good as it should be because “ we have n’t paid any attention ” to it .
CFO Blake Jorgensen , who resigned last week but is still on board , added that an online mapping service is very expensive to maintain , and that he does n’t foresee Yahoo pouring significant additional investments into Yahoo Maps in the near future .
A different story is Yahoo Mail , which Bartz considers a core property .
She recently ordered all ads removed from Yahoo Mail in countries where most users connect using low - bandwidth connections .
She ’s open to removing or reducing ads from wherever it ’s determined that they detract or get in the way of the user experience , she said .
This is something that Yahoo has n’t considered doing in years , Jorgensen said .
As she has done repeatedly since being appointed CEO in mid-January , Bartz reiterated her belief that it ’s key for Yahoo to offer its advertisers both display and search ads .
Last year , Yahoo ’s board rejected not only Microsoft ’s attempt to buy the entire company , but also its attempt to acquire Yahoo ’s search advertising business .
A more limited search ad partnership with Google collapsed after the U.S. government made it clear it would challenge it in court over antitrust concerns .
Bartz acknowledged Yahoo has to do a better job of opening up its services so that they will interface seamlessly with popular , non -Yahoo services , which is something that end - users increasingly expect .
To this end , she said she ’s excited about a new redesign of the Yahoo home page still being tested , which offers more integration with third - party services , she said .
“ We need to let people do what they want to do every day , ” she said .
“ Our home page is very old - fashioned , ” she added .
“ Up until 9/11 , it was treated as a law enforcement problem , ” he said .
“ You go find the bad guy , put him on trial , put him in jail .
“ Once you go into a wartime situation and it ’s a strategic threat , then you use all of your assets to go after the enemy .
You go after the state sponsors of terror , places where they ’ve got sanctuary .
You use your intelligence resources , your military resources , your financial resources  everything you can  in order to shut down that terrorist threat against you .
“ When you go back to the law enforcement mode , which I sense is what they ’re doing , closing Guantánamo and so forth , that they are very much giving up that center of attention and focus that ’s required , and that concept of military threat that is essential if you ’re going to successfully defend the nation against further attacks . ”
In what CNN promoted as his first televised interview since leaving office in January , Mr. Cheney touched on a number of other subjects , including the economy , his failure to persuade Mr. Bush to pardon his former aide I. Lewis Libby Jr. and the war in Iraq .
“ We ’ve accomplished nearly everything we set out to do , ” he said about Iraq .
“ Now , I do n’t hear much talk about that , but the fact is , the violence level is down 90 percent .
The number of casualties and Iraqis and Americans is significantly diminished .
There ’s been elections , a constitution .
They ’re about to have another presidential election here in the near future . ”
“ We have succeeded in creating in the heart of the Middle East a democratically governed Iraq , and that is a big deal , ” Mr. Cheney said .
“ And it is , in fact , what we set out to do . ”
Ed Boyden , Ph.D. Y. Eva Tan Professor in Neurotechnology at MIT
Howard Hughes Medical Institute
McGovern Institute
Professor , Departments of Brain and Cognitive Sciences , Media Arts and Sciences , and Biological Engineering
Co-Director , MIT Center for Neurobiological Engineering
Member , MIT Center for Environmental Health Sciences , Computational and Systems Biology Initiative , and Koch Institute
Leader , Synthetic Neurobiology Group
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
77 Massachusetts Ave. , Room 46- 2171C , Cambridge , MA 02139
email - [ email protected ]
phone - ( 617 ) 324-3085
web - http://synthneuro.org
Curriculum vitae / resume
NOTE : The information below describes activities roughly between 1995 and 2007 , and will become increasingly obsolete over time .
For work related to my group at MIT , I will update content on the Synthetic Neurobiology web page .
( CNN ) -- Authorities in the Philippines managed Tuesday to drive back to sea a pod of about 200 dolphins that had swarmed to shallow waters in Manila Bay .
A pod of dolphins swims across the Bohol Sea in January 2005 .
The government was patrolling the beach area to see whether the melon - head dolphins would return , said Malcolm Sarmiento , director of the Philippines ' Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources .
The dolphins were spotted Tuesday morning about a mile offshore near the townships of Pilar and Orion in Bataan province , he said .
Volunteers and rescue workers kept them from beaching and used about 20 boats Tuesday afternoon to push them back toward deeper waters .
" What impressed me most with this situation is that the local fishermen played a major role in preventing the mass group from getting on the beach compared to the past , when they have killed the dolphins for food , " Sarmiento said .
" Through education and cooperation efforts , they worked very hard to push them back into the wild . "
Do n't Miss Planet in Peril
Sarmiento said it was the first time he could remember that so many dolphins entered the bay .
He said authorities were trying to figure out what caused the strange behavior .
The dolphins may have headed toward the bay for two reasons : moving away from an underwater quake , which could have injured their eardrums , or following a sick or wounded leader , Sarmiento said .
CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .
All About Philippines
A new Senate bill that would give government funding to struggling newspapers could result in complete state control of the press , critics say .
Democratic Sen. Benjamin Cardin of Maryland proposed a bill this week that would allow newspapers to operate as tax - exempt nonprofits in order to keep the sinking industry afloat .
The government funding could make participating papers less likely to criticize the administration in power - a problem for a democracy that 's founded on the freedom of the press , those who oppose the bill say .
" It would de - claw participating newspapers , which could n't endorse candidates or freely question the party in power , " Ken McIntyre , a media and public policy fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation , told Fox News .
" Reporters and editors are supposed to be wary skeptics of politicians and bureaucrats on behalf of readers -- not beholden to the government 's favor , " he said .
The new legislation would prohibit the papers from making official endorsements of any political candidates .
This could cause a problem for the outlets ' editorial pages , which frequently make explicit reference to which candidate or cause the paper supports .
Editorial sections are n't mentioned specifically in Cardin 's bill .
" Since the Bill of Rights was passed , the government has never had a voice in the press .
This is a very dangerous provision , " blogger Alan Mutter told Fox .
" It 's very unhealthy , " he said .
Cardin said the bill could be the only option for newspapers who are close to shutting their doors .
" This may not be the optimal choice for some major newspapers or corporate media chains , " said Cardin , " but it should be an option for many newspapers that are struggling to stay afloat . "
No other Senators have voiced public support for the bill .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The prize for oddest book title of 2008 was awarded to “ The 2009 - 2014 World Outlook for 60 - milligram Containers of Fromage Frais , ” thanks to a late surge in popularity , The Bookseller magazine said Friday .
Philip M. Parker ’s “ Fromage Frais , ” which literally means “ fresh cheese ” in French , beat out titles such as “ Baboon Metaphysiscs , ” “ Curbside Consultation of the Colon , ” and “ Strip and Knit with Style ” in the annual competition run by the British magazine .
According to online bookstore Amazon.com , Parker ’s book costs a stunning $ 795 .
The website gives no indication as to what it is about , but it takes up to two months to deliver .
“ I ’m thrilled that the public steered clear of smut ... and turned the supermarket chiller into the Petri dish of literary innovation , ” said Horace Bent , custodian of the prize .
Parker ’s book claimed first place with 32 percent of the 5,034 votes cast on the Bookseller.com , beating out early favorite “ Techniques for Corrosion Monitoring . ”
“ Baboon Metaphysics ” placed second with 22 percent of the vote , while “ Colon ” trailed close behind with 18 percent .
The prize was dreamed up at the Frankfurt Book Fair in 1978 as a way of avoiding boredom .
Past winners have included titles such as “ Bombproof Your Horse ” ( 2004 ) , “ Butterworths Corporate Manslaughter Service ” ( 2001 ) , and “ Reusing Old Graves ” ( 1995 ) .
While upbringing and the environment can modify our behaviour , scientists believe that in extreme cases the gene or lack of it could play a key role in conditions such as autism where the ability to empathise is often non-existent .
By Robert Schlesinger , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
Should President Obama veto the omnibus spending bill that is bursting at the seams with earmarks ?
There are two answers to this question , the perfect world answer and the real world answer .
The president wisely seems to be giving the real world one .
If you have n't been paying attention , Congress is in the process of passing a 1,132 - page spending bill funding a dozen cabinet agencies .
It 's a bit of leftover business from the last congress and the last administration .
It 's got , according to Sen .
John McCain , something like 9,000 earmarks in it .
During the presidential campaign , candidate Obama promised that he would wholly change the budget process in Washington by going line by line through spending bills , picking out the wasteful earmarks , vetoing the bills , and telling Congress to send them back stripped of the pork .
President Obama has echoed that promise ... but just not for this bill .
Since this is old business , he says , let 's just get it through and start fresh next year .
Now Obama more than most candidates has understood the importance of language .
Remember he was the candidate during the campaign who thundered that words matter .
And for the most part he has acted on that understanding , and discussed issues with not only intelligence but nuance — treating his audience as adults , not people whose attention span required that policy statements be confined to bumper stickers .
But there have been a couple of notable exceptions .
One was his rhetoric regarding lobbyists , which set unrealistic expectations — and for which he has rightfully received criticism .
Another such example is his rhetoric surrounding earmarks — for which he has rightfully received criticism , not least from my excellent TJS colleague Mary Kate Cary .
But the fact that he is taking fire on earmarks is no reason that Obama should now change course and pick a fight over this spending bill .
It 's a matter of priorities — spending reform is one item on the huge , ambitious Obama agenda that includes a paradigm - shifting budget , the now - passed stimulus plan , a huge healthcare overhaul ... and so on .
Democratic congressional leaders have already growled at Obama on this issue .
Vetoing the spending bill and demanding that Congress strip out all of its earmarks would become an agenda - consuming fight with ostensible allies .
In practical terms , the importance of earmark reform simply does n't outweigh the cost of the fight .
And I do n't think it would help the president very much with the public either .
Earmark reform is supposed to have broad support in polls ( I have n't actually been able to find any of these polls — if you know of any , please post links in the comments section below ) , but it 's shallow support .
John McCain has a monomania regarding earmarks .
If this was an issue over which voters had any intensity at all , we'd be debating the McCain budget right now with Barack Obama remaining in the Senate .
If Barack Obama were to pick a fight with Congress regarding earmarks , voters would sit agape at why Washington was focusing on such mundane " issues " while the financial system comes crashing down around our ears .
And they'd be right .
So the perfect world answer is that Obama should definitely veto the spending bill , pick the fight with Congress , and stand on the principle upon which he campaigned .
But the real world answer is that he 's got more important issues to deal with and earmark reform can wait until next year .
On Facebook ?
You can keep up with Thomas Jefferson Street blog postings through Facebook 's Networked Blogs .
Mattel Introduces Totally Stylin Tattoo Barbie
Barbie has come a long way since she was first introduced 50 years ago .
With her latest style she is rocking the tattoos .
Yup , that ’s right .
Tattoo Barbie .
The new “ Totally Sylin Tattoos ” Barbie has hit shelves just in time for spring and she ’s already selling out in stores .
Mattel has just released “ Totally Stylin ’ Tattoo Nikki , ” Barbie ’s brunette version .
She comes with a set of tattoo stickers , which can be placed anywhere on her body .
The set also has a tattoo gun that ’s similar to a water gun , so kids can stamp tattoos on her clothes and themselves .
Mattel says the tattoos for kids are temporary and wash off .
This is the second try for Mattel and the ‘ Tattoo Barbie ’ .
They released “ Butterfly Art Barbie ” back in 1999 .
She also came with tattoos for children and had a large butterfly tattoo covering her belly area .
She was pulled from shelves after four months of being on the market do to a large amount of complaints by parents .
Mattel says they have no plans to discontinue the doll saying she gives girls a chance to express themselves and be creative .
Here is the full list of 200 words which the Local Government Association says should not be used by councils : Across - the - piece Actioned Advocate Agencies Ambassador Area based Area focused Autonomous Baseline Beacon Benchmarking Best Practice Blue sky thinking Bottom - Up CAAs Can do culture Capabilities Capacity Capacity building Cascading Cautiously welcome Challenge Champion Citizen empowerment Client Cohesive communities Cohesiveness Collaboration Commissioning Community engagement Compact Conditionality Consensual Contestability Contextual Core developments Core Message Core principles Core Value Coterminosity Coterminous Cross-cutting Cross- fertilisation Customer Democratic legitimacy Democratic mandate Dialogue Direction of travel Distorts spending priorities Double devolution Downstream Early Win Edge - fit Embedded Empowerment Enabler Engagement Engaging users Enhance Evidence Base Exemplar External challenge Facilitate Fast - Track Flex Flexibilities and Freedoms Framework Fulcrum Functionality Funding streams Gateway review Going forward Good practice Governance Guidelines Holistic Holistic governance Horizon scanning Improvement levers Incentivising Income streams Indicators Initiative Innovative capacity Inspectorates Interdepartmental Interface Iteration Joined up Joint working LAAs Level playing field Lever Leverage Localities Lowlights MAAs Mainstreaming Management capacity Meaningful consultation Meaningful dialogue Mechanisms Menu of Options Multi-agency Multidisciplinary Municipalities Network model Normalising Outcomes Outcomes Output Outsourced Overarching Paradigm Parameter Participatory Partnership working Partnerships Pathfinder Peer challenge Performance Network Place shaping Pooled budgets Pooled resources Pooled risk Populace Potentialities Practitioners Predictors of Beaconicity Preventative services Prioritization Priority Proactive Process driven Procure Procurement Promulgate Proportionality Protocol Provider vehicles Quantum Quick hit Quick win Rationalisation Rebaselining Reconfigured Resource allocation Revenue Streams Risk based Robust Scaled - back Scoping Sector wise Seedbed Self - aggrandizement Service users Shared priority Shell developments Signpost Single conversations Single point of contact Situational Slippage Social contracts Social exclusion Spatial Stakeholder Step change Strategic Strategic priorities Streamlined Sub-regional Subsidiarity Sustainable Sustainable communities Symposium ­­ Synergies Systematics Taxonomy Tested for Soundness Thematic Thinking outside of the box Third sector Toolkit Top - down Trajectory Tranche Transactional Transformational Transparency Upstream Upward trend Utilise Value - added Vision ­ Visionary Welcome Wellbeing Worklessness
Send your own examples
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a story that most likely will not see light of day on America MSM , but is currently making news in Canada and around the world .
Baxter , an International pharmaceutical company based in America , has just been caught mixing live Avian Flu virus ( H5N1 ) with common flu virus , in a flu vaccine .
Baxter International ’s research facility in Orth - Donau Austria was the facility that shipped the contaminated flu vaccine to other facilities in the Czech Republic , Slovenia and Germany .
The incident was discovered by a technician in a facility in the Czech Republic , who injected ferrets with the vaccine as a normal test procedure .
The ferrets died .
Let that sink in .
If not discovered by a mid-level technician , many of the people immunized with the Baxter vaccine might have been infected with avian flu , which can be deadly .
But it ’s worse than that .
H5N1 is not easily transmissible between people .
However , the common flu virus that it was mixed with does easily infect people .
The real danger in this incident is that the two viruses could have mixed genetic material and mutated when injected into tens of thousands of people , and could have created a hybrid virus that was both deadly , and transmissible .
Now , will Baxter be investigated ?
They just got caught releasing a Level - 3 Bio-Hazard with a potential to sicken and even kill people .
It 's being covered by the Canadian and European press and yet we 're not hearing a word about this here .
The optimum word in that last sentence being “ we ” .
No one else is going to save us .
Oh , there will be those that step forward to take the first volleys , but the real heroes will be those that stand - up behind them and pick - up the mantle .
There have been many already , their names known and unknown .
Their sacrifice not unnoticed nor in vain .
For right now , that hero is one mid-level technician that simply did his job , and by doing such , saved lives , and may have bought us some time .
http://www.prisonplanet.com/accidental-contamination-of-vaccine-with-live-avian-flu-virus-virtually-impossible.html
http://www.torontosun.com/news/canada/2009/02/27/8560781.html
http://www.911blogger.com/node/19517
11 9 9
Rate
It | View Ratings
Mr M Social Media Pages :
Currently I 'm a cartoonist and contributing writer for The New Orleans Levee .
For those wishing to view my work you can see my latest at : nolevee.com
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Mr Cole allegedly swore at police officers outside a nightclub
Chelsea and England footballer Ashley Cole has been arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly .
Mr Cole was held after swearing at police officers outside west London 's The Collection bar and restaurant , BBC crime reporter Ben Ando said .
Police said a 28 - year - old man was held in Brompton Road , South Kensington , at about 0215 GMT .
He was taken to a police station and given an £ 80 fixed penalty notice and released at about 0530 GMT on Thursday .
No further action will be taken , a Metropolitan Police spokesman said .
Our correspondent said : " Mr Cole was held after swearing repeatedly at police and refusing to calm down after emerging from The Collection in South Kensington at around 2 am . "
The premises are about 1.3 miles ( 2 km ) from Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge stadium .
Manager Burim Maraj said Mr Cole had been out drinking with Chelsea and England captain John Terry and other Chelsea team - mates .
He said the footballer was " rude " to police after getting frustrated by waiting paparazzi .
The incident took place outside The Collection bar and restaurant
A spokesman for Chelsea FC said : " We are aware that Ashley was detained last night .
We will want to establish all the facts before commenting . "
Prior to his arrest , Mr Cole had joined Chelsea 's first team squad and more than 300 charity workers , celebrities and supporters at a fundraising event for two children 's charities .
His wife Cheryl , singer with Girls Aloud , is currently climbing Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa for Comic Relief .
Stop picking your backside , you disgusting little pauper ; you vile , impoverished speck with your moth - eaten trousers and your brittle , worn - out hair ; stop floundering in your own muck for a moment to gawp in humble , awed astonishment at me and my jet - set lifestyle .
Last week , I spent the evening at a glittering Bafta awards ceremony in London 's glamorous West End .
On the face of it , this sounds like precisely the sort of thing your average Heat reader would willingly slice a thumb off ( then fry it and eat it ) to attend .
Except it was n't honouring movies or soaps or the Top 100 Baked Bean - Coloured Wags or anything like that .
It was celebrating the videogames industry .
At which point , your average Heat reader probably shrugs and turns the page .
It might as well be celebrating the UK 's foremost curtain rod manufacturers , for all they care .
The glitzy lifestyle mags do n't cover the games industry , because there are n't any identifiable personalities to shake a narrative stick at .
Sonic the Hedgehog and Lara Croft are never going to go through heartbreak hell together .
The Tetris blocks do n't get drunk and punch photographers .
The most compelling character in any videogame is you , the player .
And apart from you , who ultimately gives a toss about you anyway ?
Even God does n't care .
That 's why he gave you that nose .
The resulting lack of mainstream coverage means that , despite being about 10,000 times more successful than the British film and TV industries combined , the British videogames industry continually balances a pathological inferiority complex with a wounded sense of pride .
Quite why it still wants validation from these older , fading forms of media is a mystery .
It 's like a powerful young warrior disgruntled at being ignored by an elderly and irrelevant dying king .
Anyway , outperforming other media is one thing .
Widespread affection from the populace is another .
And the majority of videogames are still off - puttingly abstruse as far as the average schmoe is concerned .
As a lifelong nerd , I often forget this myself , and will excitingly hand over a gamepad to a greenhorn visitor , encouraging them to " have a quick go " on some new release with the promise that it's " easy " and " intuitive " , only to spend the next half - hour trying to explain that " you have to press X to open the door ... press X ... that 's the blue button with an X on it ... no , you can't climb that tree in the background , it 's just a bit of decoration - look , you just can't , so stop trying - oh ... you 've accessed the inventory now ... the inventory , that 's what you 're carrying ... no , you 've gone back to the menu now ... oh for Christ 's sake , just give it here .
Just get out and leave me alone ... "
But things are changing .
The biggest growth area in videogames right now is the " casual gaming " market .
For " casual " , read " mainstream " .
Effectively , this means games the average human being can relate to : anyone who 's lived in a house can grasp what The Sims is , for instance ; anyone who 's played tennis knows how to swing a Nintendo Wii remote .
Grand Theft Auto might not look like a casual game , but it certainly appeals to a wide demographic , namely anyone who 's ever fantasised about going berserk in a city ( ie 98 % of the population ) .
There are a million similar fantasies people experience on a daily basis that the games industry is yet to exploit .
If it really wants to appeal to the population as a whole , I 'd suggest some of the following :
Magic Agreement Party
This is simply a game in which you sit at a dinner party table espousing your viewpoints on any subject under the sun , while everyone else slowly comes to agree with everything you 're saying .
Actually , this gives me an idea for an even better game , which is ...
Super Squabble Champ IV
This game consists of nothing but petty relationship squabbles in which your character is endowed with the mystical ability to zip back in time and record footage of your partner being a massive bloody hypocrite , then zoom back into the present to play it all back on a giant screen in front of their eyes until they quiver and break down and confess that you were 100 % right all along .
Then you get a million points and it plays a little song .
Boundless Libertine Plus Sims - style title in which you build a character that looks exactly like you , living in a house that looks exactly like your own , with a job exactly like yours - basically every detail is as close to your life as possible , except one : there are absolutely no consequences for your actions .
So you can walk into the office and have sex with nine co-workers , then go home and eat doughnuts for 200 days without putting on any weight .
You can even stamp up and down on your dog's head if you like , and it wo n't so much as bruise .
The day this game comes out is the day the phenomenon of workplace massacres ceases for ever .
Peter Sissons ' Tetris I 've included this for my own amusement .
It 's basically just Tetris , but as played through the eyes and mind of Peter Sissons as he sits in his dressing room at BBC News 24 waiting to go on - air .
It 's precisely the same as usual , except occasionally you hear him clearing his throat , or someone saying " need you in the studio in 10 , Peter " through an earpiece .
And when you clear 100 lines , the viewpoint changes and he stands up in front of the mirror , drops his pants and shows you his bum .
You get the picture .
The list could go on .
Enough space operas and chainmail .
We want more down - to - earth fantasies , and we want them now .
This week like every other comics geek in the nation Charlie saw Watchmen : " Fun as a massive great spectacle , but it surely can't make any sense whatsoever to anyone who has n't read the comic ; it was a bit like watching an impressive animated version of a collection of snatched memories of what the comic was like , if you see what I mean . "
Can you tell me what the best moment other than staying in the Mexico Hotel watching the sexy Dallys Ferreira playing around you only wearing thong .
The far - right Dutch MP Geert Wilders is planning a follow - up of his provocative anti-Koran film , Fitna .
The outspoken , peroxide - blond leader of the opposition Freedom Party , who has labelled the Koran " fascist " , says the new film will deal with the growing Islamisation of Western countries .
" Our doors are wide open to mass immigration from Muslim countries and I want to show the consequences of this , " Mr Wilders told the newspaper De Telegraaf .
The film would tackle freedom of speech and Sharia .
" And I will offer solutions , " he said .
Fitna , a 17 - minute video that juxtaposes the turning pages of the Koran with images of terrorist attacks , was released on the internet last year after months of speculation over its content .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Fearing attacks on his country , the Dutch Prime Minister , Jan Peter Balkenende , had even called for it to be censored though the public response was in the end milder than expected .
Dutch Muslim organisations condemned the film but it did not spark violence , despite a final scene showing a hand tearing up a page of the Koran ( Mr Wilders later said the sound for the scene had been taken from the tearing up of a telephone directory ) .
However , the National Counter - Terrorism Coordination Services said yesterday that they had " taken note " of the new announcement and would monitor the security situation .
Never one to duck the limelight , Mr Wilders is facing prosecution in the Netherlands for his anti-Islam remarks despite insisting that he has never sought to offend Muslims .
" Unfortunately , there are only a few leaders who are standing up and saying our freedom of speech principles are more important than appeasing Islam " he told Reuters .
Opinion polls show that his Freedom Party would win a general election now .
He has also capitalised on the gloomy mood in the Netherlands over the recession and stormed out of a parliamentary debate on tackling the economic crisis , complaining that the government had struck a deal behind closed doors .
The question of whether or not we ought to have draconian laws prohibiting drunk driving in this country hinges on another critical , yet all - too - often neglected question :
Do drunk - driving laws actually reduce the incidence of drunk driving and thus make our roads and highways safer ?
If we answer this question in the affirmative , and determine to our satisfaction that drunk - driving laws do actually reduce drunk driving and make our roads safer , then we might be justified in thinking that the laws are useful and protect the public .
If , on the other hand , we determine that drunk - driving laws do not actually reduce the incidence of drunk driving or make our roads safer , then we would do well to ask ourselves whether we need these laws at all .
What would be the use , after all , of fining , imprisoning and terrorizing American drivers , if this ruthless police action does not have the effect of making our roads safer places ?
It is my contention in this article that drunk - driving laws do not actually reduce the incidence of drunk driving .
Hence , it is absolutely absurd for the state to waste billions of dollars each year hunting down drunk - drivers , trying them in courts , fining them astronomical amounts of money , and incarcerating them , when the state could effectively make America ’s roads and highways just as safe by loosening up state licensing laws for taxi cabs and limousines .
In order for me to be able to make my case , I must first make some initial observations about drunk driving .
First , it is important to note that when a man gets behind the wheel of an automobile while drunk he is taking a risk .
His decision to drive drunk might result in him getting into a gruesome accident that takes his own life , the life of another driver , or other persons adjacent to him , or an accident that injures or seriously maims himself or other people .
Should any of these scenarios actually occur , the drunk driver faces serious penalties — he could die in the accident , become permanently crippled or disfigured , or face charges for vehicular assault or murder if he hurts other people .
These potential penalties for drunk driving exist even in the absence of stiff drunk - driving laws enacted by the state .
In other words , even if there were no laws prohibiting drunk driving in this country , people who chose to drive drunk , and caused serious injury to others , would still face serious legal consequences for their actions — in addition to the possible injuries and death that they might cause themselves .
The case for ruthless laws punishing drunk driving rests on the assumption that these inherent and omnipresent penalties for drunk driving , ( like death , disfigurement or a life sentence in prison ) , will not act as an effective deterrent .
Drunk drivers , it is held , will discount the possibility of getting into a fiery crash that will kill them or send them to prison , ( because of their " impaired judgment , " to use the preferred nomenclature ) , which means that the state must step in and create additional penalties for drunk driving that will discourage the act even further .
The state , then , swoops in with harsh penalties for driving while drunk or alcohol impaired , in the hope , ( it is claimed , at least ) , of making our roads and highways safer by reducing the number of impaired drivers on the road .
( I should note in passing that the state ’s claims to be trying to make our roads safer by outlawing and persecuting drunk drivers should be taken with a grain of salt , to say the least .
Approximately 1 million Americans are killed every 25 years on America ’s socialized road system , and the state has done virtually nothing in the way of reforming these death traps — besides focusing its attention on drunk drivers .
The socialist planners of America ’s roads apparently only care if drunk drivers kill people , and do n’t care a whit if drivers are killed through their own negligence , mismanagement and typical socialistic incompetence [ PDF ] . )
It all sounds so reasonable : because of their " impaired judgment , " drunk drivers discount the danger of dying or hurting other people , so the state must implement harsh laws that discourage drunk driving even more .
The problem with this idea , however , is that the state ’s penalties for drunk driving are extremely lenient when compared to what could possibly occur as a natural consequence of drunk driving — like , death , disfigurement or a lifetime in prison .
As such , it is naïve at best to think that the state ’s relatively mild form of punishment could possibly dissuade a man from driving drunk , when not even the risk of death was able to discourage him from doing so .
In other words , what the state and other logic - eschewing groups would like for us to believe is the following :
When a man is drunk , his " impaired judgment " makes him discount the possibility of getting into a horrible accident that might kill or injure him or someone else .
As a result of discounting this risk , he is likely to go ahead and drive drunk anyway .
This same drunken man , who thinks he can cheat death on the highway , will suddenly see the light , shut off his engine , and walk home if the state merely threatens him with a stint in jail if he drives .
If we look at these propositions without letting emotion cloud our judgment , is it not obvious that if a man thinks he can drive home and avoid killing himself or hurting other people ( because of his " impaired judgment " ) , he is likely to think the very same thing about avoiding the relatively mild punishments of the police ?
What could possibly make us think that threatening a man with a lighter punishment than could result as a natural consequence of his actions will dissuade him from doing something , when the threat of the more severe natural punishments does not ?
Is this not similar to what occurs when the police attempt to deter " base jumping " in national parks by threatening to fine those who jump ?
If a man thinks he can avoid the natural and severe potential punishment of jumping off a cliff , ( i.e. , squashing himself on the rocks thousands of feet below ) , what could possibly make us think that the threat of a $ 500 fine will stop him ?
My argument can be summed up with the following proposition :
If a man is intoxicated to the extent that he is a danger to himself and other drivers , and he believes that he is capable of avoiding killing himself or injuring others on the road , then he is just as likely to believe that he can avoid getting caught by the police .
It is true , I will concede , that the state ’s drunk - driving laws probably do dissuade a few people from driving with alcohol in their veins .
Some people probably are dissuaded from driving home from a restaurant after consuming two or three glasses of wine , and some college students probably designate a driver so that they do not all have to drive home from the party drunk .
Big deal .
Dissuading these people from driving while drunk could be accomplished just as effectively and without creating a police state by eliminating all licensing laws on taxi cabs and limousines in the United States , which would drastically reduce the cost and increase the supply of sober transportation for Americans .
If taxis and limousines were as cheap in the United States as they are in Mexico , for example , do you really think that Americans would choose to drive while intoxicated in the same numbers as they presently do ?
If mom and dad could take a cheap taxi to the restaurant and both drink three or four glasses of wine , and make it home safely , do n’t you think that they would choose to do so ?
Would n’t they prefer this to having mom sit through another dinner sans vin as the " designated driver , " while dad inhales whiskey sours ?
And do n’t you think college students would prefer to catch a ride to the party safely in a cheap limousine — with a bar inside — than for all of them to drive separately and dangerously after drinking ?
Finally , do n’t you think that the serious alcoholic would prefer to catch a cheap and safe ride to his local tavern and back home safely , rather than waking up in county jail ?
That he does n’t do so already has something to do with the fact that to catch a ride in a taxi will likely cost him more than his bar tab will .
There is thus no need to waste billions of dollars hunting down people who have had a few glasses of wine with dinner , trying them in court , and then sentencing them to jail — especially when these laws will have no effect on those people who are truly dangerously intoxicated and who believe that they can both drive home safely and avoid getting caught by the police .
As usual , the source of a serious social ill lies in the state ’s own laws and regulations , and the solution lies in the realm of the free - market .
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
But when their closing date arrived last September , several banks told them that to get a mortgage , they would have to increase their 10 percent down payment by another 15 to 25 percentage points .
With no way to come up with that much money , the Phams notified the developer , Toll Brothers , that they could not get financing for the apartment .
Toll Brothers declared them in default and kept their deposit .
“ It would take us another 15 years to save that money again , ” Ms. Pham said .
The Phams , who have two children , a 4 - month - old and a 2 ½- year - old , live in a two - bedroom in Hoboken that is smaller than the one they had hoped to move into in Maxwell Place .
But they borrowed on their equity there to help put together the deposit on the new apartment .
The rest of the deposit came from Mr. Pham ’s work as a real estate agent , income that has all but dried up in the current market .
“ If we tried to sell our apartment , we would n’t make enough to cover the cost of selling it , so we ’re really stuck , ” said Ms. Pham , who works as a benefits manager at a professional services firm .
Ms. Pham said that the developer “ made no attempt to work with us ; they would n’t even return my phone calls . ”
She added that the sales manager had declined their offer to help find another buyer for the apartment and had told Ms. Pham that “ not getting our deposit back was just business . ”
A spokeswoman for Toll Brothers declined to comment because the Phams have filed a lawsuit to try to get their money back .
Brokers and developers say that every new development probably has a handful of buyers who are facing this difficulty .
( The Web site Streeteasy.com lists 460 new developments with active sales listings in Manhattan and 438 in Brooklyn . )
A New Wind A - Blowin ' for Medical Marijuana ?
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder told reporters Wednesday that federal law - enforcement officials will no longer go after providers of marijuana that 's used for medicinal purposes in the 13 states in which medical marijuana is legal unless that service is just a front for unlawful activities .
That announcement will no doubt be welcomed by those who advocate for pot 's use in providing relief to people suffering from such diseases as cancer , AIDS and multiple sclerosis .
My state does n't happen to be one of those that sanctions medical marijuana .
But as a person with MS , I got to wondering whether pot would be worth my seeking out -- if it were legally available , that is .
Turns out the case for medical marijuana 's alleviating MS symptoms is not clear - cut .
The National MS Society notes that , while marijuana may help reduce spasticity and control pain in people with MS , it may also have negative effects , on balance , for instance .
Moreover , the MS Society points out that it's hard to conduct a legitimate clinical trial testing marijuana 's safety and efficacy because trial participants always know whether they 've been given pot or placebo :
People tend to notice when they 've smoked something that makes them high , the society says , and that knowledge skews results .
I do n't begrudge anyone their use of medical marijuana if their state says it 's okay .
But for my part , I 'd just as soon have society shift its focus toward , say , making my mainstream MS drug more affordable .
If I did n't have insurance I 'd be paying more than $ 30,000 a year for my daily injections .
That would sure buy a lot of pot .
If buying pot were legal , that is .
You Tube
From The McLaughlin Group March 27 , 2009 .
McLaughlin : Question .
Are these bailouts sufficient to restore the economy I ask you Monica ?
Crowley :
No because you put out a consecutive list of companies , institutions , sectors that have required some money over the last couple of months .
In just about every single one of those cases there was a redundancy there .
AIG coming back .
The auto industry coming back .
What we have poured into all of these sectors has not nearly been enough and it will not be enough .
This is like spitting into the ocean .
It 's not going to be enough to restore the economy and if we keep going down the path of having the government jackboot on the private sector , the private sector which will be the engine of this growth ( crosstalk ) .
Clift :
The government jackboot on the private sector ... uh the private sector had its jackboots on American taxpayers for a good long while and we had companies like AIG basically operating like a hedge fund selling a little insurance on the side .
And it is totally appropriate that we now try to get a handle on the new financial world that is ... it's a titanic struggle between the Treasury Department and the financial community and who 's going to run the economy .
It evolves into one of the typical shout fests The McLaughlin Group is known for .
All but John McLaughlin and Monica Crowley on the panel agree that there needs to be some government regulation over these investment companies and hedge funds .
McLaughlin and Crowley both think the free market should rule at all times .
Circumstances be damned and let the buyer beware .
Crowley also said that the FDIC did n't do its job .
Later in the show Eleanor Clift pointed out the flaw in that argument , as in they did n't have jurisdiction or they may have come in already and seized some of these companies .
Somehow I doubt that will stop Crowley from repeating the line the next time she 's on Fox News .
Welcome To BMW of Bridgeport
Locally owned & operated
There ’s a reason why BMW of Bridgeport is a premier new and used BMW dealer for Bridgeport , CT .
It ’s because we provide quality automobiles at prices our customers can afford .
Our knowledgeable staff will answer your questions , help you find the right new car , and can assist with financing .
So if you ’re looking for a new or pre-owned BMW car in Fairfield County and New Haven County , Connecticut , stop into BMW of Bridgeport , we ’ll get you into the car of your dreams !
Have questions to ask first ?
Give us a call .
At BMW of Bridgeport you will find your favorite BMW models at competitive prices .
Take a test drive at our greater Bridgeport , CT , BMW dealership in the new 2018 BMW 540i , 320i , 430i , X5 , X1 and more .
The BMW of Bridgeport sales people are ready to answer your questions about a particular model and find the BMW of Bridgeport that meets all of your expectations .
Be on the lookout for more information regarding this model as the year goes on !
For a large selection of new and used BMW cars in Bridgeport , visit our dealership today .
The same reasons drivers in choose BMW of Bridgeport when they ’re in the market for a new BMW holds true for consumers in the market for a used car or SUV .
That ’s right .
Our fun - to - drive , feature - packed pre-owned vehicles promise sustained peak performance .
For what may be the first time ever , you ’ll be overwhelmed by a used - car lot .
That is , of course , unless you ’ve already been here .
A wise man once said that anyone acquainted with Ireland knows that the morning of St. Patrick ’s Day consists of the night of the 17th of March flavored strongly with the morning of the 18th .
So yeah , one can infer there ’s definitely some drinking going on .
But the real question is , what do you drink ?
One option is the typical green beer .
Or maybe a pint of Guinness or some other Irish Beers will do .
But you can be a bit more adventurous and try one of these cocktails or shooters to toast to the Irish :
Emerald Isle
Go green with your martini , just hold the vermouth and replace it with some crème de menthe .
You ’ll have the Irish spirit in no time .
While aromatic bitters are customary , mint bitters are an equally nice compliment .
Ingredients :
1 oz gin
1 tsp green crème de menthe
2 quick dashes of bitters
1 mint leave
Everybody ’s Irish
Everybody * is* Irish , at least on St. Patrick ’s Day .
Pour the irish whiskey , crème de menthe , and Chartreuse with ice cubes and blend to get this very green cocktail .
If an olive is n’t your thing , use a fresh sprig of mint instead .
Ingredients :
2 oz Irish whiskey
1 oz green crème de menthe
1 oz green Chartreuse
cocktail olive for garnish
Irish Car Bomb
A true classic , this list is incomplete without the infamous drink .
Even though it ’s not exactly one of the few cocktails enjoyed back in the homeland .
Fill a shot glass with Irish creme and Jameson , drop it into the Guinness , and slam the drink down .
Ingredients :
3/4 pint Guinness Stout
1/2 shot Irish Creme
1/2 shot Jameson Irish whiskey
The Dancing Leprechaun
On St. Patrick ’s Day anything Irish goes , especially Irish Whiskey mixtures .
To make the leprechaun dance , combine all the listed ingredients in a shaker with ice , then strain into a highball glass with ice cubes .
Finally , add garnish with a twist of lemon .
Ingredients :
1 1/2 oz Irish whiskey
3/4 oz Drambuie
3/4 oz lemon juice
Ginger Ale
Twist of Lemon peel
The Midori June Bug
This delicious concoction is made by blending all ingredients in a shaker and pouring over ice .
It may be a bit girly for some , but at least its green and it ’s a bit different than the norm .
Ingredients :
1 oz Midori® melon liqueur
3/4 oz coconut rum
3/4 oz banana liqueur
1 oz sweet and sour mix
1 oz pineapple juice
Dublin Handshake
St. Patrick ’s
Day is about fun and drunken friendship , so why not give peace a chance ?
Trade in that Irish Car Bomb for a Dublin Handshake , another Irish favorite .
Just combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice , shake well , and strain in to a rocks glass with ice .
Ingredients :
1/2 oz Baileys Irish cream
1/2 oz Irish whiskey
3/4 oz Sloe gin
Nutty Irishman
While a true Irishman rarely forgoes the comforts of whiskey and beer , an exception can be made for Baileys .
In shooter form , mix half shots of Baileys Irish Cream and Frangelico .
Or instead mix one ounce of each of the liqueurs and enjoy it on the rocks .
Either is perfect for any day of the year .
A St. Patrick ’s Day variation adds a shot of green Crème de Menthe for green color and a minty taste .
Ingredients :
1/2 shot Baileys Irish Cream
1/2 shot Frangelico Hazelnut Liqueur
Irish Dream
May you live as long as you want and never want as long as you live .
Blend all the listed ingredients with ice until smooth , and serve in a frosted pilsner glass .
Optional topping of whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles .
Ingredients :
1/2 oz Irish Cream
1/2 oz Hazelnut Liqueur
3/4 oz Brown Creme de Cacao
1 scoop Vanilla Ice Cream
Irish Cactus
Love St. Patrick ’s
Day but still want a touch of tequila ?
The Irish Cactus brings a taste from south of the border by mixing tequila and Irish cream liqueur .
It is simple to make and is served on the rocks .
Ingredients :
2 oz Irish cream liqueur
1 oz tequila
Irish Trashcan Punch
It ’s not really Irish , but it is green and it will kick your you know what .
Simply mix all the ingredients together in a big punch bowl ( or trash can if you so choose ) and serve .
Ingredients :
2 big jugs of green Hawaiian Punch
1L vodka
1L Everclear
Irish Trash Can
The above drink is not to be confused with this one .
Fill a Collins glass full of ice , then add all liquors and stir .
Finally , add a full can of Red Bull on top ( as pictured to the right ) .
The Red Bull will float at first , then slowly go down .
Watch as your drink slowly turns green .
Ingredients :
1/2 oz gin
1/2 oz light rum
1/2 oz vodka
1/2 oz peach schnapps
1/2 oz Blue Curacao liqueur
1/2 oz triple sec
1 can Red Bull® energy drink
Irish Eyes
If you ’ve developed a crème de menthe habit from all the green - tinted pomp of this holiday , just add Irish whiskey , heavy cream , and ice to it for this creamy lowball that is similar to a White Russian .
Great for the song “ When Irish Eyes Are Smiling ” .
Garnish with a maraschino cherry .
Ingredients :
1 oz Irish whiskey
1/4 oz green crème de menthe
2 oz cream
maraschino cherry
Irish Flag
Nothing says St. Paddy ’s day than actually drinking the Irish Flag .
First , pour the crème de menthe into a glass .
Next , slowly pour the Bailey ’s Irish cream over the back of a spoon so that it floats on top of the Creme de Menthe .
Finally , slowly pour the Grand Marnier over the back of the spoon so that it floats on top of the Bailey ’s Irish creme and voilà !
Ingredients :
1/3 oz Bailey ’s Irish Cream ( Bailey ’s )
1/3 oz green crème de menthe
1/3 oz Grand Marnier orange liqueur ( some use Butterscotch Schnapps )
Irish Coffee
Another traditional sipper , complete with a crown of whipped cream if desired .
It is a perfect drink for casual St. Patrick ’s Day parties or as an after dinner beverage following Irish Stew or Shepherd ’s Pie .
Ingredients :
2 1/2 oz strong , hot coffee
1 1/2 oz Irish whiskey
1 tsp brown sugar
1 oz whipping cream ( optional )
Irish Martini
If your mama always told you not to drink on Sunday , she probably was n’t Irish .
Uisce beatha , the Gaelic term for whiskey , literally translates to “ water of life , ” a common euphemism for “ holy water . ”
Take that special ingredient of whiskey and add it to a typical martini , making it an Irish version of an old favorite .
You coat the chilled cocktail glass with the Irish whiskey , then add in the typical vodka martini .
Ingredients :
2 oz vodka
1/2 oz dry vermouth
1/2 oz Irish whiskey
lemon twist for garnish
Shamrock Shaker
Looking for something more ?
This alcoholic beverage combines Kahlua and Amaretto liqueurs with milk .
Shake the mixture vigorously and strain it into a chilled cocktail glass .
The green and gold powder is for decoration .
Ingredients :
1 1/2 oz of Kahlua liqueur
2 1/2 oz of milk
1/2 oz of Amaretto liqueur
edible green and gold powder
Irish Kiss
Of course , it does n’t have to be all about beer .
Korbel California Champagne created its own cocktail , the Irish Kiss .
To start , add two drops of green food coloring to 1/2 cup of sugar and mix well .
Rub a champagne flute rim with lime and dip it in your green sugar mixture .
Fill with champagne and liqueur .
You can use the lime for garnish as well .
Ingredients :
4 oz Korbel California Brut Champagne
1 oz Midori Melon Liqueur
Green food coloring
1/2 cup of sugar
Irish Gold
Often when we think of St. Patrick ’s
Day we want all things to be green , but let ’s not forget the importance of gold at the end of the rainbow .
Combine the the whiskey , schnapps , and juice in a Collins glass filled with ice and top with ginger ale .
Add a lime for garnish .
Ingredients :
2 oz Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey
2 oz ginger ale
1 oz peach schnapps
splash of orange juice
lime wheel
Absinthe B - 55
That ’s right I ’m bringing Absinthe into the mix .
Did you know the United States unbanned at least some Green Fairy products ?
And it ’s the right color for St. Paddy ’s Day .
Layer these shots in a whiskey glass .
Caution , sip slowly or you may end up licking the floor !
Ingredients :
1 shot Absinthe
1 shot coffee liqueur
1 shot Bailey ’s Irish Cream
Irish Black Russian
The Black Russian is the White Russian ’s dangerous older brother .
While the latter drink was made forever hip by its prominent role in the Coen brothers ’ slacker odyssey The Big Lebowski , the Black Russian carries no such hipster culture baggage .
The Irish takes that older brother and adds a twist .
To equal parts Kahlua and vodka , add cola and a float top with Guinness to add a head to the drink .
Ingredients :
1 shot vodka
1 shot Kahlua coffee liqueur
1 squirt Coca - Cola
fill with Guinness stout
Irish Depth Charge
May you be in heaven a full half hour before the devil knows you ’re dead .
For one more killer drink , try the depth charge , Irish style .
Pour a double shot of vodka into a shot glass and press firmly to the bottom of a pint glass .
Fill the bottom with Bass Ale , and careful fill the top with Guinness , creating a Black and Tan .
Remove the double shot glass from the drink and have at it .
Ingredients :
2 oz vodka
6 oz Guinness stout
6 oz Bass pale ale
And remember , no matter what you drink to say the old Irish toast :
“ Saint Patrick was a gentleman , who through strategy and stealth ,
Drove all the snakes from Ireland , here ’s a toasting to his health .
But not too many toastings , lest you lose yourself and then ,
Forget the good Saint Patrick , and see all those snakes again . ”
For more St. Patrick ’s Day Goodness from Gunaxin , check out :
Just as researchers have found that people tend , with time , to selectively remember the best parts of their vacations ( the swim - up bars and dancing ) and forget the headaches , so crying may also appear cathartic in retrospect .
Memory tidies up the mixed episodes — the times when tears brought more shame than relief , more misery than company .
In a study published in the December issue of The Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology , Dr. Rottenberg , along with Lauren M. Bylsma of the University of South Florida and Ad Vingerhoets of Tilburg University in the Netherlands , asked 5,096 people in 35 countries to detail the circumstances of their most recent crying episode .
About 70 percent said that others ’ reactions to their breakdown were positive , comforting .
But about 16 percent cited nasty or angry reactions that , no surprise , generally made them feel worse .
Given that the most obvious social function of crying is to rally support and sympathy , the emotional impact of the tears depends partly on who is around and what they do .
The study found crying with just one other person present was significantly more likely to produce a cathartic effect than doing so in front of a larger group .
“ Almost all emotions are , at some level , directed at others , so their response is going to be very important , ” said James J. Gross , a psychologist at Stanford .
Image Credit ... Jonathon Rosen
The experience of crying also varies from person to person , and some are more likely than others to find catharsis .
In laboratory studies , psychologists induce crying by showing participants short clips of very sad movie scenes , like from “ The Champ ” or “ Steel Magnolias . ”
Those who break down — typically about 40 percent of women , very few men — then report directly on the experience .
These kinds of studies , though no more than a simulation of lived experience , suggest that people with symptoms of depression and anxiety do not get as worked up , nor recover as fast , as most people do .
In surveys , they are also less likely than most to report psychological benefits from crying .
People who are confused about the sources of their own emotions — a condition that in the extreme is called alexithymia — also tend to report little benefit from a burst of tears , studies have found .
This makes some sense .
One purpose of crying may be to block thinking , to effectively seal off the flood of unanswerable questions that come after any major loss , the better to clarify those that are most important or most practical .
If this psychological system is already clunky , a fire shower of tears is not likely to improve it .
In her book “ Seeing Through Tears : Crying and Attachment , ” Judith Kay Nelson , a therapist and teacher living in Berkeley , Calif. , argues that the experience of crying is rooted in early childhood and people ’s relationship with their primary caregiver , usually a parent .
Those whose parents were attentive , soothing their cries when needed , tend to find that crying also provides them solace as adults .
Those whose parents held back , or became irritated or overly upset by the child ’s crying , often have more difficulty soothing themselves as adults .
LONDON , England --
A severe rabies epidemic has claimed the lives of at least 83 children within three months in Angola 's capital , Luanda , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has said .
Luanda , which has a large population of stray dogs , also has some of the world 's worst slums .
Describing the situation as " very worrying , " WHO rabies expert Francois Meslin told CNN : " This is a huge number and could be the tip of the iceberg . "
A doctor working at the country 's biggest referral hospital Hospital Pediatrico David Bernardino said staff were unable to save any of the children as rabies vaccines had run out .
Some of the children were also brought into the hospital too late to be saved , Luis Bernardino , head of the hospital told UN humanitarian organization IRIN .
He warned that the number of deaths could be much higher .
" The children were brought to our hospital and are the only ones we know of , so the number could be higher , " Bernardino told IRIN .
" It is a sad moment for us , " he added .
" I think it was probably that no one was prepared for such a high case load . "
The number of cases has now started declining , however , said Bernardino .
According to Meslin , this could be because the current infected pack of dogs has died .
Meslin told CNN that the Angolan government needed to embark on a dog rabies control program urgently to prevent further outbreaks .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
Angola 's capital , where most of the population live in slums , has a large number of stray dogs who are said to have caused the epidemic .
" We have had some sporadic cases in other provincial capitals in the country ; we think the virus was brought into Luanda and then spread through the dogs -- Angolans love dogs , " Bernardino said .
" When the first 10 deaths were reported in December 2008 we alerted the authorities , but we do not have veterinary services in the city , no kennels [ to keep and observe the animals ] and vaccinate them , " he added .
Another problem contributing to the crisis is that vaccines are too expensive for the average family .
" One dose of vaccine costs about $ 10 and five of those have to be administered , which makes the total cost of treatment $ 50 which is more than a month 's salary for families in most developing countries , " Meslin added .
In 2008 the WHO wrote that rabies , a disease transmitted from animals with infected saliva to humans , is present on nearly every continent of the world but more that 95 per cent of human deaths occur in Asia and Africa .
It can be prevented by vaccination , either prior to exposure or as part of post - exposure treatment .
But once symptoms of the disease develop , rabies is fatal .
According to the WHO , rabies can affect the lungs , stomach and central nervous systems .
In the critical stage , a victim slips into a coma and death , usually due to breathing failure .
More than 55,000 people die of rabies each year , the WHO wrote , with 30 to 60 per cent of the victims of dog bites being children under the age of 15 .
All About Angola • Rabies
Darren Waters
The idea of lifecasting is not new : Justin.tv was an interesting project which saw a San Franciscan wear a webcam 24/7 and broadcast direct to the net .
It was arguably inspired by MIT's Dr Steve Mann who pioneered Sousveillance , using recording technology worn on the body to reflect the viewpoint of one of the people engaged in surveillance .
But Rob Spence is going further .
He is planning to have a camera embedded in his eye socket in order to become a ' bionic reporter ' .
Speaking at DNA 2009 , he explained he had lost an eye when young and had long thought about camera technology to replace his lost vision .
The camera eye will move in sync with the healthy eye , it will blink and it will be able to transmit footage live .
He explains : " One of the obvious applications is to be a reporter that has access to places other reporters do n't - or access to conversations that normal people do n't . "
He says having direct eye contact will lead to a unique point of view and potentially a new grammar of film - making .
He has developed a prototype and is looking for further funding of $ 50,000 to complete the technical aspects of the eye .
He is currently filming a documentary about the project .
He admits it raises wider issues of privacy .
" The more I tell journalists I am getting a camera in my head , the more journalists ask if it is worse than surveillance society .
" We are sleep walking into a surveillance society and nobody cares .
But if I say I am getting an eye camera people say it is ethically tricky . "
But he says : " I would n't release any footage without a release form . "
His project points to a time when people may replace healthy , working eyes with cameras .
" It seems shocking now , but it will become and more normal . "
He says he expects to have a working prototype in the next month .
" Stay tuned : eyeborg is coming . "
After their experience with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , you 'd think that Congress would no longer be interested in creating companies seen by the market as backed by the government .
Yet that is exactly what the relevant congressional committees -- the Senate Banking Committee and the House Financial Services Committee -- are now considering .
In the wake of the financial crisis , the idea rapidly gaining strength in Washington is to create a systemic risk regulator .
The principal sponsor of the plan is Barney Frank , the chair ...
Girl , 3 , raised by dogs in her home after her alcoholic mother neglected her
A three - year - old girl has been found being cared for by dogs while her alcoholic mother neglected her .
Social workers discovered the girl in her mother 's house in Russia , naked and walking on all fours , gnawing bones with the dogs who she clung to for warmth .
The child , called Madina , only knows two words - yes and no - and growls like a dog when people come too close , Russian media reported .
Neglected : Madina , left , was found naked and crawling on the ground on all fours after being neglected by her alcoholic mother , Anna , right
Madina , from Ufa in central Russia , was shunned by other local children in her neighbourhood .
Her mother , known only as Anna , 23 , had ignored her for most of her life , police said .
Anna ate at the table while allowing her daughter to eat on the floor with the dogs .
The girl 's mother often disappeared and was also frequently too drunk to look after for her child .
' The child is angelic but she has been deprived of love and care , except from the dogs , ' said a social worker .
' When her mother was angry she used to run away , but no child played with her in the playground , ' said one newspaper report .
' She hardly knew a single word , and fought with everyone .
' So dogs became her best friends .
She played with them , and slept with them when it was cold in winter . '
The girl 's father disappeared soon after her birth , which led to Madina 's mother drinking , said neighbours .
She often invited local alcoholics to her house , completely ignoring her little child , they said .
When police arrived to take the child into care , Anna reportedly claimed : ' I do look after my daughter . '
Medics say the girl is mentally and physically healthy despite her ordeal .
To the Editor :
Re “ Dear A.I.G. , I Quit ! ” ( Op - Ed , March 25 ) :
Jake DeSantis , the injured A.I.G. executive vice president who exercised his right of quitting his job with a dramatic e-mail message to his ungrateful boss , still does not get it .
Millions , just as virtuous and hard - working as Mr. DeSantis , did not have the luxury of quitting ; they were fired like dogs .
I am happy that the DeSantis family was not a victim of the A.I.G. malfeasance and has kept its home .
Across America , in scenes worthy of “ The Grapes of Wrath , ” people must squeeze their possessions into their cars or  if they can afford them  into storage units , under the eyes of their children because , unlike Mr. DeSantis , they have also lost their homes .
Michel Dedina
Imperial Beach , Calif. , March 25 , 2009

To the Editor :
Like Jake DeSantis , I come from a solidly working - class background .
I am a professional for whom a 10 - plus - hour day away from my family is not unusual .
Unlike Mr. DeSantis , I earn in the mid-$ 40s .
The $ 742,000 “ retention payment ” Mr. DeSantis received for one year ’s work is more than I have earned in my working life .
I also worked hard during the economic boom .
Somehow , I cannot afford to write a showy resignation like his ; I must keep working .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A man has been bludgeoned to death by a group of Australian motorcycle gang members in full view of dozens of people at Sydney airport .
Witnesses described bikers swinging poles " like swords " at each other 's heads as the brawl spilled over two floors of Sydney 's domestic terminal .
Four suspects have been arrested and the others are said to have fled .
Police believe the fight broke out when one group of bikers coming off a plane was ambushed by a rival gang .
Police did not name any gangs thought to be involved , but Australian media reported that the brawl , on Sunday afternoon , was between the Hell 's Angels and Comancheros gangs .
A 28 - year - old man died in hospital from severe head injuries .
Police said about 15 gang members were involved in the fight , which was witnessed by about 50 people .
' Group of cowards '
Witnesses described how the gang used the metal bollards in the check - in area as weapons .
" They started grabbing the metal poles that break up the check - in area and swinging them almost like swords at each other 's heads , " Naomi Constantine told Australia 's ABC news .
" I saw one of the men lying on the ground and another man came up with a pole and just started smashing it into his head . "
Local police chief Peter Williams called the attack a " disgraceful act perpetrated by a group of cowards " .
" A group of males have exited a plane and they were met by another group of males who we believe may be other motorcycle gang members , " Detective Inspector Williams told reporters .
Censored by the New York Times : The Story Behind a Political Cartoon the Publisher did n’t want you to see
Last January ’s devastation of Gaza compelled me to publish the backstory to my cartoon below .
My news source for the Israeli attacks was not the U.S. media ( who stayed conveniently on the sidelines ) , but disturbing reports from Doctors Without Borders , who remained in Gaza trying to help the Palestinian people .
Here is the backstory to the political cartoon above :
In the summer of 2003 , the world watched as land , water , and dignity were stolen from the Palestinian people — all with the silent complicity of the US media .
To express my growing outrage , I drew this cartoon at my kitchen table in Maine .
After realizing that no newspaper would accept it , I decided to publish the cartoon as an advertisement in the NY Times .
I focused on the quarter - page space in the Op - Ed section reserved for opinion ads .
Contacting the Times , I learned that pro-Israel organizations had reserved the space for 30 of the next 52 Sundays .
I took the first available date .
My cartoon was scheduled to appear on September 21 .
The Times required several changes to the cartoon so that it conformed to the acceptability standards of the newspaper .
These changes were made .
The Times production staff then asked for and was sent the camera - ready copy .
I paid the cost of the ad in full .
On Friday , September 19 I received notification that the cartoon ’s publication was cancelled by order of the Times ’ publisher .
I recall simply shaking my head at the news – wryly noting that this action by the Times was validating the very point of the cartoon .
I next submitted the cartoon to USAToday , where it was accepted .
The morning that the cartoon appeared , I received a call at 8:45 am from a USAToday vice president .
He said that in all his years at the paper , he had never had a response like what was happening as a result of the cartoon ’s publication .
Apparently , American pro-Israel groups are geared up for such “ emergencies ” and inundated USAToday offices nationwide with telephone calls and emails .
But of course it was too late .
Two postscripts :
1 . I received more hate mail / threats than I did accolades .
2 . A year later , senior management at USAToday had been replaced .
A Jewish human rights group has denounced a political cartoon as anti-Semitic , comparing it to Nazi imagery of the 1930s that led up to the Holocaust .
The syndicated cartoon published by Pat Oliphant yesterday in newspapers across the US depicts a goose - stepping uniformed figure wheeling a fanged Star of David that menaces a small female figure labelled " Gaza . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Los Angeles - based Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish rights group with more than 400,000 members in the United States , said the cartoon is meant to denigrate and demonise Israel .
" The imagery in this cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras , " Wiesenthal Center officials said in a statement .
" It is cartoons like this that inspired millions of people to hate in the 1930s and help set the stage for the Nazi genocide . "
The centre called on the New York Times and other online outlets to remove the cartoon from their websites .
A New York Times spokeswoman did n't immediately respond to a phone or e-mail message left after office hours .
Universal Press Syndicate , which distributes Oliphant 's cartoons , did not immediately return messages left late last night .
Oliphant , who won a Pulitzer Prize in 1967 , is considered one of the most widely syndicated editorial cartoonists in the world .
His work has been syndicated internationally since 1965 , and by Universal since 1980 .
His work is on permanent display at the Library of Congress .
His latest cartoon alludes to Israel 's aggression on the Gaza Strip , where its troops launched an offensive in December to halt rocket fire and weaken the territory 's Hamas rulers .
More than 1,400 Palestinians , including more than 900 civilians , were killed , according to a Palestinian human rights group .
On its website , Universal declares that " no one is safe from the acid brush of Pat Oliphant . "
Oliphant has courted controversy before .
In 2001 and 2007 , the Asian American Journalists Association objected to what they called offensive racial caricatures in cartoons about trade with China and concerns about international food safety .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In 2005 , the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee criticized one of his cartoons , saying it drew on false stereotypes and reinforced negative views of Arabs .
A native of Australia , Oliphant came to the US in 1964 to work for The Denver Post .
Citigroup Stock Sinks to $ 1 Per Share
Shares of troubled Citigroup have been sinking steadily for months , but today they crossed a symbolic barrier : they fell below $ 1 per share .
This is a breathtaking destruction of value for a bank that was once the world 's largest .
Shares of Citigroup stock peaked in 2006 at $ 55.70 , which gave the company a market capitalization ( price of stock times number of outstanding shares ) , or value , of $ 277.2 billion .
Today , Citigroup 's market cap is $ 5 billion .
But keep in mind that the federal government has already plowed $ 45 billion into Citigroup , which means the company is worth far less than the actual amount of cash it has received .
Astounding .
The bank has become a black hole .
Cash goes in and never comes out .
Citigroup and Bank of America are deemed by most analysts as being the sickest of the big banks -- the ones whose balance sheets are most poisoned by toxic assets .
-- Frank Ahrens
Sign up to get The Ticker on Twitter
Published online 4 February 2009 | Nature 457 , 648 ( 2009 ) | doi:10.1038/457648b
News in Brief
Five people have caught the Ebola virus from pigs .
R. RANOCO / REUTERS
Four more workers at pig farms in the Philippines have contracted the Ebola - Reston subtype of Ebola virus , in addition to a case reported two weeks ago .
All five , identified by the presence of antibodies to the virus in their blood , worked with sick pigs and were probably infected more than six months ago .
Ebola Reston was discovered last year in pigs on Luzon , the largest island in the Philippines ( see Nature 457 , 364–365 ; 2009 ) .
The virus has yet to trigger any symptoms in humans , but could mutate into more virulent forms inside pigs or other animal carriers .
Health authorities are now testing acquaintances of the infected five to see whether human - to - human transmission might have occurred .
The situation in the newspaper industry is not good .
10 major US newspapers , according to Time , will go out of business or go digital - only very soon .
It 's time to change business models , otherwise that last train might go away and never come back .
UK 's Guardian has done exactly that , by opening up its content freely for anyone with something called the Open Platform .
It 's a ...
" ... suite of services that make it possible for our partners to build applications with the Guardian . "
It consists of two parts : the Content API , which lets you freely retrieve data from Guardian 's vast content database ( over one million articles ) , and the Data Store , a collection of stats and data sets curated by Guardian journalists .
In short , Guardian will let anyone use their content on their site or web service .
How do they plan on making money then ?
Well , this bit from their announcement might give you a clue :
" The Guardian is positioning its Open Platform as a commercial venture , requiring partners to carry its advertising as part of its terms and conditions . "
Therefore , instead of trying to charge you for content that can easily be duplicated ad infinitum , Guardian will let anyone duplicate and use their content and then slap ads on top of everything .
Launch partners include The Cass Sculpture Foundation , which is using Open Platform to add Guardian articles about British artists to its site , as well as Stamen and OpenStreetMap , which developed a service that makes use of users geotagging Guardian articles , positioning articles , images and videos on a map .
Will it work ?
It 's too early to tell , but it definitely beats going out of business , and Guardian is showing some guts by embracing new business models instead of clinging on to old , defunct ones .
It looks like any 8.9 - inch Aspire
One owners out there may want to refrain from playing music full blast through the netbook 's speakers for the time being , as some users have found that it can have the unfortunate side effect of completely trashing the hard drive .
According to reports on the HardwareCult forum , the problem only affects Aspire One netbooks with standard hard drives , not SSDs , and it arises when the right speaker causes enough vibration and / or magnetic interference to throw the hard drive into a tizzy , leading to a whole host of errors and even some potential data loss .
Apparently , the problem was first discovered when someone played U2's " Hold Me , Thrill Me , Kiss Me , Kill Me " at maximum volume , which has since conveniently proven to be an effective tool for reproducing the problem -- not recommended , of course .
No word if the new album has any effect .
[ Thanks , Tigre ]
I purchased this product in order to spice up my sex life ( or ' nasty funtime ' as my wife and I call it ) .
Quite frankly this compact disc has ruined my entire life .
After letting this CD play overnight , I woke up to the surprise of the friggin century .
My nether regions are now nearly the length of a damn football field .
Yeah , thanks ALOT !
I can barely shoehorn myself into a pair of pants and when I finally do , I walk around with a TENTPOLE bulging out the front .
Talk about uncomfortable !
I got fired from my job because they claimed I was being " entirely inappropriate in the workplace . "
It 's not like I could help it !
On top of that my wife has left me because she 's too freaked out to be near me while I 'm clothed , much less in the bedroom .
Speaking of freaks , I 've had to join a Freak Show in a traveling carnival because they 're the only people that would hire me now .
In fact , we may be coming to a town near you .
Keep an eye out for me .
They call me the Amazing Gargantuan Penis Man .
Ca n't miss me .
You 'll Never Believe What I Had To Build Today ...
By Zhou Jing
Four Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) staff , kidnapped on March 12 ( Hong Kong time ) from Serif Umra , North Darfur , Sudan , were released safely in the early morning of March 15 .
Earlier on March 11 local time , the five MSF staff members , including three international and two Sudanese , were kidnapped from Serif Umra .
Later that same night one of the Sudanese staff members was released .
Canadian nurse Laura Archer , Italian doctor Mauro D'ascanio , French Coordinator Raphaël Meunier and Sudanese watchman Sharif Mohamadin were all released after three days in captivity .
They are with MSF staff and appear to be fine , according to the MSF website .
Christopher Stokes , MSF
Belgium general director , confirmed the kidnapped humanitarian workers are safe and in good health , saying that their families have been informed and are overjoyed , and that MSF are delighted the incident is resolved .
Stokes also expressed his outrage at the abduction of his colleagues , saying " kidnapping of humanitarian workers jeopardizes humanitarian assistance to the most vulnerable .
Our independent medical work must be respected if we are to continue working in conflict areas to save the lives of those who suffer most . "
The MSF website said that as a result of the abduction , almost all MSF international staff were evacuated from its Darfur projects , while a number of Sudanese staff were also relocated to safety .
A skeleton MSF team remained to secure the release of the kidnapped staff .
Following the release of the kidnapped MSF staff , Hassabu Mohammed Abdel - Rahman , Sudanese commissioner for Humanitarian Aid , made an announcement at a press conference yesterday that the Sudanese government had taken additional security measures to protect foreign nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) and their offices in the restive western Sudanese region of Darfur .
A Xinhua report on Monday said the kidnappers had claimed that they carried out the abduction to protest against an arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) against Sudanese President Omer al - Bashir .
The ICC warrant was issued on March 4 for alleged war crimes in Darfur .
The arrest warrant for al - Bashir would severely disturb political processes in the Darfur region as well as the peace and stability of the country , said Liu Guijin , the special representative of the Chinese government for Darfur , in Beijing on March 5 .
On March 5 , the Sudanese government announced a sudden decision to expel 13 foreign NGOs operating in Darfur , accusing them of passing " false and fabricated information " to the ICC , a charge denied by relief agencies .
Yesterday , while addressing a meeting of Sudanese charities and voluntary organizations for collecting donations , al - Bashir reiterated the readiness of his government to fill the gap of humanitarian work in the war - torn region of Darfur after 13 foreign NGOs were expelled .
He warned the remaining foreign relief organizations in Sudan of the consequences of overstepping their mandate stipulated by the country 's law of voluntary work , praised the role of domestic social organizations in improving the humanitarian situation in Darfur , and announced at the meeting that donations could fill 100 percent of the gap left by the departure of the foreign NGOs .
( China.org.cn , March 16 , 2009 )
From Bob Feldman :
Perlo ’s 1973 Alternative Jobs Creation Proposal Revisited
Most hip anti-war people in the United States ( and most long - time readers of Dollars & Sense ) probably realize by now that the U.S. government ’s recently passed “ economic stimulus ” legislation wo n’t really create enough high - wage jobs for U.S. workers to really restore economic prosperity for most U.S. working - class people ; or quickly stop the rapid rise in long - term unemployment rates for U.S. blue - collar and office workers .
Yet until anti-war left dissidents in the United States are able to quickly present some kind of anti-militarist alternative left jobs creation program for U.S. working - class people to mobilize in support of on the U.S. streets , the suffering of U.S. working - class people in the current U.S. historical “ era of permanent war abroad and economic depression at home ” will probably continue to increase–until there ’s finally some kind of upturn in U.S. capitalism ’s business cycle .
In a 1973 book , The Unstable Economy : Booms and Recessions In The U.S. Since 1945 ( International Publishers ) , a Marxist economist named Victor Perlo indicated what an anti-war alternative left jobs creation program for the U.S. economy might look like by proposing the following :
“ Nationalization and government operation of major economic units are essential for overcoming monopoly domination of the economy to the extent necessary for realizing significant progressive reforms .
“ Plants abandoned by private owners , or left with substantially curtailed operations , are prime targets for nationalization .
Conspicuous in this respect are enterprises in the aerospace and other armament - connected industries , whose private owners have proved unwilling or unable to shift to civilian production .
Also there has been large - scale phasing out of electornic plants , as multinational corporations have shifted output to foreign lands .
There continues a constant flow of industrial enterprises from urban areas , where workers are organized into relatively strong unions , into rural areas , and especially to open - shop southern areas offering special tax concessions and a prospect of low wages and no resistance to inferior working conditions .
“ The government should take over all such plants , fully maintain employment , and charge the corporation with all transitional costs .
“ It should take over munitions plants generally , thereby weakening the economic base of the notorious `military - industrial complex . ’
“ The transportation system should be nationalized … The entire system should be made into an integrated public system for freight and passengers , covering all modes of transportation , with lowered fares and rates , greatly increased and improved service .
“ The telephone system and other `public utilities ’ should be made really public , to end the superhigh charges and corresponding private profits now guaranteed by business - dominated regulating commissions .
“ Along with a system of socialized medicine , available without charge to all , there should be nationalization of the drug industry , hospitals , and related industries .
“ The construction of new housing should be nationalized .
That is the only way to build quickly the tens of millions of units needed to decently house America at rents the illl - housed can afford , with adequate employment opportunites for Black and other minority workers …
“ Nationalization of industry should not be like that of the `public authorities ’ and some quasi - government corporations run by boards of directors and managers from the officialdom of the private big corporations and banks , for the profit of these enterprises rather than service to the public .
“ Democratic nationalization is required , involving direct , major participation by the workers of the nationalized enterprises in their management , and a real voice for the users of the services .
It calls for boards of directors to be elected directly by the voters and by the enterprise workers …
“ Aa whole series of measures would be directed towards cutting unemployment … A major element in the fight against unemployment is to win a shorter work week and the elimination of overtime .
This , of course , would directly add millions of jobs …
“ … The demand has become popular among workers for continuation of unemployment insurance for the full term of unemployment .
This should be accompanied by expanding coverage to all workers , minimizing the waiting periods , ending the exclusion of strikers and other categories of workers , and ending the humiliating compensation offices with their pressure on the client to take sub - standard jobs at sub-standard pay .
“ A uniform Federal system should be substituted for the state systems , and the payments should be financed out of general revenues .
“ Every enterprise , private and public , should be required to employ Black and other minority workers at least in proportion to their numbers in the area ’s population at each occupational level , including the highest managerial and professional levels …
“ All Government support for and privileges granted to existing foreign investments would be ended .
New private corporate foreign investments would be completely prohibited or sharply curtailed .
This would encourage economic growth in the United States , by making it not longer possible for big corporations to give priority to overseas operations while cutting back at home … ”
– b.f .
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
This is a second post about Social bookmarking widgets ..
Where I provide a better way to integrate them in your pages and also asking for your feedback on my proposed standardization specifications :)
Scroll down to the end of this post to see widgets in action ..
After I posted the previous [ Creating Uniform Social Bookmarking Widgets ] , I faced some issues that are worth mentioning and polling too .
First
Iframes
You paste some JavaScript variables and include a remote JavaScript file .
Browser loads that remote JavaScript file and run it .
JavaScript file creates an Iframe that opens a remote web page inside it .
That web page may load other HTML / JavaScript / CSS / Images to build the widget for you .
Sounds creepy
document .write
delayed JavaScript execution
So Iframe or JavaScript DOM manipulation ?
Should Social Bookmarking come up with a standard for widgets that comply with some kind of rules like the following or it is not worth mentioning
a )
Specs of
Iframes method ( Digg , Dzone , Reddit , Retweet ) :
Defined set of Sizes should be provided like ' Tall ' and ' Wide ' and should be easily customized [ colors , borders , ..] with the ability to work without images .
Should Provide Iframe code instead of having extra round trips to load a remote JavaScript that is n't really needed .
Parameters will be passed as query string without the need of any other JavaScript variables .
Widget should be smart enough to allow you to bookmark when the link is new or vote otherwise .
Optimize browser connections .
why using many JS / CSS files inside the Iframe ?
b )
Specs of
JavaScript DOM manipulation method ( Propeller )
No use of document .
write ( Yahoo Buzz : out of the game )
Can be included at the end of the document or at the head .
Then it appends its content to some container referred by some selector .
Parameters could be passed as JavaScript variables or as query string .
Content elements should be defined with classes so we can style it .
They all use some JS library .
Then they should make different versions that work with the most popular ones .
So If it is jQuery library , you would include jQuery once in document head .
fortunately Propeller does n't load jQuery again if it is already included in you page .
One JS file only .
No need to load other JS / CSS
JavaScript function
< script type =" text / javascript " >
function standardSocialWidgets ( ) {
var Place = document.getElementById( " SocialWidgetsPlace " ) ;
if (! Place ) return ;
var title = document .
title ;
var titleE = encodeURIComponent ( title ) ;
var url = location .
href ;
var urlE = encodeURIComponent ( url ) ;
/* Social widgets : you can re order it or remove some , but watch for comma */
/* HTML : is html to be appended to div , Vars are widget JS variables , Js : widget remote JS to load */
var widgets = [
{ 'name ' : ' Dzone ' , 'html ' :'< iframe src= " http://widgets.dzone.com/links/widgets/zoneit.html?t=1&url='+urlE+'&title='+titleE+' " scrolling =" no " frameborder= " 0 " ></iframe >'}
, {'name ' : ' Reddit ' , ' html ' :'< iframe src= "
http://www.reddit.com/button_content?t=2&width=52&url='+urlE+'&title='+titleE+'&bgcolor=FFF&newwindow=1 " scrolling =" no " frameborder= " 0 " ></iframe >'}
, {'name ' : ' Digg ' , ' html ' : '< iframe src= " http://digg.com/tools/diggthis.php?u='+urlE+'&t='+titleE+'&w=new&k=%23ffffff " scrolling =" no " frameborder= " 0 " ></iframe >'}
, {'name ' :' Retweet ' , 'html ' :'< iframe src= " http://api.tweetmeme.com/widget.js?url='+urlE+'&style=normal " scrolling =" no " frameborder= " 0 " ></iframe >'}
, {'name ' :' Propeller ' ,
' html ' : '< a class= " propeller - story " title= " '+ title + ' " href= " '+url + ' " >'+ title +'</a>'
, 'vars ' : {'propellerVoteWidgetFormat ':' medium'}
, 'js ' : ' http://propeller.com/public/js/vote.js'}
] ;
for ( var i=0 ; i<widgets.length ; i++ ) {
var clss = ' SocialWidget ' ;
if ( i==0 ) clss = ' FirstSocialWidget ';
else if ( i==widgets.length -1 ) clss = ' LastSocialWidget ';
// Append HTML
Place.innerHTML=Place.innerHTML
+
' < div class= " '+widgets [i].name +' Widget ' +clss + ' " >'+ widgets [ i].html +'</div >';
// Set optional Vars
if ( widgets [i].vars ) for(k in widgets [ i].vars ) window[k]=widgets[i].vars[k ] ;
// load optional Js file and attach to head
if ( widgets [i].js ) {
var head = document.getElementsByTagName( " head " ) [ 0 ] ;
var js = document.createElement (" script " ) ;
js.src = widgets [ i].js ;
head.appendChild(js ) ;
}
}
}
// Call > function on load , so it would load last
window.onload = function ( ) {
standardSocialWidgets ( ) ;
}
// Or !!
Call function on document ready if you using jQuery , Who does not ?
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) {
standardSocialWidgets ( ) ;
} )
</ script >
< style type =" text/css " >
/* Style widgets place holder */
#SocialWidgetsPlace {
margin:0 auto 0 auto ;
width :350 px ;
}
/* Style Iframes */
# SocialWidgets Place iframe {
width : 52 px ;
height :80 px ;
overflow : hidden ;
}
/* Style widgets */
. SocialWidget , .FirstSocialWidget , .LastSocialWidget{
margin:0 ;
padding : 2px ;
float : left ;
background - color : white ;
width :56 px ;
height : 84 px ;
border - top : silver 1px solid ;
border - bottom : gray 2px outset ;
border - right : silver 1 px dotted ;
text - align : center ;
overflow : hidden ;
}
. FirstSocialWidget{ border - left : silver 1px solid}
. LastSocialWidget{ border - right : silver 1px solid}
/* Customize Propeller widget */
. PropellerWidget .p-frame , .PropellerWidget form , .propeller - widget{ width:52px ! important ; padding:0 !important;}
. PropellerWidget .p- header{ display : none}
. PropellerWidget .p-action - vote{ padding : 1px ! important ; }
.DzoneWidget{}
. RedditWidget{}
. DiggWidget{}
.RetweetWidget{}
</ style >
< div id='SocialWidgetsPlace '></div >
<!-- Clear Floating -->
< div style='clear:both '></div >
a ) , you should know how some of those social widgets work using [ Digg , Dzone , Reddit , Retweet ] : , right ?
So , As a Solution / hack I 'll skip the first 2 steps and creates those Iframes with this simple function or you can easily do it on server - side .b)
The remote JavaScript file , create the Iframe bywhich is not the best thing to do .
and on my previous post I also used document .
write to create their HTML / Java script code .
And that was ok for Firefox and Chrome but it caused troubles to IE & Opera known asc )
Another thing worth mention is that Propeller widget code is based on DOM manipulation .
You place a HTML link to your URL that get manipulated by the remote JavaScript file to load another JavaScript & CSS file (s ) and append some Div's & Form elements to build the widget .
The good thing about this is : it gives you control on styling the widget as opposed to the Iframes method which you can't style HTML inside it ...
A Good way to answer that is to do a poll .. and as expected the crowd wisdom is correct , here are people votes : Yes , as JavascriptI do n't care !
Yes , as Iframes Should stay as it is If it had to be JS , Then JS should ...
Here is thethat will display the widgets of both methods .
Widgets of method # 1 are added as Iframes .
For widgets of method # 2 : some HTML is added and optional variables are set , then an external JavaScript file is loaded dynamically .
This time I tested it on FF3.0.7 , IE 7.0 and Chrome 0.4
And CSS to style widgets
And HTML of the place holder to be put where you want widgets to be inserted That 's it !
General Motors has n’t made money on its core auto business since 2004 – and did nothing .
Same cars , same talk , same mismanagement .
GM is in the government ’s intensive care , hangs on a the tax payer ’s money drip , and still has n’t changed .
Contrast that to Toyota .
Toyota will announce its first operating loss in its history – approx $ 1.6 b , less than GM ’s monthly cash burn – and Toyota went to battle stations months before the announcement .
Toyota does everything GM failed to do .
They changed the management .
Akio Toyoda , grandson of the founder , will take over as president .
Even before he ’s officially taking the job , Toyota “ appears ready to overhaul its entire operations , from development to production to its sales network , ” the Nikkei ( sub ) reports .
Nothing is sacred .
Plants are idled worldwide .
Output is slashed .
A few days ago , the company held a meeting in Nagoya that was attended by 1,000 representatives from Toyota dealerships across the country .
Toyoda made it clear that he would not hesitate to drastically revise the firm ’s domestic sales structure .
And that ’s just the beginning .
More drastic moves are afoot .
Toyoda has created a team of employees charged with devising new corporate visions , including making decisions on future domestic and overseas lineups , production system and sales networks .
While GM is painting rosy pictures about pent - up demand and sales which will soon rebound , Toyota is preparing for the worst .
Total global output capacity for all carmakers is 100 m units a year .
Actual demand is estimated at about 60 million cars worldwide .
According to industry figures , capacity utilization below 80 percent spells trouble .
With capacity utilization of 60 percent ( and falling ) the world ’s auto industry is in deep trouble .
Again , Toyota alone has excess capacity of more than a million units .
While GM was betting on SUVs and available credit , Toyota aims to take the lead in the industry by introducing not only the most environmentally friendly cars but also budget vehicles for emerging countries and ( yes ) slick models that can spark young people ’s interest in cars .
While GM was fleecing its suppliers and even drove its own Delphi into bankruptcy , Toyota is worried about the health of its suppliers .
Toyota has conducted an emergency poll of around 50 parts suppliers , to grasp their fundraising situations .
The upshot is that their financial health is rapidly worsening .
“ We will possibly need to help them secure necessary funds , ” said Senior Managing Director Atsushi Niimi , who is in charge of procurement .
While GM coddled the UAW , Toyota slashed most temporary workers , and may let unionized workers go also .
Toyota officially replaced General Motors Corp. as the world ’s No. 1 automaker in 2008 .
At Toyota , this is already regarded as an embarrassing non-event .
Everybody knows that the reason is GM ’s poor performance , rather than Toyota ’s strong results .
There were no celebrations at Toyota .
Actually , it is an irritation .
As the Nikkei says : “ Staff are simply left without a new goal to shoot for and a bit weary from frequent changes in production schedules .
To raise the morale of its people and suppliers , Toyota needs a new goal other than just “ growing bigger ” or “ becoming No. 1 . ”
It was shortly after 7 in the morning when police spotted the man on a bicycle , a smear of blood around his mouth and more dribbling from cuts on his forearms .
But he had an explanation .
An ex-girlfriend “ turned me on to vampirism , ” he told the officers , but he was ready to put all that behind him .
Was there somewhere he could find a priest ?
“ Officers advised the man to conceal his predilection , in order to avoid alarming the public , ” said the police report , apparently mindful of the trouble that can ensue in a boisterous fishing port when the public gets alarmed .
Advertisement
The weekly police blotter that chronicles the bar fights , eagle attacks , yowling foxes , distraught psychics and dockside melees in Dutch Harbor -- part of the small city of Unalaska in the Aleutian Islands , about 800 miles southwest of Anchorage in the Bering Sea -- has become a must - read all over Alaska and other far - flung parts of the globe .
“ I got an e-mail not long ago from Scotland , a child psychologist , writing about one of our registered sex offenders , ” said publisher Veda Webb of the Unalaska Advertiser , which along with the Dutch Harbor Fisherman posts the stuff of day - to - day life in this town of about 4,000 on its website .
“ Two weeks ago , I heard from the Mensa chapter in Pennsylvania .
Or was it Tennessee ? ” said Webb , referring to the social network for those of unusually robust intelligence .
“ They said the person that writes this police thing is probably the only person in Unalaska that qualifies for Mensa . ”
A literate , witty and often hilariously calm voice of reason in this outpost of human foibles , the Unalaska police report documents what happens when thousands of fishermen from all over the world descend on one small port for shore leave :
Advertisement
Bunkhouse roommates throw lamps and nightstands at each other .
Ethiopian and Somali immigrants engage in raucous but obscure tribal disputes .
Drunks pass out -- in ditches , on bar stools , in other people ’s bunks and in unfamiliar living rooms .
“ Harbor officer reported shots had been fired at or near the Spit Dock , ” said a blotter entry from a cold January night .
“ Officers obtained information suggesting someone on board a . . . vessel had been firing a gun sporadically over the last week , with several shots coming near pedestrians , vehicles and vessels .
. . .
Yuriy Gureev admitted to firing a .22 rifle several times in the last week , allegedly aiming at the Dumpster . ”
Four nights later , someone set off a seal bomb -- a concussion grenade used to scare seals away from fishing grounds -- in the parking lot of the Grand Aleutian .
Last week , the hotel ’s former bartender got arrested on suspicion of driving with a blood - alcohol level of 0.345 % , four times the legal limit .
“ A woman in California called and asked an officer to tell her husband ’s Unalaska mistress not to phone their house anymore , ” the blotter reported .
Advertisement
--
Sgt. Jennifer Shockley , a wildlife biologist from Texas who joined the Unalaska police force 11 years ago , is the author of the weekly “ activity report . ”
“ What you get basically is drinks , drugs and domestic violence .
That ’s pretty much our three Ds , ” said Shockley , who also has served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Cameroon and trained police forces with the United Nations in Kosovo .
A slight woman with an easy laugh who manages to look intimidating when she strolls through the local bars in her heavy boots , Shockley has honed the art of understatement in her reports .
Advertisement
Take the one about the local bad boys -- the bald eagles who lurk on almost every treetop , fence and Dumpster , glaring at passersby .
“ Three juvenile boys phoned police and reported they had taken refuge inside a piece of playground equipment because they were in fear of imminent attack by a bald eagle , ” the report read one day last summer .
“ The suspect eagle hissed and puffed his chest feathers at the responding officer before flying from the area . ”
In some blotter items , however , she employs poetic devices .
Notice the alliteration :
“ A herd of hostile horses harassed a cyclist as he was riding his bike near Morris Cove , ” one said .
“ The complainant positively identified the suspect equine .
The responding officer informed the cyclist that the stallions might be gelded soon , with resultant decreased testosterone levels and concomitant displays of aggressive behavior . ”
Advertisement
“ Some calls are amusing from the moment our dispatcher gets the request for service , ” Shockley told the Dutch Harbor Fisherman recently , “ and others simply become silly as they progress . ”
Most Americans know Dutch Harbor as the home base for “ Deadliest Catch , ” the Discovery Channel series about the insanely perilous crabbing expeditions that battle 30 - foot waves , subzero temperatures and ice that has to be knocked off the railings with baseball bats .
( The show ’s popularity , along with word spread on the blogo - sphere , has a lot to do with the police blotter ’s notoriety . )
This port also is home to the biggest industrial fishing boats on Earth , the waterborne equivalents of B - 52 bombers that scoop 200 tons of pollock at a time onto their decks .
In 2007 , Dutch Harbor was the biggest - volume fishing port in the U.S. , landing 777.2 million pounds of fish -- worth $ 174.1 million .
“ The people who come here are the people who go looking for adventure .
They want to see the real Alaska , not the touristy , pretty little seaside town .
It ’s still pretty raw and wild out here , ” said Shirley Marquardt , Unalaska ’s mayor .
Advertisement
“ When I first came here 28 years ago , king crab was basically all the city had .
There was a teeny little City Hall , no clinic .
If you got injured , you had to go over to where the sick dogs are impounded .
“ None of the roads were paved .
We used to play softball in a big muddy field that was full of rocks .
By the end of the season , just about everybody had gashed knees and bloody lips . ”
King crab stocks nose - dived in the early 1980s , and Unalaska would have stayed a frozen wasteland had somebody not figured out how to make cheap fish sticks and fake crab from the massive schools of pollock that populate the Bering Sea .
Big pollock boats started pulling into Dutch Harbor .
Advertisement
Along with the fishing money came improvements :
Now there ’s a blocklong main street with a new courthouse , a diner ( called “ Fast Food ” ) and a couple of shops -- along with a big supermarket out by the water .
A few houses and cannery buildings date to when Dutch Harbor was a World War II military outpost , but most of the small frame homes appear to have sprung up wherever anyone got the inspiration to erect them .
The rocky softball field was replaced with an expanse of real imported turf and clay , and the streets -- some of them , anyway -- got paved .
But not all the rough edges got smoothed away .
--
That ’s where the 13 officers of the Unalaska Department of Public Safety come in -- a dike of relatively friendly body armor and handcuffs poised against the sea of chaos that invariably exists wherever three fishermen have plenty of money and no imminent deadline for getting on a boat .
Advertisement
“ A boat comes in with 50 people .
You ’re a bunch of single guys , or your family ’s back in Seattle -- what do you do for two days in town ? ” said Police Chief Jamie Sunderland , who ended up in Dutch Harbor after a 10 - year career in Army intelligence as a Russian linguist .
“ You go play some basketball , you shop for some doodads , and then you go to the bar and drink . ”
Of course , the locals manage to get into their own share of scrapes .
Names are n’t included in the blotter postings unless someone has been charged with a significant crime .
Still , most residents are able to read between the lines .
Who was the woman who phoned the police and said her armchair was trying to kill her ?
That one was easy -- her furniture ’s always after her .
Who was the trawl fisherman arrested for driving while intoxicated after pulling out of the Harbor View Bar ’s parking lot with a teacup Chihuahua in his lap ?
Do you have to ask ?
“ People read this and they think , ‘ What kind of a place is this ? ’
“ Webb said .
Last week , nobody had enough money to make much trouble :
The bulk of the pollock boats had just gone out , the fish factories had n’t cranked up yet , and nobody had gotten paid .
Advertisement
Officer Roger Bacon was cruising in his four - wheel - drive patrol vehicle through largely deserted streets , as the thwump of music and sporadic hoots wafted out the doors of the Harbor View .
Down by the dock , a pair of large transport boats -- their lights glowing eerily in the frozen fog -- waited for loads of fish .
Soon a call came in from the huge Westward Seafoods processing complex , where an inebriated young Alaska Native woman from Bethel , far from home on her first job , was sitting , crying and murmuring , under the reproachful eye of a security guard .
“ Do you know where you are ? ” Bacon asked gently , crouching down beside her .
“ I do n’t know .
I ’m scared , ” she said .
Advertisement
“ Where do you need to go to be safe ? ”
“ I need to go be with my dad . ”
Bacon walked her up to her room and made her promise not to leave until morning .
He took a minute to chat with the guard , then got back in his vehicle to cruise past the Harbor View .
He locked eyes briefly with the bouncer , who smiled and nodded .
Advertisement
So far , so good .
But here in Dutch Harbor , tranquillity is a temporary state of affairs .
By 1:02 the next afternoon , somebody was phoning for help from an office where he was cornered by a man with a baseball bat .
The suspect , identified in the police blotter as 21 - year - old Alberto Oropeza , “ threatened to kill him , all while beating on the man ’s office door and walls with a baseball bat . ”
It leaves out the details of who said what to whom , but presently , “ Oropeza was taken into custody without incident . ”
And none too soon .
Eleven minutes later , the dispatcher issued a Category 1 travel advisory , “ due to poor visibility and cruddy road conditions . ”
Advertisement
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
The Bear Glacier on the Kenai Peninsula along the Gulf of Alaska seen by the IKONOS satellite took this on August 8 , 2005 .
This image shows the ablation zone where the glacier is primarily losing ice .
Upslope from the lake , the foot of the glacier is riddled with crevasses - cracks in the ice caused by the glacier 's movement over a rough surface .
Down the middle of the glacier run dark gray stripes .
As a glacier moves , it picks up dirt and debris from the rocks it passes .
When two glaciers merge , as they have here , the dirt and debris they carry form parallel stripes , or medial moraines , on the ice surface .
( IKONOS satellite image courtesy GeoEye ) #
Please turn on javascript to get the most out of Nihongodict
Nihongodict takes advantage of many modern web browser features using javascript .
Once enabled you can configure your personal settings using the Settings link above .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Transportation Security Administration is looking into a report that Louisiana Sen. David Vitter had an angry altercation with an airline worker at Washington Dulles International Airport last week .
Louisiana Sen . David Vitter reportedly went into a " tirade " with a Washington Dulles International Airport worker .
The agency is not doing a formal investigation , TSA spokesman Sterling Payne told CNN , but it is gathering information to determine if one is needed .
" We are looking into the reported incident , " Payne said .
An aide to Vitter said Friday morning the Republican senator had not been contacted by the TSA and maintains the media account of the incident is overblown .
Roll Call had a report in its gossip column earlier this week , based on an unnamed eyewitness , that Vitter arrived at the airport 20 minutes before his United Airlines flight was scheduled to depart .
The door to the boarding bridge was already closed , but Vitter opened it anyway , triggering an alarm .
The paper said an airline worker warned him not to enter the walkway , which led to a " tirade " by Vitter who " remained defiant . "
The source told Roll Call the senator left the area before airport police arrived .
Vitter has refused to answer reporters ' questions about the incident , but in a statement Wednesday described his actions more innocently and the Roll Call report " silly . "
" After being delayed on the Senate floor ensuring a vote on my anti-pay raise amendment and in a rush to make my flight home for town hall meetings the next day , I accidentally went through the wrong door at the gate , " he said .
" I did have a conversation with an airline employee , but it was certainly not like this silly gossip column made it out to be . "
Vitter has been the subject of unwelcome headlines before .
In 2007 , he was linked to a Washington , D.C. , prostitution ring .
He denied allegations he had relationships with prostitutes , but apologized for " a very serious sin . "
Joel DiGrado , Vitter 's spokesman , said the congressman would not comment further on the issue .
CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .
All About David Vitter • Transportation Security Administration
MOSCOW -- Just minutes before his murder , Stanislav Markelov was at his most defiant .
Protesting the release of a war criminal he had helped convict , he declared : " The person who decided to free him ... should be held criminally responsible . "
As one of Russia 's top human - rights lawyers -- a rare and endangered species -- Mr. Markelov had many enemies , from politicians to Nazi sympathizers .
In January , someone took revenge .
Mr. Markelov was walking along a busy Moscow sidewalk after his speech when a man shot him twice in the ...
Important Disclaimer ×
Thank you for choosing Maid in America 's housecleaning personal service and San Diego domestic referral agency .
Our aim is to refer to you a basic housekeeping service to help free your busy life style of some of the repetitive housework you do n't have time for .
MAID IN AMERICA is a San Diego domestic referral agency .
It is our job as an agency to screen housecleaners and provide you with a suitable housecleaner with skill and personality to suit your needs .
MAID IN AMERICA is not the employer of the domestic worker it referred to you .
Depending on your arrangement with the domestic worker , you may have employer responsibilities .
If you have any questions concerning this or any other subject , we are available to answer your questions .
Please feel free to call us at :
Global jobs crisis deepens
US sheds 600,000 jobs in January
By Tom Eley
7 February 2009
In a clear indication the economic crisis is rapidly heading into a severe global depression , US employers purged 598,000 jobs in January , the most job losses in a single month since 1974 .
January 's firings raised the unemployment rate to 7.6 percent , the highest level since 1992 .
Job cuts accelerated even more rapidly in Canada , where 129,000 jobs were eliminated , the highest monthly toll ever , with the unemployment rate spiking to 7.2 percent from 6.6 percent .
Given a Canadian population of about one tenth that of the United States , the job losses are equivalent to about 1.3 million US cuts .
Canadian economists , who had anticipated a figure of 40,000 , were left dumbfounded by the data from Statistics Canada .
The new US Labor Department figures , released Friday , also far surpassed the expectations of economists , who had anticipated 524,000 lost jobs .
The figure for December ( 577,000 ) was also revised upwards .
In the coming period , job losses are expected to soar well above 600,000 a month .
Economists used the following terms to describe the Labor Department figures : " horror show , " " alarming , " " terrible toll , " " endless spiral , " " no end in sight , " " slow motion train wreck , " " horrific , " " massive hemorrhage , " and " stunning . "
In the 12 months since January 2008 , the American economy has hemorrhaged 3.5 million jobs , the most in one year since 1939 , during the Great Depression .
About half of those job cuts came in the past three months alone .
According to the Labor Department , there are now 11.6 million unemployed workers in the US .
In addition , there are 7.8 million more who are underemployed , workers who seek full - time employment but are unable to find the hours they need .
If underemployed and marginally attached workers are counted , the US unemployment rate stands at 13.9 percent , according to the Wall Street Journal .
The industrial sector suffered the most , with 207,000 jobs lost , after losing 162,000 in December .
This represented the steepest decline since 1982 , when US industrial production was intentionally decimated by the high interest rate " shock therapy " of former Federal Reserve Chief Paul Volker , who is now a key economic advisor to President Barack Obama .
There are now only 12.6 million US factory workers , the lowest number since 1946 .
In Canada , meanwhile , nearly 80 percent of January 's job losses were among factory workers , with Ontario particularly hard - hit .
This is an indication that the collapse of the US economy is ravaging Canada 's export - oriented industries and their suppliers .
In the US , the job losses extended across economic sectors .
White collar and managerial workers were eliminated in large numbers , 121,000 in all .
Construction companies cut 111,000 jobs ; 76,000 temporary worker were fired ; 45,000 retail workers lost their jobs ; and 28,000 more workers are now unemployed in the " leisure and hospitality " industry .
The unemployed face increasingly long periods between jobs , if new jobs are to be found , Labor Department statistics reveal .
The average job hunt for unemployed workers has increased to 19.8 weeks , up from 17.5 weeks one year ago .
The wave of job cuts is being undertaken in tandem with a broad assault on the conditions of those workers fortunate enough to keep their jobs .
In keeping with the spirit of the Obama administration , employed workers are being asked to make new " sacrifices . "
Over the previous months , US employers have launched an unprecedented wave of pay and benefit cuts , hours reductions , and other takeaways .
The sacrifices of the employed are also registered in an increase in productivity , which the Labor Department recently revealed has shot up by 3.2 percent in the last quarter of 2008 .
The flood of job losses in the US is such that the system of unemployment benefits has been overwhelmed , both financially and physically .
After decades of free - market orthodoxy , the social safety system in the US is woefully ill equipped to confront an economic crisis .
The National Conference of State Legislatures recently released a report revealing that seven states have depleted their unemployment insurance funds , and eleven others will likely do so within a year .
On Thursday , the Washington Post published an article noting that rising unemployment " is overwhelming claims offices " that are short on staff , facilities , and equipment to meet the needs of desperate workers ( " Deluge Is Holding Up Benefits to Unemployed " ) .
The prospects for the coming year are grim .
Analysts anticipate that 3 million more jobs will be lost , although even these dire estimates are contingent upon passage of Obama 's stimulus package and the administration 's assertions on job creation .
" We see job losses accelerating for at least the next several months to the point where that 600,000 mark will soon be a dot in the distance behind us , " said economist Guy LeBas of Janney Montgomery Scott LLC .
Robert MacIntosh , chief economist with Eaton Vance Management in Boston , said , " it is just another confirmation that we 're in a deep and long recession , and the bottom is not even in sight . "
The flood of job losses in North America is an expression of a world process .
In December , Japan experienced the sharpest increase in unemployment in 41 years .
More layoffs are to come , as industrial production declines precipitously .
The Japan Manufacturing Outsourcing Association has stated that 400,000 temporary workers will be laid off by March .
Many of these live in company dormitories , and will be made homeless in the process .
Earlier this month , China announced a massive growth in unemployment .
Some 20 million of the country 's 130 million migrant workers are unemployed .
Manufacturing jobs for export production have been particularly hard - hit .
In Europe , economists anticipate that the overall unemployment rate will climb to 8.7 percent for the 27 EU countries .
French employers purged 217,000 jobs last year , and the unemployment rate is expected to rise to 10.6 percent by the end of next year .
In Spain , Europe 's fifth - largest economy , the unemployment rate is at 14.4 percent and rising .
Industrial output in Spain fell by nearly 20 percent in December .
The International Labor Organization recently released a report that forecast global job losses with a range of 18 to 51 million .
In the latter scenario , global unemployment would climb past 7.1 percent .
It was during the ALP ’s federal election campaign that then shadow minister for communications Stephen Conroy announced the ALP ’s Plan for Cyber - Safety that has since come to be known variously as the " clean feed " , InternetWatch , or Conroy ’s filter .
In the plan , Labor stated that in order to protect Australian children from a range of cyber-ills , a Labor government would " provide a mandatory ‘ clean ’ feed internet service to all homes , schools and public computers that are used by Australian children " .
It went on to promise that " Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) will filter out content that is identified as prohibited by the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
The ACMA ‘ blacklist ’ will be made more comprehensive to ensure that children are protected from harmful and inappropriate online material . "
The proposal was ALP policy when the Rudd Government was elected in November 2007 and , notably , details of the policy have not changed at all since it was released prior to the election .
Naturally , at the time of the announcement , concerns about the filtering proposal were widespread .
How would the filter be implemented ; which content would be " prohibited " and how would the classification be administered ; and would the proposal deliver on protecting children from harmful content and other dangers posed by the internet ?
The word " mandatory " raised specific concerns — no other Western government had introduced internet filtering without providing the option to " opt- out " .
The proposal was likened to internet censoring regimes in repressive states like China and Iran .
There was a call for more information but the issue was not big on either the incoming government ’s or the media ’s agenda and the ALP managed to get away with not providing any .
On the last day of 2007 , Minister Conroy made an interestingly timed announcement that upset civil libertarians and internet industry experts alike by reducing the debate to an " Us and Them " stand - off .
" Labor makes no apologies to those that argue that any regulation of the internet is like going down the Chinese road , " Conroy said .
" If people equate freedom of speech with watching child pornography , then the Rudd Labor Government is going to disagree . "
The next installment came in May last year , when the Government announced $ 125.8 million for a " comprehensive " cyber - safety plan to be implemented over four years .
The announcement outlined a range of cyber - safety measures , including " law enforcement , filtering and awareness " .
The budget announcement also promised that " a real world ‘ live ’ pilot involving ISPs and their customers will follow an Australian Communications and Media Authority laboratory trial due to be completed in June 2008 " .
The ACMA trials were in fact a directive of the previous government , and then communications minister Helen Coonan , and were already on track .
They took place in Tasmania in June and the results were welcomed by Conroy in July , even though industry analysts described them as damning .
ACMA ’s 89 - page report is very dry and technical but basically details the extent to which a range of filtering products slow down internet access .
It also gives " overbreadth " stats ( how much material was blocked that should n’t have been ) and " underbreadth " stats ( how much material was n’t blocked that should have been ) .
Conroy managed to put a neat spin on the results .
While he was optimistic — pointing out that the most accurate filters blocked more than 92 per cent and the fastest only slowed the internet down 2 per cent — he failed to point out that the fastest filters were the poorest at both over - and under - blocking while the most accurate were the slowest .
In addition , the testing simulated approximately 30 internet users which was considered to be insufficient at best , laughable at worst .
Of course , Conroy ’s comments were met with more questions , or , more accurately , the same ones were posed again , as he became conspicuously absent from public debate on the issue .
Meanwhile the groundswell of concern about the filtering proposal intensified .
Research by civil liberties groups , internet industry bodies , cultural organisations and children ’s advocacy groups was conveying serious doubts about the legitimacy , effectiveness and viability of a mandatory filtering system .
At best , the Government ’s proposal is described as " confused " .
Critics continue to point out that the Minister has not yet defined words such as " unwanted " and " inappropriate " and refers inconsistently to the mandatory and voluntary tiers of the proposed filter , especially when making international comparisons .
For example , in defending the proposal , Conroy has aligned Australia with other Western democracies such as the UK , Sweden and New Zealand , all of which have internet filtering systems in place .
However , he neglects to mention a fundamental difference : he is proposing a mandatory filter here , while those countries all have opt - in systems .
At worst , its critics say the proposal undermines Australia ’s democratic freedoms .
Opponents have identified a range of concerns — from the threat of a censorship wedge to the breach of privacy and the technical impracticality of literally checking the content of all the billions of sites that are accessed by Australians every day .
The details of the ACMA blacklist are unknown — or at least disputed — the classification process is unclear , the possibilities are boundless for which sites and content will be taken down and prohibited as " unwanted " or " inappropriate " .
There are also major concerns that the filter would cripple internet speed and the implications that would have for business and social communications , as well as about how representative the trials actually are of everyday internet usage in Australia .
Furthermore , no one is convinced that this filter would ensure that children would indeed be protected from accessing harmful content or exploitation via the internet .
In the months following the ACMA trials , the Minister more or less went to ground on the issue , turning the public ’s attention to other potentially less fraught projects such as the national broadband network , the digital television rollout and the review of the public broadcasters .
But in October , Conroy and his staff were grilled on the issue by Greens Senator Scott Ludlam in a senate estimates hearing .
The Minister deflected questions and did not reveal any further details .
The issue was again pursued by Ludlam in the Senate in November , when he asked Conroy to define " unwanted " content and explain why he insisted on comparing Australia to countries without mandatory filtering systems .
While Conroy ’s response did little to allay concern , the exchange did revive public debate and offered a springboard for the momentum that was growing among opponents to the proposal .
By November last year , protest against the filter had moved into top gear .
Industry bodies , civil libertarians , ISPs , cultural organisations and social networks were expressing their opposition .
Get Up launched its " Save the Net " campaign and there was a national day of action on December 12 .
The issue was also gathering interest abroad , with academics at the Brooklyn Law School weighing into the debate .
Despite the groundswell , the Government forged on with its proposal , avoiding or deflecting criticism and deferring the debate .
Finally in December , Senator Conroy made a long - awaited announcement that industry trials would take place over Summer — starting on Christmas Eve. ISPs were invited to participate .
These were the promised " real - world " trials , where ISPs would be engaged to test the filter with consumers .
There were hurdles immediately , however , as major ISPs such as Telstra refused to be involved and iiNet offered to join in with the expressed purpose of pointing out how flawed the whole idea was .
The " show trials " , as Senator Ludlam has called them , did n’t kick off as planned on Christmas Eve , but Conroy again left the punters guessing by making no official announcement to explain why .
Clean feed watchers were not left without any Summer action , however .
On Australia Day , up stepped the Director of the Australian Christian Lobby Jim Wallace , a lone voice arguing in favour of Conroy ’s " filth filter " on the opinion pages of the Sydney Morning Herald and a few days later , in a live debate with ISP expert Mark Newton on Radio National .
It was n’t until 11 February that details of the live pilot were made public .
Neither Optus nor iiNet were selected to take part .
Instead , six smaller ISPs were named : Primus Telecommunications , Tech 2U , Webshield , OMNIconnect , Netforce and Highway 1 .
Tech experts pointed out that these ISPs represent a very small percentage of Australian internet users , and the trial ’s results would therefore not be representative .
Soon after , in what seemed like a bit of an aside , Conroy ’s Department announced a major review of Australian and international research on cyber-safety to be undertaken by Edith Cowan University .
Who knows , this could turn out to be a key turn of events as the story unfolds .
It was also around this time that the shadow minister for communications made a rare appearance in the debate .
Presumably his job to keep the Minister on his toes was already being expertly performed by civil society .
The SMH reported that Nick Minchin ’s office had been given independent legal advice saying that in order for the Government to pursue a mandatory filtering regime " legislation of some sort will almost certainly be required " .
This whipped up another windstorm of commentary through the blogosphere — " was the campaign won and the filter proposal dead in the water ? "
The SMH story perhaps inflated that response with a misleading opening sentence : " The Government ’s plan to introduce mandatory internet censorship has effectively been scuttled " .
It had n’t been .
Last week on newmatilda.com , Scott Ludlam looked at the Government ’s other options should they attempt to bypass parliament .
Also last week , Australia drew more international attention with the dubious honour of being mentioned in the introduction of the Reporters Without Borders ’ report Internet Enemies .
Meanwhile , information about the progress of the pilot — set in train in mid-February — is thin , although we hear reports that ISPs are waiting for trialing equipment to arrive from the USA .
Today , almost a year and a half after it was first announced , details of Conroy ’s internet filtering plan remain something of a mystery .
Despite persistent calls for information , the Minister has been unwilling or unable to answer many of the questions listed above .
In fact , on ABC radio ’s Background Briefing last week he managed to further confuse the issues .
Since October last year newmatilda.com has published a number of articles on the filter .
Our series of public forums , which begin tomorrow night in Brisbane , present an opportunity to take the debate off the screen and explore the broader ethical , social and political questions raised by government regulation of the internet .
What are the real questions for policy - makers ?
How do we regulate and manage the internet without paving a path for exploitation and corruption ?
Is filtering inevitable ?
Or are there better ways to regulate the world wide web ?
If you ’re in Brisbane , join us tomorrow night at Queensland University of Technology for A Tangled Web : Beyond an Internet Filter .
Similar forums will be held in Sydney , Melbourne and Adelaide over the coming weeks .
For those who ca n’t attend , the conversation will continue online at our blog , Polliegraph , which has been redesigned especially for the series .
Check it out and contribute to the debate here .
Despite published reports indicating otherwise , Jimmy Page , John Paul Jones and Jason Bonham have abandoned plans to record and tour together .
MusicRadar spoke exclusively with Peter Mensch , Jimmy Page 's manager , who stated categorically , " Led Zeppelin are over !
If you did n't see them in 2007 [ when they played a one - off reunion at London 's O2 Arena ] , you missed them .
It 's done .
I can't be any clearer than that . "
Singers auditioned , " no one worked out "
There are absolutely no plans for them to continue .
Zero .
Frankly , I wish everybody would stop talking about it " Peter Mensch , Jimmy Page 's manager , on the prospect of a ' Led Zeppelin ' tour
Mensch confirmed that last fall , when singer Robert Plant made it known he was continuing his partnership with bluegrass artist Alison Krauss and had no intention of returning to Led Zeppelin , replacement vocalists were auditioned to possibly record and tour with Page , Jones and Bonham .
" They tried out a few singers , but no one worked out , " says Mensch .
" That was it .
The whole thing is completely over now .
There are absolutely no plans for them to continue .
Zero .
Frankly , I wish everybody would stop talking about it . "
When asked what new projects Jimmy Page was going to be involved with in 2009 , Mensch said , " Fuck if I know .
I 'm waiting to hear . "
UPDATE : MusicRadar vs the BBC on the demise of Led Zeppelin
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liked this ?
Now read :
The best electric guitars under £ 300 and 12 best amps for heavy metal
The Prince of hypocrites : Charles embarks on 16,000 mile ' green ' crusade ... aboard a private jet
Prince Charles was accused of hypocrisy last night for using a private jet on an ' environmental ' tour of South America .
The prince will travel to the region next month in a visit costing an estimated £ 300,000 as part of his crusade against global warming .
He will use a luxury airliner to transport himself , the Duchess of Cornwall and a 14 - strong entourage to Chile , Brazil and Ecuador on a 16,400 - mile round trip .
Another holiday : Prince Charles and Camilla will go to Chile , Brazil and Ecuador
Aides insist it is impossible for the prince to complete the ten - day official visit using scheduled flights as he will undertake almost 40 engagements .
They also stress that he will offset his carbon emissions .
But last night critics seized on his choice of transport .
Labour MP Ian Davidson , a member of the Commons Public Accounts Committee , said : ' It would be hard to make this up .
' To hear that the Prince of Wales is flying to South America to save the environment and taking 14 staff on his jet at hideous cost just for this trip is the height of the absurd .
Fit for a prince : Charles and Camilla will travel in an Airbus A319 which seats 29 .
As a commercial plane it could have carried 134
' At a time when the greed of bankers is causing much adverse comment I would have thought that Prince Charles would have had more sense than to be so financially and ecologically wasteful . '
The prince 's determination to bring environmental issues to the forefront of public policymaking has been regularly praised but has also left him open to accusations of hypocrisy .
He was roundly criticised for flying first class to the U.S. with a 20 - strong entourage to collect an environmental award in 2007 .
High style :
The plush interior of the plane contains leather seats and DVD players
He has also been pilloried for continuing to use gas - guzzling transport , although he has converted his classic Aston Martin to run on biofuel made from wine .
Charles and Camilla will arrive for their spring tour in Chile on March 8 and end their trip with a visit to the Galapagos Islands to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin .
The couple will be flying with an exclusive charter company , which cannot be named for security reasons , in an Airbus A319 .
As a commercial aircraft it would have carried up to 134 passengers but now seats just 29 .
The company boasts its private jets have an exclusive ' VIP lounge ' at the front of the cabin which can be split into a master suite with its own toilet and shower .
The aircraft also boasts a satellite phone , printer , fax and laptop sockets and ' luxury VIP leather seats ' with personal DVD players .
The cost of the trip will not be revealed until the prince releases his annual accounts later this year but it is expected to exceed £ 300,000 .
Charles intends to use the trip to focus on issues of environmental sustainability and climate change as well as the wider ties between Britain and South America .
In Brazil , where he will visit Rio de Janeiro and the Amazon , he will concentrate on the problem of tropical deforestation , while in Chile he will try to enlist the help of the business community in building partnerships with the public sector to fight global warming .
Clive Alderton , the prince 's deputy private secretary , stressed yesterday that the prince had undertaken the trip at the specific request of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
' The issues of climate change and creating a high growth , low carbon economy are of great importance to both the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister , ' he said .
' As the Government put it to me : we are fortunate to have , in the Prince of Wales , someone with 40 years of work and experience on environmental issues who can help lead the charge for Britain in the battle for countries which sit on the frontline of climate change . '
As for the question of how much the tour would cost the public purse , Clarence House stressed that it had taken advice from the Government given the current economic climate .
Mr Alderton said : ' In this time of economic uncertainty we are extremely mindful of the cost and sought advice from the Government , who confirmed they wanted the trip to proceed given the importance of the strategic priorities that the visit would address and the bilateral diplomatic relations it would strengthen . '
He added : ' We looked at all available options of travel but the impracticability of moving around the region on scheduled flights meant that we had to take the charter option .
' Financially , we have secured the best deal that we possibly can . '
Last year Charles launched The Prince 's Rainforests Project .
It works with governments , business , non-governmental bodies and individuals to increase global recognition of the contribution of tropical deforestation to climate change and to find ways to make the rainforests worth more alive than dead .
Additional reporting : Tom Kelly
Figure 3 from Cantone , et al. , Cell 137:172-181 ( 2009 )
Many computational biologists are interested in taking gene expression data , and using that data to computationally infer the underlying regulatory network that controls the observed pattern of gene expression .
Why ?
Because doing the experiments to determine the structure of these regulatory networks is hard ; if we could use more easily obtained data to reliably tease out the network structure , we'd be able to quickly characterize networks in unexplored cell types or in poorly studied microbes .
The problem when making these network - inferring algorithms is knowing whether you 're getting the right answer - the main justification for these algorithms is that determining the right answer is hard to do experimentally , so what researchers need is a set of known regulatory networks on which to test their computational methods .
A group from the University of Naples , Italy , built a synthetic , ' gold standard ' regulatory network on which computational biologists can test their network - inference programs .
This toy network , consisting of five transcription factor genes wired up into a set of feedback loops , is an interesing idea in principle .
The piece was accompanied by a commentary titled " Systems Biology Strikes Gold .
"
In practice , things are n't so glittery : this toy network basically does nothing interesting .
As far as I can tell , the researchers arbitrarily wired these genes together without giving much thought to designing something with non-trivial dynamics .
As a result , when they switch the network on ( by adding galactose to cultured yeast - the network was made inside of a yeast strain ) , not much happens .
They built a mathematical model of this network , and they sort - of matched some bumpy , largely flat lines .
You can see this in the figure below .
The x -axis is time , the y - axis is gene expression , the dots are the experimental data ( with the standard error shown by the dashed lines ) , and the model prediction is the solid colored line .
The big bump in the GAL4 panel below , the most dramatic thing that happens , was actually an experimental artifact caused during the transfer of yeast from glucose to galactose , and had to be added to the model with a fudge factor .
When the researchers tested various network reconstruction algorithms on this very sedate synthetic network , none of the programs got it right .
You have a simple network with five nodes and eight edges , and no algorithm got it completely right .
Some did n't even do any better than random chance .
To be fair , this network did n't really do anything , so these algorithms were trying to say something about almost nothing .
It 's possible that the programs would do better on a more dynamic system .
This is also a sign that network inference is a hard problem .
The best results of the state - of - the - art programs are n't yet good enough .
In other words , experiments are n't obsolete yet .
Um , we beg to differ .
Examples follow .
Last night Elisabeth Hasselbeck was on The Tonight Show to promote her forthcoming book The G - Free Diet : A Gluten - Free Survival Guide .
Jay , of course , asked her about her political views , pointing out that she 's a " real conservative , not a Hollywood conservative , " meaning that her conservatism goes beyond fiscal matters .
The pro-lifer disagreed , saying that she mainly cares about fiscal matters , and that socially , she tries " not to get judge -y . "
Advertisement
Well , we 've seen her judge-y .
Advertisement
Earlier : Elisabeth Hasselbeck 's 25 Most Annoying Moments Of 2008
PRESS RELEASE :
Honda Racing F1 ' View Suspended '
The Honda Racing F1 car is made up of 3,200 individual parts , and if you go the the British International Motor Show this week or next , you 'll be able to see every single one .
Literally .
That 's because Dutch artist Paul Veroude has seemingly worked magic with his exhibit called " View Suspended , " in which each and every part of the car is suspended from above , creating a living exploded technical diagram .
As awed as we are by the photographs of the display , we can only imagine how impressive it looks in person .
Everything down to the smallest little screw is hanging in suspended animation .
Manufacturers always strive to have interesting displays at autoshows , whether they be safety demonstrations , cutaways , or other imaginative ploys to generate visitor interest .
With " View Suspended , " it 's a safe bet that Honda will be capturing the attention and imagination of every single person who walks by it .
It 's just that cool .
Click on any photo to enlarge it .
It 's the best way to get a sense of the painstaking effort and incredible attention to detail that went into this piece .
( Additional photos , info after the jump ) [ Source : Honda ]
View Suspended is a stunning art installation created from the thousands of parts that make up a Honda Racing F1 car .
The amazing display was created especially for the event by Dutch artist Paul Veroude .
Each of the 3200 parts of the Formula 1 car are suspended on fine wires to produce a 3D ' exploded diagram ' that allows race fans the chance to get closer than ever to the engineering secrets of the world 's most technically - advanced sport .
Honda first recognised Veroude 's talents two years ago , when Artwise Curators , who develop art projects with the Honda team , came across a museum exhibition of his deconstructed vehicles .
Paul then got his first opportunity to get close up and personal with a Honda Racing F1 car during a visit to Silverstone .
His passion for the sport and the Honda Racing F1 Team 's engineering expertise catalysed a very special work of art .
For Paul , the opportunity to work with a top F1 team was the realisation of a life long ambition .
For the Honda Racing F1 Team , the collaboration provided a unique opportunity to share the secrets of their success with fans .
Deputy Technical Director at Honda Racing , Gary Savage , took a personal interest in the project : " After meeting Paul we were keen to work with him to develop the installation and showcase our work .
We know from our own experience , when we do drawings ourselves , exploded diagrams are very popular with people - you can see how things go together .
This is a combination of engineering and sculpture - if you did it as a picture it would be very attractive but as a 3D thing it is even more stunning .
It shows off our car in a very exciting and innovative way .
" Honda 's Head of Car Marketing , Jeff Dodds says : " The first time we saw View Suspended , we knew it would be perfect for the London Motor Show .
It 's creative , imaginative and a must see for visitors to the Honda stand .
I can't think of a better expression of Honda 's passion for F1 and engineering . "
The number of people harming themselves deliberately has leapt by a third in the past five years , according to new figures seen by The Independent on Sunday .
The biggest rise in self - harm and attempted suicide has been among young women between the ages of 16 and 24 as they struggle to cope with the pressures of modern living in Britain .
There were 97,871 hospital admissions for deliberate self - harm in England in 2007 - 08 – 4,337 of them for children under the age of 14 .
Meanwhile , one in eight young women admitted to self - harm in 2007 – an 80 per cent increase since 2000 .
According to new research published by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , the growing gap between rich and poor has led to an increase in mental health problems such as depression and self - harm in countries including the UK and US .
People are surrounded by stories about the rich and famous – lifestyles that are unattainable for the majority .
These inequalities cause psychological and physical stress which leads to mental and physical health problems , the report concludes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Another possible reason for the rise is a growing trend among young people to rely on extreme measures such as overdoses and wrist cutting to communicate their anger and distress , say mental health experts .
Emergency doctors report an increase in alcohol - related self - harm as people turn to drink to cope with difficult feelings and experiences .
Experts called on the Government yesterday to treat mental illness as a wider public health and social problem rather than just spending money on specialist treatments and psychological therapies .
The incidence of self - harm has risen despite record levels of government spending on mental health services since 2000 .
Dr Andrew McCulloch , chief executive of the Mental Health Foundation , said : " Self - harm is often a secret activity and people will avoid going to hospital if possible .
So the fact we 've seen such a substantial rise in hospital admissions is worrying and could be the tip of the iceberg .
" Research we carried out last year with Girlguiding UK showed that even very young girls are feeling the strains of modern life and the pressure to grow up too quickly .
A rise in reported self - harm among young women in their late teens and early twenties fits in with that picture , and unfortunately suggests that there 's a whole generation of young women who feel such emotional distress , and that many of them are turning to self - harm in an attempt to cope . "
The majority of people who were admitted to hospital for self - harm last year had taken an overdose of legal medications .
More than 6,000 people needed hospital treatment after cutting themselves – a rise of 80 per cent in five years .
Buried in last month 's annual Psychiatric Morbidity Survey were alarming figures about young women : nearly 12 per cent of women aged between 16 and 24 admitted to self - harm – a rise of 80 per cent since 2000 .
Self - harm is the second most searched - for subject on the mental health charity Mind 's website , yet the majority of people who self - harm will never tell anyone or seek help .
Health professionals are bracing themselves for increases in depression and anxiety , as well as a rise in the number of people who self - harm or commit suicide as the recession sets in .
Dr Peter Byrne , a consultant psychiatrist in A&E and self - harm specialist , said : " It is much harder to be an adolescent these days .
Young people are surrounded by an obscenely rich celebrity culture , and kids want to have those things too .
Others I come across are excluded from society and cannot imagine living beyond 30 .
And two - thirds of the young people I see in A&E have been drinking alcohol .
Their drinking is angry , morose , avoidant , and when this happens someone is much more likely to self - harm .
If you look at the unhappiest populations in the world , it is those with the greatest income inequality . "
Published earlier this month , Mental Health , Resilience and Inequalities by the WHO and the Mental Health Foundation revealed a strong link between income inequalities and poor mental health .
Inequality is now known to be a constant trigger for the " fight or flight " response in human beings .
Over time , the perpetual stress is thought to get " under the skin " and lead to permanently raised levels of stress hormones such as cortisol , as well as causing depression , higher blood pressure and other biological changes associated with stress and mental illness .
Lynne Friedli , author of the report , said : " We have to face up to the fact that mental well - being depends on reducing the gap between rich and poor .
A large divide leads to a mentally unhealthy society , and many associated social problems .
In the UK in particular , we 've failed to acknowledge this link , preferring instead to blame people 's lifestyle choices . "
Dr McCulloch said : " We know that the UK has become a much more unequal place in the past few decades and we also know that people 's mental health seems to have worsened at the same time .
Now we 're beginning to understand how these two trends might be linked , and how living with inequality can have very real effects on the mind and body . "
Since 2000 , the Government has spent millions of pounds on improving mental health services in the community and A&E departments .
As a result , far fewer people are admitted to hospital unnecessarily , according to the National Audit Office .
More recent efforts have concentrated on specialist help for children and adolescents but some experts argue that these efforts miss the point .
The shadow health minister Anne Milton , who obtained the hospital admission figures , said : " These startling figures are yet another example of the surge in mental health issues that the UK has experienced in recent times .
The sharp rise shows that government policy has failed to sufficiently prioritise mental health and early intervention .
We must focus more on reducing stigma and proactive prevention rather than crisis management . "
Dr McCulloch said : " Most children and young people wo n't go near a place labelled ' mental health ' if they can help it , so we have to start supporting their wellbeing in places they will go – youth centres , sports clubs and so on – before they even get to the point of needing a specialist mental health service .
We also know young people between 16 and 25 fall between two stools , and neither children nor adult mental health services suit their needs .
This is key problem with the current system as that age group is particularly vulnerable .
Just when they need continuity of support , they fail to get it . "
Rufus May , a clinical psychologist in Bradford , said : " Demonised by the media , subject to scrutiny and evaluation in terms of their looks and appearance , and a school system that is increasingly prescriptive , young people do n't have space to be creative or learn how to express how they feel .
Self - harm is a release .
It anaesthetises people from the pain of feeling wretched and unworthy .
It helps us escape the pain of living in a competitive , self - conscious world where we rarely feel that we are making the grade .
It can also be an expression of anger .
This is one way to briefly be powerful and take back control .
The scars of self - harm are like protest graffiti , and we need to listen to it .
The answer is not more therapy .
We need to teach young people how to communicate and care for themselves and one another . "
Selina 's story : ' I wanted to punish myself for being such a failure '
Selina Aktai , 39 , from north London , cut herself almost constantly between the ages of 12 and 36
" There was a build - up of unhappiness from when I was really young .
After my mum died when I was 12 , my dad remarried really quickly and the whole family changed .
I felt out of control , angry at my dad and completely alone .
One day I was shaving my legs in the bathroom and I cut myself accidentally .
Watching the blood trickle into the water made me feel so much better ; it felt like a release .
From then I started cutting my legs in secret , every other day , as a way to convey how I felt .
I would cut until I could see blood and then cover them with plasters .
" I never told anybody .
We did n't do that in our family .
We were taught to have good manners , to respect our parents and do well at school ; not to talk about our thoughts and feelings .
I was acting out at school , but everyone just thought I was difficult .
No one asked me how I felt .
" After a few years I started to have suicidal thoughts and began to experiment with paracetamol ; I wanted to see how far I could go .
I was holding down a job , but then my dad convinced me to get married in Bangladesh .
It did n't work out , and I came home .
I then spent five chaotic years travelling around the country , completely out of control , cutting myself and taking overdoses , but still I did n't tell anyone .
Deep down , I knew I was taking risks with my life , but I did n't know any other way .
By this stage cutting no longer made me feel better : I did it because I wanted to punish myself for being such a failure .
" Even when I got my life together , settled down and got a job with the council , I still hurt myself at times , and the suicidal thoughts got stronger whenever I tried to resolve the difficulties with my family .
It all came to a head eventually , and I made a plan to jump off Westminster Bridge .
That 's when I ended up in hospital in 2005 .
" Hospital is not the right place for people who self - harm .
I got myself out and after six months got an appointment with a fantastic therapist – the first time I found someone who listened to me , understood my culture and helped me to express how I felt with words .
I have n't hurt myself for many , many months and feel much more in control of my life .
My family still has no idea about what I was doing and how bad things got . "
PALO ALTO , Calif . 
For anyone who has dreamed of creating his own glossy color magazine dedicated to a hobby like photography or travel , the high cost and hassle of printing has loomed as a big barrier .
Traditional printing companies charge thousands of dollars upfront to fire up a press and produce a few hundred copies of a bound magazine .
With a new Web service called MagCloud , Hewlett - Packard hopes to make it easier and cheaper to crank out a magazine than running photocopies at the local copy shop .
Charging 20 cents a page , paid only when a customer orders a copy , H.P. dreams of turning MagCloud into vanity publishing ’s equivalent of YouTube .
The company , a leading maker of computers and printers , envisions people using their PCs to develop quick magazines commemorating their daughter ’s volleyball season or chronicling the intricacies of the Arizona cactus business .
“ There are so many of the nichey , maybe weird - at - first communities , that can use this , ” said Andrew Bolwell , head of the MagCloud effort at Hewlett - Packard .
Samir Husni , a journalism professor at the University of Mississippi who plans to use the technology in his classroom , said , “ We ’re not talking about replacing the Vanity Fairs of the world .
But it ’s a nifty idea for a vanity press that reminds me of the underground zines we had in the ’60s and ’ 70s . ”
Windows 7 Starter ( limited to three apps concurrently )
Windows 7 Home Basic ( for emerging markets )
Windows 7 Home Premium ( adds Aero , Touch , Media Center )
Windows 7 Professional ( Remote Desktop host , Mobility Center , Presentation mode )
Windows 7 Enterprise ( volume license only , boot from virtual drive , BitLocker )
Windows 7 Ultimate ( limited availability , includes everything )
Remember that screenshot we saw of all those different Windows 7 versions ( pictured above ) ?
Well guess what ?
It 's worse than you could have possibly imagined .
The following will be the actual new SKUs for the OS : This information has been confirmed by Microsoft ... who never listens to us .
At least most consumers will only see Home Premium and Professional options at retail , which is more akin to the XP options of yore , and means WMC will be " baseline " for most PCs .
Just to be clear , we 've checked specifically with Microsoft on all six versions , and the placement of Home Basic in emerging markets .
There 's now a full breakdown after the break .
OUR SHOPPING EXPERIENCE - OC Tuxedos
Our friendly staff at our Men's Suit Stores in Santa Ana & Costa Mesa , will guide you through our process to help you find the perfect suit .
There is no pressure to buy at The Suit Co as none of our staff is on commission .
We simply provide a personal one on one consultation helping you with questions , suggestions , and sizes .
We have a very knowledgeable staff and an amazing amount of styles , sizes , and colors for men's slim fit suits , tuxedos , dress shirts , ties , dress shoes and other accessories required in men 's suiting .
We ’re proudly serving all of Santa Ana and surrounding cities in Orange County .
« Kitten Mitten | Home | Bells of Alaïa »
October 7 , 2008
Church Tank Type 5A — by Kris Kuksi
2007 Mixed media ; 10 " H x 5 " W x 12 " D .
The artist is bunkered down in Hays , Kansas .
His solo show opens November 22 , 2008 at the Joshua Liner Gallery in New York City .
[ via Juxtapoz ]
October 7 , 2008 at 04:01 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef010534cf8d8a970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Church Tank Type 5A — by Kris Kuksi :
Comments
has st panzers made its way out to Nevada for BRC ?
add a soundsystem and burners would go nuts !
ps : ask for a grant to make it super awesome !
Posted by : rediie | Nov 12 , 2008 2:28:28 PM
Great picture mate .
Wish I could make it to NY to catch your show .
Good luck !
Posted by : Mal | Nov 11 , 2008 8:29:24 PM
As opposed to a Jewish or Hindu Mosque ?
How about doing this a hundred years ago in a Christian land ... that 'd take some balls unless you decided to live the rest of your life out of it and never had to replenish your supplies .
Now that would be impressive !
Posted by : clifyt | Oct 15 , 2008 8:13:16 AM
try that with a Muslim Mosque if you have real balls
Posted by : | Oct 15 , 2008 7:55:53 AM
Is that a ' Crusader ' tank ?
Posted by : Grendel | Oct 14 , 2008 9:00:16 PM
Ah , the Church Militant !
Posted by : Edward Yong | Oct 11 , 2008 9:49:15 AM
Hey Look , it 's St Panzer's !
Posted by : Alan Salmon | Oct 10 , 2008 7:49:58 PM
Tank Type 5A ?
Are there like versions 1,2,3 and 4 not to mention assorted A's and B's of this thing ?
Posted by : Milena | Oct 7 , 2008 7:45:04 PM
All hail the Churchtank !!!
Posted by : | Oct 7 , 2008 5:41:04 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
An amorphous collection of stuff ( mostly ) related to the tech side of web applications .
When the Bush administration was preparing the public in 2001 - 2003 for the invasion of Iraq by selling it lies and exaggerations , it was supported by articles discredited former New York Times reporter Judith Miller published on the front page of the Times .
Beginning in 1998 , Miller spread propaganda for Ahmed Chalabi ’s Iraqi National Congress , claiming that Iraq had active programs for producing weapons of mass destruction .
Miller ’s sources were almost exclusively Chalabi and the neocons .
A particularly glaring example of the lies Miller was propagating can be found in an article she and Michael Gordon published in September 2002 claiming that Saddam Hussein was trying to purchase aluminum tubes for use in Iraq ’s uranium enrichment program .
The “ evidence ” was quickly challenged and turned out later to have been supplied by the neocons .
Dick Cheney used the article as evidence of a “ smoking gun . ”
It was not that Judith Miller was gullible and could be fooled easily .
She was sympathetic to the neocons ’ cause .
Now , lies , exaggerations , and speculations are also rampant about Iran ’s nuclear program .
The last round of propaganda began after the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) released its report on Iran on Feb. 19 , which reaffirmed that ( 1 ) Iran has not diverted its nuclear materials to non-peaceful uses ; ( 2 ) there is no evidence of a secret nuclear weapon program or facility ; ( 3 ) all of Iran ’s nuclear facilities are monitored by the IAEA , and its nuclear materials are safeguarded ; and ( 4 ) Iran has not significantly increased the number of its centrifuges that are producing low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) .
But the usual anti-Iran crowd cared only about the IAEA reporting that , as of Jan. 31 , Iran had produced 1010 kg of LEU with an enrichment level of 3.49 percent .
Suddenly , there were deafening screams about how Iran could enrich its LEU to the 90 - percent level suitable for a single nuclear bomb .
Even if Iran could miraculously build a nuclear bomb , it would have to explode it in a test , hence finishing off its entire stockpile .
Moreover , there is no evidence that Iran has such a capability .
Regardless , the War Party made Iran ’s one ton of LEU the analogue of Iraq ’s aluminum tubes .
That the War Party and the Israel Lobby started the latest round of propaganda is not a surprise .
What is a surprise is the emergence of a whole new source of speculation and skewed interpretations of what the IAEA actually reports .
This source is none other than David Albright and his Institute for Science and International Security ( ISIS ) .
Although Albright is considered an expert on nuclear issues , he and the ISIS have been increasingly distancing themselves from an impartial posture and becoming a tool in the hands of the anti-Iran crowd .
The ISIS monitors , among other nations , the nuclear programs of India , Pakistan , and Iran .
Unlike Iran , the first two have not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) and they have developed nuclear arsenals .
Pakistan , with political instability and Islamic fundamentalists in its military and intelligence services , is one of the most dangerous nuclear nations on Earth , yet the main focus of the ISIS is on Iran .
The ISIS does not analyze the nuclear program of Brazil , whose navy controls its uranium enrichment program and has restricted IAEA access to uranium enrichment facilities , in violation of its NPT and Safeguards Agreement obligations .
Just imagine what would happen if the IAEA declared that Iran ’s military controlled its uranium enrichment program .
Nor does the ISIS analyze Israel ’s program .
This is a nation that has at least 200 nuclear warheads ; has three nuclear submarines , one of which is usually in Iran ’s vicinity ; kidnapped its own citizen , Mordechai Vanunu , in Italy and jailed him for 18 years because he revealed Israel ’s nuclear weapon program ; and has been threatening for a long time to attack Iran .
On its Web site , the ISIS claims that it “ works to create world safe from the dangers posed by the spread of nuclear weapons to irresponsible governments ” ( emphasis mine ) .
Yet , despite its 41 years of occupying Palestinian lands in violation of United Nations Security Council resolutions 242 and 338 , despite the unimaginable destruction it has caused there and in Lebanon , Israel is a “ responsible ” government , while Iran , a nation that has not attacked any country for at least 270 years but has been the victim of numerous invasions and foreign - sponsored coups , is not .
The ISIS lists a small staff .
It uses satellite imagery provided by DigitalGlobe , a private vendor based in Colorado .
On its Web site , the ISIS states that “ the vast bulk of our funding comes from public and private foundations . ”
I could not find the names of its benefactors .
In an e-mail to the ISIS office , I asked about the sources of their funding , but I received no response .
One must also consider the ISIS ’ information sources .
When Mohamed ElBaradei , the IAEA ’s director general , submits his reports to the IAEA ’s Board of Governors , their distribution is usually restricted .
Yet , the ISIS posts the reports on its site immediately after they are submitted .
Often , even before the submission of the reports , the ISIS seems to know their contents , and at numerous times it has posted them at the same time that they are submitted .
That brings us to David Albright himself .
I am not going to repeat Scott Ritter ’s criticisms of him .
( See also the response by Frank von Hippel of Princeton University defending Albright . )
Leading an extensive research program in physics and engineering for the past 25 years has given me a degree of objectivity .
Thus , I believe that Albright has made many valuable contributions to the debates on nuclear arms , nuclear materials , and so forth .
However , Albright relies too heavily on speculation and , quite often , baseless guessing .
Moreover , he has been silent on important issues that any experienced expert should be able to comment on while publishing analyses that seem to serve one and only one purpose : adding dangerous fuel to the hysteria over Iran ’s nuclear program .
Given that the War Party and Israel are looking for any excuse to provoke and justify military attacks on Iran , anything other than scientific analysis , backed by legitimate documents and credible sources , is extremely dangerous .
An analyst of Iran ’s nuclear program and the president of a supposedly scientific institution cannot consort with AIPAC , the leading pro-Israel lobby in the United States and the prime force behind practically all the anti-Iran rhetoric , and , at the same time , present himself as an objective and impartial analyst .
But on March 5 , 2006 , Albright spoke to AIPAC , making a presentation entitled , “ Nuclear Countdown : What Can Be Done to Stop Iran ? ”
When talking about Iran ’s nuclear program , Albright usually tells half the story .
For example , when he is asked how much yellowcake ( the uranium oxide that is converted to uranium hexafluoride for enrichment )
Iran has , he typically responds that it is enough to make dozens of bombs , but he does not say that going from yellowcake to a bomb is a long , tortuous process , fraught with technological difficulties and requiring advanced technologies , many of which Iran does not currently have ( at least there is no evidence that it does ) .
When he is asked about Iran ’s stockpile of enriched uranium , he responds that it is enough to make one nuclear bomb , but he does not usually say that what Iran has is LEU , not the highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) needed for a bomb , and that so long as Iran ’s enrichment facilities and stockpile are safeguarded by the IAEA , there is no way that Iran can obtain the HEU , even if it wanted to ( there is no evidence that it does ) and had the facility for producing it ( it does not ) .
In effect , Albright uses facts to insinuate predetermined and unrelated conclusions .
In a recent interview , Albright was asked about Iran ’s progress in its nuclear program , to which he responded :
“ Iran continues to move forward on developing its nuclear capabilities , and it is close to having what we would call a ‘ nuclear breakout capability . ’
That ’s a problem because once Iran reaches that state then it could make a decision to get nuclear weapons pretty rapidly .
In as quickly as a few months , Iran would be able to have enough weapons - grade uranium for nuclear weapons .
And if a breakout occurred , they would not likely do so at the well - known Natanz enrichment plant .
Rather , the Iranians would most likely take low - enriched uranium that ’s produced at that plant and then divert it at a secret facility that we would n’t know anything about .
And at this secret facility , the Iranians would produce this weapons - grade uranium .
They do n’t need that much more low - enriched uranium before they reach the first level of breakout capability , namely enough low - enriched uranium to make one nuclear weapon . ”
To the untrained eyes of a layman , the above paragraph seems very “ innocent ” and , at the same time , very “ authoritative . ”
It is neither .
Albright ’s statement about breakout capability is misleading .
A nation has that capability when it has enough LEU for conversion to HEU and has conversion facilities .
But , as I discussed above , the process of converting LEU to HEU is long and tortuous .
Even if Iran has everything in place , and everything works without any glitches or outside intervention , the breakout time  the time to convert the LEU stockpile to HEU  is six to nine months , ample time for the international community to negotiate with Iran .
Albright says with seeming certainty that the process of converting LEU to HEU will take place in a secret facility .
That is , he seems to be sure that such a facility already exists .
But the IAEA has certified time and again that there is no evidence of the existence of a parallel enrichment program in Iran .
Albright does not mention that Iran ’s stockpile of LEU is safeguarded by the IAEA .
So the only way for Iran to produce HEU from LEU is to leave the NPT and expel the IAEA inspectors from Iran , then take the LEU to its alleged secret facility so quickly that all the satellites hovering over Iran , watching its every move , miss such a monumental event !
All Albright talks about is one nuclear bomb .
Assuming that Iran could fool the entire world and , with tremendous luck , produce one nuclear bomb ( and there is no evidence that Iran has the capability to do so ) , it would have to explode it for testing .
That would be the end of Iran ’s stockpile of enriched uranium .
The ISIS recently posted an analysis in which it claimed that Iran was running out of yellowcake .
When Albright was asked in the aforementioned interview about this issue , he responded , “ Iran has never really had the uranium resources to support an indigenous nuclear electricity program .
So they are dependent on importing the fuel .
If you consider the Bushehr reactor , that ’s what they did .
They bought the reactor from Russia , and they also bought the fuel for at least 10 years ” ( emphasis mine ) .
Assuming that the first part of Albright ’s response is correct ( which it is not ) , the second ( emphasized ) part is totally misleading .
Iran bought the fuel for the Bushehr reactor for 10 years because when it signed the agreement with Russia , it had no enrichment plant and it would take 10 years ( at the current pace ) to set up an industrial - scale enrichment plant with 50,000 centrifuges .
Albright continued , “ From our point of view , the best thing they can do is work out a solution with the international community so they can proceed with the nuclear electricity program and import the low - enriched uranium fuel that they need for those reactors ” ( emphasis mine ) .
In addition to suggesting that Iran should give up its rights under Article IV of the NPT , Albright makes one wonder whom he ’s talking about when he says “ our point of view . ”
If he is talking about himself and the ISIS , that is all right .
But if he considers himself part of the U.S. government , then he should stop all pretense of leading a scientific , impartial institution .
Albright and the ISIS continually publish analyses in which they insinuate preordained conclusions based on totally unrelated facts .
An example is a recent piece [ .pdf ] by Albright , Paul Brannan , and Andrea Scheel in which they described a network of companies that allegedly purchases items that cannot be exported to Iran .
There is not a single item in the analysis that has anything to do with Iran ’s nuclear program .
Even the authors do not make such a claim .
In another article [ .pdf ]
Albright et al. claimed Iran was “ illicitly ” procuring vacuum pumps for its uranium enrichment program .
No shred of evidence , no matter how flimsy or indirect , was presented for the claim .
Even a cursory check of Wikipedia indicates that there are at least 16 very different uses for such pumps ( Wikipedia does not list centrifuges as one of them ) , yet Albright and company declared that the purchase must have been for Iran ’s nuclear program .
Any reasonable expert would object to such analyses as utterly unscientific and based on sheer speculation .
One of the most contentious issues between Iran and the IAEA is a laptop that was supposedly stolen in Iran and given to the U.S. and which allegedly contains incriminating evidence of Iran ’s nuclear weapons program .
The IAEA has repeatedly called on the U.S. to allow it to give Iran copies of the laptop ’s documents .
The U.S. has refused .
The laptop has never been analyzed for its digital chain of custody to reveal the dates at which the documents were stored in it .
These are two crucial issues that go to the heart of the subject .
This brings us to last piece of the puzzle , namely , Albright ’s source at the IAEA .
Albright ’s contact at the IAEA , with whom he is “ extremely tight ” ( in the words of several sources ) , is Olli Heinonen , the IAEA ’s deputy director for safeguards , who is in charge of the current inspections in Iran .
Heinonen , whose Finnish nationality may lead people to believe that he is impartial , is leading a crusade against Iran .
He constantly acts outside the IAEA ’s protocol by leaking sensitive information to the press and spreading unproven allegations about Iran ’s nuclear program .
A February 2008 report by ElBaradei to the Board of Governors of the IAEA declared that Iran ’s six minor breaches of its Safeguards Agreement had been addressed to the IAEA ’s satisfaction and that the IAEA had a better understanding of the history of Iran ’s nuclear program .
Heinonen immediately made a presentation to the Board of Governors that was entirely based on the laptop , four years after the IAEA had obtained it , calling its contents “ alarming . ”
He expects the Iranian government to explain a document it has never seen .
The solution is straightforward : present copies of the documents to Iran and analyze the laptop ’s digital chain of custody .
But Albright has been silent about this issue .
Albright most likely knows that at least some of the documents were fabricated and inserted in the laptop and an analysis of the laptop ’s digital chain of custody would easily reveal that .
Albright certainly knows that , given the assassinations of Iranian scientists by hostile countries , Iranian experts would not carelessly reveal the names of important personnel in a memo the laptop supposedly contains .
But Albright has kept silent , because if he says anything about the issue that Heinonen does not like , he may lose his source .
Heinonen is “ tight ” with Albright because he realizes that leaking information to a former weapons inspector and his “ scientific institution ” to present it to the public gives it a veneer of legitimacy .
There might be yet another factor in play .
Many times in the past , Albright claimed that Iran could not reach certain milestones because it lacked the scientific capabilities .
Time and again he was proven wrong .
In fact , Western experts just have a hard time accepting that Iran , a nation that has been under the most severe sanctions by the U.S. for over two decades , has succeeded in setting up a complete indigenous cycle for producing nuclear fuel .
As I told William Broad and David Sanger of the New York Times in an article that was published March 5 , 2006 , “ [ W ] e’ve made mistakes in underestimating the strength of science in Iran and the ingenuity they show in working with whatever crude design they get their hands on . ”
Is David Albright not developing uncanny similarities to Judith Miller ?
It would be a pity if he is , because he can contribute much to the debate on Iran ’s nuclear program , provided that he does not sacrifice objectivity for the sake of having a source at the IAEA  and a discredited one at that .
Religion is among the most volatile and divisive issues in the world today .
Yet there ’s little serious investigation into why people believe , or why some will kill and die for their faith .
Larry Beinhart , in his new novel , Salvation Boulevard -- and this series of articles -- is hoping to start a conversation about these issues .
This is the third in the series ; the first two can be read here and here .
*****
When we hear or use the words " belief " and " believe , " we tend to jump to the top of the chain of complexity .
The home of grand cathedrals , ornate mosques , colorful rituals and long , sacred texts .
However , belief , as a psychological mechanism , is much simpler .
We need to make decisions in order to act .
To make decisions , we seek information .
Food / not food .
Safe / dangerous .
Easy / hard .
Friend / foe .
Pretty drapes that go with our color scheme / ugly ones that do n’t .
We never know 100 percent about anything .
There ’s always an information gap between ourselves and certainty .
When we get into a car , we do n’t " know " that a tire wo n’t blow , that a speeding garbage truck wo n’t sideswipe us , that the bridge across the river wo n’t fail .
But we ca n’t afford the time and energy and effort that it would take to get all that knowledge .
If , in reality , it is all getable .
Yet , we still need to get to the elementary school to pick up our children .
To the office , to the grocery .
To the water hole where the game might be .
We have a psychological mechanism that bridges the gap between the knowledge we do n’t have and the need to feel certain enough to act : belief .
You believe the car will work .
And that your driving ability is sufficient to cope with the trials and tribulations that stand between you and Nancy Reagan Elementary School , where -- you believe -- your 7 - year - old will soon be ready for pickup .
We " believe " in thousands , millions , of things , every day .
Belief is a standard , normal , useful and necessary function of our minds .
Belief in Things That Are False
The sun rises .
The sun sets .
Except , of course , that it does n’t .
For most of human history , people did n’t know it was an illusion .
The earth is flat :
If you sail too far , you ’ll fall of the edge .
Fairies
Actual people , grown - ups , educated grown - ups who had gone to universities like Oxford and had medical degrees , have believed in fairies .
In 1917 , two girls in England put paper cutouts of fairies in their garden shrubbery , took photos of them , and people -- led by the famous Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , the creator of Sherlock Holmes -- were convinced the fairies were real .
Color
I ’m on my brown deck , looking over the blue - gray patio , to the green trees and yellow apples .
There ’s a red iPod and a multicolored magazine on the table .
It seems self - evident that there is color in the world .
But there is n’t .
There are electromagnetic waves of different lengths that bounce off of , or are absorbed by , different materials .
Through evolution , animal and human minds acquired a way of " seeing " that happen , and , a great way to sort it out .
Instead of " seeing " a multitude of minute wavy lines , we translate it into an analog code -- colors .
It ’s the original of Homeland Security alerts .
Inertia
It seems pretty obvious that things slow down and come to a stop -- your car , the ball you hit , yourself -- unless something keeps pushing or pulling .
That ’s what almost everyone thought from whenever thinking first started , until Galileo came along .
He said it was the opposite .
Left to themselves , things will keep going unless something stops them .
Newton codified the concept as his first law of motion : " Every object in a state of uniform motion tends to remain in that state of motion unless an external force is applied to it . "
Magic
" In April 1819 , the British colony on the Cape , Grahamstown , was menaced by a large Xhosan army .
The Xhosan prophet , Nxele , had promised the Xhosan king , Ndlambe , the ability to turn white men's bullets to water .
Due to the mystic 's promise , the Xhosan army was ordered into harm 's way and engaged the British colonial army in a rare pitched battle .
Believing in the powerful magic of Nxele , they advanced in massed columns against their enemy .
The British , lined up in formation , opened a withering fire with their muskets and artillery and decimated the Xhosan ranks , led personally by Nxele . ”
-- Richard Petraitis , " Bullets Into Water : The Sorcerers of Africa , " REALL Newsletter v.6
Belief in magic is a human universal .
Fortunetellers , entrails readers and omen consultants have been advisers to generals and kings .
At other times they have been condemned .
The Code of Ur- Nammu ( ca. 2100 B.C. ) is the oldest set of laws that we actually have a copy of .
One of them is :
If a man is accused of sorcery , he must undergo ordeal by water ; if he is proved innocent , his accuser must pay 3 shekels .
In 1401 , a British Act of Parliament made the penalty for witchcraft and divination to be burned at the stake .
With the advent of science , supernatural claims were put to the test .
It became obvious fairly quickly that nobody was able to demonstrate an act of actual magic , psychic ability ( without " natural " information or fraud ) , or to forecast the future ( better than at random or through natural reason ) .
In 1735 , the British passed a new witchcraft law .
This time it treated the people who claimed to have such powers as con artists and reduced the penalty accordingly .
People still read their horoscopes , go to psychics and consult palmists .
Many believe quite fervently .
Nonetheless , if someone gets money out of someone else based on a promise of psychic or magic abilities , it is treated in law as fraud .
Belief , in and of itself , is a normal and necessary mental function .
It ’s utilitarian , functional and usually quite mundane .
False beliefs are frequent , common and widespread .
Often , they ’re even universal .
Belief in God
Belief in God -- working with the hypothesis that it ’s a false belief -- seems significantly different from the examples above .
Religious beliefs are sometimes described as magical thinking .
But magic is case specific .
A magic action has -- one thinks or expects or hopes -- one magic effect , which can be countered , by countermagic .
It can also , as in the case of the Xhosa , be shown to not work .
Belief in prayer , or in a specific prayer , can be considered magical thinking , but not religious faith itself .
God is all there , all the time .
He working everything , whether he ’s invoked or not .
He can not be countered , and he cannot fail .
Belief in God is a vastly more important belief .
It affects a wider and deeper range of choices and of behavior .
It goes to identity .
Whereas magic operates outside of and against identity -- it goes to a person ’s worldview .
Magic is an aberration , a violation , that breaks with the rest of the natural world .
Many people think that belief in God is based on evidence .
They ’ve seen and heard him .
Or felt his presence .
If not personally , then they know of many others who have had such experiences .
There ’s far better and far more frequent " evidence " that the sun is traveling around us .
We see it happen daily .
Yet almost everyone in the world is willing to accept that what we see is based on an illusion .
Even that the illusion is caused by something that we cannot perceive .
That the earth , which feels so solid and still beneath our feet -- another illusion , is actually spinning around .
More often , the case for God is based on inference .
" Oh look , what an amazing , wonderful world .
And see how it all fits together , more intricately than a Swiss watch , but a million , million times more complicated , it must have taken one heck of a Great Watchmaker !
There ’s no other way to account for it ! "
This is , in fact , a very normal thing to do .
We have lots and lots of theories that involve things we ca n’t " see , " that create a whole story to explain the effects that we do see .
Evolution is one .
We have theories that claim the existence of things we do n’t understand .
From Newton , right up to the present , nobody knows what gravity actually is .
There are theories about things that are a lot stranger than God , who is , after all , a lot like a human -- with the same sort of values , standards , practices , consciousness -- just bigger and better .
People commonly say that God moves in mysterious ways , but not nearly as mysteriously as things move according to quantum theory .
I think it is safe to say that no one understands quantum mechanics .
Do not keep saying to yourself , if you can possibly avoid it , " But how can it possibly be like that ? "
Because you will go down the drain into a blind alley from which nobody has yet escaped .
Nobody knows how it can be like that .
-- Richard Feynman
The more success the quantum theory has , the sillier it looks .
-- Albert Einstein
Anyone who is not shocked by quantum mechanics has not fully understood it .
-- Niels Bohr
So how do we sort out weird theories -- including those about invisible things , those with big , gaping holes , and those that involve strange , inexplicable ideas -- and pick the ones that we accept and reject others ?
We play a game called " If … Then … "
We take whatever observations we have .
Then we make up a story that " explains " it .
Once we have a story , we say , " If this story is true , then things should happen in a certain way . "
It is often stated that of all the theories proposed in this century , the silliest is quantum theory .
In fact , some say that the only thing quantum theory has going for it is that it is unquestionably correct .
-- Michio Kaku
What Kaku means by that is , if you plug in quantum equations , then make a prediction , it works .
If you imagine a mystery force called gravity -- without being able to describe what it is or how it works -- you can plug in Newton ’s equations and then discover that it works every time .
The same is true with evolution .
Whatever the gaps , however incredible it seems , if you proceed on the assumption that it ’s real , then everything else in biology works with it .
The opposite is true with theories of God .
If God tells the truth and there ’s nothing wrong with the chain of evidence , then there should be no contradictions within sacred texts .
But there are .
If God made the world in seven days , from the rock itself to humans , then the geological , fossil and historical records should reflect that .
If God created a flood that covered the whole world , then there should be physical evidence that reflects that .
If the sun stood still in the sky , then it must be moving around the earth .
This could go on for pages .
And it ’s true of other sacred texts as well .
The point of all this is that we will drop perfectly obvious , commonsense ideas ( the sun goes around the earth ) in favor of truly weird ideas ( the earth beneath us is spinning ) when there are things they do n’t account for ( fails some if - then tests ) and the new idea satisfies the if - then tests , but that we do n’t do it with religious ideas .
If we are going to work on the assumption that God is a false belief , we still have to acknowledge that it has a special status in the world of false beliefs .
It is not only broader and more profound , it is stronger and has a special hold on people .
Any theory of why we believe has to account for those qualities .
This is part of a series on God , Religion , Faith and such .
The next one will propose a theory of Why We Believe in God .
_______
Acupuncture and Sushi : A New Combination
In an effort to produce the most delicious sushi in the world , the Japanese are now using acupuncture to calm the dying tuna who will experience a new but short afterlife as sushi .
The Osakana Planning Company is responsible for developing and patenting this special acupuncture technique .
The idea behind it is that calm tuna results in purer blood and better tasting flesh .
Once the fish have received the brief treatment , they thrash about less in their death throes .
â€ œThe tuna do not need to be dosed with chemicals to keep them tasting fresh during transportation .
The company plans to begin testing acupuncture on salmon as well .
With their costs rising every day , Japanese fishermen cannot compete in these markets any more .
This is about giving them the chance to give the fish they catch added value , â€ said Toshiro Urabe , the president of the company located in Osaka , Japan .
Although the special treatment was exhibited at the International Japan Seafood Show , exactly where the needles are inserted in the fish remains a trade secret .
Maybe the tuna know but they are not telling .
What is â€œouchâ€ in tuna speak ?
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Supervisor Chis Daly has yet another meme in the works : new rent laws .
Three of them , in fact .
The first one would bar landlords from increasing rent to more than one - third of a
This guy actually gets two for the price of one ....
A study just published in the journal CyberPsychology and Behavior has reviewed all of the available scientific studies on internet addiction and found them to be mostly crap .
And not just slightly lacking , really pretty awful .
To quote from the research summary :
The analysis showed that previous studies have utilized inconsistent criteria to define Internet addicts , applied recruiting methods that may cause serious sampling bias , and examined data using primarily exploratory rather than confirmatory data analysis techniques to investigate the degree of association rather than causal relationships among variables .
Rather disappointingly though , the authors just suggest that better research is needed when it ’s quite obvious that the whole concept is fundamentally flawed .
So badly flawed that it ’s a logical fallacy , a category error , in fact .
To revisit the point , the internet is a medium of communication and it is not possible to be addicted to a medium of communication because the medium does not specify an activity .
It ’s like saying someone is a ‘ language addict ’ or is ‘ addicted ’ to transport .
It just makes no sense .
Unfortunately , none of the so - called diagnostic scales or indeed , researchers , actually get this point , so it ’s perfectly possible to be diagnosed with internet addiction if you ’re putting in a lot of long - stressful hours running a business .
If you use the internet to communicate with your employees that is .
If , on the other hand , you ’re putting in a lot of long - stressful hours running a business and you use an alternative medium of communication , then you ’re not an internet addict .
Same motivations , same emotional impact , same psychological effect .
But if you use the internet you have a mental illness , and if you do n’t , well , you do n’t .
You can switch ‘ running a business ’ for anything that is stressful , preoccupying and intrusive ( following a sports team perhaps ) and if you use the internet as a tool , you ’re diagnosable .
At least with the current methods – which , it turns out , are not even based on even a semblance of scientific reliability .
This is not to say that there are n’t people who use the internet excessively to the detriment of themselves and their families .
But there are people who follow football in a similarly problematic way , and people who spend too much time going to folk concerts , and people who ca n’t tear themselves away from the stock market .
This does n’t make them addicts and the sooner we stop trying to apply addiction to people as a clumsy way to trying to avoid the language of blame the quicker we can tackle their social and emotional difficulties in a more relevant and appropriate way .
There ’s a good write - up from Dr Shock and another on PsychCentral both of which I recommend as antidotes to the internet addiction foolishness .
Link to study .
Link to DOI entry for same .
I recently visited a cell site shared by Clearwire and two other unnamed carriers — without frying my nuts .
We 've all driven past them so many times , but have you ever actually wondered how they work ?
Advertisement
How They Work
Whether it 's handling simple phone calls or 12 M bps WiMax data , cell sites are organized with more or less the same flow :
• A cellphone or modem radios the nearest towers , saying , basically , " I 'm here ! "
When you make a call or logon , your phone then sends a message via radio that 's picked up by the antenna array .
Advertisement
• A wire or fiberoptic line carries the call down to the wireless access point , connected to a multi - port switch .
• The call , along with many others , gets routed to a backhaul , usually down to an underground wired T1 or T3 line , but sometimes back up the mast to a powerful line - of - sight wireless microwave antenna .
They resort to wireless either when they do n't have a ground connection , or when the ground connection sucks .
• The incoming call or data comes back from the backhaul and up through the switch to the antenna , where it then hits your phone wirelessly , presuming your phone is still communicating with the same site .
If you are moving , then there 's a handoff — a new but more or less identical cell site transmits the data to your phone , once your phone checks in and says " I 'm here . "
All of this happens in the blink of an eye .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Gear
Clearwire , who gave me the tour of the cell site during my WiMax test run , is a new company , only just now deploying their network , one that is only focused on data , and not on voice calls .
This means they do n't have a bunch of sites already established like other carriers ( though their recent acquisition by Sprint may change this ) .
But it also means their cellular gear is modern and compact compared to the others .
Advertisement
For instance , the carrier whose name probably starts with A keeps its gear in a bunker like the Endor moon one that Han Solo & Co. were trying to bust into in Jedi .
The backup batteries must be enormous , because there 's a sign on the door that says , " Danger - Corrosive Liquids - Wear Protective Equipment . "
Clearwire , by comparison , has a high - school locker for its gear — one that is built somewhere else and just trucked to the location .
You attach it to the on - site power , run lines and antennas up the mast , and either bolt the sucker to a cement foundation or to the side of a steel post , and voila , you are done .
It uses two car batteries for its backup power — enough juice to last six hours and they do n't have to wear a hazmat suit to service it .
( It can also run off of a portable generator . )
Advertisement
In this particular site , the carrier whose name may start with a V had a set of three larger lockers , not the huge bunker that its competitor had , but a serious array nonetheless .
As you probably guessed , each carrier locks up its own facility , so I was n't at liberty to fully inspect the other guys ' gear — or even confirm their identities .
Advertisement
Clearwire also runs skinny fiberoptics up to the top of the tower , instead of the thick insulated copper cables that the old boys ' networks run .
Again , this has more to do with newness than simple common sense , but it may mean cell towers could be a little slimmer in the future .
Advertisement
So what happens up top ?
The real demystification was the antenna array itself .
I for one did not know a lot about how things were set up , and now I know a tiny bit more , which I will share :
• The huge antenna masts can have multiple carriers , each with its own triangular platform and antenna array .
Advertisement
• The reason the platforms are triangular is so the 360 - degree coverage can be split into 120 - degree pie pieces , which — if you look closely — can be subdivided again into 40 - degree slices for increased , pinpointed coverage .
• If there 's a white disk - shaped antenna among the array , it means that the carrier has a line - of - sight microwave backhaul .
Clearwire 's can handle 80 M bps at the moment , but must be directly in line with another microwave antenna .
( Speaking of fried nuts , I would n't want to stand between two of those . )
Advertisement
Do n't forget to read our exclusive uncapped WiMax road test — featuring blistering wireless speeds !
About SUSPS
Contact Us
Site map
SUSPS ' mission is to change Sierra Club population policy so that it once again comprehensively addresses U.S. population growth .
We encourage you to vote for Sierra Club Board candidates who support the Club addressing the root cause of U.S. population growth .
No to racism , Yes to environmentalism We support U.S. population stabilization purely for ecological reasons .
This requires we reduce both birth rates and migration to the U.S. to sustainable levels .
Unending population growth and increasing levels of consumption together are the root causes of the vast majority of our environmental problems , as is the case in many other countries .
As environmentalists , we in SUSPS are fully aware of the value of biodiversity .
An ecosystem is healthier when it has a wide variety of animal and plant species .
Similarly , we see value in ethnic and cultural diversity .
A nation with human diversity is better able to survive crises , and it benefits from the creativity that diversity inspires .
We are shocked and repulsed by the actions and statements of Neo - Nazis , xenophobes and racists of any kind .
We repudiate any support from people who have racial motives for reducing immigration .
Racists and their offensive ideas and actions have no place in modern civilized society .
SUSPS ® is a network of Sierra Club activists who support a comprehensive approach to environmentalism within the Sierra Club .
This approach includes effective action for population stabilization in the United States .
Currently Sierra Club policies call for stabilizing U.S. population but do not address the combined impacts of mass migration and birth rates on U.S. population growth .
Our vision for environmentalism , however , does not stop at our nation 's borders .
It also includes educating women worldwide to achieve lower birth rates , lowering consumption levels in industrialized and developing nations , and protecting national parks and the world 's remaining wild spaces from exploitation and development .
While we do not represent the views of the Sierra Club itself , a large proportion of Club members have voted for our past initiative proposals .
For more information see SUSPS ' Statement of Principles and information about SUSPS .
Only the Chair(s ) of SUSPS , spokespersons designated by the Chair(s ) of SUSPS , and this web site are authorized to present SUSPS views and positions or otherwise speak on behalf of SUSPS .
Any other person claiming to represent or speak for SUSPS has no standing to present such information .
We encourage Sierra Club members to sign up with SUSPS in order to support our efforts .
If you are not a Sierra Club member , please sign up with SUSPS and also join the Sierra Club to support our efforts in the annual Spring election .
This website and materials contained herein are not sponsored by , nor affiliated with , the Sierra Club .
Opinions expressed on this website are those of SUSPS .
Website by Fred Elbel .
Using only one common chemical , completely remove the zinc core from a modern US penny , leaving just a thin ...
Using only one common chemical , completely remove the zinc core from a modern US penny , leaving just a thin copper shell !
An amazingly simple , cheap , and stunning experiment .
Sure to impress your friends and family .
If you would like to see more videos like this one from ARC Science , please leave a comment below !
Thanks , and enjoy !
Looking at the current trends within programming languages targeted at the .NET platform specifically , a few things are showing up at the horizon .
During PDC2008 many of Microsoft ’s thoughts around .NET and programming languages were revealed , which makes it interesting to look into the future of .
NET .
The .NET platform started with C# and VB.NET running on the Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) .
The CLR is an implementation of the Common Language Infrastructure ( CLI ) specification .
The CLI specification can be implemented by anyone wanting to create a new language , allowing developers to choose from a broad set of programming languages .
On December 10th 2008 Microsoft released version 0.9 of the Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) built on top of the CLR , allowing language developers to create dynamic languages for the .NET platform as well .
Some of these languages are developed and maintained by Microsoft , like C# , VB.NET and F# , but most of them are being created in the community as open - source projects .
Some of the better known open - source languages are IronPython , IronRuby ( both dynamic ) and Boo ( static ) .
The two first ones are actively being developed at Microsoft as open source projects and are based on the two existing languages , Python and Ruby .
Boo has been around since 2003 , created by Rodrigo B. De Oliveira and is still actively being developed .
You can find a more complete list of .NET languages in Wikipedia .
To find out where the .NET languages are headed , the natural first place to look is to what Anders Hejlsberg ( creator of C# ) says about the future of C# .
In the previous versions of C# Microsoft focused on Managed Code ( C# 1.0 ) , Generics ( C# 2.0 ) and then Language Integrated Queries ( LINQ ) ( C# 3.0 ) .
Looking forward to C# 4.0 , coming soon with Visual Studio 2010 , the main focus is Dynamic programming .
In his talk at PDC2008 , Anders spoke about current language trends :
I think they fall into three large buckets .
The first one being this move that we see toward more declarative styles of programming .
The next one being the sort of resurgence we ’ve seen over the last few years over dynamic programming languages and how that influences us , and then last but not least the coming multi core inflection point if you will .
…
The thing that to me is interesting about these trends is that , the über trend of it all if you will , is that I think the classical taxonomy of programming languages are starting to break down .
Where we traditionally would categorize a language to be object oriented , functional , dynamic or structured , we ’re increasingly seeing languages borrowing from each other .
I really think the new paradigm in a sense is multi paradigm .
This explains why C# has elements of Declarative programming ( LINQ ) and Dynamic programming ( the dynamic keyword in C# 4.0 ) .
In an earlier interview with Anders and Guy Steele about concurrency and language design , Anders points out that :
We already have an existing programming language called C# and now concurrency is happening to us , so now we got to think about what that means .
I think a lot of the work with C# 3.0 and LINQ is pretty relevant to the concurrency phenomenon .
Like having things like lambda expressions and the other stuff that we ’ve added , makes it possible to build higher order kinds of API ’s .
…
We ’re sort of lacking mechanisms in the language to control side effects or to call attention to them .
It would sure be nice to have language support for pure functions and a formalization of immutable data , and possibly support for isolation in some form where you can in the compiler reason about whether an object has been revealed to anybody else .
As long as it has n’t and you ’re dealing with it in a local variable then it is actually safe to mutate .
In relation to concurrency there is a project going on at Microsoft called the Parallel Computing Initiative .
S. Somasegar , Senior Vice President Developer Division , in a Q&A paper , recently talked about what to expect in Visual Studio 2010 :
This will include new .
NET Framework libraries such as the Task Parallel Library ( TPL ) and Parallel LINQ ( PLINQ ) , as well as the Parallel Pattern Library ( PPL ) and Concurrency Runtime for developing native applications with C++ and parallel profiling and debugging tools .
Microsoft is also making ongoing investments in the .NET Framework through the addition of new functionality in Windows Communication Foundation ( WCF ) and Windows Workflow Foundation ( WF ) .
This project is a natural place for Microsoft to get feedback on which changes are needed on the .NET programming languages in order to easier support concurrency .
Moore ’s law is still applicable for transistor density , but not for CPU speed ( GHz ) , so the need to go parallel will not go away .
Of course , Microsoft knows this and has some major challenges to solve together with the other language implementers working in the same space .
More likely this will be the next step for languages like C# .
Talking about programming languages on the .NET platform often brings up the topic of VB.
NET vs. C#. Anders talks about a Co-Evolution between C# and VB.
NET :
… when we try to do a different feature in one , the other group wants it too .
The reality is that co-evolution is the right way to evolve these languages .
To conclude , there is no doubt that concurrency will be the next big thing .
Dynamic coding possibilities will show up in C# 4.0 , but one would expect more to come in future versions .
VB.NET is promised to co-evolve with C# , allowing the two languages to be syntactically different but give the same output .
There will be a much greater availability of dynamic languages to the main stream in the coming years with the DLR shipping with Visual Studio 2010 and with the availability of IronPython and IronRuby .
photo © 2009 Mr. Dutch Ghetto
These Chocolate Nut Toffee Bars are a sticky decadent treat .
They are easy to make and , for the adventurous , the recipe easily lends itself to experimentation .
Substitute any and all of the filling ingredients at will .
Add coconut , marshmallows , any type of nut or cereal — just as long as you do n’t overflow the pan .
Chocolate Nut Toffee Bars
Preheat the oven to 350 °F .
Grease and line an 8 - inch square pan with parchment paper so that the paper hangs over the sides .
Crust
1½ c. Oats
½ c. Graham cracker crumbs
½ tsp. Salt
½ c. Unsalted butter – melted
Filling
1 c. Skor or Heath toffee bits
1 c. Halved Pecans
1 c. Semi -sweet chocolate chips
1 - 2 c. sliced almonds
1 can Sweetened condensed milk
Combine ingredients for the crust in a bowl and mix thoroughly .
Press mixture in to the lined and greased 8×8 pan .
Sprinkle the toffee bits on top of the crust to form a layer .
Make another layer with the halved pecans and another on top of that with the chocolate chips .
Top with the sliced almonds so the almonds mostly cover the chocolate chip layer .
Pour the can of sweetened condensed milk evenly over the top — it will sink in .
Bake at 350° for 30 - 40 minutes until the almonds are golden brown .
Let cool to room temperature before removing from the pan .
It may take 3 or 4 hours .
Cut in to squares .
Eat and enjoy .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in food / recipes , Photography
Tags : chocolate , cookies , recipe , toffee bars
They ’re being forced to live on crumbs , so nuns at a Hollywood convent famous for its pumpkin bread are warning that they may have to slice up the place for development .
The threat of a shutdown of the 75 - year - old Monastery of the Angels below the Hollywood sign has prompted neighbors and supporters to mount a campaign to save the four - acre religious retreat .
The volunteers say they may turn to the nuns ’ moist and fragrant pumpkin bread to help make up a cash shortfall that has slashed the monastery ’s operating budget by more than 70 % .
Twenty cloistered nuns live at the monastery , at Carmen Avenue and Gower Street .
They devote most of their day to prayer but allocate three hours each morning to work .
Advertisement
That ’s when they bake their signature pumpkin bread , which is sold by the loaf alongside homemade candy in the monastery ’s tiny gift shop .
Proceeds are applied to the retreat ’s $ 1.2 - million yearly operating budget .
But the slumping economy has reduced gift shop revenue by 35 % , slowed donations and put some anticipated bequests in jeopardy .
At the same time , the Wall Street meltdown has cut revenue from investment interest by 70 % , nuns say .
That has prompted them to post notices announcing that “ our monastery is in serious financial trouble , running the risk that these four acres ” will be “ turned into a condominium or a mall or worse . ”
There is no proposal currently on the table to raze the monastery -- but the nun ’s alarming warning is prompting some neighbors to action .
Advertisement
“ They are humble , devoted women whose peaceful little organization is threatened .
It ’s a sad situation , ” said Kathy McGarrity , a West Los Angeles resident who has visited the monastery for 20 years .
Hollywood Hills resident Norma Foster has formed a five - member committee of financial and religious fundraising experts to create a rescue plan for the nuns who she considers to be good neighbors and an important part of the Hollywood fabric .
Foster is a film and television producer who is credited with saving the Hollywood Bowl Easter Sunrise Service from being taken over seven years ago in a controversial move by an Orange County televangelist .
This year she scrambled with others to overcome economic pressure so this weekend ’s Easter event can be staged Sunday morning .
The monastery ’s fiscal problems are unrelated to economic problems facing the Archdiocese of Los Angeles because of molestation case settlements , said Foster , who is Presbyterian .
Advertisement
“ There ’s a lot of support for the nuns in this neighborhood .
They ’re an amazing part of the community .
They are really the heart of Hollywood , ” she said .
Part of the strategy is to capitalize on the nuns ’ pumpkin bread prowess .
So far , the group has raised money for new mixers , and Foster plans to confer with groups such as Los Angeles ’ nonprofit Homeboy Industries to provide additional bakers so the $ 9 loaves can be sold at more outlets .
She also hopes to resurrect a now dormant women ’s guild and organize a new men ’s support group .
For decades after its founding in 1924 , ongoing fundraising garden parties and bridge teas by prominent Los Angeles residents helped finance its operation .
Some of the biggest names in Los Angeles society -- Doheny , Von der Ahe , Cuyler , Brunswig , Murphy , Dockweiler , Van de Kamp , Del Amo , Hancock -- took part in the fashion shows and dessert parties .
By the 1940s top Hollywood performers such as Don Ameche and Bing Crosby were frequent participants in the fundraisers .
Advertisement
It was this support that allowed nuns in 1934 to buy a sprawling estate that had belonged to pioneering copper mine owner Joseph Giroux .
“ Everything in the place was copper , right down to the doorknobs and bathtub , ” recalled Sister Mary Raymond , who has been cloistered in the monastery for 61 years and now serves as its prioress , or mother superior .
The copper fittings and furnishings were sold when the old mansion was demolished to make way for permanent monastery buildings
These days , those living a simple monastic life are cutting back even more .
“ I ’ve tightened everyone ’s belt , ” said Sister Mary Raphael , a senior member who joined the order at age 18 .
Like others in the monastery , she and Sister Mary Raymond are in their 80s now .
As with fundraising , recruiting younger members for the order is difficult -- although it ’s never been easy , they acknowledged .
Advertisement
The city was abuzz in 1946 when a top professional Ice Follies skater , 22 - year - old Stella Consigli , gave up the rink to take her vows at the monastery .
But after three or four years , Sister Mary Gertrude , as Consigli was called , left the convent .
“ It ’s not an easy life .
It ’s a special vocation .
What you do one day is what you do everyday for the rest of your life , ” Sister Mary Raphael said .
But that may be what gives the 18,000 loaves of pumpkin bread the nuns bake yearly the consistency that loyal customers have come to expect .
Advertisement
City Councilman Tom LaBonge is a fan .
He buys loaves by the dozen to give to people being honored by the city on special occasions .
“ I believe in the separation of church and state , but not church and community , ” he said .
--
bob.pool@latimes.com
You 've been getting annual blood tests to check for prostate cancer .
But two big studies in the New England Journal of Medicine just found that screening for PSA -- prostate specific antigen -- does n't save many lives .
Should you keep checking it ?
Your biopsy was negative for prostate cancer but your PSA keeps rising .
Should you stop worrying -- or have another biopsy ?
You 've been diagnosed with early - stage prostate cancer .
It 's probably harmless , but it could turn lethal .
Should you just watch it or treat it aggressively and run the risk of impotence or incontinence ?
Prostate cancer poses some of the most vexing questions in medicine , and one out of every six men in the U.S. will confront them at some point in their lives .
Today 's Health Journal is the first of a two - part series that aims to provide some guidance .
This article looks at new diagnostic techniques that may help to resolve some of these quandaries .
Next week we 'll examine the perplexing array of treatment options and weigh the pros and cons of each .
Should You Be Screened ?
For all the uproar they created , the recent NEJM studies settled little in the long - running debate over whether prostate - cancer screening is worthwhile .
Last year , more than 6000 murders were committed linked directly to the drug war in Mexico – which was two times the number from the previous year .
Kidnappings , beheadings and other atrocities are on the rise in Mexico involving not just drug addicts , but innocent bystanders , police officers , judges , and other government officials .
Of course , because of the proximity of the United States to Mexico there is a fear that the violence will spread to our soil .
Based on news reports this week , the fears are more than justified as they soon may become a reality .
According to the National Drug Intelligence Center ( NDIC ) Mexican drug cartels have a distribution network that involves at least 230 U.S. cities .
Recent arrests by American law enforcement of Mexican drug traffickers in California , Minnesota , Maryland and Stow , Ohio indicate the threat is nationwide and located in urban as well as rural areas .
The NDIC believes the Mexican cartels are “ the greatest drug trafficking threat to the U.S. as they control most of the U.S. drug market and have established varied transportation routes , advanced communications capabilities and strong affiliations with gangs in the United States ” .
Because the drugs being distributed are illegal , other illegal activity accompanies their distribution .
There has been an increase in police discoveries of grenades , and other military - style weaponry headed for Mexico in the U.S.
The Phoenix police are inundated with reports of home break - ins , hostage takings , and kidnappings .
Last year , the Maricopa County attorney 's office said such cases rose to 241 from 48 in 2004 .
Many of the incidents involve heavily armed assailants with survival and huge profits on their minds .
It is clear that the situation on our streets is about to spiral out of control unless something different from current policy is done .
The Mexican drug cartels effectively use their huge drug profits to arm and supply illegal immigrants and established gangs in the U.S. to carry out their trade .
As the economies of both Mexico and the U.S. continue to deteriorate from the worldwide economic crisis the labor pool for the cartels will expand as individuals seek new ways to feed their families .
Illegal immigration from Mexico will skyrocket even more .
Money for drug interdiction and crime prevention will be short as localities already feeling the pinch of the economic crisis go broke and Washington is paralyzed by the need to fund with a bankrupt treasury so many other needs in the nation .
With high profits from the illegal trade in the U.S. , cartels will make our neighborhoods into battle zones .
Left with little help from the government , Americans will increasingly be forced to take the law into their own hands .
They will be no match for the well - financed , ridiculously armed thugs that will roam our streets .
But , America does have the ability to prevent this scenario .
First , we must bring home the hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops serving abroad to protect the country they swore an oath to protect .
This not only will save Washington hundreds of billions of dollars annually , but their services are needed to maintain the integrity of our border with Mexico and keep the bad guys out .
Second , the federal government should repeal all drug prohibition laws and leave the matter to the states where it belongs under the 10th Amendment .
The Obama Administration is to be commended for announcing this week that federal raids on medical marijuana facilities in the various states will be stopped .
This is a great first step , but more needs to be done .
Ultimately the people , through their state lawmakers , must decide what regulations on drugs are appropriate for their state .
As some states legalize currently illegal drugs and experience a decline in violence other states will follow .
Making illicit drugs legal will eliminate the profit bonanzas of the cartels and destroy incentives for illegal immigrants and gangs to terrorize our neighborhoods .
In June I wrote a post that beseeched American voters to consider a presidential candidate that would end the War on Drugs .
That did n't happen , but now faced with the largest economic crisis since the Great Depression and drug violence about to spill over into our country from Mexico perhaps President Obama will seize the moment and end a catastrophic policy that has senselessly ruined many lives , brought lawlessness and disorder to our streets , and threatens the very existence of our civil society .
====
as the below video shows , then presidential candidate barack obama said that " using medical marijuana in the same way and controls as other drugs prescribed by doctors , i think thats entirely appropriate " and " what i'am not going to be doing is using justice department resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue . "
however , on the day that attorney general eric holder spent his first full day in office , [ he was sworn in on tuesday , 03 february 2009 ] the drug enforcement administration raided four california medical marijuana dispensaries .
on wednesday , 25 february 2009 , attorney general holder and drug enforcement agency acting administrator , michele leonhart ( a bush holdover ) held a news conference to announce the results of " operation xcellerator , " a multi-agency law enforcement effort led by the dea targeting the mexican drug trafficking cartel known as the sinaloa cartel .
~ full press conference at
near the end of the news conference in the question and answer portion , a.g. holder was questioned about those controversial dea medicinal marijuana raids that occurred shortly after he took office : reporter : " on drugs policy , right after the inauguration there was some raids on california medical marijuana dispenciaries , was that a deliberate decision by you , by the justice department - the prediction of policy going forward , do you expect those sorts of raids to continue ... "
attorney general holder : " no ... " interrupted by reporter
reporter : " ... despite what the president said during the campaign ? "
attorney general holder : " well , what the president said during the campaign , you will be surprised to know will be consistent with what we will be doing here in law enforcement .
he was my boss during the campaign .
he is formally and technically and by law my boss now and so what he said during the campaign will and is now american policy . " while we wish that a.g. holder would have went further and said that the obama administration will honor states rights and all state law not just with respect to medical marijuana , we suppose that they have to start somewhere .
on wednesday , 25 february 2009 , attorney general holder and drug enforcement agency acting administrator , michele leonhart ( a bush holdover ) held a news conference to announce the results of " operation xcellerator , " a multi-agency law enforcement effort led by the dea targeting the mexican drug trafficking cartel known as the sinaloa cartel .
~ full press conference at c-span or google video here near the end of the news conference in the question and answer portion , a.g. holder was questioned about those controversial dea medicinal marijuana raids that occurred shortly after he took office : while we wish that a.g. holder would have went further and said that the obama administration will honor states rights and all state law not just with respect to medical marijuana , we suppose that they have to start somewhere .
click here to download forty - one page .pdf [ 267 kb ]
excerpts :
groundbreaking legislation that would tax and regulate marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol .
The Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education act ( AB 390 ) would create a regulatory structure similar to that used for beer , wine and liquor , permitting taxed sales to adults while barring sales to or possession by those under 21 .
" I support this legislation because I feel this issue should be the subject of legislative and public debate , " said current San Francisco Sheriff Mike Hennessey .
Orange County Superior Court Judge ( retired ) James P. Gray added , " Assemblymember Ammiano is to be applauded in addressing this critical issue honestly and directly . "
" Marijuana already plays a huge role in the California economy .
It ’s a revenue opportunity we quite simply can’t afford to ignore any longer , " said Stephen Gutwillig , California state director for the Drug Policy Alliance .
" It ’s time to end the charade of marijuana prohibition , regulate the $ 14 billion market , and redirect law enforcement resources to more important matters .
Assemblymember Ammiano has done the state an enormous service by breaking the silence on this commonsense solution . "
" It is simply nonsensical that California 's largest agricultural industry is completely unregulated and untaxed , " said Marijuana Policy Project California policy director Aaron Smith .
" With our state in an ongoing fiscal crisis -- and no one believes the new budget is the end of California 's financial woes -- it 's time to bring this major piece of our economy into the light of day . " source in the meantime , california assemblymember , tom ammiano , introduced his assembly bill no .
390 which according to to the press release from his official website is : excerpts :
View Transcript
Transcript
Catbert : Evil Director of Human Resources Catbert says , " Being evil used to mean something . "
Catbert says , " These days I can cut salaries by 10 % and people will thank me for not firing them ! "
The boss says , " So you want to help me eat employee lunches from the break room fridge ? "
Catbert says , " I 'd like that . "
Over the weekend , I put Windows 7 build 7000 on my desktop and Windows 7 build 7057 on my laptop , and went through trying to spot as many changes between the two as I could .
Although I go deeper than I did with build 7048 , this is still not a comprehensive list .
There is almost three months difference between the two builds : the beta was compiled on December 12 , 2008 , at 2:00 pm and the leaked build 7057 was compiled on March 5 , 2009 , at 8:00 pm , so there 's a lot of work to cover .
This post is about tracking every noticeable visual change ; although I do mention some fixes here and there , I 'm mainly focusing on tweaks that are " tangible " as opposed to the thousands of bugs that have been fixed .
As before , the screenshots are lined up like this : build 7000 on the left and build 7057 on the right , or build 7000 above and build 7057 below .
Also , remember that the " Send Feedback " link has been removed in build 7057 , so that 's an easy way to remember if there is a window title bar visible .
Before I get going , I want to underline the by - far most important change in build 7057 .
It 's not a critical bug fix ; it 's not even a brand - spanking - new feature .
It 's the expiration date .
As you can see in the screenshot above , build 7057 expires March 1 , 2010 .
What this means is that Microsoft is getting very close to readying the Release Candidate build .
Very close in fact , but as you 'll see , it 's not quite there yet .
Getting Started
You may only see this dialog window once or twice , but Microsoft wants to get it right .
The Vista - like ( Aurora ) background has been replaced with a light blue one that we 've seen on Windows.com .
All the text has been changed as well .
" Find out what 's new in Windows 7 " is now " Go online to find out what 's new in Windows 7 " and " See more new features " is now " Go online to learn more . "
Furthermore , the " Learn more about new Windows 7 features " has been replaced with two bullets :
Discover new features that can help you be productive , stay safer , and have fun
Find out everything you need to know about setting up your computer
The new HomeGroup icon makes an appearance here as well , and " Download Windows Live Essentials to communicate , share and publish " has been simplified to " Go online to get Windows Live Essentials . "
Finally , the " Make text and other times on your screen larger or smaller " has been renamed to " Change the size of the text on your screen " and the " Go online to Windows.com to get help setting up your computer " icon is gone .
The Getting Started icon in the Start Menu also has similar changes : " Make text larger or smaller " is now " Change text size , " and " Discover Windows.com " has been removed .
Start Menu
The Start Menu button had a huge change from XP to Vista : the " Start " text was removed and the Start Button " orb " was created .
That orb has been tweaked in Windows 7 , and the above screenshot shows that Microsoft has opted for a more vibrant look between build 7000 and build 7057 .
From top to bottom , the different buttons are based on how you are interacting with the orb : normal , mouseover , and clicked .
Again , this is important because it is what you first see when you install Windows 7 .
These are the icons from top to bottom :
Build 7000 : Getting Started , Windows Media Center , Sticky Notes , Snipping Tool , Calculator , and Paint
Build 7057 : Getting Started , Windows Media Center , Calculator , Paint , Sticky Notes , Snipping Tool , Remote Desktop Connection , Magnifier , and Solitaire
This one I can't quite put my finger on , but for whatever reason Microsoft decided to put Computer and Games together in build 7057 , moving it up from its previous grouping below .
Also , Devices and Printers has swapped places with Default Programs .
The shutdown menu button looks identical between the two builds when you are n't interacting with it , but upon mouseover or click , there 's a distinct white border around the button in build 7057 .
You may also notice that " All Programs " is no longer bolded .
If you go in there , you 'll see that the Extras and Upgrades folder has been removed , including the web links inside : Small Business Resources , Windows Marketplace , and Windows Web Site
While not turned on by default , you can add two more entries to the Start Menu in build 7057 that you could not in build 7000 : Homegroup and Downloads .
You can now also set the maximum number of jumplist items .
Taskbar
This screenshot just shows that the default number of jumplist items for 7057 is 10 .
New items bump older items off the list .
Build 7057 allows you to pin items to programs that are n't associated with that file extension .
For example , you can pin a bitmap image to Notepad and even though Paint is set to open it by default , it will now open in Notepad .
Many have told me they find this very useful .
Just like in the Quick Launch bar in previous versions of Windows , build 7057 lets you hold down the shift key when dragging an item over a program 's icon to have that program open it ( think " Open with " ) .
This change is hard to spot at first , but if you look closely , the notification color has been made slightly brighter ; Microsoft says this is because users complained they were missing when an application wanted attention .
Finally , here 's a very odd tidbit I noticed .
If you rename a program and then pin it to the taskbar , it will be renamed back to its previous name .
For example , I took UT2004.exe , renamed it to bla.exe , and then pinned it to the taskbar .
On build 7000 , when I right clicked on the taskbar icon , the program was called bla , but on build 7057 , it was UT2004 .
Yippee for minor changes !
Personalization
Did you want more themes ?
Done .
Windows 7 has now been moved under " Aero Themes " ( renamed from " Windows Themes " ) and " Ease of Acess Themes " has been changed to " Basic and High Contrast Themes . "
Also , all the themes now have names .
Did you want more user pictures ?
Done .
There are now 24 more pictures to choose from .
Did you want more wallpapers ?
Done .
There are 14 more backgrounds .
Did you want more screensavers ?
Too bad .
Say goodbye to Aurora , Windows Energy , and Windows Logo .
Fonts
The default view for icons has changed from Tiles to Large icons , and there are now 131 fonts instead of 133 ( Browallia New and Cordia New have been removed ) .
Also , when you select a font , near the bottom , a few options have been removed ( Family , Font type , Date created , and Date modified ) , others have been added ( Category and Font embeddability ) , and they 've all been shuffled around .
Sound
A new Sound icon , and in the Communications tab , the drop down menu has been changed to a bullet list of options .
12 more Sound Schemes have been added : Afternoon , Calligraphy , Characters , Delta , Festival , Garden , Heritage , Landscape , Quirky , Raga , Savanna , and Sonata .
Some formerly affluent friends of mine are now struggling financially .
See , the deluge of dumb money that once funded their film development companies has dried - up and instead of finding real jobs , they ’ve turned to thievery to maintain their needlessly opulent lifestyles .
Although , it ’s not what one might expect .
For instance , my friend Armando drives a brand new 7 Series BMW , but in it he also carries a sleeve of empty coffee cups from different establishments , this way he can get free refills wherever he goes .
An old college trick that any derelict can pull off , but this ball - bag still managed to fuck it up , like when he confused a burger joint for a barista and brought his Wendy ’s cup into Starbucks .
My other friend Daniel owns a 2,200 sq. foot house in the Hollywood hills .
Drowning in debt , he is frequently unable to make his monthly interest only payment on his ARM loan ( at a “ meager ” 6.5 % ) .
Instead of taking on a roommate or doing something substantial to mitigate his monthly overhead , he opted to cancel his Internet service .
Now , after successfully turning a Pepsi can into a parabola , he steals wireless Internet from his unsuspecting neighbor to save a whopping $ 60 each month ( according to him , an aluminum parabola is efficient at catching parallel waves ) .
Lastly my ex-girlfriend , who once was a VP of Production at a major studio , steals hordes of “ free ” condoms from Planned Parenthood .
No , she ’s not a nympho ; on the contrary , she ’s a stilted bitch who despises intercourse .
So , what does she do with 30,000 prophylactics ?
Well , with the help of some epoxy , glitter , and festive ribbons she “ crochets ” them into a holiday themed gift baskets and then sells them on eBay .
These petty contrivances are an affront to ponzi schemers , tax evaders , corporate executives and everyone else that gives crime its laudable reputation .
To me , if you ’re going to break the law , do it with some class .
Now , please excuse me , I see a baby with some candy …
A " trailblazing " Norfolk town has begun heating many of its buildings - including the schools - by burning oil made from melted - down cow and pig carcasses .
The strategy is described as " equal or lower in carbon footprint than natural gas " .
News of the 12 - month biofuelled heating trial comes courtesy of the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) , whose Low Carbon Innovation Centre was instrumental in setting up the plan .
Though this plan is actually lower carbon rather than low as such .
“ This is a major initiative in developing lower - carbon heating options for millions of properties , especially in rural areas , which depend on oil - fired heating , ” said UEA 's Dr Bruce Tofield .
According to the UEA , 2 m British homes have no access to gas for heating or cooking , and so mostly use fuel oil .
Heating oil tends to be mixed mostly from the heavier , yuckier fractions of crude oil and produces more carbon emissions than using relatively light and clean natural gas .
The replacement fuel now warming the children of Reepham in Norfolk is , as is normal with biofuels , partly mixed with ordinary fossil fuel .
The biologically - sourced portion is made from used cooking oil and from tallow , which in turn is made by rendering down fatty remains from slaughtered livestock .
Strictly speaking , tallow is from cattle and lard is from pigs , but industry cares more about things like melting point .
The oil now being burned in Reepham 's boilers may have started out originally as any sort of animal .
The proponents of tallow - based fuel admit that raising livestock in order to burn their corpses for energy would be a very carbon - intensive way of making biofuel .
Rearing cattle or pigs involves the emission of lots of greenhouse gases .
But that 's not the idea : rather , the thinking goes , people will raise livestock anyway in order to eat it .
Thus it makes sense to use the waste products for energy .
If you can ignore the carbon footprint of making the animals and their fat in the first place - which is 80 per cent of tallow biofuel 's overall footprint * - the stuff becomes quite green , easily beating biofuel made from primary crops such as rapeseed oil or whatever .
The gas , transport fuel and electricity used in rendering , moving and processing afterwards is comparatively insignificant .
It 's never going to be a solution for everyone , supplies of animal carcasses being finite ( normally , anyway : there was apparently a big boom in renewables certificates after the huge stockpiles of tallow from the BSE crisis mass slaughter campaign were cleared for use ) .
The same goes for used cooking oil .
But it 's better than simply burning heavy fossil fuel oil , according to the theory .
The Reepham schoolchildren are apparently all in favour .
" The children are enthusiastic about cutting carbon emissions and we have energy monitors for each class , " says Lisa Cook , head teacher at Reepham Primary School .
" They are genuinely thrilled to be taking part in such a significant experiment . "
But has anyone told them what it all means for the piggies , cows and baa - lambs ?
The whole idea does seem to lead to one unconsidered ethical debate : that of vegetarian / veganism .
If you are n't willing to eat meat , are you willing to live in a house or send your nippers to a school heated by burning slaughtered animal corpses ?
Surely this would be unacceptable to a hardline vegan , if not to the leather - shoe - wearing brand of veggie .
Schools are required nowadays to offer vegetarian menu options , after all .
Should they also be required to offer veggie heating ? ®
Bootnote
* You can download amazingly complicated details from the Technical University of Graz - tech partner to Reepham 's biofuel manufacturer , Argent Energy - here ( pdf ) .
OTTAWA - The increase in gang violence on the streets of Vancouver and other Canadian cities has direct ties to the grisly drug - cartel wars that have terrorized Mexico and some American border towns , say Canadian and U.S. police .
Violence has reached a fever pitch in parts of Mexico where the government of President Felipe Calderon has sent in 45,000 soldiers and 5,000 federal police to try to curb cartel activity .
More than 7,000 have died in the last two years , with 1,000 deaths this January alone .
The United States has felt the impact , with the cartels sending assassins across the border and more and more cells springing up across the country to distribute cocaine from the south .
Those distribution lines ultimately lead to Canada , making this country far from immune to what 's going on in Mexico , says Superintendent Pat Fogarty with the Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit .
Recent gang - related violence in British Columbia and elsewhere is " directly related to this Mexican war , " he said in an interview Tuesday .
Almost all cocaine in Canada comes via Mexico , the hub for South American producers .
Canadian - based organized crime groups buy the drug either directly from the cartels in Mexico , or from middlemen in Los Angeles and other American cities .
When the supply of cocaine is hampered by crackdowns in Mexico or in the United States and the price goes up , says Fogarty , competition for the remaining kilos gets tense in Canada .
The bigger players with good lines into the south prevail , leaving the smaller ones scrambling .
" People are running around trying to find other sources of cocaine .
The price goes up and the guns come out , " said Fogarty .
" It 's really about power .
The people up here want the nice car , the money and the flashy girl beside them , and if they lose that they lose that status and the power . "
Canada came up several times at a high - profile U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration news conference last week .
The agency announced it had arrested 750 people linked to the notorious Sinaloa cartel , and had seized more than 23 tonnes of drugs .
" From Washington to Maine , we have disrupted this cartel 's domestic operations - arresting U.S. cell heads ... and seriously impacting their Canadian drug operations as well , " acting administrator Michele Leonhart told reporters .
The U.S. drug agency would n't point to a specific case where Canadian police assisted with so - called Operation Xcellerator , although Fogarty says the RCMP is constantly collaborating with American colleagues on trafficking cases .
Special Agent Jeffrey Wagner of the agency 's global enforcement unit says the cartels have established cells or distribution points close to the Canadian border .
Those cells will help funnel the cocaine to points north .
They use flatbed trucks covered with commercial merchandise , or even cars .
Although Mexicans are n't generally at the helm of Canadian gangs , organized crime here does have contact with the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels in Mexico .
" I do n't think it 's a stretch to see there might be emissaries or people associated with those organizations , making trips for negotiations or to see operations or to be treated by the people they 're selling to , " said Wagner .
" It 's a business , you have people coming from one sector of the world to see what 's going on in another sector . "
The gangs do n't always deal with cash .
Often , the Canadians will trade the coke for readily available ecstasy or pot .
Said Wagner : " What happens is the organizations , instead of smuggling currency over the border to pay for cocaine to bring up and then again smuggling ecstasy or marijuana over the border , they look at it as a way to pay their debt . "
The U.S. drug agency is trying to raise awareness of the cartel situation in Mexico and its impact on the United States , with some success .
Major American newspapers have splashed details of the cartel wars on their front pages .
The Washington Times quoted senior U.S .
military officials Tuesday who warned that if Mexico's two main cartels joined forces , they would have the equivalent power of an army of 100,000 .
Other senior figures in Washington have named Mexico as one of the top domestic security threats , just behind Pakistan and Iran .
Violence around the cartels has been characterized by the most gruesome kinds of killings .
Victims have been decapitated and even disposed of in vats of acid .
Civilians have been caught in the crossfire - at a recent festival in Morelia , drug figures threw a grenade into a crowded marketplace .
Canada 's Foreign Affairs Department last week revised its travel report for Mexico , warning Canadian tourists to avoid areas around the U.S. border , especially Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana .
Popular tourist destinations such as Puerto Vallarta , the Mayan Riviera and Hualtuco have not been singled out , although the resort towns of Cabo San Lucas and Acapulco are located the affected states of Baja California and Guerrero .
Peter Kent , Minister of State for the Americas , said the Canadian government is collaborating with Mexico on several levels to help it tackle the drug problem , including cooperation at political , military and police levels .
He said the issue of security throughout the region will be a dominant issue at the upcoming Summit of the Americas .
" Canada recognizes and encourages Mexico 's crackdown on drug gangs and organized crime , but the side effect of success has been the displacement of some of that to Guatemala and ( other countries ) , " Kent said in an interview .
Today marks one of three Worldwide D&D Game Days held in 2009 , each one serving to promote the contents of the second volume of core books : Player ’s Handbook II , Monster Manual II and DMG II .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Prepare yourself ( and your friends ) to join D&D fans all around the world on March 21st for Worldwide D&D Game Day : Player ’s Handbook 2 .
Everything you need to play will be on - hand , so it ’s a great chance for new players , as well as veterans , to band together and find some adventure .
Come try out the new races ( such as the gnome ) and the new classes ( like the invoker and barbarian ) while you battle wicked fiends and thwart dark plots .
No matter if you ’re new to the game or a 4th Edition veteran ; we ’ll have everything you need to embark on an all - new adventure .
See the Worldwide D&D Game Day site for event locations and other information .
The GeekDad blog ’s giveaway is a simple one : add a comment to this post telling us about your thoughts about D&D as it relates to being a GeekDad , GeekMom , GeekKid , or ( theoretically ) a normal person .
We ’ll randomly pick one entry , and the winner will get a fabulous prize pack consisting of the following D&D 4th Edition books :
* Player ’s Handbook ( review )
* Player ’s Handbook II ( review coming soon ! )
* Dungeon Master ’s Guide ( review )
* Monster Manual ( review )
* Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide ( review )
* Grand History of the Realms ( review )
* Scepter Tower of Spellguard module
Basically , everything you need to play , other than dice and friends !
Leave your thoughtful comment now .
35 Counties Push Up Foreclosures by State Rankings
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : John Cutts
Thirty - five counties accounted for over 50 percent of the 2.3 million foreclosures in the U.S. in 2008 , according to USA Today , which analyzed foreclosure data collected by RealtyTrac .
This figure supports the contention that the national economic crisis may have started with defaulting mortgage loans in just a few areas of the country .
These 35 counties , located in places high on foreclosures by state rankings , contributed over 1.5 million foreclosures to the 2.3 million units counted by RealtyTrac .
Foreclosure filings include notices of default , auctions and repossessions .
RealtyTrac admits the same foreclosed property can be counted twice but its data remains one of the most credible measures of foreclosures by state in the country .
University of Virginia urban and environmental planning professor William Lucy analyzed the link between mortgage lenders and defaulting mortgage loans and found out that foreclosures in just a few areas affected banks , which spread the foreclosure problem because of their national operations .
While other places in the country had only a negligible number of foreclosures , they were affected by the mortgage crisis when national banks that focused on mortgage investments got battered by defaults in places high on foreclosures by states lists .
Christopher Mayer , real estate analyst at Columbia Business School , supports the notion that the crisis was spread by banks .
The case of banking corporation Wachovia Corp. is illustrative of what happened .
Wachovia�s finances got clobbered when its mortgage company�s operations in Florida and California were hit by delinquencies and foreclosures .
Most of the 35 counties are in California , Nevada , Arizona , Florida and Michigan , the states among the top ten in foreclosures by state rankings .
Eight counties in the top four states accounted for about 25 percent of the 2.3 million total foreclosure filings in 2008 .
In addition , while the 35 counties represent only about 20 percent of total U.S. households , they contributed over half of the total foreclosure filings in 2008 .
It is surprising to find out that in about one - fifth of the country�s total counties , in places low on foreclosures by state rankings , the number of foreclosures actually decreased in comparison to 2006 filings .
With the contention that the foreclosure crisis is concentrated in places high on foreclosures by state rankings , Brookings Institution analyst Alan Mallach said that President Barack Obama�s $ 75 billion program could face challenges from the political sector .
The program�s critics and opponents could use the data to add to their arguments against the administration�s foreclosure prevention program .
John Cutts has been educated in the finer points of the foreclosure market over 5 years .
Posted by Robby Russell
We recently switched our default builds of Rails Boxcar to leverage the benefits of using Passenger ( mod_rails ) for deployment of your Ruby on Rails applications and it ’s been working out great for our customers .
Several of our customers and colleagues mentioned that they also began using Passenger in development , which was intriguing .
But … Mongrel has been working great for us for the past few years .
Why switch ?
It ’s true , I ’ve been happily using mongrel since it came out as a replacement to webrick back in early 2006 , which makes it about 28 in dog years .
Nigel and I.. 2 1/2 years ago back when Mongrel was just a puppy
But … over the next few weeks , I ’m going to evaluate Passenger in my development workflow .
There ’s no better way to try something then to jump head first .
So… here goes .
this guy was a passenger … and I recently started to watch the show
Our team will be evaluating Passenger in our development work flow with a forthcoming blog post but if you want to get your feet wet right away , here are some instructions for setting up Passenger on OSX with PrefPane , which were inspired by Manfred ’s posts .
Installing Passenger via RubyGems
To install Passenger on your OSX machine , just run the following with root credentials .
sudo gem install passenger
This will install the passenger gem on your machine .
Now we need to go ahead and run a script that is provided with this gem ( also with root credentials ) .
sudo passenger - install - apache2 - module
You ’ll want to follow the instructions that appear .
When you see something similar to the following output from the command , you ’ll want to copy / paste that into an apache configuration file .
I just created a file at /etc / apache2/other/passenger.conf .
Edit this file with your editor of choice
mate /etc/apache2/other/passenger.conf
Mine looks like :
#/etc/apache2/other/passenger.conf
# Passenger modules and configuration LoadModule passenger_module / opt/ local/lib/ruby/gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.0.6/ext/apache2/mod_passenger.so PassengerRoot /opt/local/lib/ruby/gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.0.6 PassengerRuby /opt/local / bin/ruby #
Set the default environment to development RailsEnv development #
Which directory do you want Apache to be able to look into for projects ?
< Directory " / Users/robbyrussell/Projects/development " >
Order allow , deny Allow from all </ Directory >
Once you finish running through sudo passenger - install - apache2 - module , you ’ll need to restart Apache on your workstation .
This can be done by simply turning off / on Web Sharing in your Sharing Preference Pane .
Alright , we got through the hard part .
Now , in order for you to begin using Passenger , we need to setup Apache to point to your individual Ruby on Rails application (s ) .
You can hack on Apache configuration files more , but there is an easier way thanks to the Passenger Preference Pane .
This will manage your VHost files for you !
Setting up Preference Pane
If you followed my post on installing Ruby on Rails via MacPorts , you ’re going to need to install Ruby Cocoa , which can be done with the following .
If you ’re using the Ruby provided from Apple , you can skip this step .
sudo port install rb-cocoa
Once that is done , go ahead and move on and download Passenger Preference Pane .
Once downloaded , you can install the preference pane , by double - clicking on the following file .
The next part is really simple as well .
Just begin to add your various Ruby on Rails projects into the Preference Pane … and when you ’re done , you should be able to run your applications over port 80 without any problems .
As you can see , I ’ve already setup a handful of projects and we do n’t have to start / stop mongrels for each one or worry about port numbers when running multiple projects .
( time savings ! )
Voila .
Simple enough .
You might need to stop / start Apache , could n’t remember if I needed to or not .
For each host that you add into this panel , it ’ll automatically be added so that you can immediately browse to http://yourhost.local and it should just work . :-)
Things to still figure out …
Debugging .
If you ’re used to doing -- debugger , it appears that you can do something similar with the socket - debugger plugin .
Not tried it myself , but worth looking into .
Browser testing via VMWare / Parallels / VirtualBox .
Does anybody have any tips on how to best appraoch this ?
Our designers are curious …
As I mentioned , this is day one of trying it out and managed to motivate our entire design and development team to try it with me so that we can all learn about issues together and find solutions quicker .
If you ’ve been using this approach for a while , I ’d be interested in hearing your story and if there are any issues that we should be aware of .
Workers sit on hard wooden stools without backrests 12 hours a day racing to complete 500 keyboards an hour .
Each worker will complete 35,750 operations a day .
[ For more discussion on China 's recent economic and political developments , click HERE . ]
By Charles Kernaghan
[ This is an excerpt from the introduction and executive summary of a report released by the National Labor Committee in February 2009 , High Tech Misery in China : The Dehumanization of Young Workers Producing Our Computer Keyboards .
Click here to download the full report in PDF format . ]
“ I think it ’s fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tools we ’ve ever created .
They ’re tools of communication , they ’re tools of creativity , and they can be shaped by their user ... The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow . ” -- Bill Gates ``We feel like we are serving prison sentences . ” -- factory worker making Microsoft keyboards
The new assembly line : Making computer keyboards and other peripherals for Hewlett - Packard , Dell , Lenovo , Microsoft and IBM
The workers sit on wooden stools , without backrests , as 500 computer keyboards an hour move down the assembly line , twelve hours a day , seven days a week , with just two days off a month .
Every 7.2 seconds a keyboard passes each worker , who has to snap six or seven keys into place — one key every 1.1 seconds .
The assembly line never stops .
The workplace is frantic , monotonous , numbing and relentless .
Each worker inserts 3250 keys an hour ; 35,750 keys during the official 11 - hour shift ; 250,250 a week , performing over one million operations a month .
Workers are paid 1/50th of a cent for each operation they complete .
Of the 2000 or so workers at the Meitai factory , the majority are young women , ranging in age from 18 to their mid-twenties .
While working , the women cannot talk , listen to music , or even lift their heads to look around .
Workers are ordered to “ periodically trim their nails ” -- to facilitate work , or be fined .
Workers needing to use the bathroom must learn to hold it until there is a break .
Security guards spy on the workers , who are prohibited from putting their hands in their pockets and are searched when they enter and leave the factory .
The factory operates 24 hours a day on two 12 - hour shifts , with the workers rotating between day and night shifts each month .
The workers are at the factory for up to 87 hours a week , and all overtime is strictly mandatory .
There are just two half - hour meal breaks per shift , but after racing to the cafeteria and queueing up to get food , the workers have only about 15 minutes to eat .
The base wage is 64 [ US ] cents an hour , which after deductions for primitive room and board drops down to a take - home wage of just 41 cents an hour .
There is also mandatory unpaid overtime to clean the factory and dorms .
At the end of a shift , workers must stand at attention as the foreman reviews the day ’s work and what improvements must be made .
The workers get up around 6.00 am When they return to their dorm , sometime between 9.00 and 9.30 pm -- they bathe using a small plastic bucket .
Summer temperatures routinely reach into the high 90sF .
During the winter , workers have to walk down several flights of stairs to fetch hot water in their buckets .
Ten to twelve workers share each overcrowded dorm room , sleeping on narrow metal bunk beds that line the walls .
Workers drape old sheets over their cubicle openings for privacy .
If a worker steps on the grass on the way to the dorm , she is fined .
The workers are locked in the factory compound four days a week and are prohibited from even taking a walk .
Management tries to brainwash the young workers , telling them they “… must love the company like their home ... ” and that “ to serve society , each worker must be devoted to their duty … continuously striving for perfection … ” and “ developing good personal work habits ” .
These good workers also have to spy on each other for “… employees should actively monitor each other ” .
Communism in China has come a long way as the young workers at the Meitai factory are taught that “ economising on capital … is the most basic requirement of factory enterprise ” .
Workers who hand out flyers or discuss factory conditions with outsiders will be fired .
Many young workers have never heard the word ``union ' ' and have no idea what one is .
All the workers know is that they all “ feel like we are serving prison sentences ” .
God help us if the labour - management relations being developed in China becomes the new low standard to be accepted by the rest of the world .
The $ 200 personal computer and the $ 22.99 keyboard may be seen as a great bargain , but in the long run they come at a terrible cost .
A good question is : Would you want your daughter to work in this factory ?
Corporations attempt to dumb down every job so they can slash wages and benefits .
If workers oppose this and try to fight back , the work is outsourced .
The result is a race to the bottom , where workers are pitted against one another to compete over who will accept the lowest wages , the least benefits and most miserable working and living conditions .
There are no winners in this battle .
5500 computer keyboards will move down the assembly line each day .
High - tech misery in China : Meitai Plastics & Electronics , Dongguan City , Guangdong , China
Two thousand workers , mostly young women , produce computer equipment including keyboards and printer cases for Hewlett - Packard , Dell , Lenovo , Microsoft and IBM .
Management instructs the workers to “ love the company like your home ” , “ continuously strive for perfection ” and to spy on and “ actively monitor each other ” .
Workers are prohibited from talking , listening to music , raising their heads , putting their hands in their pockets .
Workers are fined for being one - minute late , for not trimming their fingernails and for stepping on the grass .
Workers are searched on the way in and out of the factory .
Workers who hand out flyers or discuss factory conditions with outsiders are fired .
The young workers sit on hard wooden stools twelve hours a day , seven days a week as 500 computer keyboards an hour move down the assembly line , or one every 7.2 seconds .
Workers are allowed just 1.1 seconds to snap each key into place , repeating the same operation 3250 times an hour , 35,750 times a day , 250,250 times a week and over one million times a month .
The workers are paid 1/50th of a cent for each operation .
The assembly line never stops , and workers needing to use the bathroom must learn to hold it until there is a break .
All overtime is mandatory , with 12 - hour shifts seven days a week and an average of two days off a month .
A worker daring to take a Sunday off -- which is supposedly their weekly holiday -- will be docked 2.5 days ’ wages .
Including unpaid overtime , workers are at the factory up to 87 hours a week .
On average , they are at the factory 81 hours a week , while toiling 74 hours , including 34 hours of overtime , which exceeds China ’s legal limit by 318 per cent !
The workers are paid a base wage of 64 cents an hour , which does not even come close to meeting subsistence level needs .
After deductions for primitive room and board , the workers ’ take - home wage drops to just 41 cents an hour .
A worker toiling 75 hours a week will earn a take - home wage of $ 57.19 , or 76 cents an hour including overtime and bonuses .
The workers are routinely cheated of 14 to 19 per cent of the wages legally due them .
Ten to twelve workers share each crowded dorm room , sleeping on narrow metal bunk beds that line the walls .
They drape old sheets over their cubicle openings for privacy .
In the winter , workers have to walk down several flights of stairs to fetch hot water in a small plastic bucket , which they carry back to their rooms to take a sponge bath .
In the summer , dorm temperatures reach into the high 90s .
Workers are locked in the factory compound four days a week and are prohibited from even taking a walk .
To symbolise their “ improving lives ” the workers are served a special treat on Fridays -- a small chicken leg and foot .
For breakfast , they are given watery rice gruel .
The workers say the food has a bad taste and is “ hard to swallow ” .
Illegally , workers are not inscribed in the mandatory work injury and health insurance and social security maternity leave program .
In the molding department , due to the excessive heat , the workers suffer skin rashes on their faces and arms .
One worker summed up the general feeling in the factory : “ I feel like I am serving a prison sentence . ”
“ I feel like I ’m serving a prison sentence ... ”
“ The factory is forever pressing down on our heads and will not tolerate even the tiniest mistake .
When working , we work continuously .
When we eat , we have to eat with lightning speed .
When I need to go to the bathroom , I have to try my hardest to control myself , to hold it in and not go .
The security guards are like policemen watching over prisoners .
We ’re really livestock and should n’t be called workers .
“ Even when you get off your shift , there is no freedom .
Even such simple pleasures as taking a walk or strolling down the street are closely managed by the factory . ”
Meitai worker # 1
`` My hands are moving constantly … ”
“ Every day I enter the factory and I assemble keyboards .
My hands are moving constantly and I can’t stop for a second .
Our fingers , hands and arms are swollen and sore .
Every day I do this for 12 hours .
What makes it even worse is the constant pressure and boring monotony of the work . ”
Meitai worker # 2
“ We are not human … ”
“ Working like this every day I do n’t see how we are any different from machines .
Management treats us so harshly ; it is like we are not human .
They do n’t see us as people .
They treat us like tools .
The factory has to pay money to purchase the machines , but they do n’t have to spend money on us . ”
Meitai worker # 3
“ We have to beg the boss for mercy … ”
“ The factory rules are really like a private law .
We are forced to obey and endure management ’s harsh treatment .
Some young workers have boyfriends and girlfriends outside the factory and if they want to go on a date , we have to beg the boss for mercy to be able to leave the factory compound . ”
Meitai worker # 4
A £ 5 m gov-backed mobile - video series designed to promote condom use among da yoof has met with a limp reception - in the two months since its launch the internet - based campaign has only managed 554 MySpace friends and 15 fans on Facebook .
The project , entitled Thmbnls and with the strap line " Want Respect ?
Use a condom " , is being paid for by the Department for Children , Schools and Families , and run by the decidedly new - age 20:20 London ( warning - flash heavy site ) who are filming 22 one - minute episodes that can be downloaded , for free , onto a mobile phone .
Viewers are also encouraged to respond to voicemails and text messages received from characters in the series ( one of each , so far ) , generally asking advice on whether to go " all the way " and where they can get a condom .
No doubt you 've been avidly following the adventures of Billy , jakki , mundy , b%ks , lupe & gripper , after all ; 4.6 million quid of your money is being spent to make the video series about the six friends and the importance they attach to condom use , and if you are n't watching it then one has to wonder who is .
After a month of haranguing the department we were finally told that PR Agency Blue Rubicon had been assigned to the project , and our questions should be directed to them .
After a week of daily calls we finally got the chance to present our questions about how many viewers were downloading Thmbnls .
We were told that they would look into it , but that it was unlikely such figures would be available .
After all , it 's very hard to get gross download figures out of a web server - if only they kept records of some sort .
So we spoke to some youth workers , involved with just the kind of people Thmbnls is aimed at .
Unfortunately none of them had heard of the series - most thought it was a nice idea , though they expressed concern about the penetration of video - capable phones .
Perhaps the youth they work with are n't middle - class enough .
So to the Web 2.0 space , where Thmbnls should be right at home .
Sure enough the programme has a MySpace page , and a Facebook fan group , though the former has only 554 friends , and the latter only 15 members , there is no Bebo presence at all .
There is a YouTube channel , but that has only three subscribers , and while the trailer has been watched thousands of times the episodes ( about half of which are available ) have only been viewed a few times each .
Even the exclusive YouTube content , unavailable elsewhere , has only been seen a few thousand times .
Thmbnls has been mentioned on Twitter , but only 14 times and half of those are notifications about the launch .
The blogosphere , meanwhile , seems almost unaware that the series exists .
If these figures are in any way indicative of the popularity of Thmbnls then we could send a couple of grand to every viewer and still save money , come to that - for that money we could just buy every yoof ( aged 15 - 19 ) in the UK a pack of three , in the hope they would use them .
Blue Rubicon tells us that the feedback received has been " very positive " and that " many young people are engaging with the interactive elements " , though when we asked for specifics we were told the company is " not hopeful that we 'll have such specific information readily available " .
Admittedly we 're less than halfway though the series - episode eight was on Friday - but two months is surely enough time to take a glance at the server logs .
Government departments making teen - oriented TV is never going to go well , like the middle - aged dad strutting his stuff at the school disco - the results are , at best , easily forgotten .
Teaching kids about safe sex is important , but trying to tick all the " yoof " buttons just results in new - age companies slapping each other on the back while feasting on the trough of public money to create content that will , no doubt , win awards even as it fails to educate those who need educating . ®
However you may feel about cigarettes and smoking , the new federal tobacco taxshould appear excessive .
The new tax which will be effective April 1st will increase the price of tobacco by the pound .
According to CVS employees and The Pipe Den , a local tobacco store here in Vero Beach , Fl , some companies have already raised the prices for their products and are currently selling them for an exaggerated prices , while the price will go up to around 50 dollars a pound .
I bought one of these such products today : a tin of Bugler tabacco .
I began rolling my own cigarettes while living in upstate New York due to the incredibly high taxes there ( the highest of all the states ) ; by doing so , I saved a decent amount of money and began smoking less .
The price I have typically paid for a tin was around 13 - 15 dollars ; meanwhile the cost I paid today was 32 dollars : that id well over a 100 % increase .
These taxes will be higher than those I faced in New York !
Apparently , this new tax is a move by Obama to raise money ( 33 billion ) for a new health initiative for children ’s health care , with a side gain of increasing the quit rate among tobacco users .
I do not miss the nobility of such a move ; however , I feel , it is very misguided .
Smokers will not quit simply because the price has gone up – and this is exactly why they expect to obtain 33 billion from this endeavor– for the smoker it is about an addiction that they MUST pacify , whole with withdrawal that is incredibly uncomfortable .
Furthermore , there have been studies that have shown that nicotine is a more addictive drug than heroin .
Think about it , if the street price of heroin was raised would addicts stop shooting up ?
Of course not .
Another factor that just sickens me about this is that the prices will be raised to such a ridiculous price , with people left with no choice but to pay , during an economic recession .
This does n’t help anyone : most people are not happy to be smoking , but need to smoke and arguing against this point is null .
Smoking is a bad choice , but at some point it stops becoming a choice and quitting can interfere greatly in ones life ( that is , it is important to find a right time to quit that will have a better chance of being successful ) .
Furthermore , multiple relapses are inevitable in most cases so , while quitting and relapsing , the addict must shell out these exorbitant costs .
My last word on this points back to when the tax on tea and other products was once raised in the American colonies by Britain : what did we do then ?
Or , how about when alcohol was prohibited ?
The simple fact of the matter , is that the federal government has no right to enforce such an opressive tax .
Where is the capitalistic freedom political patriots so often like to tout : I guess the free market is n’t so free when an individual chooses to freely buy a product some find distateful .
Well , I ’m sorry but this is self - righteous , especially from a President who used to smoke and still occasionally gets caught doing so .
I ’m already hurting in these troubling times .
I say we start smuggling and have a new tea party ( and by that I mean an illegal act of civil disobedience , not the ordered activism of a group of people who would look at horror upon such an act ) .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
March 30 , 2009
Categories : Society , politics , culture , etc. , Uncategorized .
Tags : addict , addiction , boston tea party , economic recession , health care , health initiative , heroin , nicotene , nicotine . , personal rights , President Obama , prohibition , rebellion , riot , smuggling , tax , tobacco , tobacco tax , unconstitutional .
Author : christophpissedoff
14 Comments
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
APRIL 14 -- Meet Abby Toll .
The University of Colorado student , 20 , is facing a felony animal abuse rap after she allegedly taped her boyfriend 's puppy to the side of a refrigerator in a bid to teach the rambunctious animal a ' lesson . '
According to police ,
Toll used clear packing tape early this morning to adhere the eight - month - old dog ( a Shiba Inu named Rex ) to the appliance in the kitchen of her boyfriend 's apartment .
Toll allegedly was angry at Bryan Beck , 21 , for failing to get rid of the puppy , which , Toll told cops , bit her a few days ago .
According to Boulder Police Department reports , when cops responded at 5 AM to a ' report of a male and female yelling ' at Beck 's apartment , they discovered that ' Rex 's body was completely encased in packing tape . '
When Officer Kara Jurczenia asked what was on the side of the fridge , Toll replied , ' The dog . '
Toll added , ' I know this looks really bad , but the dog bites .
He is aggressive . '
Jurczenia asked how long the puppy had been taped upside down to the side of the refrigerator .
' Not long , ' Toll replied .
' Like 20 - 30 minutes .
It was just until he calmed down . '
The reports note that when Beck saw his dog stuck to the refrigerator , he told Toll , ' Take him down , ' adding , ' You are so sick ! '
Toll replied , ' No , you are sick for not caring enough about me to get rid of the dog . '
The animal , whose paws had been bound with elastic hair ties , was clearly in pain and ' yelped and screamed loudly ' as cops worked to free him .
' Rex just lay motionless , but breathing , on his kennel after he was removed from the tape . '
The puppy was handed over to the Boulder Valley Humane Society .
Toll , seen in the above mug shot , was turned over to county jailers .
Beck , who was arrested in connection with his scuffle with Toll , was not charged with animal abuse .
Though he did reportedly tell police , ' We were going to get rid of him anyway .
We usually do n't do this . '
( 5 pages )
Los Angeles and countless other cities - Phoenix , Houston and Atlanta come to mind - are far more friendly to cars than people , having been built according to land use policies that all but put people behind the wheel .
It 's an unsustainable model , and it must change .
That was the message transportation planner Timothy Papandreou brought to " Expanding the Vision of Sustainable Mobility , " a symposium sponsored by the Art Center College of Design .
The school could be called the Harvard of transportation design , and two - day conference drew experts in fields as varied as urban planning and aerospace engineering to discuss where the future of mobility lies .
Papandreou called for an end to " state , federal , and local land use policies that are literally forcing people to have to drive " and told Wired.com we 're on the cusp of an inevitable " mode shift " away from individual car ownership toward a greater reliance on mass transit and sustainable transport .
" We 're already at that crossroads , " he said .
Papandreou is a former transportation planning manager for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority and he 's currently with the San Francisco Municipal Railway , so he 's got some idea what he 's talking about when he says too many big cities favor cars over people .
" There 's this cycle of automobile dependency , " he said .
" You have to have a place to park at home , a place to park at work , and a place to park at retail establishments . "
In an absurd " market distortion , " cities have become places where " cars have a right to housing and people do n't . "
That distortion , he says , is the result of years of increasing capacity for automobiles and shifting funds away from alternative forms of transportation .
It 's brought us to the point where most Americans consider automobile ownership an essential key to a productive , fulfilling life .
Papandreou suggests a sea change in how we view personal mobility .
Car - friendly policies have created a " carbon shadow " that vehicles can't escape – the result of " all of the regional consequences of all these policies and collective actions , " he says .
Instead of the " manufactured value " of personal car ownership , we should adopt " demand management " by creating disincentives for driving that will , in turn , encourage people to walk , ride mass transit , carpool and use other means of getting around .
In Papandreou 's eyes , freeways are wasted space .
Consider this : 200 people can jam the I -405 riding along in 177 cars ( the average ratio ) .
Or they could use just two lanes in three city buses , or have plenty of personal space around them if they rode bikes .
" All that road space could become something else , " he said , stressing that the only way to achieve that vision is with a total " eco rehab " that avoids the sort of ineffective piecemeal programs that only survive due to their political popularity .
The Obama Administration 's economic stimulus package could be a first step toward that future .
" It 's a down payment to a massive mortgage , " Papandreou said .
" I 'm hoping that the stimulus gets the ball rolling . "
UPDATED 9:45 p.m. Eastern time .
* Rendering and visualization of the L.A. metropolitan area in 2050 by Matthew Cunningham , a student at the Art Center College of Design .
Used with permission .
*
Two weeks from now , the cast of Star Trek TNG will reunite in cartoon form .
Just about everyone from the cast of TNG is appearing on an upcoming Family Guy episode — take a look !
Advertisement
In March 29th 's episode , Peter and family head to a Trek convention , where they each get to meet a castmember from Star Trek : TNG — and I cannot wait to see what Peter will say about the disgusting relationship that was Troi and Riker .
The episode is called " Not All Dogs Go to Heaven , " and according to Fox :
Stewie blows a fuse when he does n't get a chance to ask his favorite ‘ Star Trek : The Next Generation ' cast members any questions , " reads the logline .
" He devises a plan , builds a transporter and beams the entire cast to his bedroom so they can spend a fun - filled day together in Quahog .
Advertisement
Sounds perfect .
To see a much larger image of the crew click below .
[ Via Trek Movie ]
PARIS 
Two bronze heads originally looted from China were sold Wednesday night for a total of nearly $ 35.9 million without commissions , after fierce but futile protests from China and a failed legal challenge to the auction .
The bronze heads were bought by anonymous bidders over the telephone , but the winning bids on both pieces were taken by the same Christie ’s employee , Thomas Seydoux , suggesting that the buyer might be the same person .
But Mr. Seydoux said later that he did not know who the buyers were .
In 2007 , a similar bronze head of a horse was offered by Sotheby ’s and bought privately by a businessman from Macao , Stanley Ho , for $ 8.9 million .
Mr. Ho then gave the head to the Chinese government .
In Beijing , the State Administration of Cultural Heritage denounced the sale Thursday , saying in a statement : “ This has hurt the cultural rights and interests of the Chinese people and the national sentiment and will have a serious effect on Christie ’s development in China . ”
The statement , quoted by The Associated Press , did not elaborate .
All the logical signs in the last few months have shown us that Plasma televisions are on their way out , but it looks like Bang & Olufsen has n't gotten the message .
Now , the Danish company is releasing a massively expensive ( $ 136,220 ) 103 - inch plasma television that spits on the economic frugality of the day and probably no one but its own mother will be able to love .
The Bang & Olufsen BeoVision 4-103's most distinctive features are an admittedly beautiful aluminum frame design and the addition of its BeoSystem 3 and VisionClear tech that automatically adjusts colors and brightness .
For the latter , it means that every 120 hours , the TV automatically re-calibrates itself , which is pretty cool and surely useful .
It also has a motorized floor stand that , with one button press , lifts the TV and turns and tilts it to specific position required .
Apparently , it takes about 18 seconds to move completely , along with the lower speaker triangle .
And using the sleek Beo5 remote , you can control all of your AV gear from the TV .
But there 's still no real breakthrough here that will push forward the display quality of televisions in any way .
In fact , the display used by B&O for this TV is actually from Panasonic 's own 1920x1080 pixel 103 - inch TV .
So you 're just paying for the B & O name .
Pretty lame , right ?
Considering that the Panasonic 103 - inch TH - 103PF9 panel costs ' only ' $ 70,000 , you could almost get two 103 - inch TVs for theprice of one over - priced , premium TV .
But we 're really not surprised by this thing .
Bang & Olufsen 's always maintains a high - end , high - class operation and since the company keeps bringing out these uber - gadgets , someone must be buying them .
Recently , B & O released an impressive $ 6,000 music system with Pandora - like analysis , but we easily imagined a competing system that used most of the same features for much less than that .
The BeoVision 4-103 will be available in July 2009 .
China 's Water Crisis
A story that colleague Chris Mayer has been following over the past few years caught our eye this morning .
“ China Faces a Water Crisis , ” reads the headline .
This has been going on for quite some time now …and it ’s no wonder .
After decades of immense economic growth and the flood of hundreds of millions of villagers to cities , China ca n’t keep up with the demand for water .
Another big problem for the Chinese is access to clean water .
Between drought and rampant pollution , clean water is becoming more and more scarce in the country .
Says Business
Week : “ In February , one of the most [ severe ] droughts to hit China in a half - century affected some 5 million people and 2.5 million livestock in the provinces of Hebei and Henan , near Beijing .
“ Father south in Yancheng , Jiangsu , 300 kilometers from Shanghai , more than 200,000 people were cut off from clean water for three days when a chemical factory dumped carbolic acid into a river .
Just before the Olympics last June , the coastal city of Qingdao , site of the sailing events , saw an explosion of algae in nearby waters that may have been caused by pollution . ”
Additionally , the water resources that the country does have are greatly mismanaged .
According to the World Bank ’s statistics , of the estimated 65 % of the country ’s water that goes to agriculture , less than half of that actually makes it to the crops .
“ Better management of water resources is a first step , ” wrote Chris Mayer to his Mayer ’s Special Situations readers in April of 2007 .
“ One of the best ways to improve water use is to tackle the efficiency of the biggest users of water : farmers .
In China , conservation is going to be forced on farmers simply because the supply is very limited .
One of the best ways for farmers to improve water use in this area is through more efficient irrigation . ”
Mayer ’s Special Situation readers have been hot on the trail of the water crisis story in China – and the one occurring on the United States ’ own soil – since the newsletter ’s inception in the summer of 2006 … and their water plays still continue to do well .
Clearly , this is a story that wo n’t be going anywhere anytime soon .
Now we turn to Addison for a look at the second wave of the housing tsunami :
“ Quick quiz : how can you own real estate like this …and lose money ? ” asks Addison in today ’s issue of The 5 Min. Forecast .
“ Leverage , of course .
“ Faneuil Hall , the Boston historic site and tourist trap , was among the $ 29 billion portfolio of commercial real estate owned by General Growth Properties ( GGP ) – the second largest mall owner in the U.S. GGP also has a huge stake in the Inner Harbor , the biggest source of tourist revenue in Baltimore … and half the suburban Petri dish south of town known as Columbia , MD .
Gack .
“ This morning GGP grabbed the mantle as the biggest property bankruptcy in American history .
GGP ’s aggressive ‘ growth ’ model left it strapped with $ 27 billion in debt , which as you can imagine , has been increasingly hard to service .
Oops .
“ We ’ve been expecting this ‘ second wave of the housing Tsunami ’ for some time .
Looks like it may be coming crashing ashore in as spectacular a fashion as the bankruptcy of Lehman last September . ”
And back to Kate in the land of Bohs , beehives and blue crabs :
We ’ve been reporting this week that Bernanke sees the economic decline in the United States slowing … which is a bit confusing , judging from this week ’s flurry of negative economic data .
Foreclosure filings are at record highs … retail sales are down … and the economic stimulus just keeps coming .
Is the economic decline really slowing ?
Our intrepid correspondent , Byron King , tackles this question :
“ My view is that there ’s a lot of liquidation still to occur .
We ’ve seen a pause in housing prices going down , for example .
This was because of a nationwide trend of banks and other mortgage holders to defer foreclosures during the winter .
But now it ’s spring .
And many people who were living in places that they cannot afford are still living in places they cannot afford .
When ( not ‘ if ’ ) foreclosures go up , there will be more housing on the markets in many areas .
This will depress prices even more .
“ As for the stimulus programs ?
Well , about $ 90 billion is programmed to get disbursed – via federal programs and through state and local governments – by Sept. 30 , the end of the government ’s fiscal year .
That ’s about five months away .
About $ 200 billion more will move into the spending pipeline in fiscal 2010 , starting Oct.
1 . All that money will pay for a lot of pothole patching over the summer , into the fall and well into the next election year .
Are we surprised ? ”
And yet another sign of the times … the recession digs its claws into the almighty search engine : Google .
Its first quarter results show that Google had its first quarter - on - quarter decline in sales , citing cutback in online ad spending .
Their outlook for future quarters is “ muted ” and no rebound is in the cards as of yet .
Speaking about the overall economy ’s effect on the search engine powerhouse , “ We ’re basically in uncharted territory , ” said Google chief executive Eric Schmidt .
“ The economic environment … remains tough .
Google absolutely feels the impact . ”
We tend to agree with Schmidt ’s view over Bernanke’s .
The economic environment is tough … and will most likely remain so for quite some time .
Time to hunker down for the long haul .
That just about does it for us today .
Bill should be back on Monday .
Enjoy your weekend ,
Kate Incontrera
The Daily Reckoning
Sunday , March 1 , 2009 ; Page B01
I write a monthly column for GQ magazine called " Men + Money , " and I had this moment recently , as I was writing about how to rethink 401 ( k ) allocations , when I got to the end of a paragraph and reread it and thought , " There 's a good chance that what I just wrote is precisely the wrong advice . "
I tried to figure out how to acknowledge that in the column itself and say , basically , " Please do n't make any important financial decisions based on what I 'm telling you to do .
I honestly do n't know .
But also please come back and read what I have to say next month ! "
It was n't the kind of column that inspired a ton of confidence , money - management - wise .
I mention this less as a confession of my own incompetence than as an example of how difficult it is to say anything with genuine authority these days , at least when it comes to financial advice .
Should you jump into the market now and buy low ?
Should you keep everything in cash for the next year or two or five ?
Should you invest in China or natural gas or gold ?
Beats me .
I 've been writing this column for about a year and a half , so I 've done my research , talked to a bunch of investment analysts and made an effort to understand what 's going on now and where we might be headed .
But really , I can't begin to claim to know .
And when I think back on the advice I 've given and realize that my readers would have been far better off if each month I 'd said , " You know what , let 's stick with Plan A and just stuff our money into a satchel and bury it beneath the swing set " -- well , it makes me feel like a bit of a fraud .
I 'm comforted by the fact that last March , just days before Bear Stearns stock became worthless , Jim Cramer 's head nearly exploded off his shoulders , so intense was his conviction that his viewers should NOT .
SELL .
BEAR .
But what I do n't understand is the hundreds of thousands of people who still tune in every night to hear what he has to say .
The newfound populist fame of CNBC's Rick Santelli is a mystery , too .
His recent rant against Obama 's mortgage bailout plan was really just more not - so - thoughtful advice , was n't it ?
His seemed to be just another yelp from the network that surely did its part showing people the way to the bottom , now telling the president with complete conviction that a lot of those people should n't be helped back up .
It 's weird and disconcerting that after all that has happened there are still so many experts out there willing to dispense wisdom with utter assuredness , day after day , despite having been so spectacularly wrong in the past .
Their confidence saps my own .
For those of us in the advice business -- and this extends beyond just investment advice to everything else in our lives that now exists in the firm grip of uncertainty -- the challenge is :
How do I tell people what to do when prospects are so grim and outcomes so completely unpredictable ?
How do I acknowledge the limits of what I know while still maintaining credibility ?
These are questions the Jim Cramers of the world , and the ubiquitous and somewhat frighteningly undaunted Suze Orman , do n't seem very interested in dealing with .
( I should give Cramer credit for admitting he was wrong on Bear , though he wrapped his mea culpa in a blustery version of " I was actually mostly right . " )
It 's not just a CNBC problem , of course .
Really , this argument can be applied on almost any level , from personal - finance bloggers right up to the men running Treasury and the Fed .
But Cramer 's nightly perch is a network devoted to money , and I 've watched it a lot , and more than anything else it has come to represent an ongoing televised display of a culture in denial .
The more terrifying and destabilizing the news , the more the financial - news sages seem to commit themselves to dispensing advice with unblinking certitude .
Maybe some of you witnessed the surreal scene a few weeks ago when the economists Nouriel Roubini and Nassim Nicholas Taleb ( Dr. Doom and Black Swan , as they 're now routinely called in the media ) appeared on the network and outlined the end of global finance as we know it .
In response to their extraordinarily downbeat assessment , Roubini and Taleb were asked repeatedly for . . . stock tips .
Really .
The conversation boiled down to :
There 's a profound crisis in the essential structure upon which the world 's economy is built , potentially unlike anything we 've witnessed before .
Okay , great , thanks for that , Doom and Swan !
So what should folks do with their kids ' college funds ?
Yes , it 's important to think about how to save for the future .
It 's just that this example illustrates how uncomfortable we are with not knowing , and how unpracticed we are at thinking beyond " What 's the news I can use ? "
Obviously part of that is a function of human nature , since we want someone to show us the way in moments of confusion and anxiety .
And it 's also , of course , a function of television , since " yes , but . . . " and " I do n't know " are n't exactly the keys to ratings gold .
But there is something uniquely American about our craving to be told what to do , at least if the number of TV shows and radio programs and books and magazines devoted to doing just that are any indication .
We 're a people who like to maximize -- our wealth and our connections and our potential -- and for the last several years the message has been delivered , ever more loudly and clearly , from more and more sources , that if we buy X or do Y or follow the example of Z , then maximum happiness will indeed be ours .
Those were good times for the advice industry .
( According to Nielsen BookScan , for instance , more than 13 million self - help books were sold in America in 2008 , up from about 9.5 million in 2004 . )
But those times are gone , along with our retirement savings and our job security and the quaint notion that our homes should double as giant cash machines .
The lexicon of maximization , the advice - givers ' tone of certainty , now rings untrustworthy and hollow .
So how can advice - givers be trusted ?
The answer , I think , is to share our own doubts and talk openly about our own anxieties , which requires speaking in a language we 're not especially cozy with in America .
I had dinner recently with a friend who'd lost his job as a trader and who'd spent much of the past few months going to a career counseling service , trying to get back on his feet .
He described seeing two different advisers , one who was relentlessly upbeat , telling my friend that he'd be back on Wall Street in no time , and another who was not only much more pessimistic about job prospects but who also talked openly about the stresses these times impose upon a marriage .
That second counselor even spoke about what he and his own wife , who'd lost her job , were going through , and the possibility that my friend should leave New York , maybe transfer his skills to another , less lucrative field and downsize his life .
He said that things were n't going to be what they were , that there was going to be loss and compromise , and that maybe this was okay .
" Everyone there wanted to see him , " my friend said .
" At least it felt like he was living in the same world as the rest of us , which was kind of therapeutic . "
The language of psychotherapy -- the recognition that few things in life are black and white , that it mostly consists of perplexing shades of gray -- seems immensely more helpful now than the self - assured , directive lingo we 've all become accustomed to speaking or hearing .
The advice I trust the most now comes wrapped in doubt .
Here 's what I 'd do , and this is why I think it 's right , but I 'm not sure .
What 's implicit is the acknowledgment that very little is a sure thing , that if we follow this advice , we 're following at our own risk , and that every potential gain also carries within it the possibility of loss .
Imagine where we might be if we 'd spoken in a language that recognized this all along .
joel_lovell@gq.com
They say a picture is worth a thousand words , but sometimes this ain’t exactly right .
Distance overlapping , positions , and timing can sometimes create a brand new perspective of a photo .
This weekend , we want to show you 100 +
Funny Photos Taken
At Unusual Angle , a compilation of photos taken at the exact right timing and angle , thus creating a humor side of the story ; intentionally or unintentionally .
Full list after jump .
Magazines , Books and Album Covers
More album cover photos – I , II , III
The Sunset
When Angle Is n’t Exactly Right
( Image source : Matt Stuart )
( Image source : Matt Stuart )
( Image source : Matt Stuart )
Fan Art
( Image source : Matt Stuart )
Creative Perspective
More !
( Image source : Matt Stuart )
References / Credits :
Photos and images on this post are taken from the following sources :
Recommendations
If you have more time to kill , here are some articles you might be interested in .
In recent years , I despaired when I heard economists on TV explain oil 's spectacular run up in prices by saying that ' demand was exceeding supply ' .
How could trained economists , in just a few short words , contradict the basic grounding in economics that I was taught early in my engineering degree ?
Considering the fundamental nature of oil supply and demand provides a coherent explanation not just for the rapid rise in oil prices , but also the dramatic fall .
Another popular explanation was ' market speculators ' who were apparently exploiting us and walking away with squillions of dollars for a few easy hours work .
Blaming the speculators seems to make even more sense now that we have watched the price of oil evaporate from $ 140 to $ 40 a barrel overnight .
How can $ 140 have been anything other than speculation ?
Speculation increases volatility in oil prices , but it cannot lead to a long - term bias in the price .
Oil traders make money just as easily being ' short ' oil as they do buying or going ' long ' .
If some traders have pushed a price irrationally high , others will go ' short ' making their profits when the price readjusts .
That is the ruthless ' price finding ' of the market at work ( just as the markets have ruthlessly found the value of Wall St stocks ) .
Disruptions to oil supply caused price spikes as buyers bid against each other to ensure their supplies for the following month are secure .
When the crisis died down , prices fell steeply as buyers found themselves with oil that nobody was particularly desperate for anymore .
In the chart above , the trend line shows the increasing oil price necesssary to balance the market .
The market could be above the trend line at times of disruptions to supply , or just as easily below the trend when it underestimated how much production would be available in coming months .
Only with hindsight can we see when the market was over or under - priced .
Since August 2008 , we have clearly broken from the previous trend .
Oil production was relatively flat from 2004 to 2008 , despite the rapid rise in prices .
Once the world 's maximum production capacity was reached , the supply curve for oil became vertical .
It did n't matter how high the price went , oil producers could not bring any more oil onto the market .
But over the same period , the world 's economies were still growing .
The desire and thirst for oil was greater .
The effect of this was to move the demand curve further to the right each year .
But the demand curve is also steep - each individual user of oil , while bemoaning the high price , made little change to their own consumption .
To force enough users to reduce their consumption and find a new equilibrium , the price had to rise quite significantly .
Demand curve moves right as the world economy grows from 2007 to 2008 , requiring a much higher price to balance the market .
Demand was not ' exceeding ' supply .
But because both functions are ' steep ' or ' inelastic ' ( not responsive to price ) , it required dramatic increases in price to find a new equilibrium between the two .
This is the fundamental nature of constrained supply and robust demand that drove the oil price boom .
It 's not hard to see why there were predictions of $ 200 a barrel , on the assumption that the global economy could keep growing at its breakneck pace .
Demand curve for 2009 moves sharply left as the global economy contracts .
It takes a steep drop in price to force enough producers to cut supply to balance the market .
On the way down , the oil companies are their own worst enemies , doomed to repeat the boom - bust cycle that has plagued the industry for decades .
The industry is capital intensive , hugely so , which is why it is dominated by big players .
But once an oil field has been developed , the marginal cost of operating that field is relatively low .
For most fields , the operating cost is still less than $ 40 per barrel .
This means that most oil companies , despite the oil price collapse , are still producing today almost the same as they were twelve months ago at the top of the price cycle .
But demand has collapsed - the demand curve for 2009 has moved sharply left as economies unravel .
So the oil price has to fall far enough to force some companies to cut production .
If it were n't for OPEC cutting a few million barrels per day from their production , the price would fall even further until the market actually cut below the operating costs for a large enough fraction of the world 's oil fields .
Tar sands are feeling that impact already .
This price bust must eventually be followed by another boom .
The impact of low oil prices is for oil companies to cancel their capital expenditure on new developments .
The future supply curve is already being shifted to the left - the vertical asymptote on the supply curve will be at a lower production level in 2010 and following years than last year .
Once demand recovers ( shifts right ) , or just because supply begins to fall faster than demand , we will see prices rise again .
For more on the economics of supply and demand , see How to Address Contrarian Arguments – part III by Luis .
Uncleskinny said : So , are you going to tell us about Fantastic Bird and You Should Have Been Nice To Me ?
Peter Click to expand ...
I really did have it in my head that these songs had long since leaked .
Honey ... and Fantastic
Bird were both very familiar when I put the promo on .
There 's a thread in the general bollocks section where I 've said a bit ... but some quick observations : Fantastic
Bird has a plinky piano bit at the beginning akin to Death Of A Disco Dancer before it crashes in .
It 's really not massively dissimilar to It 's Hard To Walk Tall When You 're Small .
It 's clearly not a song from the Southpaw era - his voice sounds a lot younger and thinner - kind of like who his voice sounds on that live version of What 's The World , although this could be because it 's very demo-ish in quality .
No production on his voice at all .
It 's not particularly good , although the " Science " bit at the end of each chorus is good fun .
You Should Have Been Nice To Me has a similar lush feel to I 'd Love To. Imagine that with a kind of waltzy sounding drum bit backing it .
It 's a little bit throwaway , and possibly the most generically Moz / least interesting of the three unreleased tracks , but I quite like it .
Honey You Know Where To Find
Me is my favourite of the three - it reminds me a lot of Why Don't You Find Out For Yourself .
Kind of a more playful version of that .
There are some guitars before the final verse that sound a bit cheesy early - 90s US radio rock , which made me laugh .
The vocal 's clearly not a take intended for release incidentally - his voice cracks in the first verse , and he seems short of breath midway through some " ba ba ba"s at the end of one of the choruses .
None of the three sit particularly easily among the rest of the Southpaw tracklisting , a lot of which can be put down to the very obvious difference in production .
Honey and Fantastic Bird are very thin and demo-ish sounding .
The difference between Honey and Dagenham Dave straight after it is really jarring , for example .
They really should 've been put at the end as bonus tracks .
At the core of TCI vision to be the world ’s first choice as a travel and destination management Services Company , is the imperative for sustainable growth .
To TCI , Corporate Responsibility is an integral part of its core business activity and the moral attitude that it brings to its activities .
Bill C - 15 is a government Bill calling for mandatory minimum sentencing for drug crimes , including the possession of one marijuana plant if it is deemed to be for the purpose of trafficking .
Libby Davies and the NDP oppose this Bill .
Mandatory minimums have been an expensive failure in the United States , divert needed resources from prevention , treatment , and harm reduction measures , and further criminalize what must be recognized as a public health issue .
Libby ( MP – Vancouver East ) and her colleagues spoke out against this Bill in the House of Commons today .
Below is an excerpt of Libby ’s speech .
For the full text please go to the March 27 , 2009 House of Commons debates at http://www.parl.gc.ca/common/chamber.asp?Language=E
HANSARD Blues
House of Commons
March 27 , 2009
Ms. Libby Davies ( Vancouver East , NDP ) : Mr. Speaker , I am very pleased to be up first on this Friday morning to speak to Bill C - 15 , which is mandatory minimum sentencing for drug crimes and amends the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act .
This is a very important debate on the bill .
It is one of the bills that the Conservative government , with the support of the Liberals , had wanted to rush through the House with no debate .
We think the bill needs debate , because it is really at a juncture where it is telling us what direction Canada will go in terms of its drug policy .
From that point of view it is a very significant bill and it deserves full public debate and input .
I hope that will happen at committee as well .
We need to hear from witnesses and it is very important that we be on the record in terms of our position around the bill .
I represent the riding of Vancouver East and , as many people know , it is a riding that has been hit very hard with the seriousness of drug issues .
For a number of years when I was first elected that the number of overdoses in the downtown east side was the leading cause of death .
It was horribly alarming .
It was the number one public health issue where people were dying needlessly , though these are preventable deaths , from drug overdoses because of prohibition and because of the illegal drug market , the black market , where people were buying things on the street and they do not know what they were .
The level of overdoses was just horrific , and the chaos , the pain and the suffering that was caused in the downtown east side .
That still goes on today to some extent , but over the last 10 years , because of enormous efforts by the community and indeed right across Canada , particularly by drug users themselves who began to speak out about their own experience , the situation began to change .
It is very easy in our society to vilify and demonize drug users .
It is very easy to label people as “ criminals ” and to label a drug user as a trafficker .
In fact , under the law , even passing a joint to someone would be characterized as trafficking .
Not only are we trying to overcome the severe health and safety impact in terms of drug use in the downtown east side , but we ’re also trying to deal with the terrible stigma and stereotyping that surrounds drug users .
The fact is that drug use exists at all levels of society .
There are lawyers , professionals , engineers and all kinds of people who use drugs , whether medical or non-medical .
If it is a prescription , that might be a substance use problem as well , whether a person gets it from a doctor or gets it on the street .
It may be that a person is using drugs for recreational purposes , maybe marijuana .
It exists at all levels of society , but it is very much a class issue , because the enforcement regime that we have in this country , similar to the United States , is very much levelled at visible drug use on the street , basically people who are poor , people who are facing that stigma and often people facing challenges of mental health .
In Vancouver , for example , at the institution of Riverview , people who were literally sent out on the street with no support ended up in the downtown east side with very poor housing and no resources .
People , in effect , starting self - medicating and suddenly found themselves in this terrible environment of being “ a criminal ” and being harassed and chased by police and maybe arrested .
It is very much an issue that pertains to the poorest in our society who are involved in drug use and the enforcement , primarily in this country , as in the United States , has been levelled at those people .
About 73 % of federal dollars on drug policy in Canada go toward enforcement .
Only 2.6 % goes to prevention , only 2.6 % goes to harm reduction and about 14 % to treatment .
That is a very uneven balance .
For example , when the Auditor General audited drug policy in this country a few years ago , she remarked upon this and posed a question :
What was the impact ?
What was the value ?
What were we getting for such a high emphasis on an enforcement and interdiction regime when drug use is actually going up in Canada ?
It might interest people to know that in 1994 , 28 % of Canadians reported having used illicit drugs , but by 2004 that number was at 45 % .
Certainly , the policies we have had that have been so focused on the criminal regime and the criminalization of drug users have been completely ineffective .
We only have to look south of the border , where the so - called war on drugs has unleashed billions and billions of dollars and where we see massive numbers of people incarcerated , to see what a failure it is .
I was very interested to see Hillary Clinton talking about how the war on drugs in Mexico has been a failure in the paper yesterday .
It is first time the U.S. administration has talked about this .
There was a headline saying that they failed .
This has been the wrong approach .
We are hoping very much with the new administration in the U.S. that things will begin to change .
I wanted to give that backdrop because what I find most disturbing is that Bill C - 15 was brought in at an earlier Parliament as Bill C - 26 and died on the order paper .
It does raise the question of how urgent this was for the Conservatives when they brought it in so late and just let it go because they wanted to have an election .
However , Bill C - 15 is completely focused around the premise that mandatory minimum sentencing is going to work for drug crimes .
That is what the bill is about .
It is not a bill about broader enforcement regimes .
It is about mandatory minimum sentencing .
It does pose the question and I believe we have a responsibility to answer this question as to whether or not the evidence shows that mandatory minimum sentencing will actually be an effective tool .
I have done a fair amount of research on this as the drug policy critic for our party .
Because of my involvement in Vancouver East and the downtown eastside , I have to say I have become very involved in this issue .
I have worked very closely with drug users and I have learned a lot from what this experience is about , what happens to people under the current regime and what it is that we need to change .
I am deeply concerned that the government is embarking on a very significant departure .
Canada did have what was called the four - pillar approach , which was enforcement , harm reduction , prevention and treatment .
That was adopted under a previous government .
There was always an imbalance and an overemphasis on enforcement , but at least that four - pillar approach was there .
I have to say that it actually began in Vancouver as a grassroots , bottom - up approach and then spread across the country .
This bill would take a radical departure from that four - pillar approach by emphasizing the enforcement regime even more , taking it to some greater lengths by bringing in a regime of mandatory minimum sentencing .
I think this is a huge mistake .
There is no question that it is the core of the Conservative government ’s agenda around crime .
It is about the political optics .
I have called it the politics of fear .
People are concerned about drug use and crime in their communities .
They are particularly concerned about young people being involved in using drugs .
However , this bill will not deal with that .
This bill will not change that situation .
In fact , the evidence from both Canada and the United States shows us that the opposite will happen .
It will only make the situation worse .
I want to note in the record that a Department of Justice study in 2002 concluded that mandatory minimum sentences are the least effective in relation to drug offences .
The report said :
“ Mandatory minimum sentences do not appear to influence drug consumption or drug - related crime in any measurable way .
A variety of research methods concludes that treatment - based approaches are more cost effective than lengthy prison terms .
MMS are blunt instruments that fail to distinguish between low and high - level , as well as hardcore versus transient drug dealers . ”
When one looks at what is going on in the United States , where mandatory minimum sentencing began , there is now a whole movement away from mandatory minimum sentencing .
We know that in California in 2000 , they repealed some of their mandatory minimum sentencing requirements for drug offences .
In fact , California is now considering regulating marijuana .
In 2004 , Michigan repealed some of their MMSs .
Delaware and Massachusetts are undergoing similar legislative reviews .
There is a whole history of reports in the U.S. in the American Bar Association and the U.S. Census Committee .
I will not go at length into those reports , but suffice it to say that there has been a huge amount of research done on this and I find it most ironic that the Conservative government , for the last couple of years , when it announced its so - called drug strategy in 2007 , was launching on this course of following the United States , when what is actually happening in reality is that the war on drugs in the United States has now been shown to be a colossal failure .
I found it interesting that at the new president ’s town hall meeting online yesterday , I am sure people have read today , most of the questions had to do with marijuana , and saying to the president that it would be a good idea to regulate , legalize and actually provide a proper source of revenue , instead of allowing this to be so controlled in the black market .
This is what happened in prohibition during the 1930s .
Obviously even in the United States there has been a massive shift in public opinion , and what I find is that it is elected representatives who are the ones who are the most far behind on this .
We are actually afraid to take this issue on .
In many regards the public is way ahead of us .
The public understands that the war on drugs has been a failure .
It has been a colossal failure in terms of the human costs , in terms of economic costs , and in terms of public policy .
We are the ones who are afraid to admit the reality of what the war on drugs and prohibition has done .
I find it just totally unacceptable that in that context , we are now moving in this country to a regime that will bring in mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes , when everybody else is saying this does not work , that it is a failure and we have to take an approach that is focused on public health , that is focused on regulation , that is focused on real and honest education , especially for young people , and is focused on providing treatment .
None of those things are happening at an adequate level in this country .
I know what the line will be of the Conservatives who are debating the bill .
They are going to get up and say , “ This is about getting those terrible gangs , the big crime dealers , the big drug lords and all of that ” .
Again the research shows us that that is not what happens .
In fact because in this bill they have included provisions around drug treatment courts , I think it is further evidence that what they will really be doing is focusing on what is called the low - level offenders .
This is where mandatory minimums do not work .
It is not a deterrence .
In fact what it will do is completely create chaos in our judicial system , in the court system .
We know that for any mandatory minimums that are two years or less when people end up in the provincial court system , we are now going to be facing a huge overload in the provincial court system .
Do the provinces know that ?
I kind of wonder if they realize what is coming down the pipe here .
We will also see situations where people are more likely to plead not guilty because they know that they will be facing a mandatory minimum .
This idea that we are going up to the kingpins just does not play out , because those are the individuals who are in the best position to negotiate with prosecution officials and so on .
Again history has shown us that with enforcement , the easy pickings are basically people who are low - level dealers .
They are often users themselves .
This bill will be so punitive in terms of individual people , but the worst thing is it will not change the outcome .
If the Conservatives are trying to peddle a line here that this bill is going to solve the problem , it will not .
It is actually going to make it worse , so I feel I have a responsibility , representing a riding like East Vancouver where I have worked very closely on this issue , to actually speak the truth about this issue .
I know others of my colleagues as well have gotten up and spoken out loud and clear , and will do so today , I know that we put ourselves out there as targets for the propaganda and the machine that comes from the other side that we are soft on crime , that we are advocating for drug use , that we are advocating for whatever .
That is simply not true .
I have never supported drug use .
I am personally very anti-drug use .
I have seen the harm it does .
However , I understand that prohibition has driven people to becoming criminals .
We dealt with the marijuana decriminalization bill .
I know there are members in the House who were on the committee .
We heard there were 600,000 Canadians who had a record for possession of marijuana .
Why are we not at least beginning there and saying we will decriminalize and then legalize marijuana ?
We would begin at a place where there is strong public support .
We should change the regime we have .
The public attitude is shifting , also within the media .
Since the crime bills have come in , following the debate in the media has been fascinating .
There are lots of media commentators , people writing columns , experts being quoted .
Retired Mr. Justice John Gomery spoke about Bill C - 26 , but it is the same bill .
He said , “ This legislation basically shows a mistrust of the judiciary to impose proper sentences when people come before them ” .
Thomas Kerr from the B.C. Centre for Excellence in HIV / AIDS , said :
If Canada wants to fulfill its mission of reducing the most severe harms associated with illicit drug use , steps must now be taken to implement a truly evidence - based national drug strategy rather than shovelling millions of dollars towards these failed programs .
A retired judge from B.C. , Jerry Paradis , is a spokesperson for an incredible organization , LEAP , Law Enforcement Against Prohibition .
I went to a conference in New Orleans last year .
I saw members of LEAP , including current police officers as well as retired police chiefs and officers , and members of the judiciary , who were now working to alert us to how dangerous prohibition is and what its consequences have been .
Retired judge Jerry Paradis said , “ MMSs are a great motivator for trials , jamming up the courts .
Unless a deal is struck , a charge carrying a minimum sentence will be fought tooth and nail ” .
Barbara Yaffe from the Vancouver Sun is not seen as a left - wing commentator .
She is very much her own person and often comes out with terrific stuff .
What does she have to say about it ?
In a February article , she wrote about gangs .
She says :
Because at the root of the mayhem is the drug trade .
And while the state can outlaw a substance , it can not eliminate its use .
Prohibition proved that nearly a century ago .
As long as drugs are illegal , there will be underground activity of the sort that spawns drug gangsters .
I have many media stories along the same lines .
There has been a significant shift .
In speaking to the bill , I feel this is a critical point : are we going to go down this path where we say that tougher laws and enforcement are going to solve drug issues in local communities ?
The Conservative members have clearly said that .
I am very interested to see what the Liberal caucus does with this bill .
I hope that we can defeat it .
I hope we can say it is not the right way to go .
The NDP does not think the bill should go through .
It is not based on good public policy .
It is going to be harmful and expensive .
It is really time to embark on a common sense approach and accept the overwhelming evidence that the war on drugs has caused more death , pain , harm and crime than we can bear .
It is time to stop it .
I do not think that is going to happen overnight .
However , let us at least have the courage to see what has failed and see the alternatives .
We could begin with marijuana , real education , and look to decriminalization or even legalization , or we could continue on the tragic course of playing on people ’s fear and trying to convince people that tougher laws will make it all go away .
It will not .
Let us say no to the bill .
Let us adopt a public health approach and do the right thing .
Mr. Richard Harris ( Cariboo — Prince George , CPC ) : Mr. Speaker , let us be clear on what has failed .
The member for Vancouver East talked about the Liberals ’ advocacy of the so - called four pillar approach of enforcement , harm reduction , prevention , treatment .
That has failed .
That is why the Conservative government is taking a much harder stance fighting the smuggling of drugs , the trafficking of drugs , because what the member for Vancouver East and what the previous Liberal government supported has failed miserably .
As a matter of fact , the former chief coroner and mayor of Vancouver back in the early 1990s publicly said that we should give up on the war on drugs , that we cannot win it , so let us walk away and let the drug peddlers and the gangsters have it because we cannot win it .
The Conservative government will never give up on the war against drugs .
The member for Vancouver East has seen all of that misery in the downtown area of her riding , those unfortunate souls who have been sucked into the day - to - day use of drugs by the drug lords and the gangsters who are bringing drugs in such huge amounts into this country and selling them through all of their agencies down to the street level .
I am surprised that the member for Vancouver East is telling us not to worry and not get tough on crime , let us not try to nail the big kingpin drug pushers and let us not try to stop the violence .
There have been over 30 drug related and gang related murders in Vancouver , a new number that is threatening to escalate to unheard of proportions in violence and murder .
The member and her colleagues are still standing every day and saying that the Conservative government is being much too hard on these criminals .
Nonsense .
By the way , President Obama , last night in answer to callers , said that he did not think it was a good idea to legalize marijuana .
The hon .
member did not mention that .
Ms. Libby Davies : Mr. Speaker , as I said , I was waiting for the pointing fingers .
I would like to invite the member to my riding .
Mr. Richard Harris : I have been to your riding .
Ms. Libby Davies : I bet you did not sit down with a group like VANDU , Vancouver Area Network of Drug Users .
You probably talked to the police , which is fine , but I bet you did not sit down and talk to drug users and find out why an organization like Insite is so –
Mr. Richard Harris : I have spent time in your riding .
The Speaker : Members must address their remarks through the Speaker .
Ms. Libby Davies :
Thank you , Mr. Speaker , speaking to you , I will bet the member met with police .
I bet he did not sit down with a group like VANDU and find out actually what that experience is .
When the member speaks about what is going on in Vancouver , I agree it is horrific .
I have had lots of emails and phone calls from people and I spoke about this yesterday when I was debating Bill C - 14 , but to me this is further evidence that the regime we have had , the so - called war on drugs , the Conservatives are so committed to , obsessively , with blinkers , despite the evidence , is failing .
In terms of the four pillar approach , I have to say every society and every country around the world that has made progress dealing with drug use is because they have adopted policies under the four pillar approach .
To say that it is a failure , I guess the member has not properly researched this or looked at what is going on .
But the four pillar approach based on treatment , harm reduction , prevention and enforcement , which is a part of it , is absolutely what is going on internationally .
Even the UN is recognizing that harm reduction is a very important component of its drug policies .
There was recently a conference at the UN .
I heard what President Obama said .
He is obviously not ready to do that , but my point was that the American public overwhelming is saying “ stop this madness ” .
I think President Obama will eventually get that message and I am pretty sure he will begin to make changes .
Mr. Alan Tonks ( York South — Weston , Lib. ) : Mr. Speaker , I do not doubt for a moment the sincerity of the member for Vancouver East in the overview she has given with respect to coming to grips with the issues and whether it is a more liberal approach to the issue of illicit drugs , a higher regime in terms of what this bill suggests , or whether it is to be more lenient .
I was not going to ask a question but her statement that prohibition has driven people to become criminals has touched a sensitive nerve with respect to an issue that is evolving in Ontario and Quebec .
Over 50 % of cigarette sales are illicit in Quebec and Ontario and it is getting worse .
Biker bangs are taking over the delivery system .
They are going to a dial a smoke system , which is an open and flagrant violation of the existing legal regime .
Children are being exposed to the health implications and cost implications .
Even though we have a legal system for smokes in Ontario and Quebec , that is what is happening .
I would like the member to compare that to what she is putting forward as a resolution .
I would like her to tell me if she thinks the premise she is operating from , given the experience with respect to what is happening in Ontario and Quebec , is the right approach to the availability and use of drugs .
Ms. Libby Davies : Mr. Speaker , there has been a lot of research done on organized crime and gangs .
I have done some of that research and looked at material .
I do not think there is any question that organized crime will always find some element , whether it is dealing with legal substances , tobacco , cigarettes or alcohol .
That always exists .
However , whenever something is completely prohibited , as we saw with alcohol in the 1930s , it creates a regime where organized crime is allowed to flourish because of the profits involved .
That is what has happened here .
It is not that regulation or legalization of certain substances would close down all of organized crime overnight ; that would always still be an issue .
However , it would dramatically change the equilibrium in terms of where the resources are used .
Maybe we would be able to focus more on organized crime instead of using the massive resources which right now are more focused on the low - level users and dealers .
I think it is a matter of a balance of public policy .
Again , I come back to the point that after 100 years of prohibition , look at what we have .
We have to accept the reality that drug use exists in our society .
Let us educate people .
Let us provide treatment where it is needed .
Let us have effective enforcement .
The idea of mandatory minimums is not going to improve it .
It will only make it worse .
Ms. Nicole Demers ( Laval , BQ ) : Mr. Speaker , I listened carefully to my hon .
colleague from Vancouver East and I would like to congratulate her on her very eloquent , thorough speech outlining all the problems associated with drugs .
She is quite right .
I wonder if my colleague can explain the inconsistency in the government ’s position .
The government claims that it wants to protect Canadians , not only from people who sell drugs , but also from people who use drugs .
The government is cutting funding to places like Vancouver ’s InSite , creating committees to determine where people who are ill can smoke their medical marijuana and doing nothing for our young people , while at the same time , it wants to grant people the right to use unregistered long guns .
I think —
The Speaker : Order , please .
I am sorry to have to interrupt the hon .
member for Laval , but her time has run out .
The hon . member for Vancouver East has time for a short reply .
Ms. Libby Davies : Mr. Speaker , I thank my colleague who I know spoke very eloquently yesterday on the gang bill .
The government does not have a coherent policy .
Even though programs and facilities have been incredibly effective , the government has done everything it can to try to shut them down .
The member mentioned Insite , the safe injection facility , in the downtown east side .
The amount of political capital the government has tried to put into closing down Insite is unbelievable when nationally and internationally it has been seen as a success .
It has given lip service to the idea of treatment and prevention .
We heard one of the ministers yesterday rattling on about a little project here or there but if we look at the numbers and the evidence , there is no question that the government has put all of its resources , basically , into enforcement .
It is now going to accelerate that through the mandatory minimums and has really done nothing to support treatment , prevention , education and harm reduction .
– Read the whole debate in the 40th Parliament , 2nd Session Hansard – Friday , March 27 , 2009 .
Dear Cecil :
For some reason the first of the month always seems to unleash a flood of maudlin memories in my aging landlord , particularly memories of World War II .
He 's a veteran , and I often hear him singing a certain dirty ditty describing in lurid detail the genital deficiencies of various Axis leaders as he goes about his rounds collecting the rent .
The effect is disconcerting , as you can imagine .
But now my question : I have heard many versions of this song in the army and often wondered about the validity of the line concerning Hitler .
Was he , in fact , fully " endowed , " so to speak ?
Or did he , as the song claims , possess only a single testicle ?
Was it a congenital defect , or due to some injury ?
Where did this belief originate ?
My landlord believes it to this day .
Please advise .
B.D. , Santa Monica , California
Cecil replies :
Among conspiracy buffs , this is what is known as ( ahem ) the lone - nut theory .
( Note to the Teeming Millions : Hey , I got a million of ’em . )
But let ’s get serious .
The case of Hitler ’s missing testicle is one of many bizarre twists in the life of one of history ’s most bizarre hombres .
( Another is the never - proven allegation that Hitler ’s paternal grandfather was Jewish . )
The bit of doggerel favored by your landlord probably goes something like the following , originally sung by British Tommies during World War II to the tune of the “ Colonel Bogey March ” :
Hitler has only got one ball ,
Goering has two , but very small ;
Himmler is very sim’lar ,
And Goebbels has no balls at all .
It ’s customary , of course , for soldiers to impugn the sexual capacities of enemy leaders .
( Another verse from the era goes , { Whistle while you work / Hitler was a jerk / Mussolini bit his weenie / Now it does n’t work .} )
But the troops may have had some reason to believe Hitler really was playing with a short set , so to speak .
As a soldier in the German army during World War I , the future dictator was wounded in the Battle of the Somme in October , 1916 .
Sources differ on the precise location of the wound , but some say it was in the thigh or the groin .
Conceivably some anonymous poet in the British Army heard this and used it as the basis for the abovementioned ode , although at this late date it ’s hard to say for sure .
At this point we have to delve into the mystery surrounding Hitler ’s demise .
On May 1 , 1945 , German radio announced that Hitler had been killed fighting at the head of his troops .
But the Russians captured the Fuehrer ’s bunker , and nobody in the West ever saw the body .
Rumors swirled that Hitler had escaped .
To resolve the issue , the British assigned H.R. Trevor - Roper , later a well - known British historian , to investigate .
After interrogating witnesses , Trevor - Roper concluded that Hitler and his girlfriend Eva Braun had shot themselves on April 30 , and that the bodies were cremated shortly afterward .
The Russians , however , maintained that Hitler had managed to escape .
At the Potsdam conference in July , Stalin said he believed Hitler was in Spain or Argentina .
This was the official line until 1950 , when the Soviets unveiled a film called The Fall of Berlin that depicted Hitler and Braun snuffing themselves with poison .
But they did not say how they arrived at this conclusion .
In 1955 the Russians released several German prisoners who had been present during Hitler ’s last days , one of whom told of burying Hitler ’s remains in a bomb crater .
Trevor - Roper interviewed the men , and on the basis of their comments deduced that the Russians had exhumed the bodies and examined them in May , 1945 .
This was confirmed to his satisfaction in the 1960s , when Russian journalists published accounts of the search for Hitler .
One such book published in 1968 was particularly interesting , and it ’s here we get back to the question of Hitler ’s missing organs .
The book included the report of the autopsy performed on Hitler ’s bod by Russian pathologists .
This contained the startling news that Hitler ’s “ left testicle could not be found either in the scrotum or on the spermatic cord inside the inguinal canal , or in the small pelvis . … ”
This revelation struck many as suspicious .
None of Hitler ’s doctors or attendants had ever mentioned anything about a missing testicle , and his medical records were silent on the subject .
A woman who claimed to have been his lover said he was normally equipped .
Moreover , the autopsy report said Hitler ’s body showed no external wounds , even though all the German witnesses mentioned a shot through the head .
Hitler ’s World War I company commander , however , offered some support for the Russian finding .
He said he ’d discovered Hitler ’s missing testicle as a result of a wartime VD exam .
Questions about the authenticity of the Russian autopsy records were more or less resolved in 1972 .
Dr. Reidar Sognnaes , a dental expert at the University of California at Los Angeles , compared the Russky data with previous X - rays of Hitler ’s skull and pronounced the former genuine .
( Sognnaes used similar methods to confirm that a body dug up in Berlin was that of Hitler ’s secretary , Martin Bormann . )
So I guess we have to conclude that in some departments , at least , Hitler really was n’t all there .
As you can imagine , historians with a weakness for Freudian woolgathering have had a field day with this news .
Perhaps the most elaborate treatment was The Psychopathic God by Robert G.L. Waite .
Waite believed Hitler ’s left testicle either failed to descend at puberty or was missing at birth .
He regarded the deficiency as one of the formative experiences of Hitler ’s life , and said it contributed to all manner of psychosexual complications .
He stopped short , however , of saying it caused World War II .
Why did the Russians wait so long to reveal the autopsy results ?
Trevor - Roper thinks Stalin arbitrarily decided that Hitler had escaped and compelled everybody else to go along .
Later , he thinks , the Russians decided to keep things murky lest the Fuehrer ’s death and / or remains somehow inspire future generations of Nazis .
They may have suppressed evidence about the bullet wounds in order to make Hitler ’s demise seem less heroic .
Others , of course , have their own ideas .
They see the missing testicle as evidence that the man who died in 1945 was a double .
They think the Russians faked the dental evidence for unknown reasons and that Maria Schickelgruber ’s grandson ended up leading a life of ease in some South American banana republic .
You never know .
After all , Trevor - Roper , the staunchest proponent of the Hitler - is - dead theory , was the same guy who pronounced the so - called Hitler diaries authentic .
But the more likely explanation is that your landlord ’s dirty ditty , in one respect at least , was the simple truth .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
OAKLAND , Calif . 
A day after four police officers were shot down in a rampage , the public and city officials struggled to understand how a routine traffic stop turned into one of the bloodiest days for police officers in California history .
“ If we had a motive , we ’d know why , ” said Jeff Thomason , a spokesman for the Oakland Police Department .
“ And we want to know why . ”
Mr. Thomason had no additional details about the investigations into the shootings on Saturday , which ended with the deaths of three officers : Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 ; Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 ; and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 .
A fourth officer who was wounded in the shootout , John Hege , 41 , was declared brain dead just before noon on Sunday at Highland Hospital , Mr. Thomason said .
Officer
Hege was being kept on life support as a potential organ donor .
February 25 , 2009 - TF Announcer
Honestly .
Please , do take a cursory glance at the missive directly below this one .
Take care to notice its author , and the dismally recent date of its posting .
Now imagine how profound my disappointment , to be called back again so soon to administer justice to the melon - headed few of you who persist in fraudulence .
I 'd just sat down with the two things I enjoy most in life  the most recent issue of Punishment Monthly and a carton of cigarettes  when the alarm sounded .
I feel like a dog owner who 's rubbed her pet 's nose in a mess on the carpet , only to turn around and discover it setting fire to the drapes .
This time it seems a number of you used an external application to unlock all of your achievements in order to get items unfairly .
Coming as a surprise to no one with the ability to retain memories of the recent past , I have taken these items from the perpetrators for one week .
Can I trust that this episode has finally taught you a lesson ?
I should live so long .
Having watched how the sorry lot of you comport yourselves on the battlefield and in the forums , I would consider it a small miracle to trust one of you enough to lick stamps without asphyxiating .
My magazine awaits .
The Administrator
This week 's Big Picture winner - and recipient of a Nikon CoolPix P6000 camera worth £ 379.99 - is Marie Kerr from Portree for this shot of clouds passing over the Red Hills on the Isle of Skye .
Despite the current recession , there are plenty of companies in a variety of fields looking for qualified employees .
Here are over 100 sites for job listings , resume reviews , networking and more .
Whether you 're in the tech world , a teacher , translator ; in the United States or abroad , these sites will help you launch a modern day job hunt .
What sites and tools have you found most valuable in your last or current job hunt ?
Let us know in the comments !
Blogging & Writing Jobs
AboutFreelanceWriting.com -
Offers helpful tips about being a freelance writer as well as posts summaries of the latest writing jobs .
BloggerJobs.biz -
Has both open jobs from established sites and the ability for people to post " For Hire " listings .
FreelanceWritingGigs.com - Mixes listings for freelance jobs for both the Web and print with tips on improving your writing .
Jobs .ProBlogger.net - Darren Rowse's Problogger has a jobs board filled with quality , paid blogging positions available from around the Web .
JournalismJobs.com - Offers listings for all sorts of journalism jobs from blogging to television .
WritersWeekly.com -
A weekly online e-zine that has numerous job listings for regular jobs as one - off projects .
College Undergrads and Graduates
Alumwire.com -
Alumwire is free to alumni and will help with job searching , recruiting , career enhancement , and more features such as a resume database .
CoolWorks.com - Perfect for college students , this site offers job listings for summer and seasonal jobs at national parks and resorts .
VentureLoop.com - Provides internship listings for students at certain schools and has job listings you can search by country or occupation for the tech community .
Domestic Assistance
BabySitters.com - BabySitters.com is just what it sounds like , a place for parents to find babysitters .
You can list your services , be reviewed by them , and then start booking jobs .
Has been featured on Good Morning America and in Oprah Magazine as a good way to earn extra money .
Care.com - Care.com does background checks and assists people with finding babysitters , nannies , elderly care givers , tutors , house sitters and more .
HireAHelper.com -
The site helps you sign up as a mover , cleaner , lawn & garden helper or day laborer , then lets you post your availability and get hired by people in your area .
NannyAvailable.com -
Site built specifically for matching nannies , au pairs , babysitters and more with families looking for help .
Educational
AtoZTutoring.com - A site exclusively for in - home tutoring as opposed to online .
BookALesson.com - Site for instructors of specialties like music and many varied sports .
Helps you automatically book appointments and let people see when you have open slots in your calendar .
Find -Guru.com -
Allows you to list your tutoring abilities for any sort of subject from basic math to computer networking .
Jobs4Tutors.com -
Site looks for more than just tutoring , but also assessments , evaluation , and mentoring .
TakeLessons.com - Company providing lessons for all kinds of musical instruments and singing , looking for instructors in over 400 cities .
TeachStreet.com -
Site for teachers of all kinds of lessons from schoolwork to sports , music and more .
TutorLinker.com
- Allows parents to easily search for tutors around their area and compare them against one another , which makes it essential for the tutors to be competitive .
TutorNation.com -
Site will help you with training and certification and then you can start taking on students .
Tutorz.com - A nationwide search enabling students and tutors to connect .
WiziQ.com -
Site for helping tutors to find students from anywhere in the world while providing online classrooms for you to use .
Technical and Design Jobs
37signals.com -
A job board from the well known 37 signals that features listings for programmers , designers , executives and even iPhone app developers .
AuthenticJobs.com - Companies looking for all kinds of designers , from full - time to freelance .
CompanyMeetCreative.com -
Site offering part - time , freelance , and contract job offerings for creative types in Web fields .
CoNotes.com - CoNotes specializes in jobs at Internet startups .
Coroflot.com - Designers can sign up to host portfolios of their work as well as browse job listings .
Dice.com -
Allows you to search based on job title , skills or location for tech industry related jobs .
ejob.com - Specific to jobs in and around Silicon Valley for the tech set .
Elance.com
- Elance features jobs from all different divisions of Web operations from design up to administration .
FreshWebJobs - Full - time and freelance web developer jobs .
GetAFreelancer.com - Locate freelance jobs in just about every web technical field .
HotStartupJobs.com - An Aggregator of startup listings from various sites around the Web .
You can read a lengthier review of HotStartupJobs here on Mashable .
ITLance.com -
A job site for designers , administrators , and more .
Jobs are clearly marked as full - time or freelance for easy browsing .
JobFloat.com -
The jobs here focus primarily on design , but there are also some technical ones as well .
Jobpile - Aggregates jobs from numerous tech focused boards to let you search them all at once .
JobsAndGigs.com - Color coded results show you which are jobs and which are gigs for design and development , features customized RSS feeds .
Krop.com -
Helps the creative and technology communities with job listings throughout the US .
LimeExchange.com -
Allows you to build a profile to help you promote yourself and then you can bid on the tech jobs that get posted .
Mashable Jobs -
Yes , our very own jobs board featuring social media , technical , and web - related jobs .
MostHired.com - Aggregates web jobs from various sources to ease your browsing .
NeoHire.com -
You can add multiple jobs to your " bucket " and apply to all of your saved ones .
Focused primarily on California tech related jobs .
n Post.com - Offers numerous job listings as well as interviews with hundreds of people at startups telling you what their company is about , and what they look for in an employee .
o Desk.com - Thousands of freelance jobs that are either hourly rate or fixed price in all sorts of technical fields from simple data entry to VoIP development .
OdinJobs.com - Tries to match you with the " right " IT job by language processing instead of keywords .
Also turns your resume into a live document so it can be indexed by search engines .
RealWebJobs.com - Focuses on coding jobs with a heavy concentration it seems on jobs in Canada .
SearchWebJobs.com -
Tech jobs browsable by full - time , part - time , freelance , or just do a search for the ones that interest you .
StartupAgents.com -
A free service where you can set up a profile about yourself and try to find the company that best matches you .
StartupJobs.biz - Allows you to search for startup jobs by occupation or job type .
Startuply.com - Browse by job type at Web 2.0 and startup companies .
StartupZone.com -
Not only does it allow you to search jobs by occupation and location , you can also see what stage of funding they are in .
WebProJobs.com - Focuses on full - time and freelance positions for design , copywriting , marketing and more .
General Job Sites
ActiveHire.com - Provides you with the ability to add your resume , use their resume builder , receive emails about new jobs , or just do a regular search through their current listings .
Careerbuilder.com - Besides offering job search tools , they also offer services such as a career test , ways to distribute your resume , career advice and more .
Craigslist.org - Quickly becoming the world 's classified section , the well - known Craigslist allows you to select your city and search for jobs in your area .
FevQ.com -
A no nonsense job site that allows you to first pick your industry and then go down to the state you are looking to work in .
Job.com -
Offers tools such as resume building and a career test in addition to job searches .
Jobbi.com - Search for jobs , post video resumes and fill out one application that can be submitted to multiple companies .
JobDig.com - Focuses on employment , training and opportunities in a handful of states in the USA , but is adding more .
Jobfox.com -
Allows you to tell them about yourself in a mini-interview and then they offer up the jobs they think you are best suited for .
Jobing.com -
Enter your zip code and you will be directed to local job sites in your general vicinity .
JobSearchEasy.com - Besides providing job searches by state and category , Job Search Easy also provides tools such as resume critiques , salary calculator , career test and more .
Jobster.com -
A general job site with listings in all of the major categories .
Allows you to post your resume and promote yourself .
Locanto.com - Classified ads for all the major cities in the United States with sections dedicated to employment .
Monster.com - Probably the best known of the career sites , Monster allows you to search for jobs , post your resume , sign up for job fairs and more .
RealMatch.com -
Fill in a profile and within minutes you will start seeing jobs that you are best suited for .
Yahoo HotJobs -
Yahoo's job site allows you to browse by category , location , the top 100 companies and more .
YorZ.com -
All jobs are reviewed for quality and then placed into groups for easier browsing .
Job Listing Aggregators
FlipDog.com - Aggregates job listings from several sites and then allows you to browse and search by category , location , industry and more .
GetTheJob.com - Aggregates job listings from company job boards .
Many of the listings never make it to standard job sites .
Indeed - Searches numerous job sites , newspapers , associations and company career pages to provide nearly a million job listings in one location .
Jobster.com -
Allows you to post your resume , search numerous listings and set up job alerts to be delivered to your email .
LinkUp.com -
As opposed to other job aggregating sites , LinkUp monitors the job pages of company websites and gets their listings directly from the sources .
SimplyHired.com - Search millions of jobs by keywords or location , or for the brave you can just browse by industry .
WorkTree.com - Job search engine that aggregates job listings from numerous sources all in one search .
International
Agency - Seeker.co.uk - A UK based site that aids you in locating the best employment agency for your chosen work sector .
AllTheTopBananas.com - A UK - based job aggregator that gathers jobs from recruitment agencies , job boards and employers .
Allows you to search based on location , upload your resume and more .
AsiaWired.com - A site focusing on technical jobs all throughout Asia .
Bokrin.com -
A worldwide classifieds site that allows you to look for part - time and full - time work in various industries .
Eluta.ca - A Canadian job site that attempts to index all of the job listings in the country .
FuseJobs.co.uk - Fuse Jobs focuses on entry level jobs in and around London , England .
i Hipo.com - A social network with the goal of connecting students and young professionals with employers around the globe for jobs and internships .
JobIsJob.com - A site for job listings in Austria , Germany , Ireland , Italy and the United Kingdom .
JobNeters.com -A UK based job site aggregates ads from around the web .
Nushio.com - Provides job searching for Canada , India , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Probook.ca - Professional networking site for Canada .
Recruit.net - Allows you to search for millions of jobs in places like Australia , Hong Kong , India and more .
Workcircle.com - Aggregates job listings from job boards , employers and agencies all across the UK .
Workopolis.com - Billed as Canada 's biggest job site , Workopolis has job listings for everything from entry level to full - time positions .
Zubka.com -
A job site based in the UK that lets you look for jobs , and if you find one a friend may be a good fit for , you can earn money for referring them .
General Tools
Climber.com -
Allows you to research companies , jobs , salaries , connect to recruiters anonymously and more .
Inovahire.com -
A job site that is unique in that it also allows employers and potential hires to conduct interviews via web conference .
InteractiveApplicant.com -
Allows you to not only upload your resume , but also answer questions with audio , video or text .
InterviewBest.com -
Helps you practice for interviews as well as aids you in preparing a physical presentation about yourself .
JibberJobber.com - JibberJobber assists you in managing your job search or in your already existing career .
JobBoardReviews.com -
With the number of job boards out there , it can be a bit overwhelming .
JobBoardReviews helps you figure out which boards are best suited to your needs .
LinkedIn.com - Linked
In brings the " networking " back to social networking in the truest sense .
Find your current and past co-workers , get them to recommend you , put up your resume and a whole lot more .
LiveSalary.com.au - A site for Australians to compare their salaries amongst Australian employers .
Salary.com - Software for individuals and companies alike to figure out fair salaries .
SalaryBase.com - A tool for figuring out how much your salary is worth by plugging in data about yourself .
SalaryScout.com -
Allows you to easily see if the salary you are being offered is as good as you think it is .
VirtualJobCoach.com - Has all the tools you need for a successful job hunt .
Get a calendar , to - do list , resume & cover letter wizard and more .
Resume Tools
Emurse.com -
Allows you to build an online version of your resume and host it on a Web page to share with potential employers .
HowToWriteAResume.net - Create your resume online from their system and also store it online with them for free .
h Resume Creator - A simple form to help you create an online resume in the hResume Microformat .
JukeDuke.com -
Allows you to create an online portfolio and resume that you can share with potential employers .
Razume.com -
Allows you to upload your resume , black out your contact info , and get feedback from other members on how to improve your document .
VisualCV.com -
A free service for building a secure online resume that lets you share different versions with employees , coworkers , friends and so on .
You can include video , samples of your best work and so on .
Miscellaneous
BeyondMotherhood.com - A job listing site directed squarely at women who want to be known for more than just being mothers .
FindLaw.com -
Allows lawyers to sign up and then potential clients can locate attorneys in their area to fit their needs .
FlexJobs.com -
A site that screens work - at - home and telecommuting jobs so you are only looking at legitimate offers .
LatPro.com - Job site focused on bilingual and Hispanic hires .
Layoffspace.com - A social network for unemployed persons to share resources , register for job fairs and more .
MoneyBackJobs.com -
You can create a profile about yourself as well as upload your resume .
If you accept a job through their site , you will receive a cash back bonus .
OneHourTranslation.com -
Are you fluent in more than one language ?
Feel the urge to translate random text on a quick turn - around ?
This may be the job for you .
ProZ.com -
Find freelance work as a language translator if you speak multiple languages .
SkillWho.com -
A mixture of social networking and jobs board that allows you to list what skills you have , or what skills you are looking for , and connect for jobs and professional networking .
TalentDatabase.com - Job site specifically for creative types such as artists , actors , comedians , dancers , musicians and many more .
TalentSpring.com -
Allows you to upload your resume or import your LinkedIn profile , get a rating , and then they unlock potential employers you are suited for .
TwitHire.com -
A tool for people to post jobs they know of in a simplified format to be posted on Twitter .
All of them are collected on this site for easy browsing by people who are job hunting .
WhoToTalkTo.com - Site for posting job leads so that people can apply for the job you just left or even post that you can give people advice for getting hired at your company .
WorkNT.com - Professional networking mixed with the ability to also search for jobs and possible employees .
YourOnRamp.com - A site focused on women who are in career transition .
Allows you to search for jobs and also provides forums for you to discuss being a woman in the business world .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , YinYang
I assume that most of you are familiar with the concept of the Tragedy of the Commons .
If you are n't , well , that was a Wikipedia link right there .
However , fewer are familiar with the Tragedy of the Anticommons , a term coined by Michael Heller .
Where the Tragedy of the Commons is created by too little ownership , the Tragedy of the Anticommons is created by too much .
For instance , the classical solution to the TotC is to divide up the commons between the herders using it , giving each of them ownership for a particular part .
This gives each owner an incentive to enforce its sustainability .
But what would happen if the commons were divided up to thousands of miniature pieces , say one square inch each ?
In order to herd your cattle , you 'd have to acquire permission from hundreds of different owners .
Not only would this be a massive undertaking by itself , any one of them could say no , potentially ruining your entire attempt .
This is n't just a theoretical issue .
In his book , Heller offers numerous examples , such as this one :
... gridlock prevents a promising treatment for Alzheimer 's diseases being tested .
The head of research at a " Big Pharma " drugmaker told me that his lab scientists developed the potential cure ( call it Compound X ) years ago , but biotech competitors blocked its development .
... the company developing Compound X needed to pay every owner of a patent relevant to its testing .
Ignoring even one would invite an expensive and crippling lawsuit .
Each patent holder viewed its own discovery as the crucial one and demanded a corresponding fee , until the demands exceeded the drug 's expected profits .
None of the patent owners would yield first .
...
This story does not have a happy ending .
No valiant patent bundler came along .
Because the head of research could not figure out how to pay off all the patent owners and still have a good chance of earning a profit , he shifted his priorities to less ambitious options .
Funding went to spin - offs of existing drugs for which his firm already controlled the underlying patents .
His lab reluctantly shelved Compound X even though he was certain the science was solid , the market huge , and the potential for easing human suffering beyond measure .
Patents are n't the only field affected by this tragedy .
America 's airports are unnecessarily congested because land owners block all attempts to build new airports .
90 % of the US broadcast spectrum goes unused , because in order to build national coverage , you 'd need to apply for permission in 734 separate areas .
Re-releasing an important documentary required a 600 000 dollar donation and negotiations that stretched over 20 years , because there were so many different copyright owners for all the pictures and music used in the documentary .
So , what does all of this have to do with rationality , and why am I bringing it up here ?
The interesting thing about the tragedy of the anticommons is that most people will be entirely blind to it .
Patent owners block drug development , and the only people who'll know are the owners in question , as well as the people who tried to develop the drug .
A documentary does n't get re-released ?
A few people might wonder why the documentary they saw 20 years ago is n't available on DVD anywhere , but aside for that , nobody 'll know .
If you 're not even aware that a problem exists , then you can't fix it .
In general , something not happening is much harder to spot than something happening .
Heller remarks that even the term " underuse " has n't existed for very long :
According to the OED , underuse is a recent coinage .
In its first recorded appearance , in 1960 , the word was hedged about with an anxious hyphen and scare quotes : " There might , in some places , be considerable ' under - use ' of [ parking ] meters . "
By 1970 , copy editors felt sufficiently comfortable to cast aside the quotes : " A country can never recover by persistently under - using its resources , as Britain has done for too long . "
The hyphen began to disappear around 1975 .
This gives an interesting case study for rationality .
If ' underuse ' did n't become a word until 1960 , that implies that people have been blind to its damages until then .
Heller speculates :
In the OED , this new word means " to use something below the optimum " and " insufficient use " .
The reference to an " optimum " suggests to me how underuse entered English .
It was , I think , an unintended consequence of the increasing role of cost - benefit analysis in public policy debates .
... In the old world of overuse versus ordinary use , our choices were binary and clear - cut : injury or health , waste or efficiency , bad or good .
In the new world , we are looking for something more subtle - an " optimum " along a continuum .
Looking for an optimal level of use has a surprising twist : it requires a concept of underuse and surreptitiously changes the long - standing meaning of overuse .
Like Goldilocks , we are looking for something not too hot , not too cold , not too much or too little - just right .
...
How can we know whether we are overusing , underusing , or optimally using resources ?
It 's not easy , and not just a matter of economic analysis .
Consider , for example , the public health push to icnrease the use of " statins " , drugs such as Liptor that help lower cholesterol .
Underuse of statins may mean too many heart attacks and strokes .
But no one suggests that everyone should take statins : putting the drug int he water supply would be overuse .
So what is the optimal level of use ? ...
We estimate the cost of the drugs , we assign a dollar value to death and disease averted , and quantify the negative effects of increased use .
Driving faster gets you home sooner but increases your chance of crashing .
Is the trade - off worthwhile ?
To answer that question , you need to know how to value life .
If life were beyond value , we would require perfect auto safety , cars would be infinitely expensive , and car use would drop to nothing .
But if there is too little safety regulation , too many will die .
With auto safety , society faces aother Goldilocks ' quest : we strive to ensure that , all things considered , cars kill the optimal amount of people .
It sounds callous , but that 's what an optimum is all about .
...
The possibility of underuse reorients policymaking from relatively simple either - or choices to the more contentious trade - offs that make up modern regulation of risk .
There are several lessons one could draw here .
One is that we 're biased to be blind to underuse , whereas overuse is much easier to spot .
Another is the more general case : we should be careful to look for hidden effects in any policies we institute or actions we take .
Even if there seems to be no damage , there may actually be .
How can we detect such hidden effects ?
Cost - benefit calculations looking for the optimal level of use are one way , though that 's time - consuming and will only help detect under / overuse .
Not to mention that it's hard , requiring us to set a value on lives and other moral questions .
That brings us to the second lesson .
Heller 's analysis implies that for a long time , people were actually blind to the possibility of underuse because they were reluctant to really tackle the hard problems .
Refuse to assign a value on life ?
Then you can't engage in cost - benefit analysis ... and as a result , you 'll stay blind to the whole concept of underuse .
If you 'd looked at things objectively , you 'd have seen that we need to give lives a value in order to make decisions in society .
By refusing to do so , you 'll stay blind to a huge class of problems ever after , simply because you did n't want to objectively ponder hard questions .
That reinforces a message Eliezer 's been talking about .
I doubt anybody could have foreseen that by refusing to put a value on life , they 'd fail to discover the concept of underuse , and thereby have difficulty noticing the risk of patents blocking the development of new drugs .
If you let your beliefs get in the way of your rationality in even one thing , it may end up hurting you in entirely unexpected ways .
Do n't do it .
( There are also some other lessons , which I realized after typing out this post ... can you come up with them yourself ? )
While the fall campaign was heated  and expensive , with each side spending more than $ 40 million  the hearing is bound to seem somewhat anticlimactic to many .
The court will only hear oral arguments on Thursday , and has 90 days to come to a decision .
Image
On the eve of the hearing , opponents of Proposition 8 rallied Wednesday in San Francisco .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
And for all the passion surrounding the issue of same - sex marriage , the question before the court is one that may seem technical , even dry :
Does the initiative approved by Californians merely amend the State Constitution or , as gay rights groups hope the court will rule , revise it ?
Under California law , an amendment is a matter that the state ’s longstanding initiative process deals with routinely .
A revision , however , entails a fundamental change to the Constitution , and requires approval of either two - thirds of each house in the Legislature or a constitutional convention .
That could be much harder to achieve than passage in a referendum .
What elevates the ban on same - sex marriage to the level of a fundamental rewriting of the Constitution , opponents of Proposition 8 argue , is that it denies a right  the ability to marry  that the California Supreme Court earlier last year called inalienable .
To take away that right now , they argue , would violate federal and state constitutional guarantees of equal treatment .
That court decision , in May , identified gay men and lesbians as a group that had historically suffered discrimination , and opened the door for some 18,000 same - sex couples to marry before Proposition 8 passed in November .
The justices are also expected to rule on the validity of those marriages when they now decide the fate of the proposition .
Kenneth W. Starr , dean of the Pepperdine University School of Law and a former federal appeals judge and United States solicitor general , will argue before the justices on behalf of the measure ’s backers .
In a brief , Mr. Starr said efforts to overturn Proposition 8 ignored “ the will of the people ” expressed in an “ open , fair election . ”
But Shannon Minter , legal director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights , said that if a measure limiting what he described as the fundamental rights of gay people could be adopted by voter - approved amendment , then “ any right can be taken away from any group ” through a ballot measure .
Mr. Minter will be Mr. Starr ’s opponent at the hearing .
Unless you happen to have been living on Mars for the last year or so , you probably know that this week ( January 26 to be precise ) it will become a criminal offence ( in England and Wales ) to possess pictures that the government deems to be " extreme porn " .
You might also be aware of two diametrically opposed views on this legislation .
On the one hand , soothing words from Government and the Ministry of Justice suggest that the offence will catch only a very small number of people who possess the most abhorrent imagery .
Cynics - including many lawyers who know a thing or two about obscenity - point out that the law as written is very broad , could catch a lot of quite ordinary stuff , and remind us of how laws , originally " intended " to focus on the most serious offences , end up being used far more widely .
A good example is the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 , supposedly aimed at terrorists , and now used by local Councils to pursue individuals guilty of anti-social doggy poo .
Some of the advice in this article is therefore specific to the new extreme porn law : some is more general .
It is not legal advice : if you want that , talk to a lawyer .
It does set out some of the things you need to know , as well as some things you need to do now in order to make sure your story is not on the front pages of The Register in months to come .
First off , just what is the law ?
Various guides - including an official release from the Ministry of Justice - make it clear that pictures will fall foul of the new law if four components are present .
The pic must be pornographic , or produced for sexual purposes .
It must be realistic .
It must contain certain specific imagery , including necrophilia , bestiality , activity depicting serious harm to breast , anus or genitals or life - threatening activity .
Finally , it must be grossly offensive , as determined either by a jury or magistrate .
All those components must be there .
Poster your walls with the most grotesque , the most blood - spattered out - takes from Saw or Hostel and unless someone can prove you actually get off on them , no prosecution could follow .
That , of course , highlights one of the first of many question marks hovering over this legislation : is " produced for sexual purposes " defined relative to the motives of the originator of an image , or the motives of the person who downloads it to their hard - drive ?
Lawyers suspect the latter : so in fact , the out - takes in question might or might not fall foul of the law depending on your personal sexual tastes .
There are two defences to a charge under this act : that you were participating with a consenting partner in the scenes depicted ( and no law was broken in the creation of those scenes ) , or that the scenes exist wholly within a BBFC rated film ( DVD , video , etc ) .
Both these defences have their flaws .
The first does not apply to the person taking the photo - unless they were also participating in the act .
Since the law will apply on an image by image basis that probably means that you must include some ( identifiable ) part of your anatomy in every shot .
The BBFC exemption only applies to whole films : watch A Clockwork Orange , replay the rape scene over and over in the privacy of your living room , you commit no offence .
Clip that one scene for viewing on your PC , and chances are that you might .
When it comes to computer crime ( any crime , for that matter ) , the first rule is do n't commit the offence .
Or if you think you may have inadvertently broken the law , do n't get caught .
Easier said than done .
A very high proportion of crime is not so much detected as denounced by people 's nearest and dearest .
Hence all those Crimewatch appeals asking viewers if their partner was acting suspiciously on a particular night .
Many companies that come to the attention of the Information Commissioner for Data Protection breaches do so as a result of falling out of love with former employees .
IT staff know where the bodies are buried - and there is none so furious as a sysadmin scorned .
Limbering up for a divorce by looking at internet porn sites may provide a degree of self - gratification : but if the end result is going to be a bitter battle over money , maintenance and kids , be very careful .
Courts are supposed to work for reconciliation , but there are still lawyers - and exes - out there who might consider an allegation of looking at illegal porn a useful move as part of the separation end - game .
At present , it seems unlikely that there will be an extreme porn equivalent of " Operation Ore " .
Readers may remember that in that case , British police went after a list of 7,000 individuals named as subscribers to a US - based site acting as an alleged gateway to child porn .
While the reverberations of Operation
Ore are still being felt within the UK Appeals Courts , the key point is that distribution and possession of paedophile material is seriously illegal not only in the UK and US , but also in most jurisdictions throughout the world .
Subscribe to a child porn site anywhere in the world and do not be surprised , when that site gets busted , if you are shortly after invited to assist the British Police with their inquiries .
That is not quite the case with the law on extreme porn , which has been passed precisely because most of the material it covers is hosted quite legally in other countries .
In early debate on the measure , it was estimated that some 80 per cent of extreme porn emanated from sites operating perfectly legally in the US .
The British Police might request the names of subscribers to such sites : but it is unlikely that names would be forthcoming .
Beware complacency , however .
The British police do have powers under RIPA to demand that ISPs cough up information about what any individual has been downloading in order to " help the prevention of crime " .
Given the way in which RIPA has been extended , it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that the police might use that law to monitor individual surfing habits .
That would not , by itself , be proof that you possessed an extreme pornographic image .
However , a stream of downloads from " Hanging Bitches " would probably constitute sufficient grounds for taking a look at your PC .
While no one in the Ministry of Justice has said as much , it is also possible that the police and Crown Prosecution Service will , in time , invent an additional and complementary offence to go with the extreme porn law .
The majority of individuals convicted under Operation Ore were convicted ( or accepted cautions ) for the crime of possessing indecent images of children , but a small but significant minority were found to possess no images at all .
They argued that this was because they had never downloaded any , and the police evidence was flawed : the prosecution argued that they had simply deleted them successfully .
Since they appeared to have subscribed to sites promoting such imagery , the CPS then proceeded to bring charges of incitement to distribute indecent imagery .
It is not unthinkable that similar charges could be brought against individuals who had no extreme porn on their hard drives , but who were active subscribers to websites featuring such stuff .
But what if you have been looking at material that you fear might fall foul of the law ?
The simple answer is that you need to wipe your hard - drive .
Some useful tips on how to do so are provided here , together with a certain amount of common sense guidance .
One thing that gets debated over and over in Linux is the need for the command line .
Many say that you should never need to access a command prompt to get things done , others are of the opinion that the power of the Linux shell is one of the things that makes Linux so great .
While I would fall into the latter category , I can certainly understand why people can get frustrated with having to learn complex and seemingly obscure commands to get their computer to work right .
Even if you hate the command line , you often have no choice but to open it once in a while to get the job done .
Today , we ’ll be covering various ways to make it a little easier to navigate .
For those just starting out with Linux , or the command line specifically , the program that displays the command prompt and handles your commands is called bash , or the Bourne Again Shell .
In this article we ’ll be using the words command line and shell interchangeably to refer to interacting with Linux through bash .
Today we ’ll be covering :
Changing the shell startup routine
Making a more useful command prompt
Creating aliases for long or complex commands
. bashrc and .bash_profile
These two files are often the source of some confusion .
At first appearance , they seem to do the exact same thing – running startup instructions every time you open a command prompt .
In short , . bash_profile runs when you start a shell from a login screen ( such as a console system login ) and . bashrc runs for non-login shells ( such as running Terminal from your system menu ) .
The “ . bashrc ” file is the one you ’ll be using the majority of the time so that ’s the one we ’ll use in our examples today .
As I said , . bashrc is loaded by bash whenever you open a new shell .
Chances are you already have a . bashrc file that was created for you when you first installed your Linux system .
To see what ’s already in there , load up your preferred text editor and open
( By default , the file is hidden from public view .
You ’ll have to right - click and select Show Hidden Files before it can show itself . )
You ’ll probably see several lines of code , bash shell scripting to be precise , already in there .
The default . bashrc in most distros has some code to do things like color prompts ( which we ’ll get into a little bit ) and some handy aliases ( which we ’ll get into a lot ) .
Feel free to glance through the current contents of the file so you have an idea what ’s already happening on each new shell session , but for the sake of this article we can safely ignore the current settings and just add what we want to the end .
Instead of putting our new items directly into the . bashrc file , we ’re going to take a slightly different approach .
Each user on the system has their own . bashrc file in their home directory .
If we wanted to make changes to the way bash runs , we ’d have to place our changes in each of those files .
If you later decide that what you did was n’t quite what you wanted , you ’d have to go through all of those files again and make your updates .
Instead of all that hassle , we ’re going to make a single file with all our custom settings , and just tell . bashrc to load from that file .
The diagram below demonstrates :
By placing the source command at the end of the . bashrc file , it will pull our commands in from the custom - shell.sh file and overwrite the default prompt and default aliases with the ones we ’ve specified .
This way , we can make a single file ( / etc / custom - shell.sh or whatever else you ’d like to name it ) and just tell each user ’s . bashrc file to load it .
So if you ’ve still got your . bashrc file loaded in your text editor , move all the way down to the bottom and add
Note : you can take this a step further and add the source line to the . bashrc file in “ / etc / skel ” .
That way , all new users created on the system will already have our source line included !
Save the . bashrc file and then create a new , blank text file named “ custom - shell.sh ” .
This is where we ’ll be putting all of the new settings in the following sections .
The Prompt
Every system has a default prompt .
Usually , it ’s a bland , default prompt with only a little bit of useful information .
It probably looks something like :
To test out exactly how prompt customisation is done , enter the following into the shell :
This will turn your prompt into a simple arrow .
No useful info of any kind , but it shows the basic idea of how you change the contents of your prompt .
Over the years , people have taken prompt customization to the extreme , putting all kinds of info into it .
I wo n’t go into a huge amount of detail on how to handle colors and multi-line prompts and adding live info , but I will give a nice looking , useful prompt that you could use as a base for your own .
In the custom - shell.sh file we created earlier , paste in :
Most of what you see there are color codes telling bash to switch back and forth between various colors for the text in the prompt .
The end result of all this gibberish is a rather nice looking and easy to understand prompt .
Save the “ custom - shell.sh ” file after pasting in the code above .
If you save it in “ / etc ” , you ’ll probably need root privileges .
You can save it anywhere you want , but make sure you point your . bashrc to the right place .
To test out your new prompt , you can either close and re-open your shell , or just type
into your current shell .
Your . bashrc file should read our new prompt info from the custom - shell.sh file and make your prompt nice and fancy with colors and all .
Aliases
I might as well tell you up front – I love aliases .
The first thing I do when I install a new system is set up my preferred aliases .
As the name implies , an alias is just another name for a command .
For example , my most used alias is one I call gimme which bash translates to sudo apt - get install .
You can use aliases for a variety of reasons , such as shortening a long command or making the Linux shell act more like a Windows / Mac / Solaris / BSD / Whatever shell .
I suggest pasting the following aliases into your “ custom - shell.sh ” file .
Those who use distros other than Debian / Ubuntu style can translate the apt - get aliases into the appropriate yum command , or whatever package utility you prefer , and of course the same is true for aptitude and portage users .
Add whatever else you think might be useful , or change the ones I ’ve suggested to suit your needs .
Instead of gimme and acs , you could use get and got .
Some people transitioning from Windows like to make aliases to mimic Windows commands : copy to replace cp , move to replace mv , ipconfig to replace ifconfig , etc .
Your “ custom - shell.sh ” should now look something like this :
Once the custom - shell.sh file is saved , and . bashrc is set to point to it , re-open your command prompt and you should have a nice looking , useful prompt with several handy aliases to make things a little easier .
I would love to hear about you favorite aliases !
Leave a comment and share some useful command shortcuts you ’ve found , or maybe a nice prompt .
The command line can be a very powerful tool , and I ’d love to know ways you ’ve found to make it even better .
A Lebanese soldier stands near destroyed homes and shops in the Nahr al - Bared refugee camp .
( Hugh Macleod / IRIN )
While Lebanese officials were publicly denouncing Israel ’s war on the Palestinians of Gaza , the Lebanese cabinet was busy making sure the Palestinians of Nahr al - Bared refugee camp in Lebanon never recover from the war waged on their community more than a year ago .
For more than three months , the Lebanese army fought the Fatah al - Islam group that had infiltrated the camp .
On 16 January 2009 , the cabinet approved a decision to build a naval base in the area .
The decision was met with stern opposition by the people of Nahr al - Bared who wrote a letter of protest addressed to Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and his ministers .
The letter was published in two major Lebanese newspapers , As - Safir and Al - Akhbar , but has triggered little follow - up reaction in the press so far .
Al - Akhbar ’s Ghassan Saoud says the people in the camp these days are weary of criticizing the Lebanese army out loud but more convinced than ever that there is no will to rebuild the camp and properly resettle its inhabitants .
According to Saoud , people point to four developments that seem to dim any chances of full reconstruction and rehabilitation of the camp : the continued lack of adequate financial funds for reconstruction ; the call by most officials with the United Nations agency for Palestine refugees ( UNRWA ) for people to “ get used to ” the contemporary homes currently set up in the camp ; the distribution of returned refugees into isolated spots in the camp that prevents the revival of a closely - knit community ; and the continued siege of the camp by the Lebanese army that suffocates the prospects of economic revival .
The decision to build a base can only exacerbate the last condition .
The letter is clear about the detrimental effect of such a siege .
The following is a translation of the Arabic - language letter published by Al - Akhbar on Saturday , 24 January 2009 :
Mr. Prime Minister the Honorable Fouad Siniora ,
Honorable Ministers ,
We , the residents of Nahr al - Bared , are addressing this letter to you to vehemently protest the Lebanese cabinet ’s latest decision on 16 January 2009 to build a naval base on the shores of the Nahr al - Bared refugee camp .
We also wish to protest earlier decisions to establish a land military base in the area of Nahr al - Bared .
Are you not aware that the land that you earlier agreed to build a military base on is situated near the UNRWA ’s elementary and intermediate schools ?
And that the same piece of land is in a residential area and used to be a soccer field , the only sports venue in the camp and its surroundings ?
And do you know that prior to the battle with Fatah al - Islam , one of the tracts of land slated for the naval base used to house two wedding halls ?
These wedding halls were an important outlet that hosted celebrations symbolizing coexistence between us and our sister communities and neighbors in the [ areas of ] Mahmara and Haneen and al - Abdeh and the Akkar plain .
Can you explain to us why , after our homes were destroyed and we lost our belongings in a battle we had no hand in , we are being rewarded with military bases ?
Is the aim of reconstruction to replace a site of celebration and fun and a dignified existence with that of military and naval bases ?
How do you expect us after returning to our destroyed camp following a three month battle to make sense of the looting and burning that our houses were subjected to ?
For despite the slogans heralding the return of the rule of law , we do not see any legal actions or retribution initiated against the perpetrators of these crimes that took place on the army ’s watch .
Security is not achieved through setting up military and naval and land bases and army and internal security offices in the absence of transparency and the respect of law and people ’s rights .
You asked us — during the war and after — to share the responsibility and we evacuated our homes to facilitate the army ’s execution of its duty .
Why is our camp under siege with the erection of cement walls and barbed wire and where we are barred from entry or exit except though military checkpoints and using permits issued exclusively by the army ’s intelligence services ?
And why is the media barred from entering the camp ?
Are you aware , Mr. Prime Minister and ministers , that due to this cordoning imposed on the camp , trade has come to a standstill and our links to the Lebanese surroundings that reflected exemplary relations of coexistence have been severed ?
Today , Lebanese sellers and buyers avoid the camp due to the humiliation of waiting and wasting time at army checkpoints at the gates of the camp or due to having to obtain an entry permit from the army ’s intelligence office .
Under these terms , the meager economic aid of donor nations is useless because economic activity is paralyzed due to the complicated security measures in place .
Do you realize , Mr. Prime Minister , that until now and 17 months after the end of the battle , reconstruction efforts of the three hundred buildings in the new [ area of the ] camp has gone nowhere as a result of the unjust law prohibiting Palestinians from owning land or real estate ?
And do you know that until today , we are not allowed to return to our homes situated near the old [ area of the ] camp ?
We also object to your request to finance a project for a “ societal police ” of internal security worth 5 million dollars as part of rebuilding the camp , a request you made without our knowledge or consent .
Mr. Prime Minister and Ministers ,
You , who are opposed to the siege of Gaza and the crazy war launched on it , why do n’t you support this same people [ the Palestinian ] in Lebanon by granting it a dignified existence without military constraints and laws prohibiting the right to work or own or even bequeath property to one ’s descendants .
We thought we were partners and refused to believe in a conspiracy theory that claimed the destruction of the camp was intended to allow for the building of naval and land military bases .
However , we have no choice but offer a negative reading of the situation of inhumanity and humiliation we live in .
Having expressed our opinion and spoken of our reality and the unbearable conditions being forced upon us , we shall assume that you are now aware of it .
And so we kindly urge you to review the condition of this camp and to remove all military manifestations on its ground .
We also urge you to remove the barbed wire and barriers and to facilitate the movement of people and the return of normal civilian life to its former state .
We also hope that you revisit the decisions issued in relation to Nahr al - Bared camp after its destruction in light of the difficult times that all Palestinians are going through , and we beseech you to place military and naval bases far from Palestinian and Lebanese schools and neighborhoods .
Translation and introduction by Hicham Safieddine , a Lebanese Canadian journalist who contributes the regular Electronic Lebanon feature Meet the Lebanese Press .
Related Links
Your design specialist partner
Design42 Day operates at the core of the design industry , offering a series of deeply specialized services .
We focus on 3 main divisions highly interconnected with each other :
Communication Planning
We build communication plans and set goals determined for effective and lasting positioning of our clients ensuring excellent targeted coverage both online and offline .
Matchmaking Intelligence
Partnering with the most pertinent B2B events for construction in the Middle East , we enable a matchmaking intelligence with meticulously selected potential clients .
Customized Wall - decor
We offer a high - end custom wall decor service for professionals tailored to match the highest quality on the market while maintaining a competitive price .
Practically Groovy , Groovy : A DSL for Java programmers
Write less code and accomplish more with Groovy
From the developerWorks archives
Scott Davis
|
Groovy expert Scott Davis reboots the Practically Groovy series , dormant since 2006 .
This initial installment catches you up on Groovy 's recent history and the current state of the Groovy union .
Then you 'll learn how easy it is to get started with Groovy , circa 2009 .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
It 's rare that you see that sort of statement from a police chief quoted in a newspaper .
Not so much because it 's rare for police t...
A 2008 Defense Department study of future national security trends seems to have escaped many of the conventional filters that normally limit the candor of such public documents .
As previously noted , the Joint Operational Environment 2008 ( JOE 2008 ) study set off alarms in South Korea because of its discussion of North Korean nuclear weapons and it aggravated Mexican officials with its consideration of potential political instability in that country .
( “ DoD Future Trend Study Provokes Foreign Reaction , ” Secrecy News , March 5 . )
But JOE 2008 also departed from the norm in U.S. Government documents by identifying Israel as a nuclear weapons state .
“ In effect , there is a growing arc of nuclear powers running from Israel in the west through an emerging Iran to Pakistan , India , and on to China , North Korea , and Russia in the east , ” JOE 2008 stated ( pdf , at page 37 ) in a discussion of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
The unusual reference to Israel ’s nuclear status was noticed by Amir Oren in Ha’aretz , who explained that “ Israel ’s nuclear program is rarely , if ever , explicitly mentioned in public , unclassified U.S. official documents . ”
See “ U.S. Army document describes Israel as ‘ a nuclear power ’ , ” Ha’aretz , March 8 .
One California Assemblyman is saying it ’s time to consider treating marijuana like alcohol :
An assemblyman from San Francisco announced legislation Monday to do just that : make California the first state in the nation to tax and regulate recreational marijuana in the same manner as alcohol .
Marijuana is now easier to obtain than ever thanks to the growing san jose ca dispensary numbers that are helping people get their hands on the most sought after cannabis strains .
Buoyed by the widely held belief that cannabis is California ’s biggest cash crop , Assemblyman Tom Ammiano contends it is time to reap some state revenue from that harvest while putting a damper on drug use by teens , cutting police costs and even helping Mother Nature .
“ I know the jokes are going to be coming , but this is not a frivolous issue , ” said Ammiano , a Democrat elected in November after more than a dozen years as a San Francisco supervisor .
“ California always takes the lead — on gay marriage , the sanctuary movement , medical marijuana . ”
Anti-drug groups are anything but amused by the idea of California collecting a windfall from the leafy herb that remains illegal under federal law .
However , with more and more companies like headshops uk offering different products based around the leafy herb , we imagine it will not be long before it is made legal for medicinal purposes .
“ This would open another door in Pandora ’s box , ” said Calvina Fay , executive director of Save Our Society From Drugs .
“ Legalizing drugs like this would create a whole new set of costs for society . ”
Ammiano ’s measure , AB 390 , would essentially replicate the regulatory structure used for beer , wine and hard liquor , with taxed sales barred to anyone under 21 .
Shay Laren is every cubist artist 's wet dream as all eyes will focus on her soft naked round curves that seemingly pop out from this photo shoot 's geometric backdrop .
What does a front - end web developer do ?
Front - end web developers , the " artists " formerly known as web designers are the bunch of people in the company that make sure that the data coming from the backend gets displayed on the browser .
They also make sure it looks as closely as possible as the design , that , CED came up with , and that the user can navigate through it , accessing the data .
They do n't need to know about complex OO programming , tricky database structures or how a path is done in Illustrator .
They get data from the backend people and an example how the result looks like from CED .
All they need to do is to hack some HTML or XSLT together and link the different documents .
Piece of cake .
Web developers do n't have it as easy as it sounds though .
True enough , markup languages are easy to learn and scripting languages are not much harder , but there is an aspect of uncertainty , that has to be taken into consideration , when judging their skills .
As a web developer you work in an uncertain environment .
What looks good and works on your computer can be a popup hell and dire to look at on the machine next to you or on the machine of a customer .
The first is not much of a problem , just ask your colleague to upgrade his browser , the second , however , is a problem .
As a web developer , your work can be wrecked by users and customers in many ways :
They can
use a browser that is completely outdated
set his browser font to " very small " or " very large "
use a video card that displays 16 colours only
run a resolution of 640x480 pixels and still have the large font setting
run a resolution of 1024x768 but still keep his window as large as 200x200
use loads of toolbars to make the area of the screen available for your site pitifully small
turn off any scripting support for safety reasons
turn off images to load the pages faster
use a modem with the speed of two tins connected through a wire
use a PDA
use a text - only browser
and if the site does not work with that , they 'll blame you for it .
In other words , you never know what is going to be the mean of display at the other end .
What to do about that ?
Do n't fret , there are standards that the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) defined a long time ago .
Just follow these standards and you are safe .
The only problem is that the browser industry keeps telling their products follow these standards , but , in reality , they do n't .
So by doing the right thing , you do the wrong thing .
By following the standards , you make sure that your site will perform fine in future browsers and display units .
On nowadays and yesterdays browsers though , there might be loads of issues .
What you do need to do is to make sure your site is following the standards and still looks OK on older browsers .
This is the perfect option .
Another would be to define a certain browser and platform environment .
This is possible when we are talking about Intranets and B2B sites , but B2C means you are in trouble .
You are really in trouble , when the design you got was done by a designer who is not firm in web design .
The web is a media , not a sheet of paper .
Designs that look really nice on paper ( and impress customers ) might not work on the web .
Same as screen layouts do not work on television or game consoles .
Users are able to resize the text part of your page , or , in newer browsers even add own rules of display onto your site ( through own stylesheets ) .
This means that every layout , that relies on fixed font - sizes , and text , that can only use up a certain area , is doomed to fail .
You can go the other extreme and keep everything flexible , which may result in really ugly texts , with lines too long to be readable .
This is a minor issue though , as , when the user has a problem with that , he can simply resize his browser window .
In any case a good web developer needs to know a lot about the media he works in .
He needs to know
what browser / platform configuration breaks your page when you use which technology
which technology or elements to use to create the navigation in
what to do to avoid wrong display on browsers
how to keep the size of the final document small
how to convert graphics so that they are small in file size and yet good looking
how to deal with data coming from the customer in various and sometimes rather exotic formats
how to keep his work from stalling when there is no data coming in that he can use .
How to communicate to colleagues or customers that the amount of final data in the product does not really fit the design ( which is a case of bad planning to begin with , but it does happen )
How to keep up with the rapid web development market and techniques .
These are the most obvious bits .
Another obstacle a web developer has to tackle all the time is the media and software market hype .
At every computer fair and in magazines software companies advertise products , that help you do a web site in 20 minutes without knowing anything about code .
For good measure you can also add all the multimedia you want and connect it to the database , you do n't know anything about either .
When looking at these ads one starts to wonder why people care about hacking in their HTML .
Front - end development is considered a task that can be fulfilled by any application or even the export filter of a graphics development program .
True , these applications do put out HTML and Javascript .
True , the results look good .
Wrong , they can replace a web developer .
They can replace a " web designer " , someone who hand - codes " HTML designs " .
When talking about HTML designs , I mean web sites without any other purpose but being eye candy .
Standalone , plain HTML documents , a few links , some rollovers , but no back end connections or interactvity .
Sites that are nothing but an ad can be safely done with them .
As soon as you need the site to fulfil a specific task , be really optimised and fit the other components in your development framework , these WYSIWYG editors ( like Dreamweaver , Frontpage , Adobe Pagemill and so forth ) stop being that handy .
The worst nightmare for a front - end developer is to be confronted with markup code generated by these programs .
A script or application can never optimise like a human being can , the code is bloated , unreadable and not logically structured in most of the cases .
Keeping in mind that the outcome was meant to look great for 20 minutes work , why would it ?
The user never sees the source code .
The developer does , and it's his job to keep it as small , fast and readable as possible .
Especially when you remember , that he might have to hand it over to another developer for changes .
The availability of web content is amazing and great , but also has a downside to it .
Content and code can be published immediately and is available to everybody .
This is very nice and actually one of the main reasons to make people start web developing .
After all it's easier to create your first web site than to try and get some time on TV or radio .
The downside of it is that content gets published without any quality testing .
Any enthusiastic developer , with more drive than skill .
creates some new , cool design or effect , and publishes it on his web site .
As it is cool and new , other developers see it , and implement it as well , to stand out from the crowd .
Looking at this effect closely makes it obvious that it only makes sense in a very restricted browser environment and only for some content .
Sometimes it might not even make sense at all .
Nevertheless it becomes more and more spread and used , and sooner or later customers will see it and want it as well .
Or colleagues see it , do n't realise the flaws it might have ( as it works on their browser ) and offer it to the customer .
Then the web developer gets asked to implement it , and gets blamed when it does fail in the quality test .
There is no such thing as free lunch .
Also there is no such thing as a perfect web site that you assemble from free content from the web without knowing what you do .
Script libraries and personal developer sites advertise their content much like software companies .
They claim their products have perfect output .
Truth is , you can find anything on the web , and that is great , but make sure you test it thoroughly before you even think about using it in a product someone pays you for .
To conclude , the web developer is the developer on the project that has it all : A very unstable display environment , a skill set that needs to range from code to design and usability , and the blame when the end product does not look the way it should .
It 's a hybrid position , you are someone that paints with code .
Programmers do n't accept your work as real code , and designers do n't consider it design .
Now you might be at the point where you ask yourself :
If that is such a horrid position in the development circle why bother taking it ?
Well , the love for the media I suppose .
The challenge to make things visible to users and not exclude a lot of them .
The hybrid position in between programmers and designers and dealing with both .
The satisfaction of seeing things you have done online and realising that people use it .
The immediate satisfaction of hacking in some funny words with brackets around them and controlling the layout of a text by doing so .
It is a position that needs constant improvement , and interest in the media you work for .
The days of front - end developers that attend a 2 day course and make a lot of money the week after are over .
Now it is the job to clean up the mess those " web designers " left behind .
To work with design and backend and project managers to make sure the customer gets something that is looking good and works fast and reliable .
So next time you think about smiling about those tag coders or HTML monkeys ( I saw that as an official title in a work contract ) you are welcome to try it yourself .
» More articles
» To onlinetools.org
Glenn Beck 's Sunday program was fetid little cauldron of wingnuttery featuring Michelle Malkin and that Ayn Rand fan , Stephen Moore .
Fortunately , the blonde
Fox political analyst , Kirsten Powers , managed to work in the only voice of sanity .
Beck has already gone off whatever rails
Fox might have had in mind for him this week , but on Sunday he made a special effort to weave it all together for us : America is doomed because liberals are going to destroy the economy now and Mexico is going to invade us or something .
Beck : Let 's say Mexico collapses .
All right , now you 've got out - of - control Zetas on our border , you 've got Texans who are already -- we 're missing 70 of them that have been kidnapped on the border , most people -- you do n't know , do ya ?
Powers : I think you sound like coocoo for Cocoa Puffs .
I mean , what are you talking about ?
We 're going to be invaded by Mexico ?
Beck then puffs himself up and condescends to Powers for the rest of the segment , while Malkin swoops in with a sneer or two , and Moore actually sides with Powers .
Well , as we already mentioned , Mexico is indeed having serious problems with the power of drug lords , but it is not on the verge of collapse -- particularly not , as Beck argued earlier in the week , because of the decline in remittances from America ( which only constitute about 2 % of the Mexican GDP ) .
Beck may raise some eyebrows over his first few weeks on Fox , but the impending - apocalypse schtick -- which is clearly where he 's taking the show -- gets real old real fast .
Especially because the people who rely on them constantly have to dream up new looming apocalypses and try to make you forget the last one that did n't pan out .
Problem with that is , audiences always remember .
At 3,000 meters ( 9,842 feet ) in the Andes herpetologists were surprised to discover a frog so small it could sit on a dime with room to spare .
Further study showed that this new species , named Noble ’s pygmy frog , is the smallest frog in the Andean mountain range .
The tiny frog took biologists by surprise since as a general rule species in higher altitudes tend to be larger than similar species in lower regions .
Measuring at less than half an inch , the Noble ’s pygmy frog is not only the smallest frog in the Andes , but one of the smallest vertebrates in the world above 3,000 meters .
Female Noble ’s pygmy frog attending her two eggs .
Unlike most of her relatives the female Noble ’s pygmy frog lays eggs that hatch not tadpoles , but actual infant frogs .
Instead of laying hundreds of eggs , she lays only two in a moist place , like under moss or the leaf litter .
The mother protects the eggs from drying out and hungry insects .
The status of the Noble ’s pygmy frog population is unknown , however the chytrid fungus that has devastated amphibians globally has also taken its toll in Peru .
Herpetologists hope the nature of the ecosystems in the Andes allows endangered frogs places to retreat to avoid the plague .
Male Noble ’s pygmy frog on index finger .
The frog was discovered in the cloud forests of Manu National Park in Peru .
The frog inhabits cloud forest , montane scrub , and the high - elevation grasslands located in the park and the privately - owned Wayqecha Research Station .
Ten new frog species have been discovered in these cloud forests in the last two years alone .
The new species is described by Edgar Lehr from the Senckenberg Natural History Collections in Dresden and Swiss - Peruvian ecologist Alessandro Catenazzi from the University of California at Berkeley in the latest issue of the journal Copeia .
Citation : Lehr , E. , and A. Catenazzi .
2009 .
A new species of minute Noblella ( Anura : Strabomantidae ) from southern Peru : the smallest frog of the Andes . Copeia 2009 ( 1 ) : 148-156 .
Related articles
Poison frog diversity linked to the Andes
( 03/10/2009 )
Electric colors , wild markings , and toxic skin have made poison frogs well - known inhabitants of the Amazon rainforest .
With 353 recognized species , and probably more awaiting discovery , poison frogs are an incredibly diverse group of amphibians .
While it has long been believed that the Amazon basin , itself , was the source of their diversity , a new study published in PLoS Biology has uncovered that the Andes mountain chain has served as an oven of evolutionary biodiversity for poison frogs over several million years .
Photos of new frogs discovered in Colombia
( 02/03/2009 )
Ten undescribed species of amphibians — including nine frog and one salamander — have been discovered in the mountains of Colombia , report scientists from Conservation International ( CI ) .
The “ new ” amphibians included spiky - skinned , orange - legged rain frog , three poison dart frogs and three glass frogs , named for their transparent skin .
The amphibians were discovered during a recent Rapid Assessment Program ( RAP ) expedition in the Tacarcuna area of the Darien , near the border with Panama .
Green - blooded , blue - boned frog discovered in Cambodia
( 12/18/2008 )
Researchers have discovered a previously unknown species of frog in Cambodia .
The amphibian is unusual in that is has green blood and turquoise - colored bones , a result of its transparent skin and a pigment that may make the species unpalatable to predators , according to Fauna & Flora International ( FFI ) .
The number of endangered amphibians in Peru may be underestimated
( 12/01/2008 )
The number of threatened amphibian species in Peru may be significantly underestimated , increasing the risk that conservation decisions will fail to account for their needs , report researchers writing in the December issue of Tropical Conservation Science .
7 new species of frog discovered in Ecuador
( 10/22/2008 )
Seven previously unknown species of frog discovered over the past two years by Ecuadorian researchers are already under threat from habitat loss , reports a newsletter from the IUCN Amphibian Specialist Group .
Good news for amphibians : three new species and one “ extinct ” frog discovered
( 10/01/2008 )
Amphibians have received a lot of bleak news recently .
Last week a report from the Zoological Society of London and EDGE stated that 50 percent of Europe ’s amphibians will go extinct by 2050 unless more is done for their conservation .
Meanwhile a report published in August found that one in three amphibians worldwide are threatened with extinction , while 200 species have already been lost since the 1980s .
Therefore the discovery of three new frog species and the rediscovery of one thought to be extinct provide a little respite from such bad tidings .
What Does Blogspace Look Like ?
I ’ve been analyzing the content of blogs lately , looking for patterns .
It ’s a huge amount of data , which makes for some tricky technical problems .
Finally , tonight , thanks to some help from friends and the Large Graph Layout package , I ’ve finally got some results .
And they ’re stunning .
Ladies and gentlemen , the blogosphere :
And , for fun , let ’s zoom in one one of those small splotches :
You should follow me on twitter here .
July 26 , 2006
