When will mainstream media stop claiming there 's a " positive " message in the Twilight books that inspired the eponymous teen - bait movie ?
The Twilight book series is many things , but empowering it is not .
The more you examine author Stephenie Meyer 's themes , the more obvious it becomes that her books are a thinly - veiled religious screed against teen sex .
Spoilers for the Twilight series after the jump .
Advertisement
Of course Meyer should be allowed to write her own values into Twilight and its sequels , but we are doing young readers a disservice by rubber - stamping these books without a forewarning of what lies within .
Twilight , a book ostensibly about supernatural vampires , werewolves , and adolescent angst , is featured at Mormon bookstores and supported by the Church 's followers .
The Salt Lake City Deseret Times named Meyer its favorite author behind Orson Scott Card .
While it is refreshing to see an influential religious group embracing alternative genres instead of shunning them , one has to wonder what makes Twilight so special .
Meyer has said that there are elements of her devout Mormonism in the story ( it opens with a quote from Genesis ) , and those who have read her know she is an unselfconscious writer .
It is not hard to view many of the motifs as inspired by the author 's religion : even her vampires enjoy an exquisitely gifted eternal life together as a family after choosing the path of virtue rejected by others of their kind .
Advertisement
All this adulation is not earned because the books are fine works of literature .
I 'm consistently amazed by how many critics , bloggers and reviewers have given Stephenie Meyer a free pass .
Twilight features some of the least - polished published writing I 've ever read and is the sort of unrepentant Mary Sue wish - fulfillment most of us construct when we first sit down to write .
Bella Swan ( because ' Lovely McGirl ' was taken ) moves to the foggy town of Forks for some reason .
Her main personality traits are terminal clumsiness and total self - effacement , and most of her activities involve cooking and cleaning for her estranged father while Weird Things Happen at her school .
Speaking of school , it turns out everyone there wants to be her friend and the male population falls all over her ( Bella does n't know how gorgeous she is , of course ) .
The only person who 's even more gorgeous than Bella is Edward Cullen , sparkly vampire extraordinaire , and the reason we 've all been subject to Pattinson 's face on 20 - foot billboards .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
We 're meant to love the perfectly muscled , handsome , rich , perfect , flawless Edward , of the auburn hair and topaz eyes , as much as Bella and Meyer immediately do .
And it seems that a great majority of the book - buying public — especially female adolescents , and their mothers — have fallen for the vampire hook , line , and sinker .
But they would be so much better off spending their time with seasons of Buffy .
Edward makes Buffy 's boyfriend Angel seem a cheerful fellow and her lover Spike 's antics romantic by comparison .
Advertisement
Edward and Bella fall into swoony " love , " defined by little else than their declarations of it and adjectives lavished on Edward 's beauty .
He also wants to eat her .
Along the way , Edward increasingly takes away Bella 's agency : he stalks her , watches her sleep at night , drives her everywhere , isolates her from family , limits her movements , and carries her off at the drop of a hat .
While critics have mostly ignored the underlying misogyny , many web comments and reader reviews have mentioned that Edward 's behavior evokes that of an abusive partner .
Were he not a vampire , he would be in prison .
Meyer has received infinite praise for not allowing her characters to engage in premarital sex .
Twilight 's " chastity buzz " is no doubt a large reason it has been given to many children as " safe " reading material and featured prominently on display and in many book clubs .
But open Meyer 's books and you will not find soft ruminations on spiritual love .
Instead , Bella 's teenage passions are consistently thwarted by her decades - old suitor .
If she does n't faint while kissing him , Edward will pry her off and get angry , unable to control himself .
What a wonderful lesson for little girls .
Advertisement
Since Edward wo n't sleep with Bella until they 're married , and will hurt her because he 's a vampire , the denouement is saved for the fourth book .
It 's in the highly - anticipated Breaking Dawn that Meyer goes too far pushing her personal values on unsuspecting readers .
There is nothing wrong with chastity , and nothing wrong with sex , either .
Science fiction and fantasy fans are used to a long tease : we watch shows and read series for years without our favorite characters hooking up , and the relationships are often the better for it .
We 'll wait .
But after making readers pine for more than a thousand pages , Meyer finally gives the couple a fade - to - black : " ' Forever , ' he agreed , and then pulled us gently into deeper water . "
Then Bella wakes up bruised and bloodied and angsty Edward never wants to do such horrible things to her ever again .
Another wonderful lesson for little girls .
The book then manages to completely jump the shark and become a virtual pro-life P.S.A. when Meyer falls for the easiest of amateur fanfiction traps and makes her protagonist pregnant .
Advertisement
The too - predictable plotline would be bad enough without statements like this from Bella : " This child , Edward 's child , was a whole different story .
I wanted him like I wanted air to breathe .
Not a choice — a necessity . "
Never mind that Bella , 18 , had never wanted children and had been arguing with her husband about going to college , which he summarily dismissed .
But then bad Edward wants to give Bella an abortion because he knows their half - vampire / human baby will kill her !
" He leaned away and looked me in the eye .
' We 're going to get that thing out before it can hurt any part of you .
Do n't be scared .
I wo n't let it hurt you . '
' That thing ? '
I gasped ... Edward had just called my little nudger a thing .
He said Carlisle would get it out .
" No , " I whispered . "
You see , Bella often refers to her unborn child as " her little nudger , " since it grows inside her at an unnatural rate .
Yes , she does .
Advertisement
Once Meyer is over her anti-abortion hysterics , she has Bella endure a truly horrific pregnancy and birthing sequence , stretching untold pages .
I found much of it so gruesome and awful as to be almost impossible to read — and I was in a horror film class where we watched Rosemary 's Baby and The Brood for homework .
I shudder to think of the preteen readers who waited on line for Breaking Dawn and found their heroine getting her ribs and spine cracked from the inside out by a hybrid vampire baby .
Advertisement
Is the Twilight series pushing its own kind of morality along with its love story ?
I think so — and it is an element that parents and teachers need to be aware is in the books .
The narrative suggests that it is better to submit and sublimate yourself to a superior being than to be your own person .
Having a will of one 's own is not conducive to Meyer 's brand of love and living .
Only heterosexual relationships are explored , and ( married ! ) sex is always a power play with painful consequences .
Plus it is preferable to be a teenage mother above all else , even if it kills you .
Some fans were in an uproar over Bella 's easy dismissal of Native American werewolf Jacob Black , who had long been a rival for her affection — but do n't worry too much about Jacob .
In what may be the most disturbing development of Breaking Dawn outside of its snapping ribs , Jacob " imprints " on Bella 's infant daughter ( the unfortunately - named Renesmee ) , meaning he 'll loom around creepily all her life waiting until she 's of marriageable age to claim .
These are the family values that have buoyed up Stephenie Meyer 's sales figures .
Advertisement
There 's no denying that Meyer can evoke a visceral reaction , and that her writing , no matter how flat , has taken hold of the public imagination .
Her ear for dialogue and capacity for action is stronger than her description , and the books will likely be that rare creature — better in film than on paper .
The studio will no doubt be green - lighting sequels after the Twilight movie takes off , but I 'd love to see how they 'd handle Breaking Dawn 's reproductive issues .
The insane popularity of Bella and Edward 's overwrought romance would warm my heart ( kids are reading ! ) were it based on substance and self - respect , but both are strangely lacking in the world Stephenie Meyer made .
They never needed sex ; these two were damned from the start .
The first step in redevelopment was renovating and " right - sizing " the mall to half its previous size .
PREIT added features , such as a Krazy City arcade and game center , but some storefronts remain vacant , and Boscov 's is in bankruptcy .
Shoppers were scarce one day last week , and community - event advertising kiosks were months out of date .
Obama 's limo will be a Caddy like no other Truck - based limo 's windows , body built to repel projectiles
After President Obama takes the oath of office in January , he may have a shiny new black limousine to go along with his not - so - new White House .
General Motors is believed to be putting the final touches on a new first car .
An analysis of unauthorized photographs taken while the car was being tested last summer on public roads suggests that the presidential ride will be a truck - based Cadillac .
It will presumably replace the Cadillac that President Bush has used since 2005 .
This new car will be a Caddy like no other .
The photos by Chris Doane , a spy photographer who hunts big automotive game - future models that have n't been publicly revealed - for magazines and Web sites , provide clues about how specialized presidential transportation has become since the first White House fleet was ordered for William Howard Taft in 1909 .
President
Taft rode in a stock
White steam car or a conventional Pierce - Arrow , but the next president will travel in a fortresslike vehicle that was mostly built from scratch .
The photographer noted that the limousine was being tested , possibly for comparison purposes , with a pair of GMC Topkick medium - duty trucks .
The limousine seemed to be riding on the same 19 1/2 - inch Goodyear Regional RHS tires as the trucks , indicating that it is far heavier than a civilian Cadillac - even the longest stretch limousines built with the GM division 's heavy - duty coachbuilder package .
Indeed , it is believed that the limo is based on GM 's 2500 line of trucks , which includes an extra - heavy - duty version of the Suburban .
Although the raised roof and wide windshield pillars are inherited from the ultra- armored limousines that entered presidential service in 2001 , only educated guesses can be made about the technical details .
Because neither the Secret Service nor General Motors will discuss the car , or even confirm that a new one has been under development , it is impossible to provide basic specifications or dimensions .
Calls to Cadillac 's media relations department were not returned , and the Secret Service declined to comment .
So people who are curious about such things look for clues and make deductions .
I have spent almost 30 years paying close attention to presidential vehicles as part of my interest in what are called professional cars , which also include hearses and ambulances .
( I am the author of " Professional Cars : Ambulances , Hearses and Flower Cars , " Krause Publications , 2004 . )
Other sources I have consulted on cars used by past presidents include " Presidential Cars and Transportation " by William D. Siuru Jr. and Andrea Stewart ( Krause Publications , 1995 ) and " Presidents on Wheels " by Herbert Ridgeway Collins ( Bonanza Books , 1971 ) .
But my interest has me looking for clues wherever I can find them .
For example , television clips showing Bush entering and exiting the rear doors of his limos indicate that the windows are at least 5 inches thick , almost twice the depth of what was used on presidential limousines in the 1980s and '90s .
While I do not know what type of weapons such thick windows are designed to guard against , a half - inch of transparent armor is enough to stop a . 44 Magnum round at point - blank range ; at a thickness of 1 1 / 4 to 1 1/ 2 inches , the same material can withstand higher - velocity bullets fired from military assault rifles .
Were an attack to occur , the ballistic forces of bullets fired into the windows would be absorbed within a succession of glass and plastic layers , after which a flexible inner coating known as an anti-spall shield would keep glass from entering the passenger compartment .
Though the materials protecting the car 's body are also classified , they are probably intended to break up incoming projectiles with a hard substance before their energy is dissipated by a soft substance .
Material traditionally used for this purpose includes dual - hardness steel , aluminum , titanium and ceramics .
Large steel overlaps are also typically added to the body openings of armored autos to deter attackers who might try shooting through the door gaps .
Denied the convertible tops and sunroofs that were once found on presidents ' cars , and seated behind glass that is half as transparent and several times as sound - absorbent as that of a standard car , the president has limited interaction with the public while inside his limo .
But he can make his presence known by turning on fluorescent interior lighting that makes him visible to bystanders , or by using the built - in public address system .
Aircraft tie - downs welded to the chassis allow the limousine to be transported aboard a military cargo jet , which also often carries the Secret Service 's Suburban escort vehicles and at least one limo used as a backup or decoy .
On television footage of a trip to Pakistan in March 2000 , it appeared as though President Bill Clinton 's motorcade used five decoy cars .
Thus , it is likely that GM is building not just one new presidential limousine , but perhaps two or three that can be used as backups or decoys .
There will be no way of knowing until the cars are seen together .
Presidential limos would have great appeal to collectors .
But the Secret Service has shown no enthusiasm for letting recent White House cars fall into private hands .
When the cars are retired , they often disappear , to be destroyed or used in Secret Service training .
The Department of State also uses specialized vehicles , and the agency 's disposal methods have been detailed in a document entitled " Bureau of Diplomatic Security 's February 2004 Armored Vehicle Program . "
Methods include burial at sea , explosive demolition , burning , crushing or burial on land controlled by the federal government .
In the same spirit , the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Ark. , was not given the keys to the 42nd president 's 1993 Cadillac Fleetwood , which is displayed there .
" We can dust the outside of the car , but if we needed to get inside it , we would have to contact the regional Secret Service office , " Christine Mouw , the library curator , said in an interview .
" We 've had requests from people to exhibit it with the doors open , but we 're told we can't do it for security reasons , which is logical . "
Sarah Palin Turkey Pardon / Slaughter Video
pardoned a turkey at a farm in Wasilla , Alaska , then conducted an interview afterward while turkeys were being slaughtered in the background .
WARNING : This video is graphic
Cameras rolled for Palin 's post - pardon interview as a worker at the Triple D Farm and Hatchery began processing turkeys behind her , stuffing them headfirst into the killing cone .
There seems to be a real disconnect in this country about where our food comes from .
It does n't originate on the shelves at your local supermarket .
Now , do n't get me wrong , I 'm a meat eater and consume it on a regular basis , however , I am acutely aware of where it comes from .
The media is , of course , having a heyday over the video and I expect a very strong reaction from the PETA wing nuts .
View the Sarah Palin turkey videos below , both the MSNBC edited version , and the unedited version .
MSNBC edited Sara Palin turkey pardon video
Unedited turkey slaughter video
( Below is a link for a graphic description of the killing cone method of slaughtering turkeys .
It bears repeating that this site is GRAPHIC and if you still have your head in the sand about where your Thanksgiving dinner comes from , you may want to rethink visiting this site . )
This is the killing cone method for slaughtering turkeys .
During the 2003 U.S. - led invasion of Iraq , one of my friends referred to CNN as PNN .
It was short for the Pentagon News Network .
He used this term because the coverage was hopelessly tilted in favour of the Bush administration .
Most people think of Fox News as the broadcasting arm of the Republican Party .
However , a media watchdog group , Media Matters for America , pointed out today that CNN still sometimes provides just the right spin for the GOP .
During the CNN Newsroom show , correspondent Dana Bash repeated Republican presidential candidate John McCain 's oft - stated claim that his rival , Barack Obama , will raise taxes , whereas McCain will cut them .
Media Matters for America highlighted on its Web site that Bash , who is married to CNN correspondent John King , failed to mention that Obama 's plan will cut taxes for low - and middle - income Americans .
With Obama enjoying a growing lead in the polls , it 's unlikely that Bash 's report will have any impact on the outcome .
Meanwile , some are taking action to reduce the likelihood of this presidential election being stolen .
A U.S. group called Election Integrity is seeking volunteers to conduct citizen exit polls to provide independent oversight over the results .
" The vulnerability of US voting systems to mass scale fraud has been well documented , but little has been done to establish meaningful checks , " the group stated in a widely disseminated e-mail .
" Bad as the last few elections have been , coming elections -- including this one -- could be worse . "
One of the experts involved in the project , University of Pennsylvannia professor Steven Freeman , a blogger and coauthor of a brilliant book called Was the 2004 Election Stolen ?
After conducting exhaustive statistical research , Freeman reported in the book that there was a 250 million to one chance that discrepancies between voting results and exit polls could have occurred simultaneously by chance in Pennsylvannia , Ohio , and Florida .
Freeman , an organizational - dynamics professor , teaches research methods and survey design .
Of course , PNN , er CNN , is not paying a great deal of attention to the possibility that the 2008 presidential election could be stolen .
That would be un-American because elections , as the media tell us , are only pilfered in countries like Ukraine and Zimbabwe , not the good old USA .
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The government restructured its bailout of American International Group Inc , raising the package to a record $ 150 billion with easier terms , after a smaller rescue plan failed to stabilize the ailing insurance giant .
The Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department announced the new plan on Monday as AIG reported a record third - quarter loss of $ 24.47 billion , largely from write - downs of investments .
The new package , at least $ 27 billion more than was previously extended , will leave the government exposed to billions of dollars of potential losses .
AIG , once the world ’s largest insurer by market value , nearly collapsed after being forced to post large amounts of collateral related to exposure to complex derivatives known as credit default swaps .
Many of these securities were linked to the performance of residential mortgages , and lost value as the U.S. housing downturn mushroomed into a global credit crisis .
“ We cannot continue to hemorrhage cash in the two areas of securities lending and credit default swaps , ” Chief Executive Edward Liddy said on a conference call .
“ We need to stop that , and we need to stop it now . ”
Under the new plan , the government will get a $ 40 billion equity stake in AIG , spend as much as $ 30 billion on securities underlying the insurer ’s credit default swaps , and spend up to $ 22.5 billion to buy residential mortgage securities .
It will also reduce a previously announced credit line to $ 60 billion from $ 85 billion , and lower interest rates on borrowings .
AIG will also accept curbs on executive pay , including a freeze of bonuses for its top 70 executives .
“ The restructured bailout should give AIG the flexibility to sell assets in an orderly manner for closer to their intrinsic values rather than fire - sale prices , ” CreditSights Inc analyst Rob Haines said .
“ Moreover , we believe that it will help to restore confidence in AIG ’s global franchise . ”
Shares of AIG were up 26 cents , or 12.3 percent , at $ 2.37 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The cost of protecting AIG debt against default declined , indicating that investors see less risk .
‘ ROBUST DISCUSSIONS ’
AIG will issue preferred shares to the government that carry a 10 percent dividend .
The government will maintain its roughly 80 percent stake in AIG , making it the biggest beneficiary of the revised bailout .
In an interview , Liddy said it ’s possible the ownership stake could fall as AIG gets its finances in order .
“ Once all of this is repaid , and we do n’t need that ( credit ) facility anymore , I think we will have some rather robust discussions about that ownership percentage , ” he said .
He acknowledged the possibility , though , that even $ 150 billion might not be enough .
“ There is more breathing room , but the answer is , ‘ What do you think is going to happen to capital markets ? ’ ” he said .
“ Under any normal scenario , I think we are in pretty good shape .
But you can never say never . ”
The $ 40 billion equity infusion comes from the $ 700 billion financial bailout package passed into law last month .
That package was originally intended for banks , and AIG is the first company other than a bank to get money from it .
It was created after the government announced the original $ 85 billion bailout package for AIG on September 16 .
A man walks out of the main entrance of the headquarters of American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) in New York , November 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
“ Today ’s action was a one - off event , ” Neel Kashkari , the Treasury Department ’s interim assistant secretary for financial stability , said at a conference in New York .
“ It is not the start of a new program . ”
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said “ AIG , being clearly within that financial service sector , is what Congress had in mind when it passed the rescue package . ”
She called AIG “ a large , interconnected firm , ” and said the new package “ will allow AIG to continue to restructure themselves in a way that will not hurt the overall economy . ”
A Treasury Department official said a member of President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team was briefed on the transaction Sunday night .
The $ 60 billion credit line will mature in five years , while the $ 85 billion line was set to mature in two years .
A longer maturity could reduce the potential that AIG would have to quickly sell assets at depressed prices to help repay the government .
The Fed slashed the interest rate on the credit line by 5.5 percentage points , to 3 percentage points above the three - month Libor ( London Interbank Offered Rate ) .
BIG QUARTERLY LOSS
The revised plan depends on the government being able to convince holders of securities underlying AIG credit default swaps to sell them to the government , likely at a discount .
“ The biggest questions attached to these new vehicles are who is going to take how big of a haircut , and when , ” said Donald Light , an analyst at Celent LLC in San Francisco .
Struggling automakers General Motors Corp , Ford Motor Co and Chrysler LLC have also requested tens of billions of dollars in government help .
AIG posted a quarterly loss of $ 24.47 billion , or $ 9.05 per share , compared with a profit of $ 3.09 billion , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier .
Revenue fell to $ 898 million from $ 29.8 billion , reflecting the write - downs .
AIG also had $ 1.39 billion in catastrophe losses , primarily from Hurricanes Gustav and Ike .
Credit default swaps led AIG to $ 18 billion in losses in the nine months ended June 30 .
The cost of protecting $ 10 million of AIG debt against default for five years fell on Monday to $ 1.9 million up front plus $ 500,000 annually , according to Markit Intraday .
The upfront payment was $ 4.9 million on Friday .
DIGG THIS
The questions now being asked are :
Where to go from here and who ’s to blame for the downfall of the Republican Party ?
Too bad the concern for the future of the Republican Party had not been seriously addressed in the year 2000 when the Republicans gained control of the House , Senate , and the Presidency .
Now , in light of the election , many are asking : What is the future of the Republican Party ?
But that is the wrong question .
The proper question should be :
Where is our country heading ?
There ’s no doubt that a large majority of Americans believe we ’re on the wrong track .
That ’s why the candidate demanding " change " won the election .
It mattered not that the change offered was no change at all , only a change in the engineer of a runaway train .
Once it ’s figured out what is fundamentally wrong with our political and economic system , solutions can be offered .
If the Republican Party can grasp hold of the policy changes needed , then the party can be rebuilt .
In the rise and fall of the recent Republican reign of power these past decades , the goal of the party had grown to be only that of gaining and maintaining power — with total sacrifice of the original Republican belief in shrinking the size of government .
Most Republicans endorsed this view in order to achieve victories at the polls .
Limiting government power and size with less spending and a balanced budget as the goal used to be a " traditional " Republican value .
This is what Goldwater and Reagan talked about .
That is what the Contract with America stood for .
Read the rest of the article
November 13 , 2008
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
On October 14 , 1964 , after being deposed by his rivals at a Central Committee meeting , primarily for being an " international embarassment , " Nikita Khrushchev , who until only moments earlier was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , sat down in his office and wrote two letters .
Later , his successor , Leonid Brezhnev , upon taking office found the two letters and a note Khrushchev had attached :
" To my successor :
When you find yourself in a hopeless situation which you cannot escape , open the first letter , and it will save you .
Later , when you again find yourself in a hopeless situation from which you cannot escape , open the second letter . "
And soon enough , Brezhnev found himself in a situation which he could n't get himself out of , and in desperation he tore open the first letter .
It said simply , " Blame it all on me . "
This Brezhnev did , blaming Khrushchev for the latest problems , and it worked like a miracle , saving him and extending his career .
However , in due time Brezhnev found himself in another disaster from which he could not extricate himself .
Without despairing he eagerly searched his office and found the second letter , which he tore open desperate for its words of salvation .
It read thus :
" Sit down , and write two letters . "
I still remember the first time I saw Google Earth–back when it was known as Keyhole Earth viewer and was n’t yet owned by Google–and how its intensely graphical virtual portal to the real world ’s geographic richness knocked my socks off .
Last week , Google gave me a sneak peek at Google Earth for iPhone and iPod Touch , which is live in the iPhone App Store in Australia now and due in the U.S. store soon
And once again , I was dazzled .
The iPhone version of Google Earth is dazzling because …well , because it feels just like Google Earth , but it ’s also very much an iPhone app .
It begins with the same big - blue - marble view of the earth ; enter any location , and you can fly there via smooth animation and high - resolution satellite imagery .
Once you ’ve landed somewhere , you can pan around , zoom in and out , and click on Wikipedia and Panaramio icons to read articles and see photos relating to local landmarks .
In the hands - on time I got at Google ’s offices , at least , everything was remarkably fluid and fast , just as with deskbound versions of Google Earth .
Desktop versions of the application include a driving - directions feature ; the iPhone edition uses GPS to identify your location and lets you do local searching ( say , to find pizza places in Naples ) but does n’t do directions .
It ’s possible to click from a location in Google Earth over to the iPhone ’s Maps app reasonably seamlessly , but returning to Google Earth is n’t so smooth –the app has to relaunch .
This is n’t really a massive defect , though , since it makes more sense to get your driving directions in Maps in the first place .
This version of Google Earth is missing a fair amount of the desktop edition ’s other functionality , too , such as 3D buildings and various mapping tools .
( Google says it ’ll continue to add new features to future versions ; it also says it ’s thinking about versions for other mobile platforms , such as–surprise ! –its own Android OS . )
But Google Earth ’s basic user interface is much better on the iPhone than on the desktop versions–and a lot more fun–since it takes full advantage of the iPhone .
You can zip around the planet with your fingertip and zoom in and out by pinching ; tilt the phone , and Google Earth uses the iPhone ’s accelerometer to keep your view level .
It ’s one of the best apps to date for demonstrating the things that make an iPhone an iPhone .
Google Earth is new to the iPhone , but a $ 4.99 iPhone app called Earthscape has provided a Google Earth - esque experience for a while now .
The real Google Earth trumps Earthscape in several ways–it has much more high - resolution imagery , and a better touch interface .
But I do miss one Earthscape feature in Google Earth :
The ability to snap photos with the iPhone ’s camera and have them show up in the appropriate geographic location in the virtual world .
It would be cool if Google Earth for iPhone gained that feature someday .
But Google Earth for iPhone and iPod Touch is pretty darn cool as is–I ’d call it an armchair approach to tourism if it were n’t for the fact that you can take it anywhere .
And it pretty much goes without saying that it ’s free .
Herewith , some images ( these were created by Google ) :
Read more :
Via Leslie M. Orchard , I came across this critique of Andrew Dupont 's book on on Prototype and script.aculo.us by Mark Bernstein :
When chemists consult a volume about professional chemical technique , or when surgeons reach for the latest update on neuroanatomy , they can usually find a book that is n’t couched in terms of silly examples and jokes .
So can poets , mathematicians , and geologists .
For some reason , though , it has become the accepted practice that language manuals should spend lots of time with silly , self - deprecating jokes , and that their example applications should be breakfast loggers and fantasy football leagues ( or , conversely , payroll programs ) . [...]
I do n't need the inevitable chapter 1 pitch for the wonderfulness of Javascript and the badness of MSIE , but it might be a good place for a quick summary for the pros .
Call by reference • no pointers • primitives are objects • everything has a prototype slot • parens ( ) do this , braces {} do that , brackets [ ] do something else • single and double quotes are different .
Kernighan & Ritchie did this so well in C , and it ’s not like we ’re not familiar with their example .
Leslie disagrees ; I do n't : I have had the same problem with many books , especially on the new and hip stuff such as Ruby and Rails .
To me , too , Kernighan and Ritchie 's C Programming Language is the perfect model for a book on a programming language , and most other technical topics , too .
And I very much prefer The Ruby Programming Language to The Pickaxe for the same reason .
Butcher and Bolt : Two Hundred Years of Foreign Engagement in Afghanistan
David Loyn
Hutchinson , 351 pp , £ 18.99
The Duke of Wellington was a cantankerous reactionary but he knew a thing or two about Afghanistan : " a small army would be annihilated and a large one starved " .
On 13 January 1842 , a sharp - eyed sentry in Jalalabad saw the more - dead - than - alive figure of the British army surgeon Dr William Brydon crossing the plain , struggling to stay on his pony .
He had a bad head wound and was bleeding from the hand .
When eventually the pony was taken into a stable , it lay down and died .
Roughly 16,000 British troops and camp followers had n't made it from Kabul - one of the most terrible defeats of British military might in the 19th century , commemorated in Lady Elizabeth Butler 's painting Remnants of an Army .
Brydon was the sole survivor .
The massacre of Lord Elphinstone 's army prompted a series of revenge attacks by the British , which developed into wars .
In 1849 , 1850 and 1851 , huge numbers of British troops swarmed into Afghanistan , butchered and then bolted .
And still the Afghans fought back .
In 1860 the British took Peking but a few years later they were back in Afghanistan 's borderlands with 12,500 troops - more than the army needed in order to subdue the Chinese capital - and still the Afghans fought back .
In 1878 came the Battle of Sangin .
The British had immense advantages in material - better guns , better communications , better everything - but still the Afghans fought back .
On 17 January 1880 a small and extremely emaciated Talib , or religious student , approached a group of British Royal Engineers in Kandahar and tried to stab Sergeant Miller to death .
This incident was the first recorded suicide attack in Kandahar .
The Afghans were fighting back , asymmetrically .
The British looked at the map and drew a line - a smudge , more like - along the highest ridges of the Suleiman Mountains , dooming generations of local people yet unborn to almost constant war .
Right now , US drones are buzzing along that very line between Pakistan and Afghanistan and getting shot down .
In 1893 the Amir of Afghanistan , a " cunning rogue " named Abdur Rahman , talked sweetly with the British but also wrote a book in which he attacked the infidel and called for jihad , using exactly the same extracts of the Quran as Osama Bin Laden did a century later .
The Afghans were fighting back , ideologically .
At the fag end of the 19th century Sir Lepel Griffin , a man of rare sceptical intelligence , wrote to the Times , thundering : " this policy consists in spending a quarter of a million annually on a post of defence and observation which defends and observes nothing , and on the maintenance of a road which leads nowhere " .
Oh dear .
And after that came the Russians in 1979 , and exactly the same thing happened to them .
And now it 's happening to the Americans and the British .
Captain Leo Docherty , an officer of the Guards , fought battles in Sangin in 2006 that were first fought in 1878 .
He reflected on British policy : no proper plan , but " disjointed ill - considered directives from headquarters . . . an illusion . . . the time spent there now seems to be an egotistical folly . . . a tragic replay of Soviet clumsiness " .
Oh dear me .
David Loyn , a long - time BBC foreign affairs reporter , has written a brilliant history book of Afghanistan 's wars of the past two centuries , but more importantly the evidence he amasses poses a primary question about the war being fought inside Afghanistan : are we sure this is a good idea ?
The lesson from history suggests it might not be .
This presents a horrible quandary .
Al - Qaeda committed mass murder in Manhattan on 11 September 2001 and the whole operation was cooked up in Bin Laden 's bases in Afghanistan .
If the west 's forces - chiefly the United States , Britain and Canada - pull out , it is inevitable that the Taliban will return to power and that al - Qaeda wo n't be far behind .
General Sir Mike Jackson , the most thoughtful British soldier for a generation , said a few months ago that the war must be fought , because otherwise we hand over Afghanistan to the Taliban and then on to al - Qaeda .
Anyone who believes that the Taliban / al - Qaeda do n't pose a threat to the western world is daft .
Too many people have died in Baghdad , Islamabad , Madrid , Bali and London since the 11 September 2001 attacks for anyone to hold the idea that the threat is imaginary or that the US will just turn the other cheek .
On the other hand , the Afghan narrative is almost absurdly unchanging .
Any foreign military adventure in Afghanistan is doomed to fail : the land is unforgiving and the people are hostile , secure in their Islamic faith - which ratchets up to a fresh level of purist absolutism with every bomb that falls .
They may lose battle after battle , but still they fight .
Loyn writes well of the Soviet invasion , of how the Soviet generals bombed , tortured and shot civilians willy - nilly , and yet still they lost and had to leave Afghanistan in defeat .
He quotes the great Italian journalist Tiziano Terzani : " War is not a profession for Bin Laden and his people .
It 's a mission .
Its roots lie in the faith they acquired in the close - minded Quranic schools , and above all in their deep feelings of defeat and impotence , in the humiliation of a civilisation , Islam , which was once great and feared but which now finds itself increasingly marginalised and offended by the overwhelming power and arrogance of the west . "
Is there a solution ?
Probably not .
Absolutist Islam lacks the means but not the will to defeat the west .
The west has the means but not the will to defeat absolutist Islam , least of all inside Afghanistan .
However , it might help if we dumped well - intentioned fantasy .
Loyn makes the point , again and again , that first British , then Soviet , and now US policy on Afghanistan has been formed by tellers of fairy tales in London , Moscow and Washington and not by the complicated and difficult reality on the ground .
It is clear that he admires much about Afghans .
He is one of very few reporters who have spent time with the Taliban - and found the men who protected him personally honourable , respected by their communities and very much in control on the ground .
He is not mindless of the dark side in Afghanistan : of how , in the chaos after the Russians left , a tank battle took place between two commanders as they both wanted sex with the same boy ; how the Taliban murders schoolteachers who seek to give girls an education ; how the Taliban 's logic acts like a kind of " anti-matter " , a black hole that engulfs the western mind .
Loyn is clear that much of the " mud " attached to the Taliban can more accurately be applied to the entire Afghan mindset , especially that of the Pashtun heartland : deeply conservative , contemptuous of externally imposed " democracy " , unbothered about liberal rights or the education of women .
He writes that " the simple narrative of heroes and demons - ' mujahedin good , Taliban bad ' - imposed on Afghanistan was another externally drawn picture : an Afghanistan of the western mind " .
In 2001 , a few days after western troops marched into Kabul , some BBC colleagues and I drove up from the south through the Khyber Pass and entered Afghanistan .
The people did n't look overjoyed to see us .
Near Jalalabad , going in the opposite direction to Dr Brydon on his dying pony , our driver suddenly picked up speed and began to drive murderously fast .
We were being chased by the Taliban .
A few hours later , four foreign journalists were murdered on the same road , almost certainly by the people who had pursued us .
If this was a liberation , it was n't universally popular , to put it mildly .
I remember listening , once we arrived in Kabul , to people like William Reeve , the BBC reporter in Kabul before , during and after the 11 September attacks who got bombed out of his chair by the Americans , got back in it and carried on broadcasting .
He said that the Taliban had stopped poppy production , had stopped corrupt roadblocks springing up everywhere , had enforced " sharia " law - and any form of justice is better than the anarchy that flows from gun law .
As far as Afghans were concerned , the Taliban were n't as black as they had been painted .
The solution for people who have spent a long time in Afghanistan was a different one : to work with the Taliban and somehow to uncouple the Afghan fighters from al - Qaeda .
Seven years of killing later , it feels a bit too late to try that now .
So , western policy seems glued to fighting a war that many people in the know are now saying the west is never going to win : " We 're here because we 're here because we 're here . . . "
Butcher and Bolt challenges such rigidity of thinking .
Loyn rubbishes the Americans ' supernatural belief in technology above all things , and points out that the Taliban have one and a half million recruits in Pakistan 's madrasas , just over the border .
It is a bleak conclusion to a book that should be a must - read for every politician who sends our squaddies into Afghanistan - but one based fairly and squarely on the weight of history .
John Sweeney is an award - winning investigative journalist
Oil Prices Plunge to Below $ 70 per Barrel
Image : Svadilfari
But what about gas prices ?
Today the NYTimes reports that oil prices have fallen below the $ 70 mark for the first time in 16 months .
With the markets spiraling downwards , I doubt that many people have looked at the price of oil recently , but it has been on a steady slide since it reached its peak of $ 145 this summer .
I ’m sure most of you remember watching oil prices carefully at the time , what with gas prices soaring to over $ 4 / gallon nationwide and many people cutting back on driving or learning how to ecodrive .
However , what you might not be noticing is a fall in the price of gasoline that corresponds to the radical decrease in the price of crude .
Oil has fallen because consumption looks to be lower in the future due to the current crisis and possibility of economic recession .
While the Times talks about how these rapid swings in crude oil prices could destabilize the world energy markets , what they do not talk about is how these lower oil prices will affect consumers at the pump .
I ’m not a fan of cheap gas from an environmentalist perspective , but it ’s hard not to notice that the price of gas in my area has only dropped about 50 cents ( ~13 % ) in the same period that the price of crude oil has dropped more than %50 .
Is this more evidence of price gouging or do you think something bigger is going on ?
If so , what ?
Let ’s here what you think in the comments .
If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Popularity : 3 % [ ?]
At its most polished , under Atwater and Rove , there ’s a sharkish cunning to Republican strategy .
This year we ’re not even getting that .
McCain ’s campaign has been incoherent , desperate , and contradictory .
One day McCain is against inexperience ; the next he ’s selecting a complete incompetent .
One day he ’s a centrist who ’s going to reach across the aisle ; the next he ’s pandering to the Christianists .
He suspends his campaign to deal with the financial crisis , only to unsuspend it two days later with no help given .
He ’s against paltry people like community organizers , only he ’s for plumbers .
He ’s for change , though he ca n’t explain what he ’d change .
He ’s going to cut taxes more and balance the budget .
He was completely behind the $ 700 billion buyout , but reforming health care is “ socialist ” .
Reporters like McCain because he does n’t have the filters politicians usually do .
But this is n’t straight talk ; it ’s popping out whatever tomfool notion is currently in his head .
Even in foreign policy he ’s out of touch .
He does n’t seem to realize that Maliki ’s desire to reduce US troop levels in Iraq matches Obama ’s policy , not his own .
He talks about exporting Petraeus ’s strategy to Afghanistan , without understanding the different situation ( notably , no Sunni / Shi`a division ) or Petraeus ’s own insistence that local conditions be taken into account .
He mocks Obama ’s willingness to talk to Iran , again despite Petraeus ’s calm statement that “ you always talk to your enemies ” .
He claims that he “ knows ” how to find bin Laden … as Slate points out , if he knows , should n’t he have informed his friend the President ?
McCain is starting to bristle at comparisons to Bush ; but he ca n’t explain how he’d be any different , and his campaign has descended into pure Rovism , relying on complete bullshit like ACORN .
All in all , it ’s been a gift to Obama , who ’s run a disciplined campaign with impressive grassroots that already beat a much more formidable rival .
Trying to paint Obama as a radical just invites comparisons between the frothy - mouthed McCain and Palin and the cool , sensible Obama .
A lot of pundits are almost giddy over the collapse of conservativism .
That ’s greatly exaggerated .
Rather , what we ’re seeing is deep fissures in the Republican coalition , the one that Rove & company intended to produce a permanent majority .
Since Nixon , the party has been an alliance of plutocrats and the religious right– with the plutocrats in ultimate control .
( The few times that Bush has been willing to defy his own base , note that it ’s always in favor of Big Money : on immigration reform , and on the bank buyout . )
McCain has dived so far to the right that the business class and the conservative elite are abandoning ship .
When sight can be tiring and painful
By Amanda Hargreaves
Producer , Through the Looking Glass
Binocular instabillity may be more common than thought Imagine what it is like not to be able to read without getting a headache from trying to focus on the print , which seems to dance and blur before your eyes .
Or even how it feels not to be able to meet someone 's eyes and hold their gaze , because you are seeing two faces and four eyes .
If you are one of the 15 % of the population who suffer from a condition called binocular instability , then that is the reality - but you may not even realise you have it .
Binocular vision involves the control and co-ordination of both eyes .
This is affecting a sizable number of our children
Nadia Northway
Visual Stress Clinic
Although each eye sees a separate image , these images are blended in the brain into one single picture .
The eyes are rarely completely straight .
In most of us , they drift slightly and this is controlled without us even noticing .
If our eyes drift too much , this can cause headaches and discomfort , especially when reading .
The result is delayed processing of information at the most basic level .
It is a condition that makes reading and learning arduous .
Yet it can be cured simply and cheaply with eye exercises and spectacles .
' I want to see properly ' Megan Slater , 15 , is now undergoing treatment after years of failing at school : " I want to be able to see properly - I do n't want to be frustrated .
WHAT TO LOOK FOR
If your child is having difficulties at school , check if the following apply :
They complain of tiredness or headaches after reading
They complain of the print becoming blurry
They find it easier to read on a coloured background
They rub their eyes after reading for a while
They often lose their place when reading aloud
They often misread short words " When I get frustrated the teachers tell me to calm down and I just get really angry . "
Brigid Sundaram remembers having problems when she was at university , studying biochemistry .
" I had to read a lot of papers with tiny print , " she said .
" After 20 minutes I 'd usually be asleep in the library , it was exhausting .
" I 've always had to work harder than anyone else to achieve the same results . "
Brigid struggled for years at school and university before finally getting the help she needed .
The reason is that the condition is n't easily spotted in a routine eye test .
You could have 20 /20 vision and still have binocular instability .
Diagnosis a problem According to Nadia Northway , who runs the Visual Stress Clinic at Glasgow Caledonian University , diagnosis is a problem .
She is one of only 1,500 specially trained orthoptists who can spot the subtleties of binocular instability .
Orthoptists only practice in hospitals and are therefore hard to access .
On the High Street , only some optometrists have the special training required to diagnose the condition .
Funding is another key issue .
Professor Bruce Evans , director of research at the Institute of Optometry , has been campaigning for proper funding for the detailed eye test required to diagnose binocular instability .
He said : " We have had sympathy from politicians , but so far no promises of proper funding for this .
It has been a very frustrating process . "
Significant problem
There is no doubt in the mind of Nadia Northway about the impact of the condition .
WHAT TO DO
If you suspect you or a member of your family may have Binocular Instability and / or Visual Stress ( Mears - Irlen Syndrome :
Get a regular eye test ( they are free now on the NHS ) at least once very two years if you are symptom free Children should have their eyes tested once a year , as their sight changes all the time
If you suspect that you have a problem even though you are already wearing glasses , or even if you are given the all clear in a routine eye test , ask your GP to refer you to the orthoptics department of your local hospital
There you can be properly assessed and given treatment if necessary Alternatively , ask about optometrists in your area who have a particular interest in reading problems .
" This is affecting a sizable number of our children , " she said .
" Given that one in 16 people leave school with inadequate literacy skills and at least half of those may have vision problems , we should be campaigning in the streets about this . "
And the condition also runs in families , so if the problem is n't spotted , you and your relatives could spend years battling against this hidden disability without knowing what the problem is .
After all , how does a five - year - old child know how reading should feel ?
The child would probably just assume that everybody finds it tiring and painful .
Brigid Sundaram realised that all three of her children had the same symptoms as herself , and sure enough they were all diagnosed with Binocular Instability and Visual Stress , also known as Meares - Irlen Syndrome .
Both problems often co-exist and have very similar symptoms .
And the scale of the problem is still revealing itself .
According to research that Nadia Northway is currently carrying out on adults with literacy problems , as many as 80 % appear to have binocular instability and / or visual stress .
" When you extrapolate from those figures what that means for the general population , it 's likely that as many as one third of us may have one or other of these conditions " said Nadia .
Edi Stark presents
Through the Looking Glass on Monday 13 October on BBC Radio 4 at 2100 BST .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Sen . Levin :
Big three auto CEO 's should resign Stephen C. Webster
Published : Sunday November 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Sen. Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , during a Sunday appearance on Meet the Press , assailed the CEO's of Detroit 's big three auto makers and said they should resign if it meant the government would then provide rescue loans to the failing companies .
Asked by MSNBC's Tom Brokaw if he had relayed this opinion to General Motors Corporate Chairman Rick Wagoner , Sen .
Levin remarked , " Id be happy to tell Rick Wagoner that he ought to consider resigning if that is the difference between getting this kind of support and not . "
General Motors specifically dissolved over $ 14 billion in the third quarter .
It is requesting aid from Congress because the company expects to run out of money and be unable to continue operations by early 2009 .
Sen .
Levin 's support for the loans comes on the heels of Obama arguing for a government stake in the auto industry , but only if major changes are undertaken to modernize , with an emphasis on sustainable technology .
The President - elect characterized it as , " a bridge loan to somewhere , as opposed to a bridge loan to nowhere . "
" We 've got at least three million jobs dependent upon this industry surviving , " said Sen. Levin on Meet the Press .
" We 've got -- this is a Main Street problem .
We 've got 10,000 or more dealers .
They , they cover the country in every town of this country .
The auto industry touches millions and millions of lives .
One out of 10 jobs in this country are auto related .
Twenty percent of our retail sales are auto related or automobiles .
So this is a national problem . "
GM's Wagoner has so far refused to comment , but said in a statement , " the global economic crisis that has put this industry in its current precarious position far exceeds any one individual . "
" This is an issue of the whole auto industry , if that becomes under severe pressure , the impact on the whole U.S. economy will be devastating , " said Wagoner to an NBC affiliate early Sunday .
Wagoner added that the government should not view the loans as federalizing a business , and blamed the automaker 's impending bankruptcy on stiff credit markets .
" This is not just about an industry or three companies .
This is about jobs -- 350,000 direct , probably as much as three to five million jobs in total reflecting that industry , " Democratic US Senator Byron Dorgan argued Sunday on Fox television .
Nevertheless , Democrats and Republicans in Washington are preparing for a rare lame - duck congressional battle that will determine whether these companies will receive federal assistance .
" I do n't speak for every Republican , but I suppose most of us will oppose it as a very bad idea , " said Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) .
" The business model of the Big Three automakers , all experts have agreed , is a failing model .
It 's got to be changed .
Just giving them 25 billion dollars does n't change anything .
It just puts off for six months or so the day of reckoning . "
With wire reports
ICS 161 : Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Lecture notes for February 29 , 1996
Longest Common Subsequences
This is a good example of the technique of dynamic programming , which is the following very simple idea : start with a recursive algorithm for the problem , which may be inefficient because it calls itself repeatedly on a small number of subproblems .
Simply remember the solution to each subproblem the first time you compute it , then after that look it up instead of recomputing it .
The overall time bound then becomes ( typically ) proportional to the number of distinct subproblems rather than the larger number of recursive calls .
We already saw this idea briefly in the first lecture .
As we 'll see , there are two ways of doing dynamic programming , top down and bottom - up .
The top down ( memoizing ) method is closer to the original recursive algorithm , so easier to understand , but the bottom up method is usually a little more efficient .
Subsequence testing
As an example , is " nano " a subsequence of " nematode knowledge " ?
Yes , and in only one way .
The easiest way to see this example is to capitalize the subsequence : " NemAtode kNOwledge " .
In general , we can test this as before using a finite state machine .
Draw circles and arrows as before , corresponding to partial subsequences ( prefixes of the pattern ) , but now there is no need for backtracking .
Equivalently , it is easy to write code or pseudo - code for this :
subseq ( char * P , char * T ) { while ( * T != ' \0 ' ) if ( * P == * T++ && *++P == ' \0 ' ) return TRUE ; return FALSE ; }
Longest common subsequence problem
Note that the automata - theoretic method above does n't solve the problem -- instead it gives the longest prefix of A that 's a subsequence of B .
But the longest common subsequence of A and B is not always a prefix of A .
Why might we want to solve the longest common subsequence problem ?
There are several motivating applications .
Molecular biology .
DNA sequences ( genes ) can be represented as sequences of four letters ACGT , corresponding to the four submolecules forming DNA .
When biologists find a new sequences , they typically want to know what other sequences it is most similar to .
One way of computing how similar two sequences are is to find the length of their longest common subsequence .
File comparison .
The Unix program " diff " is used to compare two different versions of the same file , to determine what changes have been made to the file .
It works by finding a longest common subsequence of the lines of the two files ; any line in the subsequence has not been changed , so what it displays is the remaining set of lines that have changed .
In this instance of the problem we should think of each line of a file as being a single complicated character in a string .
Screen redisplay .
Many text editors like " emacs " display part of a file on the screen , updating the screen image as the file is changed .
For slow dial - in terminals , these programs want to send the terminal as few characters as possible to cause it to update its display correctly .
It is possible to view the computation of the minimum length sequence of characters needed to update the terminal as being a sort of common subsequence problem ( the common subsequence tells you the parts of the display that are already correct and do n't need to be changed ) .
( As an aside , it is natural to define a similar longest common substring problem , asking for the longest substring that appears in two input strings .
This problem can be solved in linear time using a data structure known as the suffix tree but the solution is extremely complicated . )
Recursive solution
Let 's start with some simple observations about the LCS problem .
If we have two strings , say " nematode knowledge " and " empty bottle " , we can represent a subsequence as a way of writing the two so that certain letters line up :
n e m a t o d e k n o w l e d g e | | | | | | | e m p t y b o t t l e
From this we can observe the following simple fact : if the two strings start with the same letter , it 's always safe to choose that starting letter as the first character of the subsequence .
This is because , if you have some other subsequence , represented as a collection of lines as drawn above , you can " push " the leftmost line to the start of the two strings , without causing any other crossings , and get a representation of an equally - long subsequence that does start this way .
On the other hand , suppose that , like the example above , the two first characters differ .
Then it is not possible for both of them to be part of a common subsequence - one or the other ( or maybe both ) will have to be removed .
Finally , observe that once we 've decided what to do with the first characters of the strings , the remaining subproblem is again a longest common subsequence problem , on two shorter strings .
Therefore we can solve it recursively .
Rather than finding the subsequence itself , it turns out to be more efficient to find the length of the longest subsequence .
Then in the case where the first characters differ , we can determine which subproblem gives the correct solution by solving both and taking the max of the resulting subsequence lengths .
Once we turn this into a dynamic program we will see how to get the sequence itself .
These observations give us the following , very inefficient , recursive algorithm .
Recursive LCS :
int lcs_length ( char * A , char * B ) { if ( * A == ' \0 ' || * B == ' \0 ' ) return 0 ; else if ( * A == * B ) return 1 + lcs_length ( A+1 , B+1 ) ; else return max( lcs_length ( A+1 , B ) , lcs_length ( A , B+1 ) ) ; }
Memoization
The dynamic programming solution is to check whenever we want to solve a subproblem , whether we 've already done it before .
If so we look up the solution instead of recomputing it .
Implemented in the most direct way , we just add some code to our recursive algorithm to do this look up -- this " top down " , recursive version of dynamic programming is known as " memoization " .
In the LCS problem , subproblems consist of a pair of suffixes of the two input strings .
To make it easier to store and look up subproblem solutions , I 'll represent these by the starting positions in the strings , rather than ( as I wrote it above ) character pointers .
Recursive LCS with indices :
char * A ; char * B ; int lcs_length ( char * AA , char * BB ) { A = AA ; B = BB ; return subproblem ( 0 , 0 ) ; } int subproblem ( int i , int j ) { if ( A [ i ] == ' \0 ' || B[j ] == ' \0 ' ) return 0 ; else if ( A [ i ] == B[j ] ) return 1 + subproblem ( i+1 , j+1 ) ; else return max( subproblem ( i+1 , j ) , subproblem ( i , j+1 ) ) ; }
Memoizing LCS :
char * A ; char * B ; array L ; int lcs_length ( char * AA , char * BB ) { A = AA ; B = BB ; allocate storage for L ; for ( i = 0 ; i <= m ; i++ ) for ( j = 0 ; j <= m ; j++ ) L[i , j ] = - 1 ; return subproblem ( 0 , 0 ) ; } int subproblem ( int i , int j ) { if ( L[i , j ] < 0 ) { if ( A [ i ] == ' \0 ' || B[j ] == ' \0 ' ) L[i , j ] = 0 ; else if ( A [ i ] == B[j ] ) L[i , j ] = 1 + subproblem ( i+1 , j+1 ) ; else L[i , j ] = max( subproblem ( i+1 , j ) , subproblem ( i , j+1 ) ) ; } return L[i , j ] ; }
As usual , this is a worst case analysis .
The time might sometimes better , if not all array entries get filled out .
For instance if the two strings match exactly , we 'll only fill in diagonal entries and the algorithm will be fast .
Bottom up dynamic programming
We can view the code above as just being a slightly smarter way of doing the original recursive algorithm , saving work by not repeating subproblem computations .
But it can also be thought of as a way of computing the entries in the array L .
The recursive algorithm controls what order we fill them in , but we'd get the same results if we filled them in in some other order .
We might as well use something simpler , like a nested loop , that visits the array systematically .
The only thing we have to worry about is that when we fill in a cell L[i , j ] , we need to already know the values it depends on , namely in this case L[ i+1 , j ] , L[i , j+1 ] , and L[ i+1 , j+1 ] .
For this reason we 'll traverse the array backwards , from the last row working up to the first and from the last column working up to the first .
This is iterative ( because it uses nested loops instead of recursion ) or bottom up ( because the order we fill in the array is from smaller simpler subproblems to bigger more complicated ones ) .
Iterative LCS :
int lcs_length ( char * A , char * B ) { allocate storage for array L ; for ( i = m ; i >= 0 ; i--) for ( j = n ; j >= 0 ; j--) { if ( A [ i ] == ' \0 ' || B[j ] == ' \0 ' ) L[i , j ] = 0 ; else if ( A [ i ] == B[j ] ) L[i , j ] = 1 + L[ i+1 , j+1 ] ; else L[i , j ] = max ( L [ i+1 , j ] , L[i , j+1 ] ) ; } return L[ 0,0 ] ; }
The subsequence itself
sequence S = empty ; i = 0 ; j = 0 ; while ( i < m && j < n ) { if ( A [ i ] ==B[j ] ) { add A [ i ] to end of S ; i++ ; j++ ; } else if ( L[ i+1 , j ] >= L[i , j+1 ] ) i++ ; else j++ ; }
n e m a t o d e _ k n o w l e d g e e 7 7 6 5 5 5 5 5 4 3 3 3 2 2 2 1 1 1 0 m 6 6 6 5 5 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 p 5 5 5 5 5 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 t 5 5 5 5 5 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 y 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 _ 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 b 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 o 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 t 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 t 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 l 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 0 e 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
To find the longest common subsequence , look at the first entry L[ 0,0 ] .
This is 7 , telling us that the sequence has seven characters .
L[ 0,0 ] was computed as max ( L [ 0,1 ] , L[ 1,0 ] ) , corresponding to the subproblems formed by deleting either the " n " from the first string or the " e " from the second .
Deleting the " n " gives a subsequence of length L[ 0,1 ] =7 , but deleting the " e " only gives L[ 1,0 ] =6 , so we can only delete the " n " .
Now let 's look at the entry L[ 0,1 ] coming from this deletion . A [ 0 ] =B [ 1 ] = " e " so we can safely include this " e " as part of the subsequence , and move to L [ 1,2 ] =6 .
Similarly this entry gives us an " m " in our sequence .
Continuing in this way ( and breaking ties as in the algorithm above , by moving down instead of across ) gives the common subsequence " emt ole " .
So we can find longest common subsequences in time O( mn ) .
Actually , if you look at the matrix above , you can tell that it has a lot of structure -- the numbers in the matrix form large blocks in which the value is constant , with only a small number of " corners " at which the value changes .
It turns out that one can take advantage of these corners to speed up the computation .
The current ( theoretically ) fastest algorithm for longest common subsequences ( due to myself and co-authors ) runs in time O( n log s + c log log min( c , mn / c ) ) where c is the number of these corners , and s is the number of characters appearing in the two strings .
Relation to paths in graphs
n e m a t o d e _ k n o w l e d g e e o-o o - o - o - o - o - o o- o - o - o - o - o - o o- o - o o | \| | | | | \| | | | | | \| | \| m o - o - o o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | \| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | p o-o-o- o- o- o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | t o- o - o - o - o o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | \| | | | | | | | | | | | | | y o-o-o- o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | _ o - o - o - o - o - o- o- o - o o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | | | | | \| | | | | | | | | | b o-o-o- o- o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | o o - o - o - o - o - o o-o - o- o - o - o o-o-o-o-o- o - o | | | | | \| | | | | \| | | | | | | t o- o - o - o - o o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | \| | | | | | | | | | | | | | t o- o - o - o - o o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o - o | | | | \| | | | | | | | | | | | | | l o- o - o - o- o- o- o-o-o-o-o-o- o - o o-o -o - o - o | | | | | | | | | | | | | \| | | | | e o-o o- o - o - o - o - o o- o - o - o - o - o - o o- o - o o | \| | | | | \| | | | | | \| | \| o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
Where did these edge lengths come from ?
They 're just the amount by which the LCS length increases compared to the length at the corresponding subproblem .
If A [ i ] =B[j ] , then L[i , j ] = L [ i+1 , j+1 ] +1 , and we use that last " +1 " as the edge length .
Otherwise , L[i , j ] =max ( L[ i+1 , j ] , L[ i , j+1 ] ) +0 , so we use zero as the edge length .
This sort of phenomenon , in which a dynamic programming problem turns out to be equivalent to a shortest or longest path problem , does not always happen with other problems , but it is reasonably common .
This idea does n't really help compute the single longest common subsequence , but one of my papers uses similar graph - theoretic ideas to find multiple long common subsequences ( and multiple solutions to many other problems ) .
Reduced space complexity
One disadvantage of the dynamic programming methods we 've described , compared to the original recursion , is that they use a lot of space : O( mn ) for the array L ( the recursion only uses O ( n + m ) ) .
But the iterative version can be easily modified to use less space -- the observation is that once we 've computed row i of array L , we no longer need the values in row i+1 .
Space - efficient LCS :
int lcs_length ( char * A , char * B ) { allocate storage for one - dimensional arrays X and Y for ( i = m ; i >= 0 ; i--) { for ( j = n ; j >= 0 ; j--) { if ( A [ i ] == ' \0 ' || B[j ] == ' \0 ' ) X[j ] = 0 ; else if ( A [ i ] == B[j ] ) X[j ] = 1 + Y [ j +1 ] ; else X[j ] = max ( Y[j ] , X [ j+1 ] ) ; } Y = X ; } return X [ 0 ] ; }
In 1975 , Dan Hirschberg showed how to find not just the length , but the longest common subsequence itself , in linear space and O ( mn ) time .
The idea is as above to use one - dimensional arrays X and Y to store the rows of the larger two dimensional array L. But Hirschberg 's method treats the middle row of array L specially : for all i< m / 2 , he stores along with the numbers in X and Y the place where some path ( corresponding to a subsequence with that many characters ) crosses the middle row .
These crossing places can be updated along with the array values , by copying them from X [ j+1 ] , Y[j ] , or Y [ j +1 ] as appropriate .
Then when the algorithm above has finished with the LCS length in X [ 0 ] , Hirschberg finds the corresponding crossing place ( m /2 , k ) .
He then solves recursively two LCS problems , one for A [ 0 .. m / 2 - 1 ] and B [ 0 .. k - 1 ] and one for A [m / 2..m ] and B[k ..n ] .
The longest common subsequence is the concatenation of the sequences found by these two recursive calls .
It is not hard to see that this method uses linear space .
What about time complexity ?
This is a recursive algorithm , with a time recurrence
T( m , n ) = O ( mn ) + T( m/2, k ) + T( m/2, n-k )
T( mn ) = O ( mn ) + T( mn/2 )
At a time when almost no politicians and industry leaders were paying attention to this problem , Mr. Udall made a bleak but accurate prediction .
He wrote that “ the oil needs of the other industrialized countries are growing faster than ours ” and that this “ surge of demand will soon begin to send shock waves through the American economy and transportation system . ”
“ Unless we exercise foresight and devise growth - limits policies for the auto industry , events will thrust us into a crisis that will lead to a substantial erosion of our domestic oil supply as well as the independence it provides us with , ” Mr. Udall wrote .
He predicted that the cost of petroleum imports would “ give the Middle Eastern suppliers a dangerous leverage over our transportation system as well . ”
But Mr. Udall recognized that the country could not afford the economic consequences of losing all of the automobile industry ’s jobs and profits .
He proposed that the auto companies branch out into “ exciting new variants of ground transportation ” to produce minibuses , “ people movers , ” urban mass transit and high - speed intercity trains .
Instead of expanding the Interstate highway system , he suggested that the road construction industry take on “ huge new programs to construct mass transit systems . ”
And he called for building “ more compact , sensitively planned communities ” rather than continuing urban sprawl .
As we now know , warnings like these went unheeded , and Americans became ever more car - dependent .
And now , the auto industry is asking for government money that promises , even with more fuel - efficient cars , to give us more of the same .
Instead of supporting companies that want to put as many cars on the road as possible , we need a transformational strategy .
As part of its loan package , the government should insist on the development of “ transportmaker business plans ” from the car companies , with specific timelines for developing more fuel - efficient cars .
The companies should also provide detailed plans to transform some of their factories into research and manufacturing centers for the development of light - rail cars and high - speed trains and buses .
( In some cases , these could run on existing tracks and on the median strips of Interstate highways ; in others , entirely new lanes and tracks would be built . )
Game Credits
Developer Biography
Wes Cherry is only known in the game industry for what is arguably the most distributed , most used software in the history of software .
Cherry created Solitaire in 1989 while working as an intern for Microsoft .
Solitaire was a self - initiated project by which he hoped to hone his programming skills and to make for his own enjoyment a diversion that would run on the then - new operating system called Windows .
Some program manager in the Windows group saw it and decided to release it with Windows 3.0 .
Due to U.S. laws , Microsoft could acquire Solitaire without the obligation to pay a royalty .
Cherry had no MBA protection nor the collective clout of fellow software creators belonging to a union .
Thus , no royalties .
If only he had received a penny per copy ...
Last updated : Jan 31 , 2004
There Was An Election Last Night ?
3:56 AM Subscribe November 11 , 2008
Just ignore it , and it 'll go away .
Newspapers in small towns in Texas and Oklahoma neglect to report Obama win .
This post was deleted for the following reason :
We may not need to cover the post-election in quite this much detail .
-- cortex
Is the US too big to fail ?
Carmen Reinhart , Vincent Reinhart
First posted 17 November 2008 , this column 's analysis is more relevant than ever .
It asks why investors rush to government securities when the US was at the epicentre of the financial crisis ?
This column attributes the paradox to key emerging market economies ’ exchange practices , which require reserves most often invested in US government securities .
America ’s exorbitant privilege comes with a cost and a responsibility that US policy makers should bear in mind as they address financial reform .
A familiar script has played as the global financial crisis has spread , picking up speed and intensity .
The drama has three acts that have been written out in the historical record for as long as there have been open financial markets .
Act One : Unbounded Enthusiasm .
Some markets find favour with global investors .
1 Credit becomes readily available , asset prices percolate , and many categories of spending are buoyed .
Credit becomes readily available , asset prices percolate , and many categories of spending are buoyed .
Act Two : Day of Reckoning .
Recognition that some of that enthusiasm was overdone spreads among investors .
New credit flows cease , collateral is sought , asset prices crash , and prominent private - sector icons crumble .
Act Three : Restoration .
Here governments pick up the pieces , typically passing on the cost to future generations by issuing a vast volume of debt .
The cost can be punishing because investors pull away from the governments of emerging market economies as forcefully as they do from private creditors .
2
American exceptionalism
But there has been one prominent exception to this classic tale .
With fitting irony , the US , which is the epicentre of the crisis , has avoided Act Three .
The US enjoyed a capital inflow bonanza that funded yawning current account deficits , and asset prices spiralled upward only to crash .
While the crash has constricted credit and is redrawing the financial landscape , the US has not been punished by investors in typical Act - Three fashion .
If this had happened to any other government in the world whose national financial institutions were in as deep disarray as those of the US , investors would have run for the hills – cutting off the offending nation from global capital markets .
But for the US , just the opposite has happened .
Rather than facing prohibitive costs of raising funds , US Treasury Bills have seen yields fall in absolute terms and markedly in relative terms to the yields on private instruments .
This has been called a “ flight to safety ” .
3
But why do global investors rush into a burning building at the first sign of smoke ?
The answer lies in part with the exchange market practices of key emerging market economies .
Since the last global market panic , the Asian Financial Crisis of 1998 , many governments have stockpiled dollars in their attempts to prevent their exchange rates from appreciating .
At the same time , the long upsurge in commodity prices has swollen the coffers of many resource - rich nations .
As a result , and as shown in the latest forecast in the World Economic Outlook of the International Monetary Fund , international reserves of emerging market economies are expected to have increased $ 3.25 trillion in the last three years .
According to the Fund ’s survey of the currency composition of those holdings , the bulk is in dollars ( see Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1
The dollar portion of these reserves is most often invested in US government securities , which offers excellent market liquidity , and US government debt is also considered as safe as anything ( following a precedent laid down by the first Secretary of the Treasury , Alexander Hamilton ) .
4
All this explains the dollar ’s popularity with foreign investors who might otherwise be expected to shun the US .
As the Figure 2 indicates , foreign official entities now own almost one - quarter of outstanding government securities ( the upper panel ) .
These holdings of securities constitute about 10 % of non-US nominal GDP ( the lower panel ) .
Our currency , your problem
Herein lies the special status of US government securities .
For a few of the world ’s key decision makers , it is not in their economic interest to stop , or even slow , the purchase of Treasury Bills .
As Keynes once said : “ If you owe your bank a hundred pounds , you have a problem .
But if you owe a million , the bank has a problem . ”
Potential capital losses on existing stocks keep foreign investors locked into US government securities .
Figure 2
Figure 2 also shows a precedent for recent financial market strains .
The last time foreign official purchases bulked so large in the US government ’s financing was from 1968 to 1973 , when the Bretton Woods system of managed exchange rates broke down .
5
At that time , keeping the system going required increasing support from abroad , primarily from Europe .
This time around , the source of that support has shifted to Asian - Pacific economies and Middle East exporters .
In both cases , the message from the US seems best summarised in the words of then - Treasury - Secretary John Connolly , who famously advised , “ the dollar is our currency , but your problem . ”
As the tone of those words suggests , another lesson from the earlier experience is that foreign resentment with a US - dominated arrangement grows over time .
That America could be a source of financial instability and a haven of sovereign financial security seems to some , to quote Valerie Giscard d'Estaing , to be an “ exorbitant privilege . ”
In this episode , Treasury yields have fallen and the foreign exchange value of the dollar has appreciated recently .
Moreover , many European financial firms have had funding difficulties associated with a lack of access to dollar liquidity .
This has made it necessary for European officials , caps in hands , to seek swap arrangements with the Federal Reserve to acquire dollars to re-lend to their national champions .
Recent enthusiasm in Europe for fundamental reform of the international monetary system finds its roots , in part , in this resentment .
They do not want our dollar to be their problem , and they want to erode some of that privilege .
Put it those terms , however , it seems clear that this will mostly be a one - way conversation .
US officials must recognise that their nation ’s funding advantage rests on the unrivalled , for now , position of US government securities in global financial markets .
Thus , they will listen and agree to work - streams for groups to report back in the future .
But whether it is this Administration or the next , advantages to the US , unfair as that may seem as viewed from abroad , will seem worth preserving .
An exorbitant privilege that comes with a cost and a responsibility
These advantages come with a cost and a responsibility .
Open access to markets probably allowed US officials to drift in their response to the financial crisis .
They initially mistook a solvency problem for a liquidity one .
When action was ultimately forthcoming , Treasury officials failed to articulate a clear sense of principles and priorities for intervention .
This ad hoc improvisation has probably stretched out and intensified the crisis .
In a crisis in an emerging market economy , the sudden stop of credit to the government forces painful adjustment to be done quickly .
6
These adjustments may have been painful , but a quick response tends to reduce the overall bail - out cost .
As for responsibility , officials must recognise that investors have granted the US its reserve - currency status for reasons .
Size matters , but other reasons include a respect for the rule of law and for contract enforcement and the predictability and transparency of the policy process .
When US officials move to the next stage of the crisis – the search for legislative protections to prevent a recurrence – it will be important to preserve these attractive aspects of US markets .
References
Michael P. Dooley , David Folkerts - Landau , Peter Garber , “ The revived Bretton Woods system , ” International Journal of Finance & Economics Volume 9 Issue 4 , 2004 , pp. 307 – 313 .
Reinhart , Carmen and Vincent Reinhart “ Capital Flow Bonanzas : Past and Present , ” ( with Vincent R. Reinhart ) in Jeffrey Frankel and Francesco Giavazzi ( eds . )
NBER International Seminar in Macroeconomics 2008 , ( Chicago : Chicago University Press for NBER , forthcoming 2008a ) .
Reinhart , Carmen and Vincent Reinhart , “ From capital flow bonanza to financial crash , ” VoxEU ( 2008 b ) .
Reinhart , Carmen and Kenneth Rogoff , “ The Forgotten History of Domestic Debt , ” NBER Working Paper 13946 , April 2008 .
1 In Reinhart and Reinhart ( 2008a and b ) , we refer to this act as a “ capital flow bonanza . ”
2 Such funding strains have frequently been sufficient to compel governments to default .
This is why we find in Reinhart and Reinhart ( 2008a ) that episodes of capital flow bonanzas help to predict sovereign defaults .
3 Following market practice and legal convention , government securities include those of the US Treasury and the government - sponsored enterprises .
4 The history of US debt is not unblemished .
Reinhart and Rogoff ( 2008 ) report that the US never defaulted on its sovereign external debt but that the abrogation of the gold clause in 1934 constituted a domestic default .
5 Dooley , Folkerts - Landau , and Garber ( 2004 ) have dubbed this latest period Bretton Woods II , in part exactly because of the role of foreign official purchases in facilitating US current account deficits .
They pose plausible reasons why it might be in the self - interest of foreign officials to do so .
Another possibility , as discussed earlier , is that existing portfolio holdings are so large that officials are in a self - fulfilling trap .
6 In this regard , the current US situation is more akin to that in Japan in the 1990s , when policymakers delayed addressing the fundamental problem of non-performing loans and favoured half - measures for some time .
The Japanese government could tap a large pool of domestic saving to fund its equivocations so that the opinion of global creditors was not relevant .
The lesson is market discipline does not apply either if a nation is too big to fail or saves too much to care .
Another Australian study , of 150 10 - year - olds , found that in the heart pumping process , the left ventricles were slower to untwist in children with a higher body - mass index , a relationship of weight to height , said a co-author of that study , Walter Abhayaratna , a researcher at Australian National University .
“ These studies are interesting , imperfect corollary evidence of something we all believe is true , ” said Dr. Lee Goldman , a cardiologist who is dean of the faculties of health , sciences and medicine at Columbia University .
“ The obesity epidemic in adolescents is the biggest adverse time bomb we ’ve got going on in coronary diseases .
These are high tech ways of adding more evidence . ”
Dr. Goldman was a co-author of a study published in December 2007 in The New England Journal of Medicine in which a computer model was used to predict whether heart disease deaths in the United States would rise .
The authors predicted that by 2035 , there would be 100,000 additional cases of heart disease attributed to current instances of obesity in children , an estimate especially noteworthy given that advances in treatment have reduced cardiac deaths in recent years .
Another study published in the same journal at that time further bolstered the link between childhood obesity and heart disease .
Analyzing the records of 276,835
Danes who were examined as children in 1930 , researchers from Denmark found that the higher the children ’s body - mass index in 1930 , the greater the chances they would develop heart disease .
While it is too early to know if the current generation of American children will suffer more heart attacks , strokes or other heart problems , or experience them sooner , many heart researchers consider the growing corroboration of links between childhood obesity and heart disease alarming .
Still , Dr. Raghuveer said that for the children she studied , hope was not lost .
“ A lot of these kids ’ arteries , even though they are in the early stages of atherosclerosis , are not hardened or calcified , not really advanced , ” she said .
“ There may be an opportunity to implement lifestyle alterations , be it exercise , be it diet , or perhaps even medication .
Perhaps it may be reversed . ”
Dr. Raghuveer ’s study used an ultrasound method called carotid artery intima - media thickness or CIMT to measure the thickness of the inner walls of the carotid arteries , located in the neck .
Scientists , who measure the carotid artery because it is easier to capture images of neck arteries than the coronary arteries directly connected to the heart , say increased thickness in the carotid artery wall indicates greater amounts of fatty plaque in the arteries leading to the heart and brain .
When such plaque ruptures , it can result in clots that lead to heart attack or stroke .
From Conservapedia
Dinosaur Scientific classification Kingdom Information Domain Eukaryota Kingdom Animalia Subkingdom Bilateria Branch Deuterostomia Phylum Information Phylum Chordata Sub-phylum Vertebrata Infraphylum Gnathostomata Class Information Superclass Tetrapoda Class Reptilia Sub-class Diapsida Infra-class Archosauromorpha Order Information Superorder Dinosauria Population statistics
Dinosaurs ( Greek : δεινός , deinos + σ αῦρος , sauros ) are an extinct superorder of the class Reptilia , and known from recovered remains and tracks found in sedimentary rock worldwide .
Description
Dinosaurs were immensely varied , and included both herbivores and carnivores .
Although many have been found in the fossil record , paleontologists expect that they have barely scratched the surface of the vast superorder that the dinosaurs encompassed . [ 1 ]
The superorder Dinosauria has been divided into two main orders , the division based exclusively on the structure of the pelvic bones .
Saurischia Order
Saurischian dinosaurs are characterized by " lizard hips " , i.e. the pubic bone of the pelvis juts forward towards the rib cage .
Herbivorous species were almost all quadrupedal .
They carried peg - like teeth which cut , rather than chewed , plant material , with the actual grinding of this food aided by gastroliths .
Carnivorous species were exclusively bipedal .
Infraorder Sauropoda
Species of this infraorder are characterized by long necks and tails , barrel - shaped bodies , and column - like legs .
In three families ( notably Diplodocidae , Brachiosauridae , and Titanosauroidea ) several species were determined to be of extreme size , estimated in excess of 125 feet in length and 100 tons , making them the largest animals to have walked the earth .
Apatosaurus Brachiosaurus Ultrasaurus Seismosaurus Argentinosaurus Diplodocus
Infraorder Theropoda
Exclusively bipedal ; forearms meant for grasping or holding .
Fossil evidence for several species indicate pack hunting .
Coelophysis Ornithomimus Allosaurus Tyrannosaurus Deinonychus Velociraptor Giganotosaurus
Ornithischia Order
Ornithischian dinosaurs are characterized by " bird hips " , i.e. the pubic bone of the pelvis juts towards the rear of the animal .
All species were herbivorous ; most were quadrupedal .
Front teeth were lacking , while a predentary bone was present in the front of the lower jaw .
Several species ( mainly within Ceratopsia ) had a distinctive parrot - like beak .
Infraorder Ceratopsia
Species of this infraorder carried one or more horns on their heads , as well as a shield - like frill to protect the neck .
Triceratops Pachyrhinosaurus Torosaurus Protoceratops Styracosaurus
Infraorder Stegosauria
Large dinosaurs with a row of bony plates on top of their backs , and several spikes used as a defensive weapon at the end of their tails .
Stegosaurus Huayangosaurus Kentrosaurus
Infraorder Ankylosauria
Heavily - armored dinosaurs , some with a row of spikes along each side , and possessing a bony tail club .
Ankylosaurus Euoplocephalus Edmontonia
Infraorder Ornithopoda
Large , herd - dwelling dinosaurs that could run bipedaly .
Several species had a " boss " of bone on their heads ( Pachycephalosaurs ) which may have been used for head - butting similar to bighorn sheep ; others a crest of bone ( hadrosaurs ) which may have been sound resonators .
Camptosaurus Iguanodon Pachycephalosaurus Parasaurolophus Edmontosaurus Bactrosaurus Maiasaura
History
The first published description of a dinosaur occurred years before the word was created .
In his Natural History of Oxford - shire Robert Plot , a professor of chemistry at the University of Oxford in 1676 , described the lower end of a petrified femur which was too large to be from any known animal in Europe ; [ 2 ] the femur itself was lost , but the description as well as an accompanying engraving would lead others to determine later that it belonged to the theropod Megalosaurus .
In 1824 , the British scientist William Buckland published a paper titled " Notice on the Megalosaurus or great Fossil Lizard of Stonesfield " , the first scientifically - described dinosaur ; a second dinosaur ( Iguanodon ) would be similarly - described the following year by Gideon Mantell , with a third dinosaur ( Hylaeosaurus ) discovered in Brighton in 1832 .
Despite having reptilian characteristics , the size and structure of the remains justified the creation of a new biological category , and in 1842 Richard Owen coined the name " dinosaur " from two Greek words meaning " terrible lizard " .
[ 3 ]
The three dinosaurs were reconstructed and displayed at the Crystal Palace in London as part of the Exhibition of 1851 .
In 1878 , several dozen Iguanodon fossils were discovered in the course of mining operations at a coal mine in Bernissart , Belgium .
This find suggested that dinosaurs could travel in herds .
U.S. finds
Henry Fairfield Osborn was president of the American Museum of Natural History in New York City from 1908 to 1935 .
In July , 1806 Meriwether Lewis and William Clark unsuccessfully tried to retrieve " ... the rib of a fish which was Semented within the face of the rock " at the Hell Creek formation , in what is now Yellowstone County , Montana ; the ribs were later determined to have come from a terrestrial dinosaur . [ 4 ]
In 1858 , Hadrosaurus , the so - called " duck - billed dinosaur " , was found in a mineral pit in New Jersey .
It was put on display at the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sciences in 1868 .
In 1869 , Edward Drinker Cope ( 1847-1897 ) had reconstructed a plesiosaur .
Othniel Charles Marsh ( 1831 - 1899 ) was able to establish that Cope had put the skull on the wrong end of the skeleton , humiliating Cope , and beginning a long and bitter rivalry derisively - called the " Bone War " .
While previous skeletons had been discovered by accident , Cope and Marsh went on expeditions to arid parts of the American West .
The two found numerous fossils in Wyoming , Colorado , and New Mexico as they competed to find and name as many species as they could .
Their museums worked out the techniques for mounting and displaying them .
The feud between Cope and Marsh reached a climax in 1890 when letters containing bitter recriminations were published in The New York Herald .
Congress responded by dismissing Marsh and revoking funds for his entire department .
In 1877 , Marsh began digging at Como Bluff , Wyoming .
This site proved to be the greatest of all paleontological finds .
Many Late Jurassic dinosaurs , including Stegosaurus and Brontosaurus ( later renamed Apatosaurus ) were discovered here .
J.B. Hatcher collected dozens of Late Cretaceous horned dinosaurs at Lance Creek in northeastern Wyoming in 1889 – 1894 , including Triceratops .
In 1905 , Henry Fairfield Osborn applied the name Tyrannosaurus rex , meaning " “ king of the tyrant lizards " to a fossil recently discovered at Hell Creek .
This fearsome predator , perhaps 21 feet tall , would capture public imagination .
In 1909 –1923 , 350 tons of dinosaur bones were removed from what is now Dinosaur National Monument in Colorado under the direction of paleontologist Earl Douglass of the Carnegie Museum in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
History of dinosaurs
Creation science asserts that the biblical account , that dinosaurs were created on day six of creation [ 5 ] approximately 6,000 years ago , along with other land animals , and therefore co-existed with humans , thus debunking the Theory of Evolution and the beliefs of evolutionary scientists about the age and creation of the earth .
Creation science posits that dinosaurs lived in harmony with other animals , ( probably including in the Garden of Eden ) eating only plants ; [ 6 ] that pairs of each dinosaur kind were taken onto Noah 's Ark during the Great Flood and were preserved from drowning ; [ 7 ] that many of the fossilized dinosaur bones originated during the mass killing of the Flood ; [ 8 ] and that possibly some descendants of those dinosaurs taken aboard the Ark are still around today . [ 9 ]
At least 300 distinct genera of dinosaur have been identified . [ 10 ]
Archaeological , fossil , and documentary evidence supports the logical conclusion that dinosaurs co-existed with mankind until at least relatively recent times .
Because the term only came into use in the 19th century , the Bible does not use the word " dinosaur . "
However , there are numerous references throughout the biblical account .
For example , the behemoth in Job and the leviathan in Isaiah are clearly references to dinosaurs , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] although others have claimed that Behemoth and Leviathan are references to a hippopotamus or elephant and a crocodile respectively .
However , the Biblical descriptions do not fit those creatures , note that hippopotamuses and elephants do not have a " tail like a cedar " .
Furthermore , even if the terms did refer to other animals , this does not necessarily invalidate the existence of dinosaurs .
The Creation account was not intended as a comprehensive list of all animals God created - it does not for instance state explicitly that He created the ferret .
However , Genesis does state that God created all animals , which would include any not mentioned by name .
Extinction
Creation science rejects the great impact theory , and find a number of faults in that theory . [ 13 ]
Despite these critiques , the great impact theory is widely considered by the scientific community to be fact .
However , those scientists cannot prove the great impact theory definitively .
Creation scientists point out that evolutionists are frequently coming out with new theories to explain the supposed extinction of the dinosaurs , and that those theories are laden with false assumptions . [ 14 ]
Dinosaur - like creatures in history and modern sightings
Creation science cites a number of reasons to believe that dinosaurs have existed until relatively recent times , and perhaps still survive .
Charles W. Gilmore , Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology with the United States National Museum , examined an ancient pictograph which he claimed portrays dinosaurs and man coexisting
There have been a number of sightings of dinosaur - like creatures reported by the best of the public .
A thousand people reported seeing a dinosaur - like monster in two sightings around Sayram Lake in Xinjiang according to the Chinese publication , China Today . [ 9 ]
Locals in the Congo have reported a creature they name Mokele - mbembe , [ 9 ] [ 15 ] and from its description it appears to be a small plant - eating dinosaur .
The reports have been taken seriously enough that a biologist from the University of Chicago has made several expeditions to find the creature .
Another biologist has reported seeing the creature . [ 9 ]
Dinosaur - like creatures have been seen by several people in two different parts of Papua New Guinea since 1990 . [ 16 ]
There are drawings of creatures resembling dinosaurs .
An expedition which included Charles W. Gilmore , Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology with the United States National Museum , examined an ancient pictograph which he claimed portrays dinosaurs and man coexisting . [ 17 ] [ 18 ]
The Nile Mosaic of Palestrina , a second century BC piece of art , contains a portion which depicts a group of Ethiopians hunting what some claim appears to be a dinosaur ; there is much debate on this , however , and most modern art historians consider the mysterious animal to be a lion or a crocodile ( the latter theory is supported by the presence of the Greek word for " crocodile " written near the image of the mysterious animal ) . [ 19 ]
A portion of the Nile Mosaic of Palestrina , depicting the hunting of an animal which is often said to resemble a dinosaur ( but which appears to be labelled " crocodile " in Greek ) .
Engravings in the floor of Carlisle Cathedral appear to be of dinosaurs .
They are on the tomb of bishop Richard Bell , who died in 1496 . [ 20 ]
Creatures matching dinosaurs and similar creatures have been described by various people groups .
Descriptions of dragons are widespread and match descriptions of dinosaurs , showing that dragons were real creatures and were actually very likely dinosaurs .
The World Book Encyclopedia states that : " The dragons of legend are strangely like actual creatures that have lived in the past .
They are much like the great reptiles [ dinosaurs ] which inhabited the earth long before man is supposed to have appeared on earth . " [ 21 ]
Dragons exist in the folklore of many European and Asian cultures . [ 22 ]
World Book Encyclopedia says , " In Europe , dragons are traditionally portrayed as ferocious beasts that represent the evils fought by human beings .
But in Asia , especially in China and Japan , the animals are generally considered friendly creatures that ensure good luck and wealth . " [ 22 ]
Dragons appear in the flag of Wales , in traditional Chinese New Year 's Day celebrations , and in the Chinese calendar .
Every other creature on the calendar is a real creature .
That dinosaurs are not known from the fossil record above the Cretaceous strata is not reason to believe that they have not survived until more recent times .
Living specimens of orders of animals that were believed to have been extinct for millions of years have been found before , such as the Diatomyidae Squirrel , [ 23 ] the Wollemi Pine [ 24 ] and the Coelacanth . [ 25 ] [ 26 ]
The recent dinosaur tissue find is a strong rebuttal of the claim that dinosaurs lived millions of years ago . [ 27 ]
Dinosaurs and birds
Creation science shows that the idea that birds are descendants of dinosaurs is not demonstrated by the evidence , [ 28 ] [ 29 ] and that the dinosaur - bird connection is even disputed by some evolutionists .
In his article , " Fifteen ways to refute materialistic bigotry " , Dr. Jonathan Sarfati wrote regarding dinosaurs being descendants of birds :
“ “ The same logic applies to the dinosaur - bird debate .
It is perfectly in order for creationists to cite Feduccia ’s devastating criticism against the idea that birds evolved ‘ ground up ’ from running dinosaurs ( the cursorial theory ) .
But the dino - to - bird advocates counter with equally powerful arguments against Feduccia ’s ‘ trees - down ’ ( arboreal ) theory .
The evidence indicates that the critics are both right — birds did not evolve either from running dinos or from tree - living mini-crocodiles .
In fact , birds did not evolve from non-birds at all ! [ 30 ] ”
Creation science also cites the evolutionist and atheist Ernst Mayr [ 31 ] who stated the following :
“ “ It must be admitted , however , that it is a considerable strain on one ’s credulity to assume that finely balanced systems such as certain sense organs ( the eye of vertebrates , or the bird ’s feather ) could be improved by random mutations . " [ 32 ] [ 33 ] ”
The March 2003 issue of Scientific American is also cited by creation scientists :
“ Of all the body coverings nature has designed , feathers are the most various and the most mysterious ...
The origin of feathers is a specific instance of the much more general question of the origin of evolutionary novelties -- structures that have no clear antecedents in ancestral animals and no clear related structures ( homologues ) in contemporary relatives .
Although evolutionary theory provides a robust explanation for the appearance of minor variations in the size and shape of creatures and their component parts , it does not yet give as much guidance for understanding the emergence of entirely new structures , including digits , limbs , eyes and feathers .... " [ 34 ] [ 35 ] ”
Creation science also shows that the comparative anatomy analysis done by evolutionists comparing bird bones and dinosaur bones is flawed . [ 36 ]
Evolutionary / Old Earth Perspective
The view of atheists , evolutionists , and others who accept the uniformitarian timescale is that dinosaurs existed on earth from 230 million years ago to 65 million years ago .
In this view , the entire population of dinosaurs were wiped out by a mass extinction event ( usually thought to be a meteorite ) about 65 million years ago .
This precludes humans and dinosaurs co-existing .
Extinction
According to evolutionists , close to 65 million years ago , at the end of the Cretaceous period , and the beginning of what is called the Tertiary period , an event occurred which has come to be known as the K - T Event .
This event would have obliterated most life on Earth , plunging the world into something that would now be likened to global nuclear winter , through which few extant species could survive .
Although these scientists dispute the nature of the K - T Event ( selecting among any number of catastrophes that could have caused the significant global cooling that resulted ) , most believe that the claimed K - T Event was caused by the collision of a massive asteroid with the Earth , the dust and debris from which would have shrouded the sky for thousands of years , cooling Earth considerably . [ 37 ]
According to this view , the dinosaurs did not survive this cataclysm . [ 38 ]
A layer of rock containing high concentrations of Iridium , a metal that is extremely rare on earth but common in asteroids , is said to be due to the vaporization and then fall of dust from the meteorite 's impact , and its compression within the subsequent geological record . [ 39 ]
The evidence of a large impact crater can be found in rocks of the Yucatán Peninsula of the supposed age of this layer . [ 40 ] [ 41 ]
Creationists assert that the assumptions underpinning the methods used by modern geologists are incorrect , and even though the validity of a large impact is accepted , this does not constitute proof that the impact caused the extinction of the dinosaurs .
[ Citation Needed ]
An explosion of new species
Evolutionists speculate that a mass extinction of the dinosaurs removed a major food competitor , and predator , of smaller animals .
As a result of a new " vacancy " in the food chain , following the K - T Event , it is theorized that vast speciation occurred , as the evolutionary pressure of a new cold age propelled animal species to adapt or die out .
According to this view , mammals were some of the main beneficiaries of this explosion : their fur allowed them to adapt to the cold , and their small size allowed them to conserve energy relative to the huge dinosaurs of the previous age . [ 42 ]
Dinosaurs and birds
As a number of feathered fossils ( claimed to be dinosaurs ) have been discovered , and evolutionary scientists claim the similarity in the bone structure between birds and dinosaurs show that modern birds are a descendants of dinosaurs .
This is often cited as an example of macroevolution . [ 43 ]
Dinosaur fossils , human fossils and geological strata
Some evolutionary scientists assert that if human bones are n’t found with dinosaur bones , then dinosaurs and man did n’t live together . [ 44 ] [ 45 ]
Creation scientists point out that this is a false assumption ; if human bones are n’t found buried with dinosaur bones , it simply means they were n't buried together . [ 44 ]
Evolutionists speculate that radiometric dating of rocks containing dinosaur bones indicates them to have formed between 65 million years ago and 250 million years ago , whereas rocks with human bones in them are dated as being much newer ( less than 5 million years old ) .
Creation science shows that those methods of dating rocks provide false results , and therefore reject this argument . [ 46 ]
Creation science points out that the fossil record contains mainly marine organisms and that a small sliver of the fossil record contains vertebrates and thus shows that we should n't expect to find many human fossils at all . [ 44 ]
Moreover , as the biblical Flood would be a marine catastrophe , it would be expected that marine fossils would dominate the fossil record .
This is in fact what we find . [ 47 ]
Approximately 70 % of the Earth is covered in salt water which would also explain the dominance of marine fossils .
In addition , creation scientists show there may have been a small pre-flood human population and that massive amounts of flood sediment are why we have n’t found human fossils in pre-biblical flood sediments . [ 47 ]
Also , creation scientists point out that we do n't find human bones buried with coelacanths yet humans and coelacanths coexist today . [ 44 ]
In Popular Culture
Dinosaurs have been a fixture of popular culture since their discovery .
It is theorized that some of the myths of fantastical creatures stem from the accidental discovery of dinosaur fossils .
More recently , dinosaurs have featured in popular stories including books , movies , television , video games , even music .
In the 1912 novel " The Lost World " by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ( of Sherlock Holmes fame ) , was published describing an expedition into an Amazon basin where animals thought to be extinct ( including dinosaurs ) had survived .
Dinosaurs were introduced to a wide modern audience when movies like the Jurassic Park series were released .
See also
1963 Pontiac LeMans Tempest on eBay – Click above for high - res image gallery
The eBay auction for this 1963 Pontiac LeMans Tempest started out innocently enough .
Obtained after owner died .
Appears to have original interior but no motor , no transmission .
Body has a little rust and some dents .
There 's stuff in the trunk , but no key to open it .
Opening bid nine days ago was a mere $ 500 .
After one week , eBay seller 123ecklin will pocket $ 226,521 before auction fees .
What happened between Day 1 and Day 9 is an amazing story .
The car 's plexiglass windows , unusual suspension setup and a dash plate bearing the name of a racetrack tipped the owner to its racing history .
But what he did n't know is that the car is one of only six 1963 Pontiac LeMans Tempest Super Duty coupes ever made .
Hemmings recently did a story on the rare cars in which they listed all ever built .
This one looks to have been driven by Stan Antlocer and was the fastest drag car in 1963 before disappearing .
Reading through the questions on the auction gives us reason to believe the seller truly did n't know the car 's provenance .
In his answers , he seems both surprised by the car 's potential value as well as overwhelmed by the attention .
He turned down an offer of $ 160,000 to end the auction early because he feared getting negative eBay feedback .
That decision paid off .
With only seven minutes remaining , the highest offer was $ 95,000 .
When the virtual gavel fell , eBayer ccsi2000 had bought a very rare , if a little rusty , LeMans for $ 226,521 .
Thanks for the tip , Trevor !
OTTAWA–The Bank of Canada says it will inject an additional $ 8 billion into the country 's tight money markets under new liberal terms .
The bank says the new Canadian - dollar term loan facility will be conducted in four auctions of $ 2 billion each over the next few weeks .
Qualifying financial institutions will be able to offer non-mortgage loans as collateral , meaning they can offer most loans currently on their books .
But as a result of the riskier nature of the transactions , the central bank said it will take a 40 per cent " haircut " on the loan value .
" A collateral - to - loan value of 60 per cent reflects the unique risks associated with accepting the non-mortgage loan book as collateral , including those related to valuation and to the costs of having to realize on those assets , " the bank said in a statement .
The Bank of Canada said the latest measure is consistent with commitments Canada made under the G7 plan of action to " provide exceptional liquidity . "
Earlier in the morning , Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said Ottawa will purchase an additional $ 50 billion in bank - held mortgages , tripling the measure first announced on Oct. 10 .
The dual moves suggest that despite recent improvements in money markets , officials believe credit is still too difficult to obtain and too expensive .
Various industry groups , notably the auto sector , have complained about credit tightness and have asked Ottawa to guarantee loans so they can finance operations .
Read more about :
Getty Images
Cate Blanchett , Jennifer Lopez , Renée Zellweger , Catherine Zeta -Jones and Jennifer Aniston might prefer you not to mention it .
Each marks her 40th birthday in 2009 .
As they blow out their candles they might consider this demographic detail : the median age in the seven big , rich democracies ( the G7 ) will also pass 40 in the coming year .
The rich world is greying fast .
Germans , Italians and Japanese are already , on average , well into their 40s .
In 2009 the British , French and Canadians will join them .
By one estimate the median age of west Europeans is rising by an average of two days with each passing week .
It will carry on doing so for at least another couple of decades .
In the G7 only Americans remain relatively young , with a median age in 2009 of just 36.4 years , thanks to a steady influx of sprightly Mexicans .
Our workforces will shrivel , almost certainly beginning in 2009
Does this matter ?
Ms Blanchett and co will claim that their best work lies ahead of them , darlings .
And there is plenty of advice for individuals on how to age gracefully .
As long ago as the 1930s an American , Walter B. Pitkin , wrote a bestselling self - help guide that coined a familiar phrase : “ Life Begins at Forty ” .
He decried “ the cynical youth who looks upon forty as a living death ” .
So much for individuals .
For societies there are some benefits of ageing : longer life and better health are fine in themselves , and they are linked with faster economic growth .
One study suggests that for every extra year of average life expectancy in a population there is a 7 % rise in GDP per person .
Social gains are likely , too : fewer young people usually means lower rates of crime .
But demographers , economists and politicians are right to fret about our greying .
In the rich world babies are vanishing and the ranks of the retired are swelling .
In 2008 , for the first time , there were more British pensioners than children .
By the middle of this century the average Japanese will be 55 years old .
Nor will this trend reverse .
Despite a tiny uptick in fertility rates in some European countries , the birth dearth continues .
And although migration is the only thing which prevents many European populations from shrinking , an influx of outsiders will not change age - structures by much .
The downhill slope
As a result , our workforces will shrivel , almost certainly beginning in 2009 .
According to a World Bank study , the European labour force peaked in 2008 and will start to decline , as more elderly workers retire than there are young workers to take their places .
In the rich world the labour force as it has traditionally been understood ( those between 15 and 65 ) is expected to peak in 2010 , at about half a billion people .
From then on it is downhill , with some 25 m workers shed in the following 15 years .
In Europe , from 2009 onwards , the numbers of non-workers depending on the wealth created by others will grow — bad news for funding health care and pensions .
Today in western Europe there are 3.8 people working for every pensioner .
In a little more than two decades it will be just 2.4 people working to support each greybeard .
The obvious response is to postpone , gradually , retirement .
Economies , especially European ones , could make more use of experienced , skilled and generally healthy old populations .
In America , Japan and South Korea , many more people in their 50s remain in employment than in western Europe , where rules on the provision of pensions and other benefits deter older people from staying at work .
And here is a suggestion for where some of the elderly might find jobs : in the burgeoning “ age industry ” — the think - tanks , agencies and activist groups that develop bright ideas about how to make the most of ageing .
Big gatherings will look at the issue .
Melbourne , Australia , hosts the tenth global conference on ageing , in 2010 .
And an international forum will take place in Japan .
The great and the good will attend , though Ms Blanchett and friends may be busy elsewhere .
Adam Roberts : news editor , Economist.com
These people are idiots .
And they ’re an embarrassment to Christians .
Why do evangelical Republicans always have to show the world the uneducated , bigoted , and downright goofy side of Christianity ?
These are the people the Mormons have made their bed with ?
Nice choice .
Half of them think Obama is or was a Muslim .
Seriously , I ’m not writing this simply to mock the far right .
It ’s to show why the religious right is so anti-science .
Why they believe George Bush is doing a great job .
Why they hold so many of their views .
Because they have no idea what ’s actually going on in the world around them .
This is part of a larger survey of evangelicals who voted for Obama and McCain .
Check it out here , it ’s quite interesting .
it means you need to see a doctor or stop eating so much bacon .
# 831458 +( 1479 ) - [ X ] evilada : damn girls are too confusing about what they want from guys
lantern :
Well they certainly know what they dont want
lantern : see now i'm tall , but not athletic , i do n't have a full head of hair
lantern : so bam three strikes
evilada : girls dont work like baseball
evilada : if they did , everyone would cheer if you stole second base when no one was looking
evilada : and thats the complete opposite of what happens , trust me
This may come as a surprise to some , but I enjoyed reading God 's Politics :
Why the Right Gets It Wrong and the Left Does n't Get It back in 2006 .
Admittedly , it was a bit of a change of pace from the many books on atheism I was reading at the time .
Not only was it written by a Christian , but it was written by a Christian who was calling for more faith in politics while opposing the co-opting of religion by either of the two primary political parties in the U.S.
While I will admit that I found much of the pro-faith stuff rather sickening , I was determined to give the book a chance .
This was not always easy , but I am glad I did so .
In the first few pages , I encountered the term " secular fundamentalists " in the context of right - wing Christian conservatives .
This is a phrase most of you have heard conservative Christians use , as it seems to be one of their favorite boogeymen .
In his book , Jim Wallis used this phrase to describe people ( like me ) who want to keep religion out of politics and public life .
he made it clear that he feels strongly that faith deserves a central place in both politics and public life , and he seems to see us as occupying an equivalent place as the Christian fundamentalists , just on the opposite side of the continuum he imagines .
That is , he envisions Christian fundamentalists on one side , " secular fundamentalists " on the other , and his preferred position as the far more desirable and reasonable position somewhere in between .
His position , in case you are not familiar with Wallis , is often described as the " Christian left . "
I probably do n't need to tell you that I disagree with Wallis ' characterization of " secular fundamentalists . "
I find the term to be little more than a meaningless distortion being used to push a religious and political agenda .
It is not the polar opposite to Christian fundamentalism , and it cannot properly be considered a form of fundamentalism at all .
Fortunately , we do n't have to make things up as we go because we already have a widely accepted definition of religious fundamentalism from which we can begin .
As I have explained elsewhere , religious fundamentalism includes the following components :
Biblical Inerrancy / Literalism Evangelism Premillennialism ( expectation of second coming , rapture , etc. ) Separatism / Sense of Persecution
: The research through which I identified these components included a number of Christian sources .
Are there analogs for any of these components in the secular community ( so far as there even is a secular community ) ?
There is no core secular doctrine , so # 1 clearly does not apply .
I also see no analog for # 3 .
We are focused on this life because we recognize that it is the only life we have .
The closest thing we might have to # 2 are the efforts by some atheists to combat the negative image of atheists held by much of the public .
Certainly , there are those among us who seek to foster the spread of atheism , but we are not trying to spread a doctrine ( since we do n't have one ) as much as we are encouraging people to embrace reality and give up superstition .
I do see an analog to # 4 except that our sense of separation / persecution clearly rooted in reality .
We are a hated minority ; this is not a point of controversy .
Of course , some of us also foster this sense of separation by continuing to criticize religion and distance ourselves from it .
The closest thing I can think of that might have some overlap with " secular fundamentalist " would be something like " atheist activist . "
By this , I mean an atheist who takes an activist stance about his / her atheism specifically and not merely about protecting the separation of church and state .
The key difference here is that the necessary components of fundamentalism are absent .
Whatever else an atheist activist might be , " fundamentalist " does not seem to apply .
This leaves me to conclude that Wallis is wrong and there is no such thing as a " secular fundamentalist . "
If we wants to make the case that some atheists are irrational , hold strong and often inflexible views , or behave in counterproductive ways , he'd be better off doing so .
I would n't be able to disagree with that sort of argument .
But " fundamentalism " means something more than just being irrational at times , holding strong and inflexible views , or behaving in counterproductive ways .
Atheists can be all of these things ( as can the Christian left ) , but this does n't make us fundamentalists of any variety .
An early version of this post appeared on Atheist Revolution in 2006 .
It was revised and expanded in 2020 .
Click to viewWe got the chance to ask science fiction legend Ridley Scott for an exclusive update on his adaptation of Aldous Huxley 's classic dystopian novel Brave New World .
While he 's still knee - deep in the details of the adaptation , he 's already got some strong opinions - including his view that Brave New World is closer to the truth than George Orwell 's 1984 .
So what does Scott have in mind for his Brave New World ?
Advertisement
Why did you decide to adapt Brave New World into a movie , why do you want to make this story ?
I did n't choose to do it , someone came to me with it .
In fact it was Leo's [ Leonardo DiCaprio's ] production company that came to me with that .
And it 's a big challenge , in fact .
Because when you look at the two players or visionaries in the field , at that moment [ it ] would be Huxley and it would be Orwell and that was 60 or 75 years ago .
They were predictions in a way , they were n't aware at the time , but they were predictions .
One could argue that Orwell kind of got there first and Orwell was closer to the notion of " big brother , " [ with the ] Cold War .
But I do n't think that 's it , I think that big brother may be the internet .
I do n't know but I think that 's the way it 's going to go .
And so the Aldous Huxley 's [ novel ] literally what is called Brave New World that 's a very hard adaptation .
So we 're still dancing with that one , but it 's a challenge .
Advertisement
Have you finished the script or are you close ?
No , no no we 're still struggling with that one .
I have 40 things on the go at once .
But that 's a very important one .
And sometimes , some surface faster than the others .
It 's partly luck of the draw .
Even with a good writer , he 'll do it and screw up .
So then you go back to the table and start all over again , it 's hard .
The hardest single thing is getting it on paper .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
I 'm very excited about Leo 's involvement .
Oh yeah , he is perfect for it .
So while we wait for what will undoubtedly be an amazing look into a classic story , and find out what kind of new spins Ridley will throw in ( will there still the year of " our Ford " ? )
Scott 's new movie Body of Lies is out October 10th .
Houston mom sues Rick 's Cabaret , dancer in son's death Woman sues exotic dancer over son's death
Lawsuit claims employees leave the cabaret drunk
Mattie Jean Johnson said , " Those dancers , they can leave out of there drunk with no supervision . "
Mattie Jean Johnson said , " Those dancers , they can leave out of there drunk with no supervision . "
Photo : MARY FLOOD , CHRONICLE Photo : MARY FLOOD , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Houston mom sues Rick's Cabaret , dancer in son's death 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The way Mattie Jean Johnson sees it , her son died because Rick 's Cabaret encourages customers to buy drinks for dancers without providing the sometimes inebriated women safe transport home .
And on the morning of Dec. 31 , one of those exotic dancers was drunk when she drove her Honda CRV on the North Freeway feeder , killing Johnson 's son , according to a lawsuit Johnson has filed against the popular strip club and the woman .
Clinton Washington was killed when he was calling for help for a motorist whose sport utility vehicle had rolled over , a witness told police .
The cabdriver was 43 .
Micaela Liem was charged with intoxicated manslaughter and is out on bail .
" I 'd seen it on the news that night , but I did n't believe it was him , " said a somewhat frail 61 - year - old Johnson , holding a tissue as she spoke about her son on Tuesday .
" Then my other son came to my house and told me ... "
Johnson said Washington was a giving man , he bought her a beeper so he could check on her .
He 'd make sure she was up and around , she recalled .
" If you needed something , he was there , " she said .
Johnson said she wants justice for her son and she wants to see changes so this does n't happen to any one else 's son .
" Those dancers , they can leave out of there drunk with no supervision , " she said .
According to Johnson 's lawsuit , the dancer 's blood alcohol was .215 , more than twice the legal limit for blood alcohol concentration .
Liem 's lawyer , Jeremy Foltz , said Tuesday he had no comment on the case .
The criminal case against Liem is scheduled to be taken to a Harris County grand jury within the next few weeks , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office said .
The original complaint against her has an error in it — incorrectly naming a witness at the scene as the person she killed .
Rick 's lawyer , Robert Axelrod , and spokesman Allan Priaulx both said the company does not comment on ongoing litigation .
Johnson said her other children are very angry .
She said Washington was born in Houston and spent most of his career working on landscaping and laying slabs as a subcontractor with his late father .
He had been driving cabs for only a few years , she said .
According to a civil wrongful death lawsuit updated Tuesday by Johnson 's lawyer Hank Stout , Liem 's job duties at the Rick's on North Sam Houston Parkway included that she was to get customers to buy her drinks and drink with them .
A previously filed lawsuit was only against Liem .
On Tuesday , Stout added the entertainment corporation .
" The more drinks the customers bought for the dancers , the more Rick 's would profit , " the lawsuit states .
" The dancers ' , including Liem's , decision to consume alcohol while on the job was not voluntary .
Rather , it was mandatory in order to continue successful employment at Rick's . "
The lawsuit alleges Liem consumed large amounts of alcohol before she was instructed to go home the morning of Dec. 31 .
The lawsuit claims include negligence , gross negligence and wrongful death against both Liem and Rick's .
No specific amount of damages was requested .
The police report of the incident indicates an SUV rolled over on the North Freeway about 2 a.m. and Washington was the second person to stop to help .
mary.flood@chron.com
Posted on October 29 , 2008 in Images
By allowing offshore drilling in 2008 , new offshore sources of oil would only account for 1.2 % of total oil consumption in America .
By 2030 .
Drill baby drill — such a sensible energy policy .
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Palin ’s Energy Speech , Palin On Energy , Gasoline Price by County , One Day On the Palin Trail : Two Messages , Energy Smart vs Energy Dumb ? , and Palin calls for ‘ clean break ’ from Bush on energy policy .
[ tags ] graph , image , graph of american sources of oil , future percentage consumption of oil , foreign sources of oil , chart of united states sources of oil , where oil comes from , percentages , origin of oil , drill baby drill , energy policy in america [ / tags ]
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
In a striking display of the power of live video , Abraham K. Biggs committed suicide on Wednesday while broadcasting himself on video site Justin.tv .
As we understand it from various forum posts , the 19 - year - old Floridian was apparently egged on by commenters on Justin.tv and fellow forum users on bodybuilding .com .
Biggs overdosed on pills while on camera and appeared to be breathing for hours until watchers realized he might be serious , at which point they alerted the police .
The video kept running until police and EMTs broke Biggs ’ door down and blocked the camera ’s view .
[ digg=http://digg.com/people/19_year_old_Commits_Suicide_on_Justin_tv]
We confirmed Biggs ’ death with the Broward County medical examiner .
The Justin.tv video and many of the forum posts have been taken down .
When asked about the broadcast via email , Justin.tv CEO Michael Seibel said :
As for the broadcaster incident last night , we do n’t comment on individual videos , however , our policy prohibits inappropriate content on Justin.tv .
We rely on the community to flag videos that they feel are objectionable .
Once a video is flagged , it is reviewed and quickly removed from the system if it violates our Terms of Use .
We wo n’t post the disturbing content here , but much of it is still online .
Images of the broadcast have been posted here and here , and there ’s also a suicide note from Biggs , who went by the screenname CandyJunkie .
An account of forum users watching the broadcast and calling the police is here .
There are also rest - in - peace comments on what appears to be Biggs ’ MySpace page .
The Justin.tv broadcast used to be here .
The contention that filming and uploading ( and even hosting video of ) a crime is a crime as well might not be valid , but given the very nature of live broadcasts , the issue becomes more complicated .
And it ’s not as if technology enabled the taking of a life , or as if this has n’t happened before .
A British man hung himself last year after allegedly being goaded on by fellow users on Paltalk , another live video site .
There was even a widely distributed movie on the topic of live - streamed killings released earlier this year called Untraceable .
But last night ’s incident raises a thought - provoking question regarding free hosting of live broadcasts — what could sites like Justin.tv possibly do to prevent live - streamed snuff films ?
Justin.tv has already come under fire for another problem with live broadcasts — copyright infringement .
The Premier League is reportedly threatening legal action against the site over unauthorized broadcasts of soccer games .
Justin.tv , which is a free service , has maintained it complies with takedown requests according to the law — but with live broadcasts , the key event often ends before lawyers can get involved .
Or in Biggs ’ case , before people who care about him could get through .
SAN FRANCISCO / TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp said five PC makers including Hewlett - Packard Co and Toshiba Corp will recall 100,000 computer battery packs made by the Japanese electronics maker due to a fire hazard .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Sony said the recall is expected to have limited impact on its earnings , and its shares outperformed a falling Tokyo stock market on Friday .
The recall is a fraction of a much bigger recall of 9.6 million Sony PC batteries in 2006 , which cost the company around 35.5 billion yen ( $ 360 million ) .
The U.S. government issued on Thursday a recall of 35,000 Sony batteries and the Tokyo - based company said it would recall a further 65,000 batteries worldwide .
PC makers have reported 40 cases of overheating , including four cases where users suffered minor burns , and 21 cases of minor damage from fires and overheating , a Sony spokeswoman said .
The recall affects around 74,000 notebook PCs sold by HP and 14,400 from Toshiba .
The faulty batteries are also used in laptop PCs from Dell Inc , Acer Inc and Lenovo Group Ltd , Sony said .
Sony blamed the faulty batteries on factory changes dating back up to four years , which it believes may have affected the quality of some battery cells .
Other incidents of overheating may have involved a problem with raw materials , the company said .
Sony recalled last month 438,000 of its Vaio laptops due to concerns about overheating batteries .
Shares in Sony rose 3.5 percent to 2,350 yen , compared with a 0.7 percent slide in the Nikkei average .
( $ 1=98.54 Yen )
Obama ad hits McCain on social security
Another unreleased Obama ad , this one airing in Flint , Michigan , goes after a favorite Democratic issue at an economically scary time : Social Security .
( It 's not a good week to have had , as so many Americans do , your retirement savings in equities . )
The spot accuses McCain of wanting to privatize the program .
The AARP , which opposes such plans , but also follows this closely , has a summary of McCain 's past support for diverting some , but not all , payroll taxes into private accounts .
These unreleased spots raising alarms about bread - and - butter economic issues may say more about the real race than does the cable news buzz .
Independent coders have always added to games , but now they are getting much more businesslike about it
This week , Valve Corporation and Turtle Rock Studios will release Left 4 Dead .
A cooperative online survival horror game , Left 4 Dead casts four players as the sole resistance against a zombie apocalypse .
What 's most interesting about the game is that it 's built on Valve 's Source engine technology - the same technology that powered Half - Life 2 ( four years ago ) , Counter - Strike : Source and Portal .
Source 's versatility is demonstrated with the regular stream of inventive titles powered by it - Left 4 Dead being the latest example - but it 's perhaps most evident in the vast number of mods ( modifications to a game , often built by fans ) created for Source games .
A search on moddb.com reveals that there are more than 1,000 mods either released or in development for Half - Life 2 alone .
The modding crowd
For copyright reasons , mods are free to download and play .
It 's a form of bedroom game development that 's rarely acknowledged outside specialist media , but mods and mod teams have been crucial since the early 1990s : id Software , for example , agrees that part of the huge success of its titles Wolfenstein 3D ( 1992 ) and Doom ( 1993 ) was largely due to word of mouth .
And a significant selling point for those games - to hardcore gamers , at least - was the opportunity to rework them .
This was a painstaking process with Wolfenstein , so id , realising the potential of the mod scene , made Doom more mod-friendly .
The result was an extensive Doom modding community ; one of its members , Tim Willits , was recruited by id in 1995 , and is now the company 's lead designer .
Valve 's ties to the mod scene are even stronger .
Not only is a significant portion of the creative team comprised of former modders , but it's also been involved in the commercialisation of mod projects since the early days .
Counter - Strike , the most played online game in the world , began as a mod of Half - Life , which was released in November 1998 .
Counter - Strike was an immediate hit , and in 2000 , Valve recruited the team behind it and a commercial version of the game was released .
Since 2000 , Valve has positioned itself as a white knight for mod scene : it has orchestrated the commercialisation of Gunman Chronicles , Day of Defeat and Garry 's Mod - a sandbox game / virtual playground .
Last month Valve began hosting outstanding mods on Steam , its digital distribution / online gaming platform .
However , things are changing .
" They 're not just doing it for fun any more , " says Doug Lombardi , Valve 's marketing director .
" It 's not just so they can brag to a bunch of people on a forum .
They 're serious .
They want to quit their day jobs and do this thing for real .
So they 're forming companies .
I was around in the Half - Life days , and if you 'd told me in early 1998 that people in the mod community would be forming articles of corporation , I would have laughed at you .
But we see it now . "
While some in the community say this commercial approach destroys the spirit of modding , Lombardi says : " I think you just end up with more polished works . "
Jason Holtman , Valve 's financial director , concurs : " The mod scene is maturing .
We see more mod teams organising , getting incorporated , firing people who are n't producing .
We see a lot of these guys going to school and coming out of universities .
There 's a couple of universities coming out in London that are looking like DigiPen [ a college in Washington State ] - and , obviously , there 's DigiPen , which is growing tremendously .
So we 're seeing a more formalised , more sophisticated version of the mod world . "
Making it big
Even so , with entry - level game development tools becoming cheaper or even free , some teams are cutting out the middleman .
Consider Narbacular Drop , a project from Nuclear Monkey Software , a team of students from DigiPen .
Rather than modding an existing game , Nuclear Monkey built its own product , an innovative exploration into the use of portals in puzzles .
That caught the attention of Valve , which promptly acquired Nuclear Monkey and put the team to work on creating last year 's critical and commercial hit , Portal .
" The Portal team was like the current - day version of the mod scene , " Holtman says .
" Instead of being distributed across the states and meeting on a chatroom , or whatever , they met in a classroom at a university for computer game design and programming .
But that 's because folks know that 's a legitimate path now .
People are being very sharp and very intentional about their stuff .
They 've seen the
Counter - Strike model .
They 're saying , ' I can do that , too .
That 's my ticket into the industry .
I do n't want to be a tester on Football 2009 ; I want to go get a job at Valve . ' "
Valve has realised that the future of innovation lies with the players ; those who have been playing games since childhood and want to do it themselves .
" It 's that garage - band ethos , " says Lombardi .
" They know they can go out and do it now , and make it big . "
And the launch of Left 4 Dead on Steam will be yet another example of just how far a small team can now go .
Hiroshima Child
I come and stand at every door
But none can hear my silent tread
I knock and yet remain unseen
For I am dead for I am dead
I 'm only seven though I died
In Hiroshima long ago
I 'm seven now as I was then
When children die they do not grow
My hair was scorched by swirling flame
My eyes grew dim my eyes grew blind
Death came and turned my bones to dust
And that was scattered by the wind
I need no fruit I need no rice
I need no sweets nor even bread
I ask for nothing for myself
For I am dead for I am dead
All that I need is that for peace
You fight today you fight today
So that the children of this world
Can live and grow and laugh and play
by Nazim Hikmet
NASA Tests Rover Concepts in Arizona
NASA 's newest lunar rover prototype has now gone farther than it ever has before .
A collection of engineers , astronauts and geologists have spent the past week testing out the Small Pressurized Rover in the 11th annual Desert RATS – or Research and Technology Studies -- field tests .
Two teams of one astronaut and one geologist each have been driving the rover through the Arizona desert , trying it out in two different configurations .
One configuration leaves the crew members free to get on and off the rover whenever they like , but they must wear spacesuits at all times to protect them from the lunar environment .
The second configuration -- called the Small Pressurized Rover , or SPR -- adds a module on top of the rover ’s chassis that the crew can sit inside as they drive the vehicle , donning spacesuits whenever they want to get out .
For the first week of tests , the rover has been driven on day - long trips to determine how each configuration performed .
These have been some of the longest drives the prototype has ever made , but next week the group will step it up another notch or two , by going on a three - day drive through the desert in the SPR to determine how it performs and whether it 's comfortable enough for long - duration trips .
As the financial crisis deepens and widens , a horde of supplicants is converging on the Treasury .
Each of them has a story to tell , and although the details differ from one upscale beggar to the next , each ones tale of woe shares a common theme : help me or systemic risk will bring down the whole economy , with painful losses and injuries to one and all .
Until recently , most people had never heard of systemic risk .
It was a term of art for economists and financial theorists .
Now every lobbyist in Washington knows how to link his special pleading to the claim that unless he extracts his own pound of flesh from the taxpayer , the entire world will have hell to pay .
This not - so - thinly - veiled threat verges on extortion .
Commercial bankers have long practiced this rock - bottom - low form of politics , relying on the undeniable fragility of fractional - reserve banking to justify their appeals for public succor during a financial crisis .
Lately , however , various newcomers have joined the bankers in playing this con game .
In March , the Fed opened its credit window for the first time to investment banks .
In September , it ponied up $ 85 billion to rescue AIG in a de facto government takeover of the insurance giant and took control of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , committing up to $ 100 billion to each company to augment its capital .
A little later it announced that it would buy massive amounts of commercial paper ―thousands of firms in all sorts of industries potentially stand to benefit from that intervention .
Most recently , it has undertaken to prop up money market mutual funds .
The Emergency Economic Stabilization ( Bailout  )
Act of 2008 makes eligible for its $ 700 billion of largess , not only banks , but also savings associations , credit unions , security brokers and dealers , and insurance companies .
As if this scope of engagement were not sufficiently outrageous , the act stipulates that the eligible financial institutions  include , but are not limited to the ones named .
Will pawn shops be the next ones permitted to join the queue ?
Exactly why security brokers and dealers have been invited into the governments charmed circle might seem problematic , if systemic risk must be invoked as the rationale , but their inclusion makes perfect sense in the light of public - choice analysis once you have become aware of who the primary dealers are .
These institutions , a handful of companies authorized to trade directly with the Federal Reserve System , include :
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
Bank of America Securities LLC
Barclays Capital Inc .
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co .
Citigroup Global Markets Inc .
Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC
Daiwa Securities America Inc .
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc .
Dresdner Kleinwort Securities LLC
Goldman , Sachs & Co .
HSBC Securities ( USA ) Inc .
J. P. Morgan Securities Inc .
Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc .
Mizuho Securities USA Inc .
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
UBS Securities LLC
If you dont see any likely suspects in the recent string of taxpayer robberies on this list , then its time you had your eyes checked .
As the recession worsens , we can expect more and more firms and industries to plead for a rescue operation at taxpayer expense .
The auto companies have already received a promise of $ 25 billion from a compassionate Congress , whose members are ever ready to injure the general public interest in the service of a well - healed campaign contributor , especially if the beneficiary can demonstrate that he has dreadfully mismanaged a big business .
Now that corn and soybean prices have retreated from their recent extraordinary heights , the farmers are sure to demand that a national farm emergency be declared so that the 17 - room additions and new tennis courts they have planned for their rural palaces can proceed on schedule .
Other interest groups will troop toward Washington in tight formations , each with a claim that unless its demands are met , the Good Life and the American Way will go up in flames .
Hundreds of billions here , hundreds of billions there ―pretty soon you re talking about real money .
It will be highly depreciated money , however , because the governments bailout commitments to date , along with its already huge budget deficit , ensure that the Fed will be flooding the world with newly created dollars , and , other things being equal , each ones creation reduces the purchasing power of every existing one .
So far we must contend with $ 700 billion authorized by the big bailout law enacted on October 3 ; $ 85 billion for the AIG loan ; $ 100 billion each for Fannie and Freddie ; an undetermined amount , but potentially as much as $ 1,300 billion for the Commercial Paper Funding Facility ; $ 25 billion for the auto companies ; and $ 540 billion for the money market mutual funds .
Together , these giveaways , all ultimately taken out of the taxpayers  hide , amount to an astonishing $ 2,850 billion ―a sum almost equal to total federal government spending in the fiscal year just completed .
Of course , most of these outlays nominally take the form of loans , and much of the money probably will be repaid eventually .
Nevertheless , extension of the loans must be financed in any event , and in the present circumstances , such financing is inconceivable without gigantic expansions of central - bank credit , which require nothing but a snap of the Feds electronic finger .
If you are not expecting a surge in price inflation , then you need to review your economics notes .
Already we have seen an extraordinary spike in the monetary base .
After increasing fairly steadily in recent years , the reported monthly average base leaped from $ 847 billion in August to $ 908 billion in September―a 7.2 percent increase in a single month !
If the Fed continues to increase the monetary base at anything near this rate for more than a few months , hyperinflation is virtually certain to result .
Yet , in view of the lending commitments already made in the various bailout schemes , it seems likely that the Fed will have to continue to increase the monetary base rapidly .
We therefore face the prospect of stagflation the likes of which we have never seen before , with real output falling , unemployment rising , and prices increasing rapidly .
All of this ruin is brought to us courtesy of the economic czars who presume to know how to manage the economy .
Notwithstanding this frightening prospect , we can be certain that still more interest groups will be pressing the Treasury for their fair share of the plunder , even as the economic ship continues to sink .
Members of Congress are already touting the desirability of another stimulus program like the one that sent checks for as much as $ 1,200 to most American families a few months ago .
Somewhere in hell , John Maynard Keynes is laughing maniacally and dancing a jig .
Russia 's deepening strategic partnership with Venezuela took a dramatic step forward yesterday when it emerged that Moscow has agreed to build Venezuela 's first ever nuclear reactor .
President Dmitry Medvedev is expected to sign a nuclear cooperation agreement with his Venezuelan counterpart , Hugo Chávez , during a visit to Latin America next week , part of a determined Russian push into the region .
The reactor is to be named after Humberto Fernandez Moran , a late Venezuelan research scientist and former science minister , Chávez has announced .
It is one of many accords he hopes to sign while hosting Medvedev in Caracas next week .
The prospect of a nuclear deal between Moscow and Caracas , following a surge in Russian economic , military , political and intelligence activity in Latin America , is likely to alarm the US and present an early challenge to the Obama administration .
" Hugo Chávez joins the nuclear club , " Russian 's Vedomosti newspaper trumpeted yesterday .
Venezuela 's socialist leader said the reactor may be based in the eastern state of Zulia .
He stressed that the project would be for peaceful purposes .
As if to underline that point , four Japanese survivors from the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs visited Venezuela this week at the government 's invitation .
The energy ministry , which is scouting locations , said the project was at a very early stage .
A report which mooted a nuclear reactor long before Chávez came to power has been dusted off .
Despite abundant oil reserves , Venezuela 's energy infrastructure is creaking and prone to blackouts .
A nuclear reactor would enable the country to utilise its rich uranium deposits and allay criticism that the government has neglected energy investment .
More importantly for Moscow and Caracas , a nuclear deal will showcase a partnership which advocates creating new " poles " of power to check American hegemony .
Nick Day , a Latin American specialist , said the nuclear deal was deliberately timed to pile pressure on the US administration during a moment of transition and weakness .
" Russia is manoeuvring hard in the time between Obama 's election and his inauguration .
What the Russians are trying to do is to set up a chessboard that gives them greater mobility in negotiations when he [ Obama ] comes to power , " Day said .
He added : " Russia 's message is : ' We can exert influence in your backyard if you continue to exert influence in our backyard .
If you do n't take your missiles out of Poland and end Nato expansion we 're going to increase our influence in Latin America and do things to provoke you . ' "
According to Sergei Novikov , spokesman for Russia 's federal nuclear agency , no reactor can be built until both countries have signed a preliminary agreement on nuclear cooperation .
This will be signed next week , Novikov told Vedomosti .
Both presidents are also expected to firm up details of a Russian - Venezuelan energy consortium to jointly produce and sell oil and gas .
Russian companies which are already exploring oilfields in Venezuela could then extend their reach to fields in Ecuador and Bolivia .
Venezuela has bought $ 4bn of Russian arms , including Sukhoi fighter jets , making it one of Moscow 's best clients .
Chávez has spoken of also buying Project 636 diesel submarines , Mi-28 combat helicopters , T72 tanks and air - defence systems .
Despite the spending spree , Venezuela 's military has not tipped the regional balance of power .
Chávez 's armed forces lag behind that of Brazil , Chile and Colombia and analysts question Venezuelan effectiveness .
For Russia 's president , however , Caracas is a valuable springboard into Latin America .
In addition to Venezuela Medvedev will visit Peru , Brazil and Cuba - the first trip by a Russian leader to Havana in eight years .
Moscow has spoken of reviving Soviet - era intelligence cooperation with the communist island and in a sign of dramatically improved ties , President Raul Castro last month attended the opening of a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Havana .
He has been doing stunts since the age of nine when his elder brother Brian took him to their local skate park .
Brian encouraged him to go down a ramp and the obsession was born .
A new study describes the kidney toxicity of melamine and cyanuric acid based on research that was done to characterize the toxicity of the compounds that contaminated pet food in North America in 2007 .
This research points to a possible link between the pet food contamination that occurred in North America in 2007 and the recent adulteration of milk protein and resultant intoxication of thousands of babies from Asia .
The research described in the paper identifies the principal contaminants as melamine and cyanuric acid .
Neither of these compounds is very toxic when administered alone ; however , when given in combination , the two compounds form a virtually insoluble complex .
This complex forms in the tubules of the kidney , blocking urine flow and causing renal failure .
The research in the paper was done in rats , but because the toxicity depends only on the two compounds being present in the kidney at the same time , is relevant to other species , including humans .
The research presented in the paper also shows that the melamine - cyanuric acid complex is soluble in acid , suggesting that acidification of the urine in the distal tubules of the kidney may be a reasonable treatment option .
Rachel Maddow had Jonathan Turley on yesterday to discuss the Wall Street Journal story reporting that the Bush administration had no intention of issuing pardons for the people involved in its torture operations because they do n't think it 's necessary .
And what Turley observed should be alarming to anyone concerned about whether or not Democrats are going to have the spine to return the U.S. to the rule of law -- by , among other things , holding torturers and the people who enabled them accountable :
Maddow :
So the White House says now , at least to the Wall Street Journal , that they are not likely to pardon anyone who might have implemented or taken part in these torture policies because they believe that their Justice Department memos excuse them , so there 's no need to pardon anyone .
Are you buying that reasoning ?
Turley : No . I do n't believe that anyone seriously believes in the administration that what they did is legal .
This is not a close legal question .
Waterboarding is torture .
It has been defined as a crime by U.S. courts and by foreign courts .
There 's no ambiguity in it .
That is exactly why they have repeatedly acted to stop any court from reviewing any of this .
And so what 's really happening here is a rather clever move at this intersection of law and politics .
That what the administration is doing , is they know that the people that want him to pardon our torture program is primarily the Democrats , not the Republicans .
The Democratic leadership would love to have a pardon so they could go to their supporters and say , " Look , there 's really nothing we could do .
We 're just going to have this truth commission , and we 'll get the truth out , but there really can't be any indictments now . "
Well , the Bush administration is calling their bluff .
They know that the Democratic leadership will not allow criminal investigations or indictments .
And in that way the Democrats will actually repair Bush 's legacy , because he will be able to say , " There was nothing stopping indictments or prosecutions , but a Democratic congress and a Democratic White House did n't think there was any basis for it . "
There 's been a certain amount of dismay expressed by progressives over the past week or so about Obama 's emerging Cabinet and the lack of any real liberals within his administration so far ; some of this is reasonable , some of it excessive .
But if Turley is right , and the Obama administration and congressional Democrats do what they 've been doing all along -- going along to get along , and putting politics over principle -- when it comes to confronting the reality that torture was conducted under American auspices , then the resulting uproar and outrage will be fully deserved .
The campaign is already under way .
In this morning 's Washington Post , Jack Goldsmith -- who was up to his neck in the torture dealings , but who also made a principled stand against the policies -- launched the first effort to shoot down not just any prosecutions and indictments , even any " truth commission " at all .
So Democrats and Republicans will beat their teeth over it for a few weeks , agree to set up a toothless " truth commission , " and let these war criminals walk slowly away .
It 's going to be up to the public -- the ordinary citizens who want the black stain of torture removed the national fabric -- to remind their spineless representatives that torture is torture , war crimes are war crimes , and the rule of law requires those who flouted it to face the consequences -- go - along - get - along politics be damned .
Illustration by David Simonds
“ IT WASN'T raining when Noah built the ark . ”
With these words , Stephen Harper , Canada 's prime minister , tried to explain to an audience of business people in Toronto , the country 's financial capital , why he would not give in to mounting pressure for extraordinary measures to protect the economy .
Even Mr Harper 's friends would not call him a talented communicator .
But what he meant was plain enough .
His government had taken all the precautions necessary to shield Canada from the credit crunch a year ago when it announced tax cuts worth C$ 60 billion ( $ 54 billion ) .
Generic government intervention of the kind his political opponents are advocating in the campaign for a general election on October 14th would be just “ panic ” , he said .
But even as Mr Harper was speaking on October 7th , the bankers and brokers in his audience were furtively checking their BlackBerrys as the Toronto stock - exchange index tumbled another 401 points — making for a cumulative drop of 3942 points or 28.6 % since September 1st — prices for oil and other commodities softened , and the Canadian dollar dropped .
Outside the hotel , unionists belonging to the Canadian Auto Workers mounted a New Orleans - style funeral march , complete with brass band and a coffin to symbolise the 67,000 manufacturing jobs lost in the past year .
It was in another , sunnier era back on September 7th when Mr Harper called the general election at which he hopes to win a parliamentary majority for his Conservative minority government .
This decision was seen by some of his opponents as opportunistic , since he had earlier pushed through a law fixing the normal life of a parliament at four years .
But almost three years in office was far above the average for a minority government in Canada .
Mr Harper , who is an economist , has established a reputation as a cool and calculating tactician .
The opinion polls suggested both that a majority was within the Conservatives ' reach , and that Canadians were not troubled by any issue in particular .
Then Lehman Brothers set the collapsing dominoes in motion on Wall Street .
The atmosphere in Canada has changed to one of dark foreboding .
The opposition parties have rounded on Mr Harper for being too stolidly complacent in the face of economic danger .
The Conservatives ' commanding lead in the polls is eroding ( see chart ) .
Unless he can stop that trend , all hope of a majority is gone .
That will be not because of anything Mr Harper has said or done , but what he has omitted to say or do .
Is the economic angst warranted ?
The United States casts a long shadow in Canada .
That is not just because it buys three - quarters of Canadian exports , but also because Canadians are exposed to the American media and their now daily drumbeat of dire economic news in a way few other people are .
They tend to think that what happens south of the border will eventually come north , and often it does .
But much depends on where in Canada you live and work .
In the industrial heartland of Ontario and Quebec , the American descent into recession is an additional worry on top of the pain in the car and lumber industries , which export to the United States and were already suffering from a strong Canadian dollar and weaker demand south of the border .
A spat earlier this year between Jim Flaherty , the federal finance minister , and the Liberal provincial government in Ontario , the most populous province , has not helped the Tories ' chances .
Mr Flaherty , himself an Ontarian , said that high taxes made the province “ the last place ” in Canada investors would go .
But in relative terms , Canada is doing rather better than most other rich countries .
Its banks have declared some losses from dabbling in American sub - prime mortgages .
But they remain in “ considerably better shape than their international peers ” , according to Mark Carney , the governor of the Bank of Canada , the central bank .
Banks continue to borrow and lend money .
Late last month , Teck Cominco , a mining firm , managed to borrow $ 9.8 billion to take over Fording Canadian Coal .
The carnage on Wall Street has not threatened institutions , but it has rattled nerves .
For most borrowers , credit has tightened .
That has prompted Mr Carney to inject liquidity .
On October 8th the Bank of Canada cut its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points ( to 2.5 % ) in a co-ordinated move with the other main central banks around the world .
The economy is still growing , albeit slowly .
The growth is mainly in the resource - rich western provinces .
The fall in commodity prices will certainly slow things down .
The plunge in the oil price means that some of the $ 110 billion of projected investment in Alberta 's oil sands may be postponed .
But Alberta 's government still ran a half - page ad in the New York Times earlier this month to try to lure American workers north .
Brad Wall , Saskatchewan 's premier , was in Toronto last month attempting to persuade new immigrants , who usually gravitate to the big cities , to head for his sparsely populated province .
Nationally , the unemployment rate remains near a three - decade low , the federal government still has a budget surplus and over the past three months consumer confidence has risen , according to the Conference Board , a business lobby .
And yet Mr Harper 's frequent assertion that “ Canada is not the United States ” and that the country 's economy is “ sound ” rings hollow with voters .
In part this is because the opposition , led by the Liberals , has seized upon the international financial meltdown as a game - changing event that requires government intervention in Canada .
Stéphane Dion , the Liberal leader , began the campaign promoting a carbon tax , which he said would be made revenue - neutral with offsetting cuts in income tax and special payments to those hardest hit .
His plan also includes incentives for business to invest in green technology .
He gained little traction with this proposal , which Mr Harper has ridiculed .
Mr Dion has had more success with his improvised idea for an emergency meeting of federal and provincial leaders to come up with a government plan for the economy .
He has yet to spell out much of what this might involve , apart from possibly raising the C$ 100,000 cap on bank deposits covered by insurance and a measure to suspend mandatory withdrawals from pension schemes to avoid having to cash in shares when prices are low .
This activism , rather than Mr Harper 's standpat response , resonates with the average Canadian , says Nik Nanos , a pollster .
Canadians expect their government to be more interventionist than that of the United States , and so have watched in surprise as George Bush 's Republican administration has nationalised banks and put together a $ 700 billion Wall Street bail - out .
“ In the long term , [ Mr Harper ] may be on the right track , but in the short term , he could be portrayed as being insensitive , ” says Mr Nanos .
These criticisms have been amplified because they come from all four of the opposition parties .
The format of the two televised campaign debates , which have included the Green Party for the first time as well as the socialist New Democrats and the separatist Bloc Québécois , has had the effect of making Mr Harper look isolated .
He dismissed the opposition platforms as “ economic fantasyland … where money grows on trees , debts do n't have to be paid back and taxes are good for the economy ” .
On the only occasions on which Conservative leaders have won majorities in the past half century , in the 1950s and 1980s , they have done so by forging a coalition of Quebeckers , westerners and suburban Ontarians .
Mr Harper , with a strong western base , has tried to woo Quebec with extra cash and much political flattery , hoping to raise his party 's current haul of 11 of the province 's 75 seats in the 308 - member House of Commons .
But the prime minister , a risk - averse politician , made one of his rare political mistakes when he clumsily trimmed arts funding , likening recipients of arts grants to corporate fat cats .
Many Quebeckers see their culture as central to preserving their identity in an English - speaking world .
Angry Quebec artists responded with a slickly produced video posted on YouTube ( “ Culture en péril ” or “ Culture in danger ” ) that cast the Tories as bible - thumping homophobes who did not understand French Canadians .
This helped to revive support for the separatist Bloc , which had seemed to be floundering .
Indeed , it has become a running joke among journalists covering its campaign that Gilles Duceppe , the Bloc leader , rarely even mentions the topic of Quebec independence , supposedly his party 's raison d'être .
Still , it is outside events , more than his own mistakes , that have sent Mr Harper 's plans awry over the campaign 's first four weeks .
Unless matters change dramatically in its final four days , it seemed as if the make - up of the new House of Commons might look remarkably like that of the outgoing one , though the NDP and the Greens may pick up a few seats at the expense of the Liberals .
That would look like a defeat for Mr Harper .
But it would be an accurate reflection of the curious political stasis of a largely contented country .
Best Jobs To Ride Out A Recession
Which are the best jobs and careers that weather a downtrend ?
Do you know which ones may not last ?
When you ’re in between jobs or just starting out , one wise move you can make is to consider work that may possibly be immune to economic shifts .
And what exactly are these recession proof jobs like ?
Here are some things you should be looking for :
Jobs that are in high demand ,
that require special skills ,
that continue to provide goods and services regardless of what goes on with the economy ,
that are found in specific industries that show resistance to downturns ,
that are offered by stable companies that have the foundation to weather financial and market cycles .
I ’ve got my own personal story that illustrates what I ’ve done to get through some tough economic periods :
During the high tech boom of the 1990 ’s I took a lot of risks and jumped from one employer to another , eventually landing a job at a small startup that was n’t making any money .
But in the early 2000 ’s , I was one of the numerous casualties of the dot com bust .
So can you guess what I did after I got laid off ?
After a short break , I decided to sign up with a mature , stable and large company that offered me a full time job .
Gone were my days as a contractor as I no longer had the nerve to take chances with my paycheck .
And there I stayed for a good long four years ( the longest I stayed anywhere ! ) until I decided to leave on my own volition .
Goes to show that when you join a larger , more mature company , you will probably be the most secure as you can ever be as an employee , though there may still be no guarantees .
But your risks of job loss are greatly reduced .
How Are Jobs Affected During A Slump ?
For those of us on the lookout for work , I thought these additional facts would be helpful : the latest unemployment numbers released some weeks back indicated that certain job sectors were recently negatively impacted ,
Construction
Professionals : lawyers , architects , management consultants
Manufacturing
Retail
Transportation , Warehousing
while other sectors were actually adding jobs .
These articles from PayScale.com and NY
Times give us some ideas about the types of jobs that will hold up during hard times :
Few feds lose their jobs during a recession and most downsizing in the federal government is based on attrition , not filling vacant positions , rather than letting people go .
and most downsizing in the federal government is based on attrition , not filling vacant positions , rather than letting people go .
Sales and marketing positions and others supporting them are fairly sturdy .
Anyone who makes or saves money for a company will be relatively safe .
Anyone who makes or saves money for a company will be relatively safe .
Recession proof jobs are those that the population demands regardless , like healthcare and pharmaceuticals .
People are getting older , people are getting frailer , and demographics of the population are aging .
Biosciences , physical therapy , occupational therapy are recession proof , being in demand and requiring specialized skills .
like healthcare and pharmaceuticals .
People are getting older , people are getting frailer , and demographics of the population are aging .
Biosciences , physical therapy , occupational therapy are recession proof , being in demand and requiring specialized skills .
Even during boom times no job is fail - safe .
But some industries are safer havens than others , experts say , such as education , health care , the federal government , clean technology , information technology , and sales and marketing .
Top White Collar Jobs During A Recession
So if you ’re a high school teacher , health care worker or computer engineer , you may be in pretty good shape .
This table , reprinted from CNN Money ( in conjunction with PayScale.com ) , shows us which professions provide the best combination of attractive pay along with solid job security .
JOB GROWTH RATE GROWTH * MEDIAN COMP WHY IT’S SECURE Financial adviser 41 % $ 74,000
As boomers retire , they ’ll need financial hand - holding .
Software program manager 29 % $ 103,000 Someone has to prevent complex systems from going kerflooey .
Database administrator 29 % $ 77,000
See above .
It ’s good to be a computer nerd .
Physical therapist 27 % $ 67,000
The baby boomers ’ backs and knees are n’t getting any younger .
Physician assistant 27 % $ 84,000 Managed - care companies love PAs : They ’re cheaper than docs .
Environmental specialist 25 % $ 53,000
Ever heard of global warming ?
Hydrologist 24 % $ 59,600
Water is in short supply .
People get thirsty .
Enough said .
College professor 23 % $ 79,000
It ’s Econ 101 : Demand for schooling is growing .
Certified public accountant 18 % $ 64,000
Thank complex tax codes and audit - hungry regulators .
Teacher 12 % $ 48,000
Try to get fired from this union job .
Just try .
Note * Projected growth in jobs between 2006 and 2016 .
Sources : BLS data , PayScale.com .
Looking For A New Job ?
If you ’re job hunting right now , you may want to try these online resources to help you with your search :
Monster.com : is one of the most visited web sites in existence and is the largest employment site out there .
It ’s an incredibly popular job search engine , which hosts job postings and resumes numbering in the millions .
Job.com : a resource for local jobs , career advice and other services to manage your job and career .
Executive Search Online : a leading nationwide job matching service for more experienced executives .
Pay levels for these executive jobs are typically higher .
Beyond.com : an extensive career network that ’s set up as a community of niche sites in various industries .
ResumeEdge : a resume editing resource for those who need a little help writing a high quality resume and / or cover letter .
They are the leading provider of resume writing services online and the chosen resume partner of well - known job sites such as Yahoo !
Hot Jobs , CareerJournal and Dice.com .
Resume Rabbit : a resume distribution service that submits your resume to top online job banks such as Monster , HotJobs , Career Builder , Dice , etc , as well as job search engines .
Snag A Job : a tool to help you find hourly jobs .
This job site specializes in finding part - time and full - time hourly jobs .
: a tool to help you find hourly jobs .
This job site specializes in finding part - time and full - time hourly jobs .
Yahoo
Hot Jobs : a popular online job board .
For more ideas , check out this article that lists 25 careers to pursue during a recession or this piece I wrote last week detailing the steps you can take to recession proof your job and career .
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Performance and intervention in Google Maps , 2008
Street With A View introduces fiction , both subtle and spectacular , into the doppelganger world of Google Street View .
On May 3rd 2008 , artists Robin Hewlett and Ben Kinsley invited the Google Inc. Street View team and residents of Pittsburgh ’s Northside to collaborate on a series of tableaux along Sampsonia Way .
Neighbors , and other participants from around the city , staged scenes ranging from a parade and a marathon , to a garage band practice , a seventeenth century sword fight , a heroic rescue and much more …
Street View technicians captured 360 - degree photographs of the street with the scenes in action and integrated the images into the Street View mapping platform .
This first - ever artistic intervention in Google Street View made its debut on the web in November of 2008 .
As of April 2014 , Sampsonia Way was replaced with updated imagery .
It is now possible to “ go back in time ” in Street View .
Select “ May 2008 ” to see images from this project .
>> tinyurl.com/streetwithaview
>> Press Photos ZIP
( CNN ) -- Celebrations erupted in Barack Obama 's ancestral home in Kenya after the U.S. Democrat made history by being elected America 's first African American president .
A German - speaking couple in Berlin watches the U.S. elections on TV late Tuesday night .
more photos »
In K'Ogelo , a small village of less than a thousand people , nicknamed the " epicenter for Obamamania , " Obama 's grandmother , half - brother and relatives eagerly watched the election results .
Here T - shirts , bootleg CDs and other memorabilia related to the man many had hoped to be the next U.S. president were being sold , according to CNN 's David McKenzie .
In an interview billed as an exclusive with The Standard , his grandmother , Mama Sarah Hussein Obama , had urged " no early celebrations " until the election was over .
Interviews with the media had been turned down until after the election to allow her rest and to watch the returns .
" Tonight we are not going to sleep , " said Valentine Wambi at the University of Nairobi where hundreds of students were holding an election party in the Kenyan capital , according to The Associated Press .
" It will be celebrations throughout . "
Election Night in America
Watch history unfold with CNN and the best political team on television .
Tonight Election Center »
The Web site of Kenya's The Daily Nation newspaper posted the time Obama was declared the victor shortly after 7 a.m. local time .
iReport.com : World reacts to historic election
Hundreds had earlier gathered around a massive bonfire of burning tires , holding up Obama posters , blowing whistles and waving American flags in Nairobi's Kibera shantytown , one of Africa 's largest slums , AP reported .
In Asia , stocks rose sharply , as election returns were coming in , a sign investors were upbeat about a likely Obama win and saw it as a harbinger of an improved U.S. economy , key to Asian exports .
In Seoul , South Korea , Wednesday morning , catcalls went out after every state called for Obama , said CNN 's Sohn Jie - Ae , who attended a viewing party by Democrats Abroad , the overseas branch of the U.S. Democratic Party .
The organization says its membership increased by more than 400 in the past few months , Sohn said .
The people at the viewing party were camera - shy , however , because many had called in sick to watch their candidate become president .
In a mock election of 150 students , journalists and academics at the U.S. Embassy Election Watch Open House , McCain won 25 votes , Obama had 132 votes , and Nader had none , Sohn said in a blog .
In Noida , India , just outside New Delhi , CNN's Sara Sidner said she observed that the U.S. election was not the minute - to - minute preoccupation of most people trying to eke out a daily living .
" Many could care less about it and are worried about the issues they and their country are facing . "
But CNN partner CNN - IBN was dedicating more than seven hours to the U.S. election , with huge graphic touch screens and commentators -- something unseen by U.S. networks to a national election other than their own , Sidner reported .
Copyright 2008 CNN .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Elections and Voting
This is still an infinite loop if you click " swf " instead of " mp4 " in the sidebar to the left of the flash .
Thank me later .
This November , the Xbox 360 will turn three .
So far , it 's been a profitable and successful system for Microsoft , capturing the attention of developers , snatching exclusives away from the PlayStation 3 and gaining lots of street cred from hardcore gamers .
But in spite of this success , Microsoft has chosen to make an aggressive , totally unprecedented step .
They 're completely overhauling the Xbox 360 firmware with a free update called the New Xbox Experience ( NXE ) that hits consoles on November 19th .
Functionally , it 's hiding at least one killer app .
Visually , it 's a bigger jump than Windows XP to Windows Vista .
Given that NXE is a mandatory update for anyone on Xbox Live , it 's a good thing we really , really liked it .
Navigation
The NXE Dashboard looks entirely different from the old sliding blade system .
In fact , it looks a lot more Apple than Microsoft , with sharp image - based navigation and a subtle icon reflection on the Cover Flow - esque surface where 360 content sits .
And you 'll notice immediately , it 's fast .
Animations are very smooth as you flick through content , with little to no noticeable caching .
Those occasional hiccups from the old blade interface have been burped out .
Advertisement
You might not understand how to get around NXE at first glance , but after a moment the system sinks in .
Despite all those pretty icons on the right , the primary folder navigation can be seen on the upper left .
It 's a simple vertical list .
Up and down changes your folder .
Right and left selects the content from that folder .
•
My Xbox is your home base , leading to your games , profiles , media libraries and settings .
•
Friends shows all of your friends and their avatars .
• Inside Xbox links you to Microsoft - sponsored 360 videos , games and previews , from gaming tips to movie trailers .
•
Events houses all of the scheduled 360 online events , like family play nights , " Gamerchix " girl nights and game - specific marathon play fests .
•
Welcome introduces you to the main features of NXE , and it can be removed when you 're done with it .
It 's the only folder that can be removed on NXE .
• Spotlight is sort of a mix of My Xbox and Inside Xbox .
It 's actually completely superfluous given the other categories , as well as misleading because it looks so much like My Xbox with your avatar there .
And yes , icon two is a Subway commercial — or any ad Team Xbox wants to serve up .
Advertisement
• Game Marketplace is all about new DLC and community games .
• Video Marketplace is like the Game Marketplace but for movies .
This is where Microsoft tucked the one and only Netflix icon .
Why is n't Netflix in My Xbox if you 're a subscriber ?
The categories do feel a bit heavy , and unfortunately , you can't tweak folder contents in any way .
So say you want to stick Netflix into My Xbox since you have a subscription … too bad .
It ca n't be done .
What 's great is that when you are buying arcade titles , browsing movies or sorting through other long lists , the interface shifts from the large Cover Flow icons to a nifty three - sheet page layout , allowing you to access more information easily .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
So that 's the pretty view .
But there 's a whole other ( faster ) way you can navigate through your 360 .
In fact , you could operate the entire device by hitting the Xbox button and pulling up the Quick Launch Bar .
Advertisement
The QLB is gray and blue ( and for some reason , the text is a bit soft — I wish it were sharper ) , and it brings back the blade interface of yore .
Not only can you pull up the QLB from the main menu , but you can pull it up from anywhere at any time , even in games .
Advertisement
Why is that access so convenient ?
Well , say you are playing Fable II .
You can pull up your QLB and find a list of your most recently played games .
Select one and you 'll hop from one title to another without tediously returning to the main menu .
The same rubric applies to music , downloads and pretty much everything else you want to do on the 360 .
Oh , and it 's the best way to circumvent Microsoft ads and promotions because it has none .
New Features Avatars
Yes , we get it , Microsoft totally stole their avatars from Nintendo .
Whatever .
Good consoles borrow .
Great consoles steal .
Moving on …
Advertisement
The NXE avatars reach a whole different level of sharpness and detail when compared to their Wii counterparts — though that 's a good and a bad thing .
The clothing , hairstyles and facial features are far more , well , impressive .
They look great in HD , like a Mii after it hits some sort of technological puberty .
You do n't just slap on a generic red shirt , you dress realistically in a pair of cuffed jeans and felt blazer .
There 's just a whole different level of detail going on here .
Advertisement
But that detail , mainly regarding hair , face and eyes , means that it 's far harder to make your avatar actually look like you .
NXE 's avatar art package simply does n't promote the universality of Nintendo's Mii .
My Mii looks just like me .
My wife 's Mii looks just like her .
Our NXE selves look like siblings , cousins or just some weird people who dress like us .
Also , as you search through lists of noses and beauty marks for your character , you might catch one of Microsoft 's notorious streaming delays as you wait for all of your options to load .
It 's no deal breaker — really this was the only time during the review I actually noticed it — but it can be annoying .
Advertisement
And clothes …we need more .
Lots more .
There 's no doubt that Microsoft will microtransaction these to death — in fact they 're bringing in a whole avatar store — and that 's fine .
But there are 33 shirt options for men right now .
That selection may sound like a lot until you realize that you cannot alter colors or designs in any way .
Ever see that 90210 where Brenda and Kelly pick out the same dress to the dance ?
Well it 's going to be even worse for Halo fans .
Multiplayer Parties
One of the biggest updates in NXE was multiplayer matching — under - the - hood adjustments that allow groups of friends to travel together from game to game with extreme convenience .
Sounds good , but we were unable to test the feature because none of our friends have the new firmware .
Advertisement
Themes
Yes , you can use your old themes on NXE .
No , it 's not quite the same .
One wallpaper is used for a majority of your navigation ( pretty much the whole time that you 're within the main icon - based interface , which is why that Fable backdrop is in every photo of this review ) .
Other wallpapers make their way into submenus , like the Games Library content , but those moments are few and far between .
Advertisement
Full Game Installs
I began installing Fable II at 10:14 pm and it finished by 10:25 pm .
I 'm not sure that the game loaded any faster — maybe you could catch it with a stopwatch , but I could n't with casual observation .
Advertisement
But I did notice that Fable 's auto - guidance system reacted more quickly to my directional changes .
Pop-ins may have been a little improved as well , though I was able to duplicate a few problems I experienced with the disc in .
The biggest benefit was that the DVD did n't spin nonstop .
In fact , it did n't spin at all .
Since my test 360 has gone through two optical drives already , I was happy to have the option to lessen the wear and tear on my 360 .
Netflix Finally , we get to my favorite update of NXE .
Gold subscribers with Netflix subscriptions can instantly stream movies and tv shows right to their consoles .
Advertisement
You download the Netflix app on your Xbox , which takes about a minute .
Then you go online with a 5 - digit activation code , which takes about another minute .
Add movies to your queue on netflix.com , and they appear on your Xbox in 1 to 5 seconds presented in sharp and vivid box art .
( Even though you build a playlist on a PC , you can still check out queued movie ratings and summaries on the 360 . )
Advertisement
That 's , what , three minutes of setup time ?
To begin streaming any film in your queue , it 's just another 10 seconds .
Testing clips , video automatically formatted to our widescreen television .
Of course , the determined by your bandwidth — it should look just like the quality in the $ 100 Roku box that 's been available for some time .
But as long as you have 2 M bps or faster downstream , you should have a positive experience .
The picture is softer than DVD but sharper than Amazon Unbox .
The only thing that bothers me is the noticeably lower frame rate than either .
Still ... I 'm not looking this gift horse in the mouth .
It 's very watchable , and free ( with subscription ) .
Advertisement
Fast forwarding brings you to a screen with 10 or so stills that you can cycle through to pick your spot of choice .
You can quit watching a film and then resume it later with no problem .
Advertisement
All in all , it 's a fantastic interface that makes for a trouble - free user experience .
Microsoft nailed it .
And we feel bad for Roku .
They made a great product , and in one step , Microsoft made it pretty much obsolete .
UPDATE : Especially because NXE will debut Netflix HD streaming .
At the End of the Day Ultimately , it does n't matter whether or not you like NXE , since we 're all going to be forced to update the firmware to connect to Xbox Live .
But luckily , NXE is an all - around upgrade from the old 360 OS — which really was n't so bad in its own right .
NXE is faster , prettier and more functional than its predecessor .
It brings us avatars and Netflix , full game installs and more robust multiplayer .
Truth be told , we could have been shown NXE as the operating system behind the Xbox 720 , and life would n't have been so bad .
Instead , we get it a few years early .
And we consider ourselves lucky .
Discover Opportunities You Never Imagined ; Embrace Uncertainty
Do you know what ’s going to happen to you tomorrow ?
The answer to this question is inevitably “ No . ” Even if you have the best plans and schedules , you ca n’t predict for sure what ’s going to happen .
So how do you deal with uncertainty ?
By accepting it .
Uncertainty is Stressful ( But it does n’t have to be )
Letting uncertainty happen is stressful .
It scares us when we do n’t know what ’s going to happen because we imagine all kinds of bad and undesirable things that might occur .
We feel that we ca n’t leave too much up to chance .
But when we try to eliminate all uncertainty , not only do we block out the bad stuff that could happen we also block out the good things that could happen – things that we never guessed might occur .
When you make your plans too rigid you limit yourself to past experiences and those things that you can imagine happening .
But what about all the things that could happen that you ca n’t imagine ?
That ’s where you miss out .
Allowing some uncertainty keeps you open to things that you never could have guessed would happen .
Some of those things may not be pleasant , but some of those things are opportunities that will take you in a direction you did n’t know existed .
Uncertainty Increases Possibility and Creativity
Living with uncertainty increases Possibility and Creativity in your life .
Possibility when you are open to experiences that you never had before and creativity when you adapt to circumstances you never thought would happen .
You need these things because they increase your opportunity for growth .
When you have a goal that you are trying to reach you ca n’t imagine exactly how you might get there , and when you try to plan for everything that might happen you limit your experiences .
It ’s usually not what ’s straight ahead of us that is really rewarding , it ’s the things we notice from the periphery .
But if we are focused exclusively on what ’s straight ahead of us , we tend not to notice things on the side , and those are missed opportunities .
Life on Replay
We want to know what ’s going to happen to us because we will then know how to act , but the only things that we know are those things that have already happened to us , and essentially , when we always want the known , we live exclusively in the past .
This means that are lives are simply being lived on “ Replay . ”
Besides , we can’t ever really control everything even when we try to .
We are adapting to circumstances constantly – whether we want to or not .
So the choice is whether you will gracefully accept what comes to you or whether you will go kicking and screaming all the way .
“ Without uncertainty and the unknown , life is just the stale repetition of outworn memories . ” – Deepak Chopra , from “ The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success ”
Start Small
Begin to challenge your uncertainty threshold by spending time in an uncontrolled , unplanned - out , unstructured environment .
You do n’t have to do it in an environment where things really matter , like at work .
But the next time you have a day , or an afternoon or an hour to spare , just see what happens rather than deciding what you want and making a plan to get there .
Next time you work on your hobby do n’t have any goals , go off and explore a new part of your city , a hiking trail , a park , or just decide to follow your whims for a certain amount of time .
The point is not to try to get anywhere .
Always trying to control is a fruitless activity .
It causes stress and discomfort because the Universe has a way of doing what it wants and not what we want .
Practicing uncertainty can help to alleviate the stress that you feel when you have to adapt to a circumstance that you did not plan .
Like this : Like Loading ...
In anticipation of Barack Obama entering the White House this page has been here since October the 29th .
Here you will find live coverage of the 2009 Inauguration , Obama ’s Inauguration speech and links to other videos about the Inauguration .
Obama ’s Inauguration Speech
Part 1 :
Part 2 : Click Here to Watch Part 2 …
Share The Inauguration Speech Videos :
Link :
Opening Inaugural Ceremonies at the Lincoln Memorial – Full Length Video
Share This Inauguration Video :
Link :
More Inauguration Video Clips
Associated Press –
The AP will publish a number of video clips from Inauguration day on their YouTube channel ( Watch here )
The AP will publish a number of video clips from Inauguration day on their YouTube channel ( Watch here ) Presidential Inaugural Committee 2009 – The official Inauguration channel on YouTube complete with historic video clips and interviews surrounding the event .
( Watch here )
– The official Inauguration channel on YouTube complete with historic video clips and interviews surrounding the event .
( Watch here ) Channel 4 ( UK ) – The C4 news team will update this page with the latest coverage and videos of the Inauguration .
( Watch here )
– The C4 news team will update this page with the latest coverage and videos of the Inauguration .
( Watch here ) BBC ( U. K Users ) :
The BBC has a collection of news stories complete with videos on the 2009 Inauguration .
Look for the ‘ In Video ’ menu on the right hand side .
( Watch here )
: The BBC has a collection of news stories complete with videos on the 2009 Inauguration .
Look for the ‘ In Video ’ menu on the right hand side .
( Watch here ) Comcast.net ( U.S. Only ) – Comcast will feature On - Demand streaming video of the swearing - in ceremony and inaugural address in its video library as well as other Inaugural news .
( Watch here )
Comcast will feature On - Demand streaming video of the swearing - in ceremony and inaugural address in its video library as well as other Inaugural news .
( Watch here ) Change .
Gov –
The Change.gov channel is Obama ’s official YuTube channel which will likely be updated with videos of the Inaugral events .
( Watch now )
– The Change.gov channel is Obama ’s official YuTube channel which will likely be updated with videos of the Inaugral events .
( Watch now ) TerraTV – Spanish viewers can get video clips of the Inauguration and related news .
( Watch here )
Spanish viewers can get video clips of the Inauguration and related news .
( Watch here ) The Daily Show – Will be taking a more comical look at the Inaugural events .
( Watch here )
Will be taking a more comical look at the Inaugural events .
( Watch here ) MTV – Will have celebrity focused videos related to the Inauguration .
( Watch here )
Will have celebrity focused videos related to the Inauguration .
( Watch here ) PureVideo Search – A selection of videos about the Inauguration from a wide variety of sources around the web ( Watch here )
Peer 2 Peer
These Peer 2
Peer video programs can allow you to watch live coverage or download pre-recorded coverage .
TVUPlayer ( live ) – By downloading TVUPlayer ( a P2P app ) you will be able to watch a number of live TV stations from around the world that will be broadcasting the Inauguration .
( Read More )
By downloading TVUPlayer ( a P2P app ) you will be able to watch a number of TV stations from around the world that will be broadcasting the Inauguration .
( Read More ) Livstation ( live ) – Similar to TVUPlayer , Livestation will also use P2P technology to stream live TV stations from around the world which will be airing the Inauguration .
( Read more ) .
Similar to TVUPlayer , Livestation will also use P2P technology to stream TV stations from around the world which will be airing the Inauguration .
( Read more ) .
Graboid ( pre-recorded ) – Graboid is a very easy to use program that allows you to download pre-recorded videos online through P2P technology .
It wo n’t have live coverage but after the Inauguration will have a number of videos of the events that you can download .
( Read more )
Live Inauguration Coverage
Here are the most reliable live streams of the Inauguration .
Note :
These streams may no longer be broadcasting or covering a different topic since the Inauguration is now over .
The best coverage of the Inauguration has been listed above .
More Live Streams
Also See
Dear Friend ,
Thank you for contacting Obama for America to inquire about the Senator 's position on allowing severely ill patients to use marijuana for medical purposes .
Many states have laws that condone medical marijuana , but the Bush Administration is using federal drug enforcement agents to raid these facilities and arrest seriously ill people .
Focusing scarce law enforcement resources on these patients who pose no threat while many violent and highly dangerous drug traffickers are at large makes no sense .
Senator Obama will not continue the Bush policy when he is president .
Thank you again for contacting us .
Sincerely ,
Obama for America
When Barack Obama enters the White House in January , will he make good on his promise to end federal interference with state medical marijuana laws ?
Reformers have not easily forgotten the broken promise of George Bush , who spoke of " state 's rights " regarding medical marijuana on the campaign trail only to subsequently declare war on patients and providers in states that protect medical use .
While the terms of engagement between DEA and the medical marijuana community under an Obama administration wo n’t be fleshed out for many months , I ’d like to remind everyone what exactly we ’ve been told to expect .
This is the Obama campaign ’s response to emails about medical marijuana :
As I 've argued previously , it 's really quite silly to argue that arresting patients is a " poor use of resources " as though we 'd persecute the sick if only we could afford to .
The hysteria about " many violent and highly dangerous drug traffickers " is also utterly irrelevant and distracting , a frivolous pander to law & order types who may or may not require constant reassurance that Obama does n't plan to end enforcement of all criminal laws on day 1 .
And yet , despite the almost complete incoherence of Obama 's position on medical marijuana , it somehow arrives at the conclusion that we must stop arresting medical marijuana patients and providers .
Is there any ambiguity about that ?
If nothing else , the above statement insists convincingly that Obama has every intention of promptly discontinuing one of the worst excesses of the modern war on drugs .
If this happens , it will be the functional equivalent of the chronically doomed Hinchey Amendment , and one could scarcely overstate the significance of such an event .
Video : Planetary orbit
This near - infrared composite image shows the nearby star HR 8799 ( multi- coloured blob ) and its three planets ( red dots at upper left , upper right and just below the star ) .
The planets are 7 to 10 times as massive as Jupiter ( Image : National Research Council Canada )
A ring of dust and debris surrounding the star Fomalhaut ( whose light is blocked out ) appears here in an optical image taken with the Hubble Space Telescope in 2006 .
A planet ( inset ) orbits the star about three times as far from its star as Pluto does from the Sun – a separation larger than that of any other confirmed exoplanet ( Image : Paul Kalas / UC Berkeley / NASA / ESA )
Astronomers have snapped what they say is the best photographic evidence yet of planets orbiting other stars .
Two new planetary systems have been imaged in the Milky Way ; one offers the first glimpse of a system with multiple planets .
Advertisement
Other possible planets have been imaged near stars .
But the new pictures are the first to capture the subtle crawl of planets around their host stars , confirming that they are indeed in orbit .
“ It ’s great to see the quest for direct imaging of extrasolar planets finally bearing fruit , ” says Ray Jayawardhana of the University of Toronto , who was not associated with the two new studies .
Direct imaging allows astronomers to detect planets orbiting at much greater distances from their stars than the techniques most commonly used today .
Since the planets are far from the glare of their host stars , their light can be studied to reveal planetary properties , such as temperature and composition .
Two teams of astronomers made the discoveries , which may challenge the prevailing model of how planets form .
Christian Marois of the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics in Victoria , Canada , and colleagues found a system with three planets in an ongoing survey of 80 young stars surrounded by relatively large amounts of dust .
Debris disc
The planetary trio orbits the star HR 8799 , which sits 130 light years away in the constellation Pegasus .
The most distant planet in the group is roughly 7 times the mass of Jupiter and sits 68 astronomical units away from its host star ( 1 AU is the distance between the Earth and Sun ) .
Two larger planets , each estimated to weigh 10 Jupiters , orbit closer in – at 24 and 38 AU away from the star .
A disc of dusty debris , similar to the solar system ’s icy Kuiper belt , surrounds the entire system .
Like other photographed planetary candidates , HR 8799 ’s three planets weigh close to 13 Jupiters , a mass thought to separate planets from failed stars called brown dwarfs .
But the trio are most likely planets , says Marois .
While stars orbit each other at random orientations , HR 8799 ’s companions all seem to orbit in a plane , suggesting they formed in a disc like planets .
Astronomers have also never found a system with three orbiting stars , he says .
The planets , which formed some 60 million years ago , are still glowing with heat from their contraction .
Their march across the sky with the star , as well as their counter - clockwise orbit around it , were measured in near - infrared images taken with the Keck and Gemini North telescopes in Hawaii .
Bright glint
The team used a technique called adaptive optics to produce clearer images by removing distortions from the Earth ’s atmosphere .
In a separate study , another planet was found orbiting the star Fomalhaut , which sits some 25 light years from Earth and is surrounded by a belt of cold dust .
Astronomers predicted in 2005 that a planet might orbit Fomalhaut , after Hubble Space Telescope images showed the inner edge of the star ’s dust belt was unexpectedly sharp and not centred on the star .
Astronomers suspected a planet might have carved this shape .
Comparing Hubble observations from 2004 and 2006 , Paul Kalas of the University of California , Berkeley , and colleagues found the bright glint of a planet .
Called Fomalhaut b , it sits 119 AU from its host star and weighs no more than 3 Jupiter masses , based on its gravitational effect on the dust belt .
Record distances
The team is still struggling to explain why the planet is unusually bright in one of the two wavelengths of optical light used to study the planet .
Hot gas might enshroud the planet , or a ring of gas and dust that extends over 1 million km might girdle it .
A ring of debris probably encircled Jupiter when it was 200 million years old – the age of Fomalhaut b , says Kalas .
The team says follow - up observations with Hubble Space Telescope ’s Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph , which is set to be repaired on the last shuttle mission to the probe , could help explain the excess brightness .
Hundreds of extrasolar planets have been found by measuring the velocity changes in the star caused by the tug of its companion or by studying the dips in light levels when a planet passes in front of its host star .
But these techniques have only turned up planets within 6 AU of their host stars .
The newly discovered planets – which all lie at least four times that distance from their host stars – could challenge the leading model of how planets form , says Jayawardhana .
Duelling models
Astronomers suspect gas giants coalesce through ‘ core accretion ‘ , in which dust particles slowly stick together to become rocky chunks called planetesimals .
These chunks collide to build a massive solid core before attracting an outer layer of gas , a process that takes millions of years .
But far from a star , matter in the disc thins out and takes longer to orbit .
This might mean that distant , nascent planets do not have enough time to form a core before a star ’s radiation blasts away the surrounding gas .
“ My hunch is that core accretion is going to find it challenging to make such giant planets so far away for their parent stars , ” Jayawardhana told New Scientist .
Exoplanet discoveries have challenged the idea of core accretion in the past .
But Jayawardhana says the newly discovered three - planet system might be “ the closest to poster children as you can find for seriously considering disc instability ” , an alterative theory for how some gas giant planets could form .
In this theory , gravitational instabilities in a denser disc of debris can cause knots of matter to collapse rapidly , forming planets in thousands , rather than millions , of years .
Journal reference : Sciencexpress ( doi : 10.1126/science1167569 and 10.1126/science.1166585 )
Share
This :
... even after you adjust for inflation : Manhattan Project ( first atomic bomb ) : $ 24 billion ( 2008 dollars ) Project Apollo ( man on the moon ) : $ 135 billion ( 2005 dollars ) * A.I.G. Bailout ( revised ) : $ 150 billion ( 2008 dollars ) *
Update : it looks like the CPI has increased 11 % since 2005 ( Jan - Jan ) .
So we should perhaps count the 13 - year Apollo program as $ 150 billion in 2008 dollars .
[ Note : to make the point more painfully clear , the U.S. government has spent as much money bailing out one company as it did to put a man on the moon during a 13 - year program ... and NASA was n't exactly known for its thrift .
W.M. ]
Bail out General Motors ?
The people who murdered our mass transit system ?
First let them remake what they destroyed .
GM responded to the 1970s gas crisis by handing over the American market to energy - efficient Toyota and Honda .
GM met the rise of the hybrids with " light trucks . "
GM built a small electric car , leased a pilot fleet to consumers who loved it , and then forcibly confiscated and trashed them all .
GM now wants to market a $ 40,000 electric
Volt that looks like a cross between a Hummer and a Cadillac and will do nothing to meet the Solartopian needs of a green - powered Earth .
For this alone , GM 's managers should never be allowed to make another car , let alone take our tax money to stay in business .
But there is also a trillion - dollar skeleton in GM 's closet .
This is the company that murdered our mass transit system .
The assertion comes from Bradford Snell , a government researcher whose definitive report damning GM has been a vehicular lightening rod since its 1974 debut .
Its attackers and defenders are legion .
But some facts are irrefutable :
In a 1922 memo that will live in infamy , GM President Alfred P. Sloan established a unit aimed at dumping electrified mass transit in favor of gas - burning cars , trucks and buses .
Just one American family in 10 then owned an automobile .
Instead , we loved our 44,000 miles of passenger rail routes managed by 1,200 companies employing 300,000 Americans who ran 15 billion annual trips generating an income of $ 1 billion .
According to Snell , " virtually every city and town in America of more than 2,500 people had its own electric rail system . "
But GM lost $ 65 million in 1921 .
So Sloan enlisted Standard Oil ( now Exxon ) , Philips Petroleum , glass and rubber companies and an army of financiers and politicians to kill mass transit .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
The campaigns varied , as did the economic and technical health of many of the systems themselves .
Some now argue that buses would have transcended many of the rail lines anyway .
More likely , they would have hybridized and complemented each other .
But with a varied arsenal of political and financial subterfuges , GM helped gut the core of America 's train and trolley systems .
It was the murder of our rail systems that made our " love affair " with the car a tragedy of necessity .
In 1949 a complex federal prosecution for related crimes resulted in an anti-trust fine against GM of a whopping $ 5000 .
For years thereafter GM continued to bury electric rail systems by " bustituting " gas - fired vehicles .
Then came the interstates .
After driving his Allied forces into Berlin on Hitler 's Autobahn , Dwight Eisenhower brought home a passion for America 's biggest public works project .
Some 40,000 miles of vital eco-systems were eventually paved under .
In habitat destruction , oil addiction , global warming , outright traffic deaths ( some 40,000 / year and more ) , ancillary ailments and wars for oil , the automobile embodies the worst ecological catastrophe in human history .
Should current General Motors management be made to pay for the ancient sins of Alfred Sloan ?
Since the 1880s , American corporations have claimed human rights under the law .
Tasking one now with human responsibilities could set a great precedent .
GM has certainly proved itself unable to make cars that can compete while healing a global - warmed planet .
So let 's convert the company 's infrastructure to churn out trolley cars , monorails , passenger trains , truly green buses .
FDR forced Detroit to manufacture the tanks , planes and guns that won World War 2 ( try buying a 1944 Chevrolet ! ) .
Now let a reinvented GM make the " weapons " to win the climate war and energy independence .
It demands re-tooling and re-training .
But GM 's special role in history must now evolve into using its infrastructure to restore the mass transit system --- and ecological balance --- it has helped destroy .
Snowstorm leopard
A picture of an elusive snow leopard on a night - time prowl has won the prestigious Wildlife Photographer of the Year 2008 award .
The image was taken by Steve Winter , a photographer for National Geographic magazine , during a 13 - month quest to capture a perfect image of the endangered species in its unforgiving habitat high in the mountains of central Asia .
Reading about the celebrations in Kenya over the election of Obama , I came across this reminder :
Mr Obama ’s victory is being celebrated across the continent .
South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said it showed “ that for people of colour , the sky is the limit ” .
The BBC ’s world affairs correspondent Adam Mynott says Mr Obama will inherit a foreign policy legacy in Africa that has been one of the high points of the George Bush administration .
Earlier this year President Bush toured through five African nations and people greeted him in their thousands to applaud him for America ’s huge contribution in the fight against HIV / Aids .
Since its launch five years ago , his Aids relief programme has spent more than $ 15 bn dollars ( £ 9.5 bn ) on the continent and saved many thousands of lives .
While Bush will leave office reviled in the United States and hated over much of the world , it will be an odd curiosity that his legacy in Africa will probably be a very good one , and more important , it was earned .
Bush legitimately did a lot of good in Africa , and we can argue about specifics and argue there could be more done , but the fact that he did some good should be celebrated .
The other thing that Bush did that I have mentioned several times but I think bears repeating was his address after 9/11 in which he defended Islam and more than likely stopped what could have been ugly recriminations against Arab - Americans dead in their tracks .
When he did that , he did so immediately , forcefully , and with a clarity and honesty and display of leadership that was visibly absent from virtually every other action of his over the next seven years .
It really is something worth applauding , and despite his dismal legacy in virtually every other area , these two actions deserve acknowledgment .
And really , in regards to Africa , it is such a small investment .
Look at the good will Bush has earned for us with just 15 billion dollars , and compare it to what we spend in a month in Iraq .
Can you imagine what we could do with 15 billion dollars in aid a year , a mere pittance when considering our current budget ?
It is part of Bush ’s sad legacy that his incompetence and neglect leave us financially incapable of expanding his one act of legitimate good .
By Mark Doyle
BBC News world affairs correspondent , Mogadishu
The streets north of the ruins of the Old Parliament in Mogadishu stretch out like alleyways bulldozed through a rubble dump .
Parts of some of the buildings are still standing - a wall here , a section of collapsed roof there .
Mogadishu has been been devastated by years of war
But the overall impression in this part of the Somali capital is one of massive destruction .
I did not see a single house there without shell damage or bullet holes .
However , the really frightening part of it was the lack of people .
After covering several wars , I have come to be wary of empty places .
If , in a war zone , you turn a corner and see no shops open and no people going about their business - beware .
It usually means that some military activity has recently taken place there - so the people have fled - or that the people fear an imminent attack .
And the local people almost always know best .
As I drove through parts of Mogadishu on a patrol with Ugandan soldiers of the African Union ( AU ) peacekeeping force , there was an eerie lack of human beings .
We do n't have enough troops of our own to ensure security , so ... we still need the Ethiopians for now
Abdi Haji Gobdon
Government spokesman
Blasted buildings aside , this ghostly absence of people was a sure sign that this place is going through a period of terrible violence .
The United Nations estimates that in the past year at least half of the population of Mogadishu - or over half a million people - have fled the fighting between the Ethiopian - backed transitional government and its Islamist and clan - based opponents .
Some of the physical destruction I saw in Mogadishu was a result of earlier wars in the 1990s .
War in one form or another has been a near - constant fact of Somali life for decades .
But the relatively short conflict that has raged here since Ethiopia intervened to expel the Islamists in late 2006 has depopulated Mogadishu even more .
Pleased
The government says that is due to the unpredictable hit and run attacks of the insurgents .
Others say it is due to the more predictable Ethiopian tactic of inflicting heavy reprisals against suspected sympathisers of the insurgents .
The Ugandan contingent in Mogadishu is the lonely vanguard of an AU force
The day I visited Mogadishu there appeared to be mercifully little military activity in the areas I was able to see .
This allowed the government spokesman , Abdi Haji Gobdon , to make an ambitious claim : " Attacks and violence are very rare now .
You see , here we are at Villa Somalia [ site of the presidency ] , the highest point in the town , and we can hear no shooting . "
The last bit was true .
And I was very pleased it was true , partly because it meant that my hosts for the day - the United Nations aid mission to Somalia and the small AU force - felt able to drive BBC cameraman Phil Davies and I around a little .
But our tour was still strictly limited to the central districts of the capital - around the sea port , the " K4 " roundabout area , Villa Somalia , Medina hospital , and , as noted at the start of this report , a quick foray into the area beyond the Old Parliament .
With the AU patrol , we skirted past the edge of the Bakara market district , which was once the beating heart of Mogadishu 's historic trading role on the shores of the Indian Ocean .
Lonely vanguard " Can we go inside the market ? "
I asked , more out of journalistic duty than hope of a positive reply .
" It is not advisable , " replied Major Ba-Hoku Baruigye of the Ugandan army , with eloquent understatement .
Bakara market has become a key flashpoint
The Ugandan contingent in Mogadishu is the lonely vanguard of an AU force which is supposed to number 8,000 soldiers but still has less than a quarter of that total .
Major Baruigye 's advice was wise .
Bakara market - a sprawling district rather than a building - sells everything from hi-fis to AK47s and has become one of the strategic points in the war .
Two weeks before I visited , the Ethiopian foreign minister paid a call to Villa Somalia .
He was welcomed there by the government , but the anti-government forces had a message too .
They sent a volley of mortar rounds into the presidential complex .
The Ethiopian army replied by attacking its perceived opponents in Bakara market .
The death toll from the Ethiopian attack , according to usually reliable sources , was over 20 .
It would be an absolute miracle , given the high - density nature of the market area , if some of those victims had not been entirely innocent people .
The Ethiopians deny targeting civilians .
But over and again , during several recent trips I have made to Somalia , people from all walks of life employed the word " indiscriminate " when describing the Ethiopian military response to the insurgency .
When your neighbour 's house is on fire , you do n't just wait for other neighbours to help
Major Ba-Hoku Baruigye
Ugandan peacekeeper
Of course , the roadside bombs of the insurgents can be indiscriminate too ( albeit targeted at government soldiers or the Ethiopian forces ) .
On the days before and after my one - day trip to the Somali capital there were explosions which killed several soldiers and civilians .
The Ethiopians can also argue that they are supporting an internationally - recognised government that many western and African diplomats also see as the basis of Somalia 's last , best chance at some sort of stability .
And Addis Ababa says it will pull out its troops if someone else provides security .
That " someone else " is currently supposed to be the African Union peacekeeping force or , possibly , at some point in the future , the UN .
Meanwhile the Somali opposition insists that what it calls the Ethiopian " occupying forces " have to go immediately .
Raised voice " Tensions are still high and we do n't have enough troops of our own to ensure security , so ... we still need the Ethiopians for now , " said government spokesman Abdi Haji Gobdon Many Mogadishu residents have fled the capital " But what we are all waiting for is a UN force . "
Major Baruigye made a similar point from another perspective .
On patrol inside his South - African made Mamba armoured personnel carrier , the articulate Ugandan officer raised his voice - partly to counter the din of the engines , but also , I felt , out of moral anger .
" When your neighbour 's house is on fire , you do n't just wait for other neighbours to help .
You throw on a bucket of water to help put out the fire .
That is what every member of the international community that has a stake in Somalia should be doing . "
The recently - appointed United Nations envoy to Somalia , Ahmedou Ould Abdallah , has been busy making contacts with the government and the mainly Eritrean - based opposition coalition .
The proxy war being fought in Somalia 's power vacuum by sworn enemies Ethiopia and Eritrea is a further complication in any negotiations .
The Somali belligerents have not officially had direct talks yet , but this is what Mr Ould Abdallah is working towards .
If and when this meeting takes place , the Ethiopian presence will be top of the agenda .
But so , too , will be the possibility of some other force replacing them .
Danger of inaction
The international community has tried and failed to put out the fires in Somalia before .
The Americans even tried once , in the early 1990s .
US troops came to keep the peace in Mogadishu in 1992
But that ended in a US rout in 1993 when two of their helicopters were shot out of the skies .
The battle which ensued left thousands of Somalis and 18 US soldiers dead .
The conflict was immortalised - mainly from an American point of view , of course - in the Hollywood film Black Hawk Down .
These days the Americans keep their distance , but clearly still see Somalia as strategically important .
They have warships off Somalia 's coast and occasionally send in cruise missiles at what they say are al - Qaeda bases connected to the Islamists .
No -one thinks that any international peacekeeping effort in Somalia - a beefed - up AU force , or maybe even a UN one - will be easy .
Some say that given the historic mistrust between Somali clans , any such effort is doomed to failure - and that there are too many unknowns to make action effective .
But what the world does know is that when it turns its back on humanitarian and political crises there can sometimes be consequences .
Like the Rwandan genocide in 1994 .
And , some would say , like 9/11 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The pelvis was reconstructed from ancient bone fragments A new Homo erectus fossil suggests that females had large , wide pelvises in order to deliver large - brained babies .
Being born with a larger brain meant our ancestor became independent far more quickly than modern human infants .
The new finding , published in Science magazine , conflicts with earlier ideas that suggest they had a tall , thin body shape adapted for running .
Homo erectus is thought to be the first human - like creature to move out of Africa to colonise the world .
The now extinct hominid species may also have been the first to control fire .
Wide hips
The near - complete 1.4 million - year - old female pelvis was found near Gona in northern Ethiopia .
As it was pieced together , the archaeologists were struck by the unusual width of the pelvis .
Scott Simpson , a palaeontologist from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio , US , was one of those who made the discovery .
" Proportionally her hips are wider than those of modern humans , " he says .
Pelvis size indicates how large the newborn 's head could be .
Earlier hominids such as the three - million - year - old Australopithicus afarensis , made famous by the " Lucy " skeleton found in 1974 , have a much narrower pelvic opening .
In comparison , more recent hominids found in China , Israel and Spain have wider pelvises .
The researchers say the wider pelvis meant H. erectus could have given birth to babies that were 30 % bigger than previously thought .
Having a larger brain size meant the young hominid was dependent on its mother for less time than a modern human baby , a useful survival adaptation in the African savannah where they lived .
Many behaviours we consider unique to humans were present in homo erectus
Dr Scott Simpson , Case Western Reserve University Cleveland , Ohio Out of Africa
The researchers say the erectus brain probably grew quickly before birth ; but after birth , growth - rate then slowed to somewhere between that of modern humans and chimpanzees .
But Dr Simpson points out that H. erectus was much more like a human than a chimp .
" Homo erectus was the first hominid species that left Africa ; they were technologically sophisticated with stone tools ; they hunted animals .
Many behaviours we consider unique to [ modern ] humans were present in Homo erectus . "
The Goma pelvis has a more rounded shape than modern humans
The new finding casts doubt on the accuracy of previous theories about Homo erectus .
The most famous H. erectus find is the " Turkana Boy " , a young male discovered in Kenya in 1984 .
His reconstructed skeleton - with a narrow pelvis and tall , thin body - is interpreted as showing adaptation to the hot climate and the need to run long distances .
In comparison , this new find is from a shorter female with a wider chest - a feature more commonly found now in humans from colder , even Arctic climates .
The wide pelvis suggests the birth canal and brain size were co-evolving , as H. erectus adapted to the need to give birth to larger babies above the need to adapt to the pressure of external environmental factors .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a sign of just how little success Google has had at monetizing YouTube , a research firm is predicting that Hulu will surpass it in US revenue next year .
Screen Digest estimates that YouTube will make $ 100 million in US revenue this year compared to Hulu's $ 70 million .
Next year , the firm estimates , both will make about $ 180 million .
( See article in FT )
Before moving on , it 's worth noting that Screen Digest is presumably talking about gross revenue .
Hulu passes a far larger percentage of revenue through to its content providers ( 70 % - 80 % ) than YouTube does , so with $ 70 million of gross revenue , Hulu 's net revenue would be a paltry $ 14 - $ 21 million .
YouTube also shares some revenue with some content providers , but a far smaller percentage , which is why News Corp and NBC built Hulu in the first place .
Also , as we noted last week , Google will be adding search - placement ads to YouTube , in which producers can pay to have their videos appear on search results .
This should help boost YouTube 's revenue and takes advantage of YouTube 's enormous traffic ( 83 million monthly users to Hulu's 6 million ) .
But all that said :
The fact that a research firm can make this prediction when YouTube has more than 10 - times Hulu 's US traffic illustrates the challenges Google faces in making YouTube into a real business .
This is why YouTube is , intelligently , increasingly working with premium content providers .
To get MGM et al as partners , we suspect YouTube is having to give up , if not a Hulu - like share of revenue , at least close .
YouTube still has the ability to squash Hulu :
To do so , it has to match ( or come close to matching )
Hulu 's revenue sharing terms and make its display , embedding , and editing tools as good as Hulu's .
If it does this , it will erase the advantage Hulu has had over the past year , and its vastly greater size will make it a must - partner for every major video producer .
YouTube will also be able to make other revenue around the videos , so this would n't mean surrendering completely :
Its position as the leading global video aggregator and search engine is still immensely valuable .
Matching Hulu would , however , mean that YouTube would continue to be a vastly lower - margin business than Google 's main business -- which is why Google has fought like hell against going that route .
But it sounds as though it may be time to throw in the towel .
See Also :
How Google Can Fix Company And Stock
Search Ads On YouTube a $ 1 Billion Business ?
The New York Knicks have no plans to do anything with Stephon Marbury , except pay him his $ 21.9 million salary and give him a great seat to watch all their games .
Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni and team president Donnie Walsh said they will not waive , buy out or trade Marbury .
They also will not let him play in games , unless there is an injury to their top three guards , Chris Duhon , Jamal Crawford and Nate Robinson .
After Walsh met with both D'Antoni and Marbury on Monday , the Knicks announced Tuesday that they feel the issue is dead .
Marbury will be inactive until further notice .
" It is resolved , " D'Antoni told a larger - than - usual contingent of reporters after practice on Tuesday .
" It is .
Pretty soon that story is not going to be fun to read because it is going to be the same old story .
" You are going to be beating a dead horse , " he said .
Marbury , 31 , was the face of the Knicks under Isiah Thomas , but D'Antoni has been lukewarm , at best , toward Marbury since training camp .
So why keep the former All - Star , who has been a distraction in the past , on the team ?
" It is a lot of money , " D'Antoni said .
" He has a contract , rightly so .
If somebody gets hurt , we might need him .
Why not ?
Steph has been great .
He is part of the team .
We are trying to do what is best for the Knicks . "
Walsh said the case is " closed " on the Marbury controversy .
Walsh said that he leaves playing - time decisions to his coaches and does not interfere .
Still , why keep Marbury on the team if there are no plans to play him ?
" He is a good player , " Walsh said .
When members of the media were allowed into practice Tuesday , Marbury rode a stationary bike alongside the injured Eddy Curry .
Marbury did not participate in the Knicks ' drills but was involved in the team 's post - practice huddle .
Marbury , who does not have an agent , will be a free agent at the end of the season .
" I do n't know what the future holds , " said Marbury , who has averaged nearly 20 points and eight assists per game for his career .
" All I can do is sit still , be obedient and watch and learn from the situation . "
Marbury has seen a lot of turmoil since he has been a Knick .
Last season began in the wake of his sensational testimony in the Thomas sexual - harassment civil suit .
Before that , Marbury feuded with Larry Brown .
Brown returns to Madison Square Garden as the head coach of the Charlotte Bobcats on Wednesday .
" Looking back at the last two years , I kind of liked Larry Brown , " Marbury said with a laugh .
" I kind of liked Larry Brown .
I 'm like , ' Man , I wish this guy was here to drill me now . ' "
Andrew Marchand is the managing editor of 1050 ESPN Radio in New York .
Skateboarding Budgies
True to life photography of Skateboarding Budgies and other funny antics
Brief articles - downloads
Miranda Rights - the other side - a card about your " rights " - for more on Miranda rights click here
Dressing for Court - A page of thoughts on how to dress for court .
How to Beat an OWI / DUI Charge in Wisconsin - How I look at a drunk driving case defense .
Field Sobriety Tests - videos that show what they are looking for , and more .
List of Ignition Interlock Device Providers in Wisconsin
Information about the new DUI / OWI Treatment Court for Dane County Wisconsin .
( Third offense only . )
Information about court procedures in criminal Drunk Driving cases .
Information about Misdemeanor Court Procedure for Dane County Wisconsin in non-OWI / DUI cases .
Information about Felony Court in Procedure for Dane County Wisconsin in non-OWI / DUI cases .
Dane County Wisconsin Court Brochures
Retail Theft - Shoplifting - Civil Demand Letters
What to do if the police want to talk with you .
( Web page with videos . )
It 's Only a Misdemeanor !
- Collateral ( other ) consequences of a misdemeanor conviction .
Wisconsin Sex Offender Supervision Rules - Probation - Extended Supervision - Parole
Misdemeanor Crimes of Domestic Violence and Wisconsin's Domestic Abuse Enhancer - Gun Rights
Other legal issues to think about
- Identity Theft
Federal Trade Commission - Identity Theft Home page
State Bar of Wisconsin on Identity Theft
Wisconsin Attorney General on Identity Theft Note :
Our office will never ask you for credit or debit card information unless that information is directly related to the charges in your case .
Although we accept credit and debit card payment , all processing is through a third party processor - PayPal .
- Juvenile - Adult - Child ?
For some purposes a Wisconsin resident is an adult at age 17 , for other purposes , not until age 18 .
A person can be considered both an adult and a child by the same law , depending on whether they are considered a criminal or a victim .
More on the juvenile code , juvenile delinquency and the criminal code .
- Marijuana Prohibition
A white guy and a black guy who work together happened to be doing some trash talking last week about the then upcoming LSU - Georgia football game .
Black guy says it was all in good taste .
He was rooting for Georgia .
Redneck was hoping for a LSU home victory .
Drummer ( the black guy ) says he was told ( by white guy ) that if Georgia won the game , he would have a surprise waiting for him Monday morning , a local television affiliate reports .
You know the outcome .
The Tigers were trounced , in Death Valley and fans do n’t react well to such tragedy .
Then Monday morning came .
Mr. Drummer got to work and found a hangman ’s noose laying at his feet .
And of course he took offense .
Not only did LSU redneck lose a game , but he became the first East Baton Rouge Parish resident to ever be arrested under a new state law making it a crime to intimidate with a noose .
“ I noticed the noose on the ground .
I asked him about it .
They all laughed at me like it was a joke . ”
Isolated incident ?
Not for LSU fan .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hVvMfgvocE[/youtube]
Seemingly safe — and yummy — cigarette additives like cocoa can have a dangerous effect when inhaled .
( GETTY IMAGES / HEALTH )
You may find yourself missing more than nicotine when you finally snub out your last butt .
Cigarettes are designed to manipulate your taste buds too , and research shows that tobaccos flavors , both natural and added , can hold extra sway for many people struggling to quit .
" The sensory components — the taste of it , the feel of inhaled smoke — these are an important part of why people smoke , " says Joseph McClernon , PhD , an assistant research professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Duke University Medical Center .
And they are also an important part of why people quit .
" Taste can potentially help us explain who smokes and who doesnt , " says McClernon .
A little chocolate with your cigarette ?
A typical cigarette may include cocoa , honey , vanilla , and licorice .
While the taste of a particular brand has a lot to do with its tobacco blend , hundreds of additives may be included to smooth out the tobaccos rough edges and create a more delicious puff .
97 Reasons to Quit Smoking
Image zoom
Pass it on Read moreMore about quitting smoking
This may sound like nothing more than a tricky way of winning your loyalty to a particular brand — or to cigarettes in general .
But many of these additives can be dangerous when inhaled .
" The additives are found in a lot of products that are eaten and are safe , but when burned theyre different products , " explains K. Michael Cummings , PhD , chair of the department of health behavior at Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo , N.Y .
Cocoa , for example , is a nice treat for a cold winters night when mixed in its powdered form with hot milk .
But when burned in a cigarette , cocoa produces bromine gas , which both dilates and anesthetizes the lungs , maximizing their absorption of smoke and nicotine .
Next Page : " Bitter tasters " are less likely to smoke [ pagebreak ] " Bitter tasters " are less likely to smoke
Not everyone is susceptible to the sweet lure of cigarettes taste .
So - called bitter tasters are less likely to cite taste as a motivating factor for smoking — and less likely to smoke in the first place .
This category of smoker was investigated in a 2001 study published in Addictive Behaviors ; researchers at the National Institutes of Health compared subjects genetic ability to recognize bitter flavors with their likelihood of smoking and their motivations for lighting up .
The study found that at the other end of the spectrum from bitter tasters were smokers with very little bitter sensitivity ( " nontasters " ) , who were at higher risk for heavy smoking and therefore more likely to become addicted to nicotine .
Some food makes smoking taste better
If youre not genetically programmed to find smoking hard to quit , maybe its the food you eat that makes cigarettes so enticing .
A 2007 study — led by McClernon and published by Duke University Medical Center in Nicotine & Tobacco Research — found that certain foods enhance smoking , while other foods get in the way of one 's enjoyment of a cigarette .
Red meat , coffee , and alcohol seem to make cigarettes taste better , while fruits , vegetables , dairy products , and noncaffeinated beverages such as water and juice were most often cited as interfering with the taste .
This may explain the coffee - cigarette connection as well .
" The conventional wisdom has been that theres something about the combination of nicotine and caffeine that smokers like , " McClernon says , referring to theories that the two substances may complement each other chemically .
" But it may simply be that they taste better together — like Oreos and cold milk . "
Cyborgs , stem cells , glowing mice , and hilarious music videos are great reasons to be excited about biology .
Here are some of our favorite clips from the life sciences .
10 . Immune Cell Chasing a Bacterium
It may look like the predecessor to Pac Man , but this vintage clip shows a neutrophil wending its way through a crowd of red blood cells to destroy its bacterial nemesis .
9. How High Speed Gene Sequencing Works
Within the next few years , Helicos BioSciences may be able to read an entire human genome for under one thousand dollars .
This video explains the science behind their amazing technology .
8. Shrimp Jogging on a Treadmill
While comparing the stamina of sick shrimp to their healthy brethren , David Scholnick filmed this video of a cute little crustacean running on a treadmill .
He had no idea that it would be come an internet sensation .
7. El Corazón
An unusual music video about the heart , in Spanish , with English subtitles .
6 . The PCR Song
Biochemists often use the polymerase chain reaction to copy DNA molecules .
This hilarious music video , tells the history of that technology and makes some jokes about its many uses , including paternity testing .
5. Glowing Mice Shed Some Light on Stem Cells
This year , the Nobel Prize in Chemistry went to three scientists who studied a fluorescent protein from jellyfish .
It has become a tremendously important tool for scientific research , because biologists can use it to understand what is going on inside of cells .
An experiment with glowing mice led to a major discovery about stem cells .
4. DNA Origami
Using a mix of chemistry , biology , and computer tricks , Paul Rothemund can design DNA molecules that fold up into complicated two - dimensional shapes .
In this TED talk , he explains some of the logic behind his work , and how living things operate .
3. Cyborg Monkey Controls Robot Arm
By implanting an array of electrodes directly into the motor area of a monkey ’s brain , researchers can read some of its thoughts .
Their interface is so good that the animal can take control of a robot arm and use it to feed itself .
Someday , these brain - computer interfaces could be used to help paralyzed people live normal lives .
2. Evolution and Human Ancestry
Genetic tests are becoming an important part of medicine , but can also tell us about our ancestry .
This charming cartoon , made by 23andMe , offers a fantastic overview of how humans evolved .
1. Building Body Parts from Scratch
Last week , regenerative medicine researchers announced that they have grown a new windpipe for a woman who was crippled by tuberculosis .
Years ago , other scientists were able to make bladders , from scratch , and implant them in children with malformed urinary tracts .
This video shows some amazing footage from two tissue engineering labs .
See Also :
They 're releasing it next year , with three other legendary cars , all sold separately .
Now they have to release a take on this :
They'd have to change the name , of course , maybe combine the names of an American SUV and a Swedish sedan ( kind of ) ... and we 're in business .
by Ari Rutenberg
Normally I try to keep in mind that many people on the other side have deeply held beliefs that , reasonable or not , should be addressed as if they are legitimate in order to facilitate a productive dialogue .
Today that 's not going to happen .
The GOP and McCain 's campaign are imploding , and I 'm loving every minute of it .
The divisive , hate - filled rhetoric and rampant intellectual dishonesty have finally produced a situation which no amount of lying , smears , or distractions can change .
The Republican party , and their economic ideology , are utterly bankrupt and they are tearing themselves up trying to avoid blame .
Those conservatives who have any intellectual honesty left have begun to desert the Straight Talk Express in droves .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Former McCain adviser Mark McKinnon predicted this , which is why he
quit before the smear - a- thon began .
The insulting and disastrous pick
of Sarah Palin for VP has only solidified the impression that McCain is
erratic and shows and inability to think deeply under pressure .
He
always wants to fight , but never to talk .
It feels really good to see these greedy assholes at eachother 's
throats .
We have suffered through 30 years of their self - serving
politics and this is the payback .
They have been trapped in a
collapsing hosue of lies , and like the truly selfish people they are ,
instead of helping each other escape or trying to fix the house , they
are trying to divide the blame because they do not know how to
cooperate like adults and control their ids for even one millisecond .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
The reason Democrats deserve to win is not because they are perfect ,
or totally honest , or because their policy solution are particularly
innovative .
It is because they have appealed to our adults selves , not
our worst instincts .
The increasingly insular , white minority who
believe that only they are true American 's are about to get
marginalized for the last time .
Their ignorant rhetoric and foolish
dogmatism have lead our country down a dangerous path , and the
demographics are changing such that it will likely be impossible for
blatantly racist assholes to get such a total grip on power in the
future .
Though I hate to see our country suffer economically , it is
the inevitable results of such arrogant and unrealistic policy making .
And I 'm glad to see that the people who so callously brought this tragedy upon the American people are getting their cumuppance .
Part One
In two short months , Apple 's Macintosh will turn 25 years old .
My , how tempus doth fugit .
To mark the awesome inevitability of January 24 , 2009 following January 24 , 1984 after exactly one quarter - century , tech pundits will bloviate , Apple - bashers will execrate , and Jobsian fanboyz will venerate the munificence that flows unabated from The Great Steve .
The din will be deafening .
To avoid the crowds , we at The Reg decided to go first .
Follow along as we run the rule over Apple Inc. ( née Apple Computer , Inc. ) .
We 'll examine how the company has transformed itself in recent years , how its products stack up against the rest , and what lurks beneath its outward display of iconic style , forward - looking rectitude , and edgy innovation .
We 'll also give Apple its report card , slicing and dicing the 25 - five - year operation into bite - sized letter grades .
Just so you can easily tell your friends .
Our goal is a noble one :
To arm you , dear reader , against the slings and arrows of outrageous commentary that will assault you from all corners come January .
Do n't say we did n't warn you .
The Rise and Fall and Rise of Steve
Apple 's last quarter century is best divided into a trio of Jobsian epochs : Steve I , No Steve , and Steve II .
We 're most concerned with the ongoing Steve II era and its ever - expanding worldwide cult , but first , a look back at the company 's earlier incarnations .
Steve I - or Steves I , if you consider co-founder Steve Wozniak - saw the breakthrough of the Apple II ( thanks , VisiCalc ! ) , the embarrassment of the Apple III , the overreach of the Lisa , and the beginning of the Mac era .
And towards the end there was Steve Jobs famously ( and possibly apocryphally ) asking PepsiCo's John Scully " Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world ? "
Scully said he'd forgo the sweetness , joined Apple as President and CEO , soon forced Jobs out , then nearly ran Apple into the ground by subdividing its offerings into multiple competing product lines and confusing wishful thinking with vision .
Jobs and Woz
Although the No Steve era began on Scully 's watch , it dragged on through the reigns of Michael Spindler ( 1993 - 1996 ) and Gil Amelio ( 1996 -1997 ) .
It was characterized by bumbling attempts to revive Scully 's failing Newton MessagePad , further muddying the product - line waters with Macintosh Performas , Centrises , Quadras , and more .
Then there was the operating - system licensing program that allowed clone - making competitors such as Power Computing to skim the cream off the top of the high - end / high - margin market by repeatedly offering faster machines at lower prices than the mothership was capable of .
During this period , Apple went from being respected for its innovation to derided for its rudderlessness .
Financial losses mounted , market share tanked , and developers moved from Apple to Windows 3.0 in 1990 and to Windows 95 in , well , 1995 .
The Apple Death Watch , always a popular parlor game , kicked up a notch or three .
Theremin Jam
Posted by Pete Berg on Monday , November 10th , 2008 at 6:08 pm
An awesome cover of “ Crazy ” by Gnarls Barkley , done on a theremin .
( A theremin is a weird space - age instrument that you play by moving your hands in the air near a radio antenna …it ’s usually used to make those “ spooky ” sound effects that you hear in old Sci Fi movies . )
" Every time you purchase a software license for a product encumbered with shoddy patents and ridiculous , restrictive EULAs you are giving your support to shoddy patents and bogus EULAs .
Every time you purchase a software license for a closed , proprietary , non-interoperable , non-standards compliant product you are saying that vendor lock - in is OK , and your data do not belong to you .
" Contrast that with Free Software .
By its nature Free Software is ethical : it is completely open , nothing is hidden , there are no sneaky backdoors , spyware , rootkits , or any of the other vile crimes - that - are - not - punished perpetrated by commercial software vendors .
Nobody goes to jail for exposing flaws or talking about how the technology works .
There are no EULAs or NDAs .
There is little closed - door plotting ; most discussions are out in the open for anyone to see , or even participate in .
That is why people like me get so impatient with the demands to make Linux more friendly to closed - source proprietary software -- it is fundamentally opposed to what Free Software is all about .
It 's like saying that a little toxic waste in the water is OK , a little more air pollution is n't a problem because it 's 90 % pure , and only zealots and purists want 100 % . "
View Transcript
Transcript
Carol says , " Where are you going with that fish ? "
Wally says , " I 'm going to microwave it . "
Carol says , " That will stink up the office and make it impossible for anyone else to enjoy life . "
Carol says , " Is n't there something else you could eat ? "
Wally says , " I 'm not going to eat it .
I just like to microwave things that smell bad . "
Wally says , " After I stopped caring about my job performance , it was a slippery slope to complete sociopathy . "
Wally says , " It 's a liberating feeling .
I can't remember the last time I felt bad . "
Carol says , " Do you have an extra fish ? "
Information
Filename : 1225890455052.jpg
Size : 611x404
Uploaded : 2008 -11-05
Popular tags on the site
fxc rippenspreizer ranma chubby ka_series_l falco soepkip stephy krystal hr_giger family bier comic shevington rwpeuro2006 cat ebooks cheerleader death_note giger paintball ryushin_09 cia emma avril manga himos sprites magic ryushin_15 rx7 smashing bonton 1999 renee yuko donnamodelo.com wallpaper megaten ryushin_14 dubai jessica forza mariage glastonbury 1nsane motivational dilbert spain
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Hatch : U.S. would ' lose stature '
Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) said Monday that the United States will “ lose a lot of stature throughout the world ” if Barack Obama is elected president .
Looking forward to a potential Obama administration in an interview with CNN , Hatch said , “ If you think you 've got big spending now , wait till you see what happens then .
Wait till you see when you do n't have a Supreme Court that 's going to stand up and do what 's right .
Wait till you see what 's going to happen when they spend $ 1 trillion more . ”
Advertisement
“ We 're going to lose a lot of stature throughout the world because we have somebody who , though eloquent and a very nice person , who I like , who does n't know what he 's talking about , ” he added .
The Utah Republican slammed Obama ’s planned middle class tax cut , saying it would “ cost a fortune ” and suggested that the Democrat wishes to recreate “ the old welfare state . ”
Looking ahead to Tuesday , Hatch predicted McCain will catch Obama with a strong break by independents toward the Arizona senator .
“ I think McCain is going to be the Truman against Dewey in this particular race , ” Hatch said .
“ John is coming up very fast .
You 'll notice in most of these polls Barack Obama is less than 50 percent . ”
“ A lot of people are starting to realize that , look , are we going to turn over the greatest country in the world , with all the myriad problems we have , especially in foreign policy and national security , to somebody who has really virtually no experience whatsoever in those areas just because that person gives a good speech . ”
" This is n’t just the small matter of being one of the best games of the year , it ’s also the emergence of a stellar new talent in gaming ... a game that constantly reinvents itself , reimagining the possibilities , evolving and throwing out surprise after surprise . "
full review at Rock Paper Shotgun
" easily the best WiiWare game to date and , perhaps , one of the best this generation "
full review at NintendoWorldReport
" A game so utterly charming , so pregnant with charisma , and so simple in concept , that it belongs in another era . "
full review at Eurogamer
" brilliant , stunning , and ridiculously fun ...
World of Goo is so good that it oftentimes feels like a title developed internally at Nintendo "
full review at IGN
" The comedy is implemented in bucket - loads , parodying the power of cynical marketing and the corrupt exploits of major corporations ... and at this point I struggle to find a way to put into words how a puzzle game can explore so many themes .
It 's just incredible . "
full review at The Dead Pixel Post
" I honestly do n’t know where to begin on this one .
This game is so startlingly brilliant on so many levels that it ’s difficult to say ‘ oh yeah that ’s the stand out thing ’ and then begin with that . "
full review at Poisoned Sponge
" I myself gasped at a few points at the sheer brilliance of what I saw in front of my eyes .
Words cannot describe how good this game is . "
full review by Chris Evans
" Not only is World of Goo easily the best WiiWare release to date , it 's also proof that you do n't need a large development team or millions of dollars to create an outstanding video game .
In an era of video gaming where style is often emphasized over substance , it 's refreshing to see a title like World of Goo that somehow manages to feature an abundance of both . "
full review at WiiWare World
Steve Souders is currently doing more to improve the performance of web pages and web browsers than anyone else out there .
When he worked at Yahoo !
he was responsible for YSlow ( a great tool for measuring ways to improve the performance of your site ) and he wrote the book on improving page performance : High Performance Web Sites .
Now he works for Google but much of what he ’s up to is the same : Making web pages load faster .
I ’ve been really excited about one of his recent project releases : UA Profiler .
The profiler is a tool that you can run in your browser to determine the status of a number of network - performance - specific features that tie heavily to browser page load performance .
Here ’s a look at the current breakdown :
We can see Firefox 3.1 taking a lead , fixing 9 out of 11 of the issues tested for .
Firefox 3 , Chrome , and Safari 4 all come after with 8 fixed .
Firefox 2 , Safari 3.1 , and IE 8 next at 7 .
Those numbers help to give you an overall feel of the page load performance that you ’ll see in a browser .
( Naturally these tests do n’t take any rendering or JavaScript performance numbers into account but network performance generally trumps their total runtime anyway . )
Information about network performance is important for two reasons :
It informs browser vendors as to the quality of their browser .
A browser fixing any of the points specified by the test will yield faster page loads .
It informs web site developers as to the problems they should be taking into consideration when developing a site .
For example if a browser they support does n’t handle simultaneous stylesheet downloading perhaps their page should be re-worked .
The tests themselves can be broken down into a couple categories ( Steve explains them all , in detail in the FAQ ) :
Network Connections
Two big things are tested here :
The number of simultaneous connections that can be opened to a hostname ( sub - domains count as different hostnames ) and how many connections can be opened to any number of hostnames , simultaneously .
These numbers can give you a good indicator of how many parallel downloads can occur ( most commonly seen for downloading multiple images , simultaneously ) .
Additionally there is a check to see if the browser supports Gzip compression .
The results are n’t too exciting here as all modern browsers support Gzip compression at this point .
Parallel Downloads
All browsers are capable of downloading images in parallel ( multiple images downloading simultaneously ) but what about other resources ( like scripts or stylesheets ) ?
Unfortunately it ’s much harder to get scripts and stylesheets to load in parallel since their contents may dramatically change the rest of the page .
The loading of these resources occur in three steps :
Downloading ( can be parallelized ) Parsing Execution
The load order breaks down like so ( sort of an advanced game of rock - paper - scissors ) : Scripts prevent other scripts from parsing and executing , stylesheets prevent scripts from parsing and executing .
It ’s been hard for browsers to implement the parallelization of script downloading since scripts are capable of changing the contents of the page – and possibly removing adding new scripts or stylesheets to the page .
Because of this browsers are starting to get better at opportunistically looking ahead in the document and pre-loading stylesheets and scripts – even if their actual use may be delayed .
Changes in this area will yield some of the largest benefits to browser page load performance , going forward , as it ’s still one of the most untapped areas of improvement .
Caching
While all modern browsers support caching of resources , caching of page redirects is much less common .
For example , consider the case where a user types in “ http://google.com/” – Google redirects the user to “ http://www.google.com/” but only a couple browsers cache that redirect as to not retry it later .
A similar case of redirect caching occurs for resources , for example with stylesheets , images , or scripts .
Since these occur much more frequently it becomes that much more important for browsers to cache every action that they can .
Prefetching
This is part of the HTML 5 specification and allows for pages to specify resources which should be opportunistically downloaded in case they should be used in the future ( the common example of image rollovers could be used here ) .
There ’s a full page describing how to use them on the Mozilla developer wiki but it is n’t that hard to get started .
It ’s as simple as including a new link element in the top of your site :
< link rel= " prefetch " href= " /images/big.jpeg " >
And that resource will be downloaded preemptively .
Inline Images
The final case that the profiler tests for is the ability of a browser to support inline images using a data : URI .
Data URIs give developers the ability to include the image data directly within the page itself .
While this saves an extra HTTP request it ’s important to note that the resource will not be cached ( at least not as external resource – it may be cached as part of the complete page ) .
The use of this technique will vary on a case - by - case basis but having a browser support it is absolutely important .
Going forward it will become increasingly important to have publicly - visible tests like the UA Profiler that are able to encourage browser vendors to act quicker at implementing critical browser functionality .
Anything that ’s able to , even indirectly , improve the performance of the browsing experience for users of the web is absolutely critical , in my book .
A federal judge has banned Kevin Trudeau from infomercials in which he has an interest for three years and ordered him to pay more than $ 5 million in profits from his book , " The Weight Loss Cure ' They ' Do n't Want You to Know About . "
The ruling confirms an earlier contempt finding against Trudeau – the second time he has been found in contempt of court in the past four years .
In August , Judge Robert W. Gettleman of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois stood by his conclusion in 2007 that Trudeau " clearly , and no doubt intentionally , " violated a provision of a 2004 stipulated court order that prohibits Trudeau from misrepresenting the content of books in his infomercials .
The judge stated that " the Infomercial [s ] falsely and intentionally led thousands ( probably hundreds of thousands ) of consumers to believe that the Weight Loss Book would describe an ' easy , ' ' simple ' protocol that , once ' finished ' would allow the consumer to ' eat anything ' he or she wants . "
Stating that Trudeau was " not a credible witness , " the judge noted several " undeniably false " statements in his infomercials , finding that , contrary to Trudeau 's claims :
the diet protocol could not be done " easily " and " at home , " because the protocol described in Trudeau 's book requires colonics , which must be done at the office of a licensed practitioner , as well as injection of human growth hormone ;
dieters could not " complete " or " finish " Trudeau 's four - phase program , because Trudeau 's book states that " Phase 4 is for the rest of your life " ;
dieters could not eat " anything " they want , because Trudeau 's book prescribes that dieters following Phase 4 must eat " only 100 % organic food , " and no " brand name " food , " fast food , " or " food served by regional or national chain restaurants " ; and
the diet protocol did not require " no exercise , " because Trudeau 's book states that three of the diet 's four phases , including Phase 4 , require walking one hour outside every day .
Given Trudeau 's " history of deception and contemptuous violation of court orders " and his " willful efforts to deceive consumers " into believing that his weight - loss book contained material that it did not , the court confirmed its ruling that found Trudeau in contempt of the 2004 order .
The FTC filed its first lawsuit against Trudeau in 1998 , charging him with making false and misleading claims in infomercials for products he claimed could cause significant weight loss and cure addictions to heroin , alcohol , and cigarettes , and enable users to achieve a photographic memory .
A stipulated court order resolving that case barred Trudeau from making false claims for products in the future , ordered him to pay $ 500,000 in consumer redress , and established a $ 500,000 performance bond to ensure compliance .
In 2003 , the Commission charged Trudeau with violating the 1998 order by falsely claiming in infomercials that a product , Coral Calcium Supreme , could cure cancer .
The court subsequently entered a preliminary injunction that ordered him not to make such claims .
When Trudeau continued to make cancer - cure claims about Coral Calcium , he was found in contempt of the injunction .
In 2004 , Trudeau agreed to an order that resolved the Coral Calcium matter .
The order directed him to pay $ 2 million in consumer redress and banned him from infomercials , except for infomercials for informational publications such as books , provided that he " must not misrepresent the content " of the books .
The most recent contempt action stems from Trudeau 's misrepresentations of the contents of his weight - loss book in infomercials .
In November 2007 , Judge Gettleman found Trudeau in contempt , stating that he had misled thousands of consumers with false claims that were " in flagrant violation " of the court 's order .
In his August ruling , the court banned Trudeau " or any person acting in concert with him , from participating in the production or publication of any infomercial for any product , including books , in which Mr. Trudeau or any related entity has an interest , for a period of three years from the date of this order . "
The court also imposed a judgment against Trudeau of more than $ 5 million dollars .
The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent , deceptive , and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot , stop , and avoid them .
To file a complaint in English or Spanish , visit the FTC 's online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC -HELP ( 1-877-382-4357 ) .
The FTC enters complaints into Consumer Sentinel , a secure , online database available to more than 1,500 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad .
The FTC's Web site provides free information on a variety of consumer topics .
( Trudeau )
Soeren Prell and a team of Iowa State University researchers are part of an international research team testing a theory that led to a share of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics for Japanese researchers Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa .
Prell , an Iowa State University associate professor of physics and astronomy , is part of the BaBar experiment at the U.S. Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in Menlo Park , Calif .
Prell returned to Iowa State this summer after a year in California as BaBar 's physics analysis coordinator .
The experiment is the work of nearly 500 collaborating physicists from 74 institutions and 10 countries .
Other Iowa State researchers who have been part of the BaBar research team are James Cochran , an associate professor of physics and astronomy ; H. Bert Crawley , a professor of physics and astronomy ; W. Thomas Meyer , an adjunct research professor ; and Eli Rosenberg , a professor of physics and astronomy who 's currently on assignment with the U.S. Department of Energy .
" The central focus of the BaBar experiment is to study the differences between matter and antimatter , " Prell said .
" One of the big questions of the universe is , " Why is it made out of matter ? "
At the time of the big bang , physicists say the explosion of energy should have created equal amounts of matter and antimatter .
And they say whenever particles of matter and antimatter would have met they would have annihilated each other .
But the universe was n't annihilated and it 's full of matter .
So how did matter come out so far ahead ?
advertisement
Physicists believe a small imbalance of matter over antimatter -- something like an extra particle of matter for every 10 billion antimatter particles -- led to our world .
They call that imbalance an asymmetry .
In 1964 physicists discovered an asymmetry between matter and antimatter -- it's also known as a charge - parity violation -- in subatomic particles called kaons .
Nobel - winners Kobayashi and Maskawa in 1972 developed a theory that attempted to explain those symmetry violations .
Their idea called for the addition of three quarks to the Standard Model of particle physics , a theory that explains how subatomic particles interact via forces .
Other researchers theorized that studies of B mesons ( very short - lived subatomic particles ) would help explain these broken symmetries .
The BaBar experiment in California , which completed operations earlier this year , has been called a " B factory " because the electron - positron collisions it produces are capable of creating more than a million B mesons every day .
Since 1999 researchers have been studying the decay of those subatomic particles to confirm the Kobayashi - Maskawa theory .
They did and the presenters of the Nobel Prize took notice : " As late as 2001 , the two particle detectors BaBar at Stanford , USA , and Belle at Tsukuba , Japan , both detected broken symmetries independently of each other , " says the press release announcing the Nobel Prize in Physics .
" The results were exactly as Kobayashi and Maskawa had predicted almost three decades earlier . "
" We found a particle / anti- particle asymmetry , " Prell said .
" We found that B mesons and anti-B mesons behave differently . "
But , Prell said the Kobayashi - Maskawa theory does n't fully explain the existence of the universe .
So , once data analysis of the BaBar experiment is concluded and another 100 or so scientific papers written ( that 's in addition to the 375 already written ) , Prell and other physicists will be moving to the higher - energy experiments made possible by the Large Hadron Collider at CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research near Geneva , Switzerland .
And what do these theories and tests of the subatomic world do for all of us ?
" We 're not solving the financial crisis or the energy crisis , " Prell said .
" But this will help us all to understand a little bit better where we come from .
There are big questions behind this such as , ' Why is there a universe made of matter ? ' "
The issue has also proved awkward for the Dutch government , which gave Allseas ' Netherlands subsidiary a $ 1 million tax break for its part in designing the ship .
The authorities now acknowledge that they did not notice the name of the ship until a Dutch journalist raised the issue .
On Wednesday , Nov. 5 , 1980 , my 10th - grade American history teacher started class by unfurling The New York Times .
She pointed to its triple banner headline : “ Reagan Easily Beats Carter ; Republicans Gain in Congress ; D’Amato and Dodd are Victors . ”
“ Save this paper , ” she told us .
“ This is the start of a whole new era . ”
And it was .
An era of unbridled deregulation , wealth - enhancing perks for the already well - off , and miserly indifference to the poor and middle class ; of the recasting of greed as goodness , the equation of bellicose provincialism with patriotism , the reframing of bigotry as small - town decency .
In short , it was the start of our current era .
The Reagan Revolution was the formative political experience of my generation ’s lifetime , like the Great Depression , the Second World War or Vietnam for those before us .
And in its intellectual and moral paucity , in its eventual hegemony , these years shut down , for some of us , the ability to fully imagine another way .
I will admit that back in January , when Barack Obama , in his post - Iowa victory speech , spoke about the “ cynics , ” the “ they ” who said “ this country was too divided , too disillusioned to ever come together around a common purpose , ” he was talking about me .
I will admit that the call of “ change ” did not speak to me as an achievable goal .
Until it actually came .
On Wednesday , there was a run on newspapers , as voters rushed to grab a tangible piece of the history they ’d made .
My husband Max and I , unable to find extra copies , brought our own worn papers home to 8 - and 11 - year - old Emilie and Julia .
Sept. 11 , the seismic event that we ’d feared would forever form their political consciousness , shaping their world and constricting the boundaries of the possible , had actually been eclipsed , light blotting out darkness , the best of America at long last driving away the demons of fear .
We wanted them to see that it was the end of an era .
“ Look , ” we said , pointing to the headline “ Racial Barrier Falls . ”
“ This is huge . ”
We labored to make them understand that their world — art that day , and orchestra , and Baked Potato Bar at lunch — had irrevocably changed .
But how can you understand change when you ’ve only known one way of being ?
They were happy because we were happy .
They rose to the occasion in that bemused way children do when adults tell them what they should feel .
They were glad to be rid of George W. Bush and to be saved – for now – from the specter of Sarah Palin .
( “ It is not O.K. to say she ’s an ‘ idiot , ’ ” I had snapped when they came home from school stoked by the mob .
“ Prove your case .
Show , do n’t tell . ” )
They ’d had , like many D.C. children , more than their share of politics .
After first following the country into battle against the all - purpose boogeyman Saddam Hussein , they ’d become antiwar .
They had opinions on tax policy and spoke angrily about the “ wealth gap . ”
In the past election year , they ’d been fired up about the woman thing , in all its pretty girl versus smart girl iterations ; in fact , they and their friends had remained hard - core Hillaryites long after their moms had moved on .
But the race thing ?
The groundbreaking immensity of the election of our country ’s first African - American president ?
“ You ’re being racist , ” Emilie had said when I made a comment about how particularly earth - moving this election was for black voters .
“ Why should it matter if people are black or white ? ”
Theirs has often looked to me like a world drained of meaning .
Girl power put to the service of selling Hannah Montana .
Feel - good inclusiveness that occulted the very real conflicts , crimes and hatreds of history .
It is n’t easy to let go of the past to embrace something new , to risk heartbreak on the chance of the world ’s actually having changed .
Or at least , it has n’t been easy for me .
But it comes naturally to some .
Like the hundreds of George Washington University students who gathered in front of the White House on Tuesday night , cheering and screaming and shouting their goodbyes to the political era of their youth .
“ Bliss it was to be alive , but to be young was very heaven , ” Max emailed me , paraphrasing William Wordsworth on the French Revolution , at 11:30 p.m. on election night , after leaving his desk to walk among the revelers downtown .
I , home with the kids , was in bed , sleeping the drugged sleep of an alcohol - abstaining migraineuse after drinking half a glass of celebratory champagne .
Colin Powell did not dance for joy over Obama ’s victory ; he wept .
“ Look what we did .
Look what we did , ” he said , puffy - faced , red-eyed , fighting back more tears on CNN .
“ He ’s won .
It ’s over . ”
David Dinkins was similarly solemn .
“ Things do change .
There is a God .
They do get better , ” said the mayor who presided over New York City at a time of toxic racial tensions .
Obama , too , resisted giddy gladness on Tuesday night .
But he did proclaim an end to the world as we ’ve known it for far too long .
“ To those who would tear the world down : we will defeat you , ” he promised .
“ This is our moment .
This is our time . ”
The glory of Barack Obama is that there are so many different kinds of us who can claim a piece of that “ our . ”
African - Americans , Democrats , post - boomers , progressives , people who rose from essentially nowhere and through hard work and determination succeeded beyond their parents ’ wildest dreams are the most obvious .
But there are also people who respect intelligence and good grammar .
People who see their spouse as their “ best friend , ” as Barack called Michelle on Tuesday night .
People whose children have the same knowing look as Sasha and Malia , who are probably more excited about their puppy than about their father ’s presidency .
Two images will forever stay in my mind to mark this epoch - breaking Election Day .
One is that of Jesse Jackson ’s face , drenched in tears , in Chicago ’s Grant Park on Tuesday evening .
And the other is a photo that ran in The Times on Wednesday .
In it , a black mother and daughter sit on the floor of a church in Harlem .
The mother , Latrice Barnes , having heard of Obama ’s victory , is doubled up in tears ; her daughter , Jasmine , is reaching a tentative hand up to soothe her .
To me , she looks like the future , reaching out to heal the past .
It is , I suppose , in part a matter of temperament , whether one shouts or weeps at happy transformative moments .
But I also think it ’s a matter of what has come before .
The young people joyfully frolicking in front of the Bush White House never knew the universe whose passing was marked by Obama ’s victory and Jackson ’s tears .
This moment of triumph marks the end of such a long period of pain , of indignity and injustice for African - Americans .
And for so many others of us , of the trampling and debasing of our most basic ideals , beliefs that we cherished every bit as deeply and passionately as those of the “ values voters ” around whose sensibilities we ’ve had to tiptoe for the past 28 years .
The election brought the return of a country we ’d lost for so long that it was almost forgotten under the accumulated scar tissue of accommodation and acceptance .
For me , this will be the enduring memory of election night 2008 : One generation released its grief .
The next looked up confusedly , eager to please and yet unable to comprehend just what the tears were about .
Debugging Django in Production Environments ¶
Nick had a nice post about setting DEBUG based on the hostname of the server that you ’re site is running on .
This allows you to set DEBUG to True for your staging site , and False for your production site .
I do something along those lines , but a little bit differently .
I ca n’t take credit for this idea , because it came from this snippet .
It is a really neat trick , that I have expanded on a little bit .
from django.views.debug import technical_500 _response import sys from django.conf import settings class UserBasedExceptionMiddleware ( object ) : def process_exception ( self , request , exception ) : if request .
user .
is_superuser or request .
META . get ( ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ) in settings .
INTERNAL_IPS : return technical_500 _response ( request , * sys . exc_info ( ) )
Now simply save this in a file somewhere .
Add it to your MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES , and you are good to go .
For example , mine looks like :
' tools.middleware.superuser.UserBasedExceptionMiddleware ' ,
This is a pretty simple middleware that is crazy useful .
When you throw this inside of your site , it will give you a normal Django error page if you ’re a superuser , or if your IP is in INTERNAL_IPS .
This makes it really nice , because you can get an error message on your production servers , where your normal users get your normal pretty 500 pages .
This makes debugging things that are showing up in production , but wo n’t be reproduced on the staging server possible .
Caching behavior is a big one that I know is n’t tested when you are using DEBUG = True .
This lets you keep DEBUG =
False on , but gives you some nice error pages .
Hope this tip is useful .
When talking about in - memory search tree , we usually think of various binary search trees : red - black tree , AVL tree , treap , splay tree and so on .
We do not often think of B - tree , as B - tree is commonly introduced as an on - disk data structure rather than in - memory one .
Is B - tree also a good data structure for in - memory ordered dictionary ?
I used to search for the performance comparison between B - tree and binary search trees , but ended up with nothing useful .
It seems that only I am interested in such comparison and so I have to do it by myself .
I found John - Mark Gurney ’s B - tree via google search .
It is well coded and full of clever ideas .
The original version has small memory footprint , but it is not as fast as STL ’s red - black tree .
I studied this source codes and think I should be able to further optimize it .
In the end , I got my kbtree.h macro library .
As you can see in my hash table benchmark , the modified version beats STL set while using even smaller memory than the original version .
I think I am now at the position to say : at least for some applications , B - tree is a better ordered data structure than most of binary search trees .
The most attractive feature of B - tree is its small memory usage .
A binary tree needs at least two pointers for each record , which amounts to 16N on a modern 64 - bit systems .
A B - tree only needs one pointer .
Although in a B - tree each node may not be full , a sufficiently large B - tree should be at least 50 % full by definition and in average around 75 % full .
On a 64 - bit system , the extra memory is only 8N/0.75 +KN ( 1/0.75-1 ) =( 10+0.3K ) N , where K is the size of a key .
In fact we can do even better as we do not need to allocate the null pointers in leaves .
The practical memory overhead can be reduced to below ( 5+0.3K ) N ( in fact , as the majority of nodes in a B - tree are leaves , the factor 5 should be smaller in practice ) , far better than a binary search tree .
On speed , no binary search tree with just two additional pointers ( splay tree and hash treap ) can achieve the best performance .
We usually need additional information at each node ( AVL tree and standard red - black tree ) or a random number ( treap ) to get good performance .
B - tree is different .
It is even faster than the standard red - black tree while still using ( 5+0.3K ) N extra memory !
People should definitely pay more attention to B - tree .
Update :
The modified B - tree is available here ( HTML ) as a single C header file .
Example is here .
Currently , the APIs are not very friendly but are ready to use .
In case you want to give a try .
Note that you must make sure the key is absent in the tree before kb_put ( ) and make sure the key is present in the tree before calling kb_del ( ) .
Someone has corrected me .
STL is a specification , not an implementation .
By STL in my blog , I always mean SGI STL , the default STL that comes with GCC .
Over the weekend I have done a more complete benchmark of various libraries on search trees and hash tables .
Please read this post if you are interested .
I realize that a lot of red - black tree implementations do not need a parent pointer , although SGI STL ’s one uses .
My comment below is somewhat wrong .
Update 2 : kbtree.h has long been moved here , along with khash.h and my other 1 - or 2 - file libraries .
The Wittgensteins , ensconced in their grand Winter Palace in fin-de - siècle Vienna , were hardly a model family .
The father , Karl , was a brutal autocrat as well as a high - class crook .
He was an engineer by vocation , and his son Ludwig would later do some original work in aeronautics at Manchester University .
A fabulously wealthy steel magnate , Karl rigged prices , bleeding his workers dry and doing much the same to his timorous wife Leopoldine .
She once lay awake all night , agonised by an ugly wound in her foot but terrified of moving an inch in case she disturbed her irascible husband .
She was an emotionally frigid mother and a neurotically dutiful wife , from whom all traces of individual personality had been violently erased .
The family was a seething cauldron of psychosomatic disorders .
Leopoldine was afflicted by terrible leg pains and eventually went blind .
Her children had their problems too .
Helene was plagued by stomach cramps ; Gretl was beset by heart palpitations and sought advice from Sigmund Freud about her sexual frigidity ; Hermine and Jerome both had dodgy fingers ;
Paul suffered from bouts of madness ; and little Ludwig was scarcely the most well balanced of souls .
Almost all the males of the family were seized from time to time by bouts of uncontrollable fury that bordered on insanity .
Behind Karl the prosperous bourgeois lay a madder , more reckless man .
He ran away from home at 17 , boarded a ship bound for New York and joined a minstrel band .
Before making his pile in Vienna he was a restaurant violinist , a night watchman , a steersman on a canal boat , and taught the tenor horn in an orphanage .
Despite being one of the premier families of the Austro - Hungarian empire , most of the Wittgensteins were spiritual outlaws and adventurers .
They combined the aristocrat 's cavalier disdain for convention with the underdog 's suspicion of authority .
The sons of the household had a distressing habit of doing away with them selves .
Handsome , intelligent , homosexual Rudolf strolled into a Berlin bar , dissolved potassium cyanide into his glass of milk and died in agony on the spot .
Two years earlier , Hans Karl had disappeared without trace and is thought to have killed himself at sea .
He was a shy , ungainly , possibly autistic child with a prodigious gift for maths and music , whose first spoken word was " Oedipus " .
He , too , was thought to be gay .
Kurt seems to have shot himself " without visible reason " while serving as a soldier in the first world war .
The philosopher Ludwig claims to have begun thinking about suicide when he was 10 or 11 .
Paul , a classmate of Adolf Hitler , became an outstanding concert pianist .
Unusually for male members of the family , he was robustly heterosexual .
The Wittgenstein ménage was more like a conservatoire than a family home : Brahms , Mahler and Richard Strauss dropped in regularly , while Ravel wrote his " Concerto for the Left Hand " specially for Paul , who had lost an arm in the first world war .
Paul thought his brother Ludwig 's philosophy was " trash " , while Ludwig took a dim view of Paul 's musical abilities .
The Winter Palace resounded with constant yelling and vicious squabbling .
Entrusted with the family fortune after his father 's death , Paul invested it unwisely in government war bonds and lost most of it .
Ludwig still inherited a sizeable amount of money , but in Tolstoyan spirit gave it all away to three of his siblings .
His rooms in Trinity College , Cambridge , were almost bare of furniture .
He is said to have remarked that he did n't mind at all what he ate , as long as it was always the same thing .
It was a far cry from the overbred Vienna of his youth .
Ludwig 's monkish austerity , evident in the style of his first great work , the Tractatus Logico - Philosophicus , was among other things a reaction against a Viennese world of cream cakes and swollen bodies , in which many of the poor slept in caves or parks .
Unconsciously re-enacting his father 's impulse to escape , Ludwig fled from Cambridge to become an assistant gardener in an Austrian monastery , sleeping in a potting shed .
He also lived for a while in a remote cottage in the west of Ireland , shacked up on the edge of a Norwegian fjord , and taught as a schoolmaster in several Austrian villages .
Perhaps all this was a spiritual version of his brothers ' suicides , on the part of a man seized by spiritual torment and self - loathing .
If he inherited his father 's instinct to scarper , however , he was also lumbered with his crazed bouts of fury .
In one village school , he hit a girl so hard that she bled behind the ears , and then belaboured a boy about the head until he slumped unconscious to the floor .
While Ludwig was dragging the boy 's body off to the headmaster , he bumped into the irate father of the girl whose ears had bled , dropped the unconscious boy and did a runner .
Alexander Waugh 's eminently readable , meticulously researched account of the Wittgenstein madhouse might have speculated a bit more on how this background helped to shape the most celebrated of all the Wittgensteins .
It certainly casts some light on Ludwig 's extraordinary contradictions .
Haughty , imperious and impossibly exacting , driven by a fatiguing zeal for moral perfection and contemptuous of most of those around him , he was a true son of patrician Vienna .
Yet his greatest work , Philosophical Investigations , also represents a rejection of this world in its embrace of the ordinary , its acceptance of the imperfect and incorrigibly plural .
Wittgenstein was an arresting combination of monk , mystic and mechanic .
He was a high European intellectual who yearned for a Tolstoyan holiness and simplicity of life , a philosophical giant with scant respect for philosophy .
He could never really decide whether he was a Brahmin or an " untouchable " .
Much of this makes sense if one sees it as an ambivalent relationship to his family background .
On the one hand , he tried to divest himself of all that pomp and excess .
If he was sometimes plunged into spiritual despair , it was because he was unable to strip himself of himself .
Wittgenstein struggled to live on what he called the rough ground of everyday life .
As a man who hailed from an Austro - Hungarian empire inhabited by Germans , Slovaks , Romanians , Serbs , Slovenes , Magyars and a good many other quarrelsome ethnic groups , he came to see human cultures as inherently diverse .
But he was also haunted by a lofty , lethal vision of purity ( what he called the pure ice ) , which was a product of his background and a form of rebellion against it .
And the fact that he was torn between the rough ground and the pure ice was the source of much of his sorrow .
Perhaps his brother Hans 's first word sums it all up : " Oedipus " .
• Terry Eagleton wrote the screenplay for Derek Jarman 's Wittgenstein .
To order The House of Wittgenstein for £ 18 with free UK p&p call Guardian
book service on 0870 836 0875 .
· This article was amended on Saturday November 22 2008 .
The above review mentioned some of the children of Karl and Leopoldine Wittgenstein and suggested that Hans , Hermine , Gretl , Jerome , Paul , Rudolf and Ludwig were siblings .
In fact Jerome ( Stonborough ) was Gretl 's husband , not her brother .
An Islamist rebel administration in Somalia had a 13 - year - old girl stoned to death for adultery after the child 's father reported that three men had raped her .
Amnesty International said the al - Shabab militia , which controls the southern port city of Kismayo , arranged for a group of 50 men to stone Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow in front of a crowd of about 1,000 spectators .
A lorryload of stones was brought to the stadium for the killing .
Amnesty said that Duhulow struggled with her captors and had to be forcibly carried into the stadium .
" At one point during the stoning , Amnesty International has been told by numerous eyewitnesses that nurses were instructed to check whether Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow was still alive when buried in the ground .
They removed her from the ground , declared that she was , and she was replaced in the hole where she had been buried for the stoning to continue , " the human rights group said .
" Inside the stadium , militia members opened fire when some of the witnesses to the killing attempted to save her life , and shot dead a boy who was a bystander . "
Amnesty said witnesses originally reported that Duhulow was 23 - years - old , based on her appearance .
But the human rights group found out from her father that she was a child .
Duhulow 's father told Amnesty that when they tried to report her rape to the militia , the child was accused of adultery and detained .
None of the men Duhulow accused was arrested .
" This was not justice , nor was it an execution , " said Amnesty 's Somalia campaigner , David Copeman .
" This child suffered an horrendous death at the behest of the armed opposition groups who currently control Kismayo .
" This killing is yet another human rights abuse committed by the combatants to the conflict in Somalia , and again demonstrates the importance of international action to investigate and document such abuses , through an international commission of inquiry . "
Amnesty said al - Shabab had created a climate of fear in which government officials , journalists and human rights activists faced death threats and killing if they spoke against the militia .
解説記事や発表資料で、ドメインの例を出す場合、example.jp等を使うことが推奨されているのを知っている人は多いでしょう。しかし、IPアドレスの方は知らない人もいるみたいです。ここでは両方について出典を示しながらまとめます。
知っていて別の例を使うのはいいのですが、知らないで別の例を使うのはよくないです。
gTLD のドメイン名の例 RFC2606で以下のように定められています。
3 . Reserved Example Second Level Domain Names
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) also currently has the following second level domain names reserved which can be used as examples .
example.com example.net example.org
IPv4アドレスの例 RFC5737で以下のように定められています。
3 . Documentation Address Blocks
The blocks 192.0.2.0/24 ( TEST - NET -1 ) , 198.51.100.0/24 ( TEST - NET - 2 ) , and 203.0.113.0/24 ( TEST - NET - 3 ) are provided for use in documentation .
注： RFC3330 から改訂しました。
One of the biggest challenges facing the mining industry is rock wall failure .
Charlie Li ’s invention could change all that , by making excavations safer .
Dynamic Rock Support AS , a spin - off from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) , is commercialising Li ’s technology .
“ The industry is crying out for new energy - absorbing elements for rock reinforcement , and that is what we have , ” says NTNU Professor Charlie Li .
Li has invented a new type of bolt for rock reinforcement .
The most common way to protect mines and tunnels from rock fall is to install bolts in the country rock .
In highly stressed rock masses , rock reinforcement bolts need to be both deformable yet able to bear high loads to securely anchor the moving rock masses .
No other current rock bolt combines these contradictory characteristics nearly as well as Li ’s solution .
The unique anchoring system combined with the ductile nature of the bolts enable them to tolerate high loads and rock deformation without breaking unexpectedly , thus absorbing more energy than conventional rock bolts .
“ This will significantly improve safety levels in mines and tunnels and reduce operation and maintenance costs , ” says Li .
From patent to spin-off
Li has worked with rock reinforcement for more than 15 years , at the University of Technology in Luleå Sweden , as a mining engineer at the Boliden Mineral mining company in Sweden , and at NTNU since 2004 .
Li’s NTNU colleagues advised him to see if his new invention could be patented .
“ I contacted the faculty and was sent to NTNU Technology Transfer AS , which handles commercialisation of technologies from NTNU .
The patent application was filed within six weeks , ” says Li .
NTNU Technology Transfer AS helped Li establish Dynamic Rock Support AS , which is owned partly by its entrepreneur team and partly by NTNU ( Technology Transfer AS ) .
Dynamic Rock Support AS currently employs 2.5 people , but plans to recruit senior sales representatives in Canada , Australia and Sweden .
Not the last
Li is the first staff member at the Department of Geology and Mineral Resources Engineering to commercialise technology through NTNU Technology Transfer AS – but hopefully not the last .
“ Mining geology is a traditional profession and the people working here might not be used to thinking about patenting .
I am sure there are several technologies and scientific ideas here that are worthy of commercialisation , because our research is world class , ” says Li .
Consuming caffeine at any time during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction ( low birth weight ) , according to research published on bmj.com today .
Although some previous studies have also shown this , this BMJ study additionally shows that any amount and type of caffeine intake -- from tea , cola , chocolate , cocoa , and some prescription drugs , as well as coffee -- is linked with relatively slower fetal growth .
Dr Justin Konje and colleagues from the University of Leicester as well as collaborators from the University of Leeds , examined the association of maternal caffeine intake and individual caffeine metabolism on birth weight .
From two large teaching hospitals in the UK between September 2003 and June 2006 the authors recruited 2645 low risk pregnant women of average age 30 , who were between 8 - 12 weeks pregnant .
They used a caffeine assessment tool ( CAT ) to record caffeine intake from all possible dietary sources in the four weeks before and throughout pregnancy , and also used a saliva sample test to calculate individual caffeine metabolism .
The researchers report that the average caffeine intake during pregnancy was 159 mg / day , much lower than the limit of 300 mg / day recommended by the UK government 's Food Standards Agency .
Interestingly , 62 % of the caffeine use reported came from tea .
Other sources were coffee ( 14 % ) , cola ( 12 % ) , chocolate ( 8 % ) , and soft drinks ( 2 % ) .
Most of the babies were born at full term , with an average birth weight of 3450g ( which is around the UK average ) , while 4 % were born prematurely , 0.3 % were stillborn , and 0.7 % were miscarried late .
Overall , the results confirmed that these were low risk pregnancies .
However , the authors found a ' dose - response relationship ' , showing that increasing caffeine intake was associated with increasing risk of fetal growth restriction ( FGR ) .
Compared to pregnant women consuming less than 100 mg / day ( the equivalent of less than one cup of coffee ) , the risk estimates of having a lower birth weight baby increased by 20 % for intakes of 100 - 199 mg / day , by 50 % for those taking between 200 - 299 mg / day , and by 40 % for over 300 mg / day .
There was no level of caffeine intake at which the increased risk of FGR stopped increasing during pregnancy .
Caffeine consumption of more than 100 mg / day , the equivalent of one cup of coffee , was associated with a reduction in birth weight of 34 - 59g in the first , 24 - 74g in the second , and about 66 - 89g in the third trimesters .
This effect was significant and consistent across all trimesters with consumption of over 200 mg / day .
The authors also noted that the link between caffeine and FGR was stronger in women who metabolised caffeine more quickly .
The authors explain that , although these reductions in birth weight may seem small given that the average birth weight is over 3 kg , a drop of 60 - 70 g might be important for a baby that was already small and at risk .
Pregnant women should make every effort to significantly reduce their caffeine consumption before and during pregnancy , they warn .
In light of this evidence , the UK Government 's Food Standards Agency are altering their guidance on the recommended daily limit of caffeine consumption and reducing it from 300 mg to 200mg .
These findings will reinforce the concern that caffeine is a potential fetotoxic substance , say Professor Jørn Olsen and Professor Bodil Hammer Bech , in an accompanying editorial .
But the advice offered by the authors could unnecessarily frighten women who have consumed some caffeine during pregnancy .
Pregnant women should reduce their intake of caffeine , but must not replace it with unhealthy alternatives such as alcoholic drinks or soft drinks full of sugar , they add .
###
For the interested , the source code is available as a git repository at .
Not all of the functionality present in mainline LXR is available in this version , and the documentation is unfortunately rather sparse .
Do n't hesitate to contactwith any questions , though .
Xapian and Excuberant Ctags are invaluable components of the lxr.linux .
no infrastructure .
Additionally , Redpill Linpro AS generously provides the hardware and network connectivity required.lxr.linux.no is provided as a non-profit service to the public in the hope that it is found useful .
It is herded by Arne Georg Gleditsch in his spare time .
What 's new
The freetext search index for the Linux kernel is currently in the process of being rebuilt , as it has suffered some form of corruption .
The freetext search functionality will be absent or spotty while this happens , but at least the server errors that some of you have reported lately should be gone now .
A badly timed hardware malfunction brought lxr.linux .
no offline for several days .
Thanks to the folks at Redpill Linpro for bringing the server back online -- apologies to everyone else for the interruption of service .
A couple of rather embarrasing cross -site scripting holes have been plugged .
Thanks to Dan Rosenberg and Moritz Naumann for bringing them to my attention .
Reindexing is now complete for all repositories .
The Ajax interface has been made the default for Gecko - based and Opera browsers .
The navigation interface can be changed by clicking Prefs in the upper right corner .
lxr.linux.no has had its operating system upgraded to Ubuntu 9.04 , and the LXRng software itself has been updated to the most recent version .
The currently running version is tagged as v1.2 , and requires an index rebuild .
This is still pending for some repositories , but should be complete in a day or two .
Problems concerning a change of ip address unfortunately left lxr.linux .
no unavailable for ( at least ) the past day or so .
As they say , we apologize for the inconvenence .
Things should be back in working order now , but if you experience connectivity - related issues please holler .
Thanks to Ahmed S. Darwish and Fred Koehler , there are now actually two step - by - step guides to choose from for anyone wanting to try out LXRng under Ubuntu 7.10 .
Ahmed S. Darwish has published a guide on his blog , while Fred Koehler contributed the following document .
A big thank you to both of them .
While harsh ads and negative attacks are a staple of presidential campaigns , Sen .
John McCain has drawn an avalanche of criticism this week from Democrats , independent groups and even some Republicans for regularly stretching the truth in attacking Sen.
Barack Obama ’s record and positions .
Obama has also been accused of distortions , but this week McCain has found himself under fire for a pair of headline - grabbing attacks .
First , the McCain campaign twisted Obama ’s words to suggest that he had compared Sarah Palin , the Republican vice - presidential nominee , to a pig after Obama said , in questioning McCain ’s claim to be the change agent in the race , “ You can put lipstick on a pig ; it ’s still a pig . ”
( McCain once used the same expression to describe Sen. Hillary Clinton ’s health plan . )
Then , he falsely claimed that Obama supported “ comprehensive sex ed ” for kindergartners ( he supported teaching them to be alert for inappropriate advances from adults ) .
Those attacks followed weeks in which McCain repeatedly , and incorrectly , asserted that Obama would raise taxes on the middle class , even though analysts say he would cut taxes on the middle class more than McCain would , and misrepresented Obama ’s positions on energy and health care .
A McCain ad called “ Fact Check ” was found to be “ less than honest ” by FactCheck.org , a nonpartisan group .
The group complained that the McCain campaign had cited its work debunking various Internet rumors about Palin and implied in the ad that the rumors had originated with Obama .
“ The last month , for sure , I think the predominance of liberty taken with truth and the facts has been more McCain than Obama , ” said Don Sipple , a Republican advertising strategist .
Indeed , in recent days , McCain has been increasingly called out by editorial boards , as well as independent analysts like FactCheck.org .
The group , which does not judge whether one candidate is more misleading than another , has cried foul on McCain ’s campaign more than twice as often since the political conventions as it has on Obama’s .
A McCain spokesman , Brian Rogers , said the campaign had evidence for all its claims .
“ We stand fully by everything that ’s in our ads , ” Roger said , “ and everything that we ’ve been saying we provide detailed backup for — everything , and if you and the Obama campaign want to disagree , that ’s your call . ”
For a candidate who came into the race promoting himself as a truth - teller , and who has long publicly deplored the kinds of negative tactics that helped sink his candidacy in the Republican primaries in 2000 , the turnaround has been startling .
“ They just keep stirring the pot , and I think the McCain folks realize if they can get this thing down in the mud , drag Obama into the mud , that ’s where they have the best advantage to win , ” said Matthew Dowd , who worked with many top McCain campaign advisers when he was President Bush ’s chief strategist in the 2004 campaign , but who has since had a falling out with the White House .
“ If they stay up at 10,000 feet , they do n’t . ”
Indeed , for all the criticism , the offensive seems to be having an impact .
It has been widely credited by strategists in both parties with putting Obama on the defensive since it began earlier this summer .
Some of those who have criticized McCain have faulted him for not only the blatant nature of some of the untruths , but also for failing to correct himself when errors are pointed out .
Even on “ The View ” on Friday , co-host Joy Behar grilled him about his new ads .
“ We know that those two ads are untrue , ” she protested .
“ They are lies .
And yet you , at the end of it , say , ‘ I approve these messages . ’
Do you really approve them ? ”
“ Actually they are not lies , ” McCain responded crisply , “ and have you seen some of the ads that are running against me ? ”
Obama ’s hands have not always been clean in this regard either .
He was called out earlier in the campaign for saying , incorrectly , that McCain supported a “ hundred - year war ” in Iraq after McCain said in January that he would be fine with a hypothetical 100 - year American presence in Iraq , as long as Americans were not being injured or killed there .
More recently , Obama has been criticized for ads that have incorrectly accused McCain of not supporting loan guarantees for the auto industry — a hot topic in Michigan .
He also has taken McCain ’s repeated comments that U.S. economy is “ fundamentally sound ” out of context , leaving out the fact that McCain almost always adds at the same time that he understands that times are tough and “ people are hurting . ”
But sensing an opening in the mounting criticism of McCain , the Obama campaign released a withering statement after McCain ’s appearance on “ The View . ”
“ In running the sleaziest campaign since South Carolina in 2000 and standing by completely debunked lies on national television , it ’s clear that John McCain would rather lose his integrity than lose an election , ” Hari Sevugan , a spokesman for the Obama campaign , said in a statement .
The strategy reflects a calculation McCain ’s advisers made earlier this summer — above the strenuous objections of some of the longtime hands who helped McCain build his “ Straight Talk ” image — to devote the campaign heavily to disqualifying Obama in the eyes of voters .
The ads are devised to draw the interest of bloggers and cable news producers to shift the debate onto its own terms questioning Obama ’s character and qualifications , often with disputed claims .
Sipple voiced concern that McCain ’s approach could backfire .
“ Any campaign that is taking liberty with the truth and does it in a serial manner will end up paying for it in the end , ” he said .
“ But it ’s very unbecoming to a political figure like John McCain whose flag was planted long ago in ground that was about ‘ straight talk ’ and integrity . ”
The moment surfer takes on 41 - foot monster wave ... and lives to tell the tale
A daredevil surfer is pictured tackling a giant 41 foot wave in a bid to win himself a prestigious award .
Kerby Brown took on the monster during a session at a top secret reef , and nearly did n't live to tell the tale .
Moments after these pictures were taken , he suffered a devastating wipeout which nearly killed him .
The big one : Kerby Brown starts his run with his brother Courtney looking on from his jetski as the wave gathers momentum
He said : ' Usually the wave never steps out or goes evil like that one , but it just went dry - the hardest wave I 've ever had to surf .
' I went straight over the lip and did about 10 backflips and then pulled a muscle in my shoulder .
The daredevil surfer is dwarfed by the giant wave
' It felt like I ripped my arm out of its socket , my leggie snapped and then I felt like I was the deepest I 'd ever been . '
The unbelievable pictures have been entered into the prestigious Oakley Surfing Life Big Wave Awards , which rewards the riders of the biggest waves in Australasian waters .
Wipeout :
The massive wave begins to break and Kerby is seconds away from his biggest ever wipeout which left him with torn shoulder muscles
* Asia down 5 % , Europe down 2 % ( Russia crushed ) , dollar flat , oil $ 56 , gold $ 711
* Germany joins recession club : `` It 's very serious ...
It raises the risk of a German contraction of more than 1 percent next year and we will have to revise down our forecast for the euro area as well . ''
* Global hedge funds lose $ 100 billion [ is that all ? ] .
World HF index down [ a pleasantly modest ] 3.3 % .
`` This wave of redemptions in the hedge fund industry is going to last for at least another six months ...
`` There are some funds that halted withdrawals , but those funds would eventually have to defreeze , and that means another wave of redemptions . ''
* Russia market collapses , Kuwait market closed to prevent collapse .
" Alarm bells are ringing ... ``Weaker oil raises a number of issues for deterioration in terms of trade and budget assumptions which are now being seriously called into question . ''
Prices of Russia CDSs fly .
* Demolished Citigroup may boot Chairman Win Bisschof , replace with Dick Parsons .
Vice presidential candidate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her husband Todd arrive before Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) delivers his concession speech at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona on November 4 , 2008 .
Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) will be the United States 44th and first African - American president .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
JUNEAU , Alaska , Nov. 19 ( UPI ) --
A complaint against Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin charges she violated state ethics rules by publicly discussing her political future from the governor 's office .
Zane Henning from Wasilla , Alaska , told The Anchorage Daily News he filed the complaint with the attorney general , claiming Palin promoted her political career on state property and citing a Nov. 10 interview in the governor 's office .
He also asked the state Personnel Board to investigate his claim .
Advertisement
" The governor is using her official position and office in an attempt to repair her damaged political image on the national scene , " Henning wrote in his complaint .
Aides to the governor said Palin was no longer the Republican vice presidential candidate at the time of the interviews but otherwise did n't comment , the newspaper said .
Alaska 's executive branch ethics rules say officials can't use state resources to help or hurt a political candidate or potential candidate , the Daily News said .
However , the rules are silent about whether state officials can tell a national TV audience about their past political campaigns from their government office .
At least two other Alaskans have publicized their ethics complaints filed against Palin during the past four months .
There are some out there like me who do not believe it was Sarah Palin who gave birth to Trig Palin on April 18th in Wasilla , Alaska .
In fact , if you CLICK HERE , you will note the hospital that she supposedly gave birth to Trig in , his birth is not listed .
Oh yes , a family can ask to not have the birth publicized , but why would an acting governor of Alaska want to keep the birth of her 5th child a secret ?
I mean , really , what kind of information would be included in the little write up and picture that the people of Alaska already did n’t know ?
It does n’t list the Social Security number of anyone in her family including baby Trig , so why would the Palin ’s not want anyone to see this hospital birth announcement ?
Hmmmmm ….
Oh wait .
The whole entire pregnancy was a cover up , because it was Bristol Palin ( 16 at the time ) who was pregnant with Trig starting in July / August 2007 and who gave birth ‘ early ’ in April , and who got PREGNANT AGAIN RIGHT AFTER GIVING BIRTH TO TRIG at the age of 17 !
Yep , that ’s it !
Bristol Palin is on her 2nd pregnancy in a year .
See ?
I ca n’t let this die .
It shows more abuse of power , how lying is the norm for her , and how Sarah Palin when backed into a corner and to protect her family to the death , will fake a pregnancy ( you can buy fake pregnant bellies online , ya know …makes for a good Halloween costume !
See how real they look ? ) just to make sure the image of her family stays intact !
Telling the truth is better than lying & covering up , right Sarah ?
I mean , really , this is what you ’re teaching your children is n’t it ?
Spit .
And another thing that is very interesting in all of this …
When you look at the following picture , does Sarah Palin look to you as if she has just given birth to Trig ?
I do n’t know any pregnant woman ( unless they ’re a crack whore who was extremely unhealthy throughout the whole pregnancy ) who after giving birth does n’t have some kind of roundness to their bodies whether it ’s in their face , hips , fingers , or ankles !
And why did Levi Johnston ’s sister ( pictured below along with Sarah and Trig ) label this photo on her MySpace page as , “ Mother - in - law , Trig , and myself ” ?
Huh ?
I ’ll tell ya why !
Her brother Levi is the father of Bristol ’s current child ( so we ’re told ) , so it would make sense that Levi ’s sister would be calling Sarah her brother ’s ‘ mother - in - law ’ after Trig was born , because the sister knew her brother was the father of Trig when this photo was taken !
I ’M NOT THE ONLY ONE QUESTIONING THIS .
The fact Sarah Palin looks like she is NOT the one who gave birth to Trig in this picture explains why Sarah Palin was able to finish her speech in Texas ( she told those there - after A PHONE CALL - her water had broke ) , was able to stay there for some time , and then was able to board a commercial plane back to Alaska ( anywhere from an 8 hour to 12 hour flight ) without anyone on the plane suspecting she was pregnant ( the commercial airliner would NOT have allowed a very pregnant / in - labor woman on the plane .
No way ! ) .
Sarah got a PHONE CALL right before or earlier before going out on the stage in Texas to give her speech .
Was this phone call coming from Alaska letting her know that her daughter Bristol ’s water broke and she needs to come home now ?
Seems likely to me !
How else can you explain Sarah ’s behavior then ?
Are we to assume she was n’t looking forward to giving birth to a Downs Syndrome baby and was taking her sweet ole time in the hopes ‘ something ’ might happen to him ?
Horrible though , but I think it ’s time the Palins come clean on this !
Since Alaskan officials have found she did abuse her powers as Governor , I think we need to go back to the Trig pregnancy now .
Sorry , but it ’s a story that is not sitting right with many Americans !
Honestly , we do n’t care if Bristol Palin got pregnant at 16 and is now on her 2nd pregnancy at the age of 17 , but we do care about is the VP nominee telling us the freaking truth for crying out loud !
It ’s a truth issue !
We have a right to know and as Andrew Sullivan pointed out , IF SARAH PALIN CAN DEMAND THE MARRIAGE LICENSE OF SOMEONE , WE SURE AS HELL CAN ASK HER TO SUPPLY US A BIRTH CERTIFICATE CONCLUDING ONCE AND FOR ALL WHO IS THE REAL MOTHER OF TRIG !
Here 's some more debate reaction from Republican bloggers .
This was a moment when even their powers of denial and discipline failed them .
Instapundit :
... in retrospect I have to say that I think Obama did better than it seemed at the time .
This morning , my strongest impression is that McCain seemed to be trying too hard to close the deal , and frustrated that it was n't happening .
Obama , despite a lot of stammering and some ill - advised references to Delaware , seemed a lot more comfortable .
I think he passed the threshold acceptability test with the audience , which -- for people looking for " change " -- is probably enough .
Andy McCarthy :
McCain 's only shot is / was to show that Obama cannot be trusted with the presidency .
If Obama is plausible , McCain loses .
And McCain , unfailingly , treats Obama as if he is totally plausible .
Ballgame .
Byron York :
After it ended , there was serious unhappiness in some quarters of the McCain campaign not with Barack Obama , but with NBC's Tom Brokaw .
Some key members of the campaign felt Brokaw had diluted the town hall format a McCain favorite by asking too many questions of his own .
One irritated McCain aide called it " the worst - moderated debate in the history of presidential debates . "
Stephen Hayes :
Obama ’s test in the first debate was to present himself as a plausible president , as a guy who did n’t seem out of place on stage at a presidential debate and would n’t seem out of place delivering a State of the Union address .
Much as I ’d disagree with the policies in such a speech , it was clear that he passed that test .
Tonight , his job was to persuade voters  particularly independents  not only that he could be president but that he should be president .
I suspect polling in the next couple of days will provide evidence that he passed that test , too .
Jennifer Rubin :
Barack Obama wants the debates to be dull every moment of dullness and non-news is another step closer to victory .
It ’s up to McCain to generate the excitement .
But what did he do ?
John McCain can’t bring himself to put together more than a sentence on the connection between Barack Obama and the Freddie / Fannie mess .
He refuses to talk about Obama ’s connections to radicals and his continued dissembling about the same .
In lieu of a bold growth oriented new economic plan , he comes up with a mortgage buy - athon by the federal government .
So when you ’re looking for “ worst ” I ’d suggest : Worst Ninety Minutes of Missed Opportunities In A Presidential Debate .
Ever .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Publishers hate used game sales .
It 's hard to get anyone in the industry to talk about that hate on the record , but it 's there .
You can see it in the eyes of interview subjects , in the terse syllables of the " no comment " when it 's brought up , or in the rantings of the few who will come out and admit to the feeling .
Nintendo is the latest company to step into the fight against used games by blocking the sales of its Wii Speak peripheral on the secondary market .
Be warned : this is certainly but the first move in what promises to be an all - out assault on the used game market .
MTV Multiplayer has received its press copy of Animal Crossing City Folk , along with the Wii Speak peripheral .
The package came with a surprise : a 16 - character code is needed to download the Wii Speak channel from Nintendo .
The fine print is clear : the code will not be replaced if lost .
There is no other way to download the channel .
Without the channel , the Wii Speak hardware is just a useless microphone .
Anyone buying the hardware secondhand will be out of luck when it comes to getting the channel allowing the hardware to work .
Crafty !
This sort of thing is becoming increasingly common .
Gamers who purchase Gears of War 2 are given a download code for five classic maps from the first game to play online .
The codes are one - use only , so anyone buying the game used has no way of getting the maps , which is no fun if they 're in the rotation and you 're forced to sit out a round while your friends play .
The story is that Epic wo n't be selling the maps as downloadable content and , while that 's subject to change , it might be worth more to the company to keep them as an incentive for players to bypass the $ 5 savings at GameStop and pick up the new copy .
Even Rock Band 2 came with a code that allowed new buyers to receive 20 more songs for the game for free .
The track list is n't filled with well - known tracks , but who would n't want to pay a little more for a new copy if there was a promise of more tracks coming with the game ?
This is content that adds value to the game , and is being held back for the specific purpose of cutting down the used - game market .
Creating video games is a tough business .
There 's tremendous expense involved , you have tough competition , gamers have an increasingly limited budget , and retailers have limited shelf space .
If you do n't have a big opening weekend or a solid first month , your product will often be pulled from the shelves , and there are n't many secondary ways to profit from your game .
It 's not like the movie busines where a film is shown in theaters , then sold on DVD , sold to cable channels , sold online , and eventually aired on network television .
There are multiple ways to make money from a movie .
Games ?
You have one shot at making your nut , and that 's even tougher when specialty retailers give used titles much more shelf space than new games , not to mention the fact that employees are trained to push the high - margin used titles to gamers .
Nintendo may be one of the first companies to fight this battle on the hardware front instead of via software , but it wo n't be the last .
Epic Games President Michael Capps spoke candidly on the subject to GamesIndustry , and he made it clear : used games hurt publishers .
" We certainly have a rule at Epic that we do n't buy any used games — sure as hell you 're not going to be recognized as an Epic artist going in and buying used videogames — because this is how we make our money and how all our friends in the industry make money . "
These moves make financial sense for the developers and publishers , but it 's a mixed bag at best for gamers .
Clamping down on used game sales may result in more new titles , but gamers can expect an increasingly hard time reselling their old titles and , possibly , their peripherals .
« Is That Your Penis in a Jar Or Are You Just Happy to S … Wait .
Why is Your Penis in a Jar ? | Main |
They may not be able to get married in most states … »
Kids Can Be So Cruel
This is just mean :
A few of the cool kids in a Utah high school convinced the mentally limited janitor to buy them beer in exchange for photographs of their penises ( peni ? ) .
Fair enough , right ?
The boys get some beer , and the janitor gets some snapshots of goober .
Everybody wins !
Unfortunately , after the janitor hung up the pictures on his bedroom wall , the poor guy found out he got snookered !
They were pictures of penis pulled from the Internet .
Doh !
The case of a Brighton High School seasonal employee accused of providing beer to teenage boys in exchange for photos of their genitalia shocked and outraged the school community .
But it turns out that the employee , Brian Scott Hansen , was the butt of a joke played on him by the boys , his defense attorney said Friday in 3rd District Court .
Hansen , 49 , of West Valley City , believed he had genuine photos of the four boys , and even taped them to his bedroom wall with their names written on the backs .
But defense attorney Steven Shapiro said the pictures were cut and pasted from the Internet , and that the boys never took any pictures of themselves .
“ They laughed the whole time about the joke they played on Brian , ” Shapiro told Judge Vernice Trease , adding that he felt Hansen - who has “ functional limitations ” - was “ taken advantage of ” by the boys .
You gotta cut the janitor a little slack , cause he ’s functionally limited and all , but come on :
The defense attorney actually argued that the janitor — who bought minors beer in exchange for penis pictures — was taken advantage of ?
That ’s rich !
It worked , too .
He got no jail time .
| Comments ( 1 )
Hedge funder Daniel Zwirn has been using his own money to pay the rent on his office space as well as support vendors and employees as he unwinds his eponymous firm .
Fortunately , he had the $ 50 million such expenses totaled .
NY Post : Daniel Zwirn , a once - highflying hedge - fund manager whose fund imploded back in February , has been dipping into his own pocket over the past several months to keep the lights on at his firm D.B. Zwirn & Co .
According to sources , Zwirn has been writing checks totaling as much as $ 50 million to cover the costs of staying in the Midtown office he leases at 745 Fifth Avenue , as well as to pay vendors and employees as he unwinds his $ 5 billion hedge fund .
Zwirn 's problems began when confidence among some clients eroded after the firm disclosed accounting problems and a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation .
The hedge - fund manager has been liquidating the fund since February , but has had trouble doing so because of the fund 's shrinking asset base .
It appears that in the last few days , there are a handful of bloggers who , by finding wallets on the ground , have unwittingly stumbled across the latest under - the - radar Burger King promotion .
The fast food chain has dispensed agents across major U.S. cities ( indications are it ’s just been Chicago and Orlando so far ) to “ lose ” wallets .
However , when unsuspecting passersby find these wallets and open them , they discover an interesting message :
Yep , the wallets include notes telling the individuals who find them to go ahead and keep the wallets .
Time Out Chicago reported on November 12th that Burger King planned to drop 5,000 of these wallets around urban hot spots in Chicago .
A handful of bloggers have found some of these wallets , and are reporting that they contain actual cash , ranging from a $ 1 bill to a $ 100 bill , a gift card to Burger King , a “ Drivers License ” featuring The King , and a map of Chicago or Orlando area Burger King’s .
Related : Wondering what to buy when you find a Burger King wallet ?
Try the Angry Whopper BK Unveils the Burger King Angry Whopper
Several bloggers have posted about their experience , or their friend ’s experience , finding one of these wallets .
See HERE , HERE and HERE for more on their stories .
A couple of PR and marketing bloggers are weighing in as well , praising the promotion and calling it “ unexpected and well - timed ” given the current state of the economy .
This story has n’t even bubbled up to the mainstream media yet .
A Google News search for “ Burger King ” + “ wallet ” yields only one mainstream media story , from an NBC station in Chicago .
Nor have stories about this promotion appeared yet on major marketing sites such as Adage or Adfreak .
This is a brilliant marketing move , and the mainstream media seems to be lagging behind on discovering it – but creative and unique marketing ideas like this one do n’t go unnoticed forever .
I expect much more widespread attention for this promotion as the word - of - mouth affect begins to trickle up the mainstream media .
Pictures via Ted.me .
Update : Apparently this idea is n’t original – Josh and Melanie point out in the comments that McDonald ’s did something similar a couple years ago , as did GE Financial .
Update # 2 : An e-mailer and a commenter on Digg are reporting that these wallets were also spotted on the Arizona State and Embry - Riddle Aeronautical University ’s campuses .
Back in December 2001 , kiwi UI designer " mpt " ( Matthew Thomas ) wrote a list of " the top ten usability problems in Mozilla " - i.e. the Mozilla Application Suite .
He kept it updated until June 2002 .
The release of Firefox 3 seemed like a good moment to revisit his list to see which , if any , of the problems have been addressed in the past six years .
mpt now lives in London and does UI work for Ubuntu , but was kind enough to provide up - to - date comments on the original and on my comments .
The original text is in the left - hand column , my comments are in the middle ( some stuff is better , some is still the same ) , and mpt's new comments on both of those are in the right - hand column .
Where relevant , I have also compared the list to Thunderbird 3.0a1 .
Mozilla has many serious usability problems which need to be fixed before any lightly modified distributions — such as Netscape — will be chosen by millions of users in the way that previous versions were .
This article lists the worst of the problems in order of importance , in an attempt to focus the minds ( and typing fingers ) of those who are able to fix them .
This was written back when mozilla.org was a technology provider rather than a distributor of end - user products .
Note that “ the top ten usability problems ” is not the same thing as “ the worst ten areas of the interface ” .
For example , the Forms Manager is so complex as to be almost useless , but its obfuscation means that few people will even try to use it , so it is not as much of a usability problem as it otherwise would be .
Firefox no longer has a Forms Manager - instead , there is just a checkbox to enable or disable remembering form data , and a way to clear it .
Advanced users can also delete individual items using the Delete key when the item is highlighted in the options list .
Fascinatingly , I can't find an extension to restore the original ability to view and edit the list .
Clearly , not a missed feature .
Internet Explorer for Mac had an " AutoFill Profile " preference pane with 12 fields for you to fill in .
Opera has a " Wand " preference pane with 14 fields .
Mozilla 's Form Manager had not 12 fields , not 14 fields , but 116 standard fields , plus fields for whatever custom data you 'd saved .
Crackarific .
This article will be regularly updated to reflect the current state of Mozilla , with links to bug reports , specs , and other information .
You wo n’t hear much about this problem from Mozilla contributors , the sort of people who can pick their way with ease through a plethora of badly structured and overly wordy menus .
But for millions of other people , this is a deal - breaker .
These are the people who prefer to avoid menus if possible , who would much rather click a big fat toolbar button to go to their home page or to get their e-mail .
For these people , Navigator ’s current toolbar layout is fundamentally broken .
The root cause is the Toolbar and Address Bar being welded together , leaving no room for any buttons besides the standard four ( Back , Forward , Stop , and Reload ) , and preventing any meaningful customization of the Toolbar because there is n’t any space available to customize .
There are other effects , however , which are worse than any lack of customizability : the Home button is shunted into the “ Personal Toolbar ” ( Bookmarks Bar ) where it does n’t belong , and there are constant requests to add other buttons to the Personal Toolbar or to the Links Bar where they do n’t belong either .
Firefox has fully - customisable toolbars with button - level granularity - it was one of the first features the team implemented .
The Home button is now back in the standard toolbar by default .
My complaint about the toolbars was based on my experience at an Internet cafe , seeing the sheer number of people who used a Web browser and nothing else , and who never used menus .
So they needed toolbar buttons for more than just Back , Forward , Stop , Reload , and Home .
Several years later , Web users are a bit more skilled on average .
And Safari and Camino can more easily get away with having five toolbar buttons visible by default , because menus are much easier to use in Mac OS than in other systems ( other Apple apps have simpler toolbars than their Microsoft counterparts for the same reason ) .
But it would n't surprise me at all if Windows Internet Explorer 7's bizarre toolbar layout was a result of Microsoft aiming for a single Safari - / Firefox - like toolbar , but then being driven by usability tests into adding another toolbar button , and another , and another .
Even for advanced users , the toolbar layout is annoying .
The shortened address field does n’t show as much of a URI , and the auto - completion menu does n’t show as much of an auto - completion ’s title , as it does in competing browsers .
You ca n’t switch between 16 px × 16 px and 24px × 24px toolbar icons , and you do n’t even have the ability ( which was present in every previous incarnation of Mozilla ) to choose between icons , text , or both for toolbar buttons .
Larger screen sizes mean that URL bars are longer , although the search box and the EV indicator encroach into the space .
The AwesomeBar now shows full page titles .
You can switch between large icons , small icons or text only .
Over the last twenty years humans have become conditioned to expect that computers will take an absurdly long time to do things .
Whereas televisions , CD players , VCRs , and other devices are usually ready for action a couple of seconds after being turned on , computers regularly take a minute or more , and then repeatedly make the user wait for several seconds while carrying out simple tasks .
Mozilla , however , performs worse than even these pessimistic expectations .
On Windows , the Quick Launch feature makes it start up as fast as it should , though at the expense of memory consumption .
And when loading Web pages , Mozilla is more usefully responsive than most other browsers .
The problem is with everything else , where Mozilla is breathtakingly slow .
Quick Launch ( a system where Mozilla ' cheated ' and loaded itself at startup ) is no more .
On platforms other than Windows , Mozilla takes considerably longer to launch than any other browser .
Opening a new window is slow , regularly taking between three and ten seconds ( anything over one second is highly frustrating ) , and there are similar problems with closing and redrawing windows .
To a large extent the slowness is due to Mozilla ’s memory consumption , which regularly sends it into the mire of virtual memory on machines which do n’t have large amounts of RAM .
Firefox now whips all comers in memory usage and rendering speed .
bz says that new Window time on Linux with GTK2 still sucks , although the Firefox tinderbox has it at between 0.15 and 0.5 seconds .
Consistency is almost always good in an interface , and in few places is this more true than when performing basic text editing operations .
The exact effects of keys like Backspace , Delete , and the arrow keys with or without modifiers , are not advertised in the way that other keyboard shortcuts are advertised in a program ’s menus ; instead , they need to be almost exactly the same between programs .
Mozilla ’s text editing control has always been very buggy — the insertion point often does n’t move where you ’d expect , arrow keys often do n’t do what you want them to , and some functions just do n’t work at all .
To be sure , behavior is improving steadily , but it is still very frustrating to use .
Gecko's basic text editing is now good , although a lot of recent work on better rich text editing has not made it back to the trunk .
Bug 28583 : Focusing text widget ( except on click ) should select widget contents
Bug 92851 : wrap=virtual in a TEXTAREA element does n't work as expected
Bug 108125 : Move to next word ( Option / Ctrl + Right ) gets stuck to the left of punctuation
Bug 82160 : TEXTAREAs should always have a vertical scrollbar by default
The first and third bugs in this list are now fixed ; the second and fourth are not , although the second is a rare case and sites sometimes expand text areas vertically as you type to avoid the fourth .
In a Web browser window , some Web pages will be usable and some will not .
In the long run , people will tend to favor those which are usable , and the unusable sites will die .
E-mail messages , on the other hand , are mostly just plain text ; there is relatively little to distinguish between them presentation - wise .
Here , the usability requirement falls squarely on the mailer : those mail programs which present messages nicely will succeed , while those which do n’t will fail .
Unfortunately , here Mozilla performs quite badly .
A major part of this problem is in presentation of message headers —
Mozilla shows them in a chrome block which cannot be selected , copied , or scrolled out of the way once you ’ve read them .
This in turn causes further problems : Mozilla heavily truncates long lists of addressees , and ( when in “ Normal Headers ” mode ) does not show the useful Organization and References headers which 4.x did because they would take too much space in the chrome block .
Message headers are still an unscrollable chrome block , although some elements are now selectable and copyable .
Long lists of addressees are still truncated by default and Organization and References are not displayed .
You can Show Full Headers , which shows everything , even the irrelevant , but there 's no hotkey .
If there are too many headers in this mode , you can't see any of the message at all .
In Ubuntu , Thunderbird is the best mail client I 've found for my purposes , but the header display still annoys me greatly .
With a typical three - pane layout , in a maximized Thunderbird window ( with a small icons - only toolbar ) , and with the default Ubuntu panel layout , only about 10 % of my screen ends up being available to show the text of e-mail messages .
The header display is a big contributing factor to this problem .
In the message body , the problems continue .
The message pane does n’t obey your settings for preferred foreground and background colors — you can have any color you like , as long as it ’s black on white .
There are some nice features for styling messages — you can choose between fixed - width or proportional font , and * hacker - style * / formatting / and smileys :-) can be rendered apropriately .
However , these are the sort of features which will go wrong for individual messages , so you want to be able to toggle them on and off quickly ; unfortunately , they ’re buried in a panel of the Preferences dialog , making them difficult to get to .
Foreground and background colour - setting now works .
Message - styling features are still toggled via the preferences .
It ’s a fairly simple rule in interface design .
Where there are two ( or more ) methods of carrying out a task , and those methods are similarly accessible , users will typically waste more time wondering which method is faster to use than they would have wasted by choosing the slower of the two methods .
For example , when programs include a “ Close ” button at the bottom of a window which already has a close button in its title bar , users waste time wondering which one they should click .
There is one critical example of this problem in Mozilla : the Search function .
There are no fewer than six built - in methods for carrying out a Web search in Navigator :
Enter your search text in the address field , and hit the “ Search ” button .
Enter your search text in the address field , and choose the search item at the bottom of the auto - complete menu .
Hit the “ Search ” button , then enter your search in the resulting search page .
Choose “ Search the Web ” from the “ Tools ” menu , then enter your search in the resulting search page .
Choose “ Search the Web ” from the “ Search ” submenu in that same “ Tools ” menu , then enter your search in the resulting search page .
Open the “ Search ” Sidebar panel , resize the Sidebar because it ’s too narrow by default to show the entire panel , and enter your search .
Firefox has 3 methods of carrying out a search that I know of : typing a non-URL in the address field , typing in the search box , and Tools | Web Search ( which just focusses the search box , like Ctrl - K does , so it 's arguable whether it counts as different ) .
There 's also a search option on the right - click menu if you have a selection .
Bravo for the improvement , and I should have been imaginative enough to suggest a search field instead of a button .
To anyone who does n’t spend hours a day using Mozilla and becoming blind to its flaws , this is hopelessly confusing .
At least it ’s not quite as bad in Mozilla as it is in Netscape ’s distribution …
Hit the “ Search ” button on the Personal Toolbar , then enter your search in the resulting search page .
… but it ’s still pretty bad .
After three years of development , the entire suite of search paraphernalia in Mozilla is slower and less intuitive to use than the Google bookmarklet I keep on my Personal Toolbar .
It should n’t be that way .
The Search box is pretty much the same as this bookmarklet , but with guess - as - you - type as a bonus .
To a large extent , making the Search function usable depends on fixing Navigator ’s toolbar structure ( putting a single , unambiguous “ Search ” button on the main Toolbar ) and fixing its menu structure ( having only one “ Search the Web … ” item in the “ Tools ” menu ) .
That alone would increase Search usability by at least 50 percent ( one measure of that , incidentally , would be the revenue that Netscape earns from the feature ) .
Converting the Search sidebar panel into a simpler HTML version , and simplifying the customization options , would produce even bigger gains .
This is basically what we did - the Search box could be said to be the " Search button " on the Toolbar , and there is a " Web Search " ( one less word than " Search the Web " ) option on the Tools menu .
The Search Sidebar is no more .
Of course , you can always install extra toolbars like Google 's to get more search methods if you miss them .
Mozilla is currently heavily lopsided towards expert users , and people who prefer using the keyboard to using the mouse : as mentioned above , it has not enough toolbar buttons , and conversely it has too many menus .
Menus are the most difficult GUI control to use , so you need to keep them as simple and uncluttered as possible .
Mozilla , unfortunately , does the opposite .
In the future , as browsers become more thoroughly integrated with the platforms on which they run ( so that Bookmarks and Help become part of the platform rather than part of the application , for example ) , and as applications which run inside the browsers become more complex , browsers will probably become very simple and unobtrusive and end up with about four top - level menus .
Mozilla ’s menu bar , meanwhile , currently has ten menus .
That ’s ridiculous .
Bookmarks are not yet a platform - level feature .
Help has actually migrated to the web .
Browsers are arguably becoming simpler in their UI .
Firefox has seven top - level menus - File , Edit , View , History , Bookmarks , Tools and Help .
Even in the menus which should remain , there are problems of complexity .
The “ File ” menu buries “ New Window ” in a submenu , following that up with two “ Open ” items instead of one , and continuing with a structure which — like the “ Window ” menu — makes sense only for Macintosh users .
And the “ View ” and “ Tools ” menus are burdened with poor logical order , redundant items , and an overdose of submenus .
New Window is no longer in a submenu .
There are still two " Open " menu items , although Open Location just focusses the URL bar in the same way that Web Search focusses the Search box .
View still has five submenus ( Toolbars , Sidebar , Zoom , Page Style , Character Encoding ) , but Tools has none .
I think it would be a useful design exercise to try and abolish Firefox 's " Tools " menu , since it 's a junk drawer .
Camino and Safari both do without one , with scant help from their respective " Window " menus ( they both contain " Downloads " , which could reasonably go in the " File " menu instead ) .
If you want users to switch from a competing program to your own , you need to do more than just provide a program which is better in every respect .
You also need to make it very easy for users to migrate from their current program to your one , and to allow them to switch back to their previous program so that they will be more willing to try your one .
Microsoft understands this very well : Internet Explorer lets you import your bookmarks and cookies from Netscape , and provides a “ Help for Netscape Users ” item in its “ Help ” menu .
Outlook Express will import your account settings , your messages , your address books , your mail filters , and even your signature file ; it also provides a “ Test Drive mode ” so that you can try the new program without losing messages from your current mailer .
Firefox on Windows has a " Help for Internet Explorer Users " menu item .
Mozilla , on the other hand , is woefully incomplete in this regard .
You can show your Internet Explorer favorites as a folder in your Mozilla bookmarks , but you ca n’t import or edit them .
You ca n’t import messages from a Netscape Communicator 4.x profile after creating a Mozilla profile , nor can you import your address book without exporting it from 4.x first .
( This leads to the alarming situation where it is easier to migrate from 4.x to Microsoft equivalents than it is to migrate from 4.x to Mozilla .
Little wonder that Netscape 6.x ’s market share is so low . )
And the ability to import information from Mozilla ’s main competitor , Outlook Express , is completely absent .
Firefox imports IE favourites ( again , one of the first things Ben implemented ) .
The Netscape 4.x migration issues are now largely irrelevant , but Thunderbird auto - imports Mozilla 1.x or Netscape 7.x mail data , as well as a whole class of other applications , including Outlook .
You can also do this even after you 've created your profile .
Shortcut menus ( known as “ contextual menus ” on Mac OS ) are a method of quick access to extremely frequent commands ( such as “ Back ” or “ Forward ” ) , and commands which are specific to the selected or focused item ( such as “ Block Image ” and “ Show Only this Frame ” ) .
Mouse down on the item , drag the mouse a small distance to the item you want , mouse up , and you ’re done .
Or at least , that ’s the theory .
And that ’s how it works on Linux .
But on Windows , Mozilla breaks with previous versions ( and with every other kind of menu ) in requiring two clicks , rather than a single drag , to select an item — doubling the amount of time taken to use the menu .
And on Mac OS , the menu often remains open long after you ’ve decided you do n’t want it any more .
The Windows two - click problem is apparently still not fixed .
Once you do get the menu open when you want it , however , you might well wonder why you bothered .
For most of last year , Mozilla ’s shortcut menus were too long and too inconsistent for anyone to be able to use them quickly .
Now the length problem has largely been fixed , but at the unnecessary expense of cross - menu consistency , and with the bizarre use of a submenu for frame - specific items .
The net result is that the menus are much slower to use than they could be .
Context menus were mpt's nemesis for quite a while .
They did eventually get cleaned up .
The maximum number of entries was once 30 ; I can now only manage 15 ( linked image in frame ) without extensions .
Frame stuff is still in a submenu , but given that it contains most things on the standard context menu repeated , I can see why this is still done .
And frames are far less common than they were .
Mozilla , like all other minority browsers , is in a precarious position on the Web .
It is trying to provide a good user experience rendering files in a particular format ( HTML ) , where the details of that format are largely ( though indirectly ) under the informal control of a company which has a near - monopoly on the browser market and every interest in seeing that dominance continue .
Like other browsers , Mozilla can appeal to the authority of the World Wide Web Consortium , and the recommendations produced by the Consortium on how browsers should behave .
This approach may work for most people who wander in to the Mozilla newsgroups , and it may even work for some Web developers ( though this is less likely as Mozilla distributions continue to attract nearly zero market share ) .
Our market share numbers have improved somewhat :-) , and with them the situation for standards on the web .
But such an appeal to authority will cut no ice with users , most of whom have never even heard of the W3C , let alone care about its recommendations .
If a site works in Internet Explorer , and even ( in many cases ) in Netscape 4.x , but not in their Mozilla - based browser , without any other information users will naturally assume that the problem is with Mozilla .
So , how to solve this problem ?
How to break the disconnect between the public interest of supporting Web standards , and the user interest of making pages work ?
Unless Mozilla distributors can ship a free evangelist with every copy of Mozilla , they cannot possibly get to every faulty page before the user does , to explain to users what is going on .
Well , actually , there is a browser which ships a free evangelist with every copy .
And it ’s a cute evangelist , too .
The browser in question is called iCab , and the ability to list the errors in a Web page is one of the features which makes iCab users such fans of the browser .
We never did do this , although we still ship the Error Console and there are many extensions which show errors in the status bar ( e.g. Firebug ) .
iCab now uses WebKit , but still has the Smiley to warn of errors .
I was on crack with this suggestion .
An error icon would not have made users less angry in the slightest ; only rendering the Web page usefully would do that .
As penance , for the past four years I 've participated on the WhatWG mailing list working on HTML 5 , and I fully support its more realistic approach to reconciling de jure and de facto Web standards .
Granted , this seems like a propeller - head feature .
But there are already plans to show an icon in Navigator ’s status bar to notify the user if a page contains script errors , or objects which Mozilla does n’t have a plug - in for .
It would be a natural and unobtrusive extension of this idea to show a broken page icon when the page contains markup or style errors which may cause bad rendering .
At the very least , this would make users less angry with Mozilla when a page does not render properly .
And at most , it would help recruit the user population in the evangelism effort to return the Web to open standards .
Mozilla / 4.x’s
Preferences dialog had two main problems :
there were too many preference categories , making it difficult for people to find the option they wanted ; the odd “ a branch is also a leaf ” structure of the category tree resulted in categorization problems , made it difficult to expand a category branch , and ( in some cases I watched ) led people to be unaware that collapsed category branches had any child categories at all .
Mozilla ’s current Preferences dialog takes each of these flaws , and repeats it with a vengeance .
There are even more preference categories ( and constant proposals for new ones ) , and worse feedback than 4.x when expanding or collapsing a category branch .
And the problem with category branches being categories themselves has reached an absurd level .
Ben completely redesigned the preferences dialog ; it now uses a tab - based UI , and has far , far fewer options .
However , the ghost of it continues to haunt the Account Settings dialog in Thunderbird , which uses this structure .
Honorable mention goes to the following usability problems , which are pretty bad but did n’t make the Top Ten .
11 . Cryptography interface .
[ Editor 's note : the following was in HTML comments in the original document . ]
The first exposure which a user is likely to get to Mozilla ’s interface for secure connections is an alert when they log in to Hotmail or another Webmail service which uses SSL , warning them — with a danger icon — that they are entering an encrypted site .
This is likely to convince a novice user that using Hotmail with Mozilla is dangerous and they should use another browser instead .
Secure HTTP , like domain name resolution , is one of those things that should Just Work — there should be little if any need to configure it .
In other browsers , this is indeed the case : Internet Explorer requires a single preferences panel for it , Opera ( that bastion of overconfigurability ) needs only half a preferences panel , and iCab gets away with just two checkboxes .
Mozilla , meanwhile , has four preferences panels , from which five secondary dialogs can be opened , and most of these dialogs have been in an unfinished state for months .
Even in the sections which are apparently finished , the text ranges from doubletalk ( “ Set Mozilla [ sic ] to show a warning and ask for permission before : … Sending form data from an unencrypted page to an unencrypted page ” ) to gobbledygook ( “ SSL3 / TLS Ciphersuites ” ) .
Truly , this part of Mozilla ’s human interface is cryptographic in every sense of the word .
Improved , but still work to do .
12 . Toolbar icon design
Been through many changes .
13 . Stability
Vastly better .
14 . Page load feedback
Not much has changed .
Hardly any improvement since Mozilla 1.0 .
The status bar text is just as spastic as it was in Netscape 1.0 , flitting between the dozens of things the browser is doing when loading a page .
The progress bar still jumps backwards and forwards , which progress bars just should n't do .
And it 's flabbergasting that there is still no browser competent at showing progress when uploading a file .
That 's one thing Web browsers should be able to do perfectly , since it's ( almost always ) local I/O and the browser knows the exact size of the file it 's uploading .
Web authors engage in all sorts of inconsistent hacks to work around this .
15 . Error messages
Some are better .
16 . Java and plug - in installation
It used to be that plug-ins had to be downloaded and installed manually .
We now have a " Plugin Finder Service " - when an unknown content type is encountered , Firefox goes off and asks the service where to get the plugin , before offering to automatically download and install it for you .
I think it still requires a restart , though .
17 . Encoding selection UI
No change .
Just as bad as it's been since Mozilla 1.0 .
The " Customize List " dialog is cruft .
And that a default installation of Firefox contains sub - sub - sub - menus is shameful .
18 . Mail account setup
Still too complicated .
19 .
Message composition window design
No change .
There are two main problems , neither of which have improved since Mozilla 1.0 .
a) Adding and removing recipients is gratuitously difficult , especially with the keyboard , and especially if some of them need to be CCed or BCCed .
Displaying only one recipient per line is extremely wasteful , and the addressing area continues consuming space once you 've finished addressing .
Imagine if word processors worked that way when writing letters !
b ) Attaching a file is also gratuitously difficult .
That attachments are not displayed inline with the text makes it easy to forget that you have n't attached them yet .
And once you remember to do it , dragging the file into the message area results not in the file being attached , but in a " file ://... "
URL being inserted into the message text .
Yeah , I 'm sure anyone has ever wanted that .
20 . Spell - checking
We now have inline spell - checking in form fields .
Copyright © 2008 Gerv .
Copyright © mpt .
From an email on 4th August 2008 .
Dear EarthTalk :
What ’s the story with LED light bulbs that are reputed to be even more energy - efficient than compact fluorescents ?
-- Toby Eskridge , Little Rock , AR
Perhaps the ultimate “ alternative to the alternative , ” the LED ( light - emitting diode ) light bulb may well dethrone the compact fluorescent ( CFL ) as king of the green lighting choices .
But it has a way to go yet in terms of both affordability and brightness .
LEDs have been used widely for decades in other applications — forming the numbers on digital clocks , lighting up watches and cell phones and , when used in clusters , illuminating traffic lights and forming the images on large outdoor television screens .
Until recently LED lighting has been impractical to use for most other everyday applications because it is built around costly semiconductor technology .
But the price of semiconductor materials has dropped in recent years , opening the door for some exciting changes in energy - efficient , green friendly lighting options .
According to HowStuffWorks.com , LED bulbs are lit solely by the movement of electrons .
Unlike incandescents , they have no filament that will burn out ; and unlike CFLs , they contain no mercury or other toxic substances .
Proponents say LEDs can last some 60 times longer than incandescents and 10 times longer than CFLs .
And unlike incandescents , which generate a lot of waste heat , LEDs do n’t get especially hot and use a much higher percentage of electricity for directly generating light .
But as with early CFLs , LED bulbs are not known for their brightness .
According to a January 2008 article in Science Daily , “ Because of their structure and material , much of the light in standard LEDs becomes trapped , reducing the brightness of the light and making them unsuitable as the main lighting source in the home . ”
LED makers get around this problem in some applications by clustering many small LED bulbs together in a single casing to concentrate the light emitted .
But such LED “ bulbs ” still do n’t generate light much brighter than a 35 - watt incandescent , much too little light for reading or other focused tasks .
If LEDs are going to replace incandescents and CFLs , manufacturers will have to make them brighter .
EarthLED is lighting the way with its EvoLux and ZetaLux bulbs , which use multiple LEDs in a single casing to generate light .
The EvoLux delivers light equal to that of a 100 - watt incandescent , the company says .
But the $ 80 / bulb price tag may be tough to swallow .
The ZetaLux , which retails for $ 49.99 , delivers light equivalent to a 50 - or 60 - watt incandescent , will last 50,000 hours and costs only $ 2 / yearly to run .
Other bulb makers are working on similar designs for high - powered LED bulbs , hoping that an increase in availability will help spur demand , which will in turn lower prices across the board .
Until then , consumers can find LED bulbs suitable for secondary and mood lighting purposes in many hardware and big box stores .
C. Crane ’s 1.3 - watt LED bulb , for example , generates as much light as a 15 - watt incandescent bulb .
Check your local hardware store for other options , as well as online vendors such as Best Home LED Lighting , Bulbster , SuperBrightLEDs.com and We Love LEDs .
CONTACTS : How Stuff Works , www.howstuffworks.com/led.htm; EarthLED , www.earthled.com; Best Home LED Lighting , www.besthomeledlighting.com; Bulbster , www.bulbster.com; SuperBrightLEDs.com , www.superbrightleds.com;
We Love LEDs , www.weloveleds.com.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
GOT AN ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTION ?
Send it to : EarthTalk , c/o E / The Environmental Magazine , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; submit it at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/thisweek/, or e-mail : earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
Engineers long have known that great ideas can be lifted from Mother Nature , but a new paper by researchers at Yale University and the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) takes it to a cellular level .
Applying modern engineering design tools to one of the basic units of life , they argue that artificial cells could be built that not only replicate the electrical behavior of electric eel cells but in fact improve on them .
Artificial versions of the eel ’s electricity generating cells could be developed as a power source for medical implants and other tiny devices , they say .
The paper , according to NIST engineer David LaVan , is an example of the relatively new field of systems biology .
“ Do we understand how a cell produces electricity well enough to design one — and to optimize that design ? ” he asks .
Electric eels channel the output of thousands of specialized cells called electrocytes to generate electric potentials of up to 600 volts , according to biologists .
The mechanism is similar to nerve cells .
The arrival of a chemical signal triggers the opening of highly selective channels in a cell membrane causing sodium ions to flow in and potassium ions to flow out .
The ion swap increases the voltage across the membrane , which causes even more channels to open .
Past a certain point the process becomes self - perpetuating , resulting in an electric pulse traveling through the cell .
The channels then close and alternate paths open to “ pump ” the ions back to their initial concentrations during a “ resting ” state .
In all , according LaVan , there are at least seven different types of channels , each with several possible variables to tweak , such as their density in the membrane .
Nerve cells , which move information rather than energy , can fire rapidly but with relatively little power .
Electrocytes have a slower cycle , but deliver more power for longer periods .
LaVan and partner Jian
Xu developed a complex numerical model to represent the conversion of ion concentrations to electrical impulses and tested it against previously published data on electrocytes and nerve cells to verify its accuracy .
Then they considered how to optimize the system to maximize power output by changing the overall mix of channel types .
Their calculations show that substantial improvements are possible .
One design for an artificial cell generates more than 40 percent more energy in a single pulse than a natural electrocyte .
Another would produce peak power outputs over 28 percent higher .
In principle , say the authors , stacked layers of artificial cells in a cube slightly over 4 mm on a side are capable of producing continuous power output of about 300 microwatts to drive small implant devices .
The individual components of such artificial cells — including a pair of artificial membranes separated by an insulated partition and ion channels that could be created by engineering proteins — already have been demonstrated by other researchers .
Like the natural counterpart , the cell ’s energy source would be adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , synthesized from the body ’s sugars and fats using tailored bacteria or mitochondria .
Hello , everyone .
After 21 years , and almost 40 million posts ( we 'll have to check those numbers , but it 's something like that ) , we have decided to bring FJM to an end .
Although we have not lost our borderline - sociopathic joy for meticulously criticizing bad sports journalism , the realities of our professional and personal lives make FJM a time / work luxury we can no longer afford .
We started this site with two purposes : to make each other laugh , and to aid and abet the Presidential campaign of Bob Barr .
Although we failed in the latter goal , we gleefully succeeded in the first , and thanks to a grassroots internetty word - of - mouth kind of a deal , we appear to have positively affected the lives of actual citizens as well , which astonishes and delights us to this day .
We really never thought FJM would be for anyone but us .
We are thrilled and kind of humbled to have been proven wrong .
We thank all of you for the kind emails , and the tips , and the support .
To each and every person who ever contacted us : hat tip to you .
Perhaps the future holds another project for us on which to waste massive amounts of time .
For now , we will leave the site and the archives up as a testament to the fact that if you work hard enough , and blow off enough social occasions , and stare at the internet enough , and get nerdy enough , and repeatedly ignore entreaties from your friends and loved ones to please God stop blogging about Bill Plaschke and get out of the house it's a beautiful day ! , then you , too , can ... have a blog .
Again , from the bottom of our hearts , thank you .
And as Joe Morgan himself might say : " I really have n't seen them play ... slidepiece ... Dave Concepcion .
" Love , dak , Junior , and Ken
Labels : fjm , goodbye
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
On top of bailing out a floundering Citigroup Inc. , the current administration could take additional steps to help the financial system , President George W. Bush said Monday morning , noting that President - elect Barack Obama would be informed about any moves .
" The decision was made to safeguard Citi .
We have made these kinds of decisions in the past , and if need be , we 're going to make these kind of decisions to safeguard our financial system in the future , " Bush told reporters outside the Treasury Department following a meeting with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and other officials .
The president added that anytime his administration makes a ' big decision " during the transition period , Obama and his team " will be informed . "
Further , Bush said , Paulson is " working closely " with Obama 's transition team .
" It 's important for the American people to know that there is close cooperation , " Bush commented .
" It 's important for the American people to know that we will safeguard the financial system . "
Late Sunday , the federal government agreed to a $ 326 billion plan to shore up Citigroup C , - 2.12 % , the latest bailout of a troubled U.S. financial giant .
Brian Bethune , chief U.S. economist with IHS Global Insight , wrote that the Citigroup bailout " breaks new territory in terms of further scaling up the case - by - case approach " that the government has been taking to deal with financial system stresses .
" We are definitely navigating through uncharted territory in the scale of the economic and financial crisis and the magnitude of the government response required to contain it , " Bethune said .
" Perhaps the ultimate reality check is that the U.S. government could have purchased Citigroup outright for about $ 25 billion at the end of last week , which is far less that the $ 45 billion in capital that the Treasury has pumped in to the capital base of the institution . "
With rising job losses and multiyear highs for jobless claims , Bush also recently signed an extension of unemployment - insurance benefits .
Monday afternoon , Obama unveiled key members of his economic team , tapping New York Federal Reserve President Tim Geithner as his pick for Treasury secretary and Harvard economist Lawrence Summers to run the National Economic Council from the White House .
Obama also stressed that the economy needs immediate and bold action for recovery .
Gail Hillebrand , director of the financial - services campaign for Consumers Union , publisher of Consumer Reports , said that Obama 's administration should require that require that consumers are treated " fairly " by every financial institution that receives government money or guarantees .
" In light of the $ 300 billion guarantee announced for Citi , this is especially relevant , " Hillebrand added .
" If the banks want the taxpayers to bail them out , they should abandon unfair credit practices , or be forced to do so by government . "
Obama recently announced a two - year plan to save or create 2.5 million jobs .
See related story .
Her " brother " was an elephant , her best friend a leopard and her playground the African bush .
Tippi Degre has been labelled the ' real - life Mowgli '
Credit : SYLVIE ROBERT / BARCROFT MEDIA LTD .
FROM TIPPI MY BOOK OF AFRICA
After Gary Manouelian was laid off last year as a customer - service representative , he was anxious about his ability to pay off his mortgage and credit - card debt .
So he sought help through hypnosis .
Thirty sessions and $ 1,500 later , Mr. Manouelian says he has since landed a government job and is working to pay off his debts .
For this he thanks ...
AstraZeneca , Crestor and the new era of mass - drugging
$ 10 billion for yet more pharmaceuticals shoved down your throat
Here 's what the evidence really shows ...
Why orthodox medicine abandoned the science and the people
The cult that keeps on killing
Join us or die
Will statin drug consumption be enforced at gunpoint , too ?
How to fight back against medical tyranny
Demand your freedoms and settle for nothing less
" Medical insanity " is redundant
Will medical violence set off an armed backlash by the citizens ?
( Natural News ) Drug companies used to sell products for the treatment of disease .
But it did n't take long for Big Pharma to figure out that the number of diseased people is limited , and therefore so are drug profits .
To bypass this problem , they beganand marketing them to the public as a way to create new demand for high - profit pharmaceuticals .
This is how " bi-polar " came into existence , for example .
Same story for ADHD , social anxiety disorder and even high cholesterol ( which is n't a disease in the first place ) .
But even this disease mongering strategy had its limits .
Only a limited number of gullible doctors and consumers can be convincingly deluded into believing in fictitious diseases and psychiatric disorders .
To really expand its profits , Big Pharma was going to have to do something revolutionary :
They were going to have to figure out a wayOr , put another way :
They needed a way to sell drugs topeople .
The American Medical Association , not surprisingly , came to the rescue .
A study called " Jupiter " was presented at an AMA conference last Sunday .
It was funded by Crestor maker Astrazeneca , and it claims that statin drugs save lives when given to healthy people who show no signs of high cholesterol !
Physicians and Big Pharma reps were practically falling over each other Sunday in a mad stampede to the stage in order to out - do each other on making the most outrageous claims surrounding statin drugs .
One doctor said the drugs are so useful at saving lives that governments around the world should start prescribing them to practically everyone .
Another said that tens of millions of adults should now be put on what he called " statin therapy . "
( It 'snow , folks , not medicine ! )
Not to be outdone , a third doctor suggested the drugs be dripped into the public water supply in order to dose ( Fluoridation is n't enough , it seems .
Now they want to drip drugs into the water supply .
Do n't they realize the water supply iscontaminated with pharmaceuticals ? )
The AMA convention was so heated with the proclamations of the pharmaceutical faithful that an uninformed onlooker might have mistaken it for a Southern Baptist Revival event .
Except it was n't faith in God that was being praised here ; it wasto conquer nature and dominate human biology .
The new position of the pharmaceutical industry , you see , is that .
Human biology must now be " corrected " with " therapeutic doses " of these patented chemicals .
Oh , and do n't forget to leave your wallet at the door , too , because these drugs are n't free .
In fact , this USA Today article ( http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2008-11-... ) calculated that prescribing the statin drugs more widely in the USA would add $ 10 billion a year to the national debt .
Perhaps in an age where the Federal Reserve is secretly swindling the taxpayers for more than one trillion dollars , ten billion does n't seem like much .
But it comes out to $ 500,000 spent on these drugs for each life " saved " by statin drugs ... and that 's if you actually believe the study that was funded by AstraZeneca ( ... and you 'd have to be more than a bit gullible to swallow that junk science in the first place ) .
What 's " junk science " about the AstraZeneca study ?
For starters , the study was haltedbecause it was claimed the results were so positive for the control group that it would have been unethical to continue denying the same drugs to the placebo group .
Gee , who needs actual science anymore when you 've got so much faith in the safety of drugs that you do n't even need to actually ( Why even bother with the study at all ? )
Apparently , modern drug trials only need to show a hint of early success in order to be halted and declared an outrageous success .
But it 's no coincidence that the halting of the Crestor trial just happened to take placein the control group .
By halting the study , you see , what AstraZeneca cleverly did was cut off any possibility of side effects becoming apparent .
What kind of side effects ?
Muscle weakness , heart attacks , diabetes and death , to name just a few .
In fact , the study already documents a skyrocketing percentage of those taking the statin drug suddenly being afflicted with diabetes , but they stopped the study before they could really figure out why , and all the pro-drug physicians pushing this junk science agenda are dismissing the diabetes results as irrelevant .
Oh , I see .
Clinical trial results are only " relevant " when they support the desired outcome .
When they show problems , they 're dismissed as " irrelevant . "
And when a trial begins to show undesirable side effects , it 's simply halted and declared an outrageous success .
Like I said :
Why bother with actual science anymore ?
With a pre-decided agenda like the one applied to this study , the Scientific Method is a complete no -show .
Real science has been replaced withQuackery is alive and well in mainstream orthodox medicine .
But it 's not called quackery ; it 's called " evidence - based medicine .
" Just out of curiosity , let 's look at the evidence being touted by the proponents of this study , shall we ?
Depending on exactly how you crunch the numbers , the study shows that one heart " event " ( like a heart attack , stroke or death ) is avoided for everyput on the drug .
That means 79 people have no benefit from the drug whatsoever !
( If you believe the study , anyway . )
But 1 out of 80 is quite enough for the pro-drug pushers to proclaim statin drugs to be nothing less than a modern medical miracle .
If it were given to enough people , we 'd save a whole bunch of lives , we 're told .
And the $ 10 billion in government expenditures is worth it !
Conventional docs are n't very good at math , by the way .
All the hype about this particular study proves it :
If $ 500,000 worth of Crestor can save one life , might there be a less expensive way to save that same life ?
Let 's see ...
The amazing nutrient resveratrol could be given to the same number of people for a fraction of the cost : About $ 5,000 by my estimation .
That 's 1/100th the cost .
B vitamins could also be provided at extremely low cost , and they are well known to prevent heart attacks and strokes .
In fact , the list of nutritional supplements that could safely and cost effectively prevent heart attacks is quite staggering : Magnesium , omega - 3 supplements , juniper berry extracts , aged garlic extracts , red yeast rice , CoQ10 , cayenne pepper and many more .
In fact , once you become aware of all the natural supplements that can prevent heart attacks and strokes , you 'd have to be a complete fool to spend $ 500,000 to save just one life , especially when you could save 100 lives for the same ( or smaller ) investment in natural remedies .
Many of these are revealed in the book , by Dr. Decker Weiss , by the way ( http://www.truthpublishing.com/weissmethod_p... ) .
Note , curiously , that no conventional docs are promoting any of these natural heart remedies , even though any honest assessment of their medical merits would reveal them to be .
Even more importantly , these natural supplements do n't destroy your health and cause nutritional deficiencies like statin drugs do .
They wo n't kill you and they wo n't contaminate the environment with yet more pharmaceuticals flushed down the toilet .
None of this appears to be of interest to the American Medical Association and its faithful cohorts ..
Helping health consumers save money while they 're saving lives is n't even on the list of priorities .
Instead , the modern institution of medicine operates like a cult , and the believers of this cult have been programmed to ignore any evidence that contradicts their existing beliefs .
Pharmaceutical medicine is the one truth , the one god that they worship , oblivious to the real world passing them by , where superfoods , herbs and nutritional supplements have already made pharmaceuticals virtually obsolete .
The honest benefits of natural remedies dwarf the " miraculous " study results achieved by modern medicine 's dishonest researchers who twist and manipulate clinical trials until they can wring out the numbers they plotted to engineer before the study even started .
But it 's not enough to fabricate the science and try to make your own drugs look better than they really are :
Many members of the Cult of Pharmacology are busy applying the same junk science agenda to their discrediting of natural remedies .
Almost every week , we read about yet another vitamin or supplement being " proven " worthless in the mainstream media .
Vitamin E is a favorite target of the Big Pharma cultists , because they can deviously select ( as they always do ) for their studies and avoid using the natural vitamin E that actually works .
Once the study results produce the anti-vitamin results they 're looking for , they pronounce things like , " Vitamin E kills people ! " and other similar nonsense ( which the mainstream media faithfully reprints ) .
Yes , to hear it from the Pharmacult faithful , the human body is deficient in medications , but somehow incompatible with nutritional supplements .
This is the official position of the FDA , the AMA , the brainwashed physicians and the med schools that teach this bunk : Nutrition has no benefit in the human body and supplements have no effects other than damaging the human body .
Yet pharmaceuticals fulfill ain human biology that 's been present since birth .
Human beings are born deficient ( sorta like being " born into sin " ) and must be " saved " with the quack medicines of the pharmacological cult .
It 's an obvious point , but I 'll mention it just in case :
This cult is extremely dangerous to the safety of our citizens .
By its own admission , it is responsible for the death of 783,000 Americans each year ( called " iatrogenic deaths " ) , and their drugs alone kill at least 100,000 American citizens annually .
And yet the Cult of Pharmacology , like all whacky cults , thinks it needs to spread and " convert " everyone to its medicines ( Kool - Aid , anyone ? ) so that all Americans are members of the cult , sucking down statin drugs , fluoride , antidepressants , vaccines or whatever new chemical the cult demands we blindly swallow .
Oh , and these treatments are n't free , by the way .
This cult is run by corporations , and they want not only your loyalty and your mind ... they want your wallet , too !
Hand over your life savings , folks , for the privilege of being treated with what is claimed to be the best health care system in the world .
( Insert laughter here ... )
And now , the most dangerous era of the Cult of Pharmacology has begun :
The era of , where anyone refusing to join the cult by taking their medicines is considered a criminal .
It 's already happening in New Jersey , Maryland and Texas .
There , parents who say no to mandatory vaccinations risk being arrested at gunpoint and having their children stolen away from them by Child Protective Services .
In the UK just this week , a 13 - year - old girl who refused to undergo heart transplant surgery was told she would be forced to undergo the procedure , essentially at gunpoint , and her parents were threatened with arrest .
They took the case to court and had to win back their right to refuse the heart transplant procedure and a lifetime of expensive anti-rejection drugs that would only benefit -- surprise ! -- Big Pharma 's bottom line .
These are not fictions :
This is happening across the world right now .
Mandatory mental health " screening " programs have been proposed in the U.S. , and they would put tens of millions of teens and expectant mothers on dangerous psychotic drugs known to cause violent thoughts and suicidal behavior .
The Cult of Pharmacology , you see , is n't satisfied to merely have your wallet .
It 's not even enough to own your body .
What they want is .
They are on a dangerous religious crusade , and you are required to pledge your allegiance to the lab - coat - wearing gods of Pharmalot or you will be arrested , imprisoned and stripped of everything you value and love ( like your own children ) .
The next stage in this cultist expansion is , of course , by the citizenry .
If the drug company zealots can convince the U.S. government that statin drugs will save lives and somehow save it money on medical costs , we could soon see an effort to ( and perhaps even children ) .
Do n't think it could happen ?
Check your recent history on the situation with HPV vaccines .
Refusing the vaccines makes you a criminal in at least two states in the U.S. right now , and drug companies are pushing new laws to criminalize the rejection of vaccines across the entire nation .
Similarly , fluoridation laws subject the entire population to toxic fluoridation chemicals ( which in no way resemble actual mineral fluoride , by the way ) , and even though rejecting fluoridated water is not yet a crime , I 've met many dentists who think it should be .
There 's little doubt that if the drug companies get their way , medicating yourself and your children with statin drugs , SSRIs or other hyped - up pharmaceuticals will no longer be optional :
It will be mandated .
And those who refuse will be rounded up and forcibly medicated .
It 's already happened : Readat https://www.naturalnews.com/022267.html
It 's important to realize that all government mandates are essentially .
Even paying your vehicle license plate taxes is fundamentally enforced at gunpoint .
If you do n't believe me , just drive around with expired license plate tags for long enough , and sooner or later an armed officer of the State will stop your vehicle and threaten you with arrest if you do n't pay money to the State .
That officer is an extension of the power of the State , and his own personal power is enforced by the firearm carried at his side .
( If you do n't believe me , just ask the officer if he will leave his firearm in his own car , and see what he says ... )
Many of Big Pharma 's cultist doctors now believe that same power of enforcement at the end of a gun should be aimed at parents and their health decisions .
Parents who , through the intelligent acquisition of knowledge about natural therapies , consciously choose non-conventional medical therapies for their children should be arrested , locked away and stripped of their own children , say these doctors .
They are not fit to be parents if they will not medicate them with over 100 different vaccines , the doctors claim .
The drug companies agree with them , too .
How dare parents refuse to put their kids on chemotherapy , vaccines , or antidepressant drugs ?
It 's downright un -American !
The upshot of all this is the growing power of athat might be more accurately called .
Under Big Pharma 's medical Marxist regime , natural remedies will be outlawed , physicians will be indoctrinated with the propaganda of the state , and those who resist will be sent to the gulag .
Do n't think it could happen ?
in America .
The FDA has outlawed many natural remedies , physicians have already been brainwashed into drug- pushing automatons , and parents who have resisted conventional medical therapies for their children are being routinely arrested at gunpoint , imprisoned and separated from their families .
We are dealing with theandSee my articles on : How can you fight back against this accelerating encroachment on your health freedoms ?
How can we save America fromand the tyranny of mandatory medicine ?
We mustby taking aggressive action to arrest and prosecute the white - collar criminals running this system .
Those who need to be arrested include top FDA bureaucrats , top Big Pharma CEOs , certain physicians ( especially psychiatric doctors who are drugging children ) and all the lawyers , researchers and enablers who have made this chemical holocaust possible .
I disagree with others on the ' net who have said these people need to be dragged away from their desks by angry mobs and dealt with in a way that resorts to violence .
Although this has ( sadly ) happened before in violent cultural revolutions , as a promoter of non-violent solutions , I believe a much more sane option would be to arrest these people and grant them immunity for their crimes in exchange for their full testimony about their involvement in this criminal racket .
Strip them of their power , hold a series of " medical truth accords " and document the crimes against humanity that have been committed by this tyrannical medical system .
In doing so , we will help protect future generations from pursuing the same destructive path of allowing for - profit corporations to dominate medicine :
It 's regulations , laws and so - called science .
Ultimately , we mustby putting a stop to the era of medical Marxism that has devastated the health of our nation for nearly a century .
We need a complete repeal of all pro-Pharma legislation , the ending of pharmaceutical advertisements , the abolition of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as we know it , the shutting down of medical schools that ensnare physicians in the Cult of Pharmacology and the shuttering of medical journals that have been bought off by drug company money .
In 2009 , I will be personally organizing an international petition that calls for the restoration of health freedoms and the ending of medical violence against human beings .
If you wish to join me in supporting this petition , subscribe now to the NaturalNews.com e-mail newsletter , and you 'll be alerted when this petition effort is launched .
We are fighting for nothing less than the freedom of future generations of Americans and world citizens .
To stand by and do nothing will result in the complete destruction of the few health freedoms you have remaining .
It wo n't be long before Big Pharma , the FDA and the corporate - sponsored crooks in Washington attempt to ban alternative health information on the internet , and at that point , your ability to access independent , accurate information like the article you 're reading right now will be completed stopped .
The USA will become China , but without the Chinese medicine , and if that happens , I fear that the inevitable popular backlash will erupt into a bloody revolution against the oppressors will costs many lives on both sides of the issue .
( I will personally have no part in that , since I abhor violence against people , even those who probably deserve it . ) This dangerous turn of events can be avoided now by ending medical oppression and arresting those responsible for this century of medical despair that has haunted western civilization ( and led to the suffering and death of countless millions who were harmed by medical quackery ) .
The cancer industry , in particular , has committed crimes against human beings of such magnitude that it legitimately compares to the great Holocaust of World War II .
It has suppressed known cancer cures since the 1920's and continues to outlaw natural cancer treatments to this day , resulting in the needless deaths of millions .
Do not forget that we are dealing with violent , insane criminals in the pharmaceutical industry .
They have killed so many millions of people for so long with their dangerous medications that they now consider it routine .
This week , Big Pharma lawyers are arguing before the U.S. Supreme Court that the industry should be granted blanket immunity against ALL claims of harm ( or death ) resulting from their dangerous medications .
If the Supreme Court decides in favor of Big Pharma , it will , in effect , by an industry that will then operate above the law .
These recent developments on statin drugs and the push towith dangerous drugs is but one sign of the violent radicalization of the medical industry .
Armed with their vaccine mandates , their statin drugs in the water supply , their Supreme Court immunity and the armed enforcement of medication by state officers , Big Pharma will have morphed into a dark institution of such immense power and destruction that it could dwarf the mass murder committed by Lenin , Stalin , Hitler , Pol Pot or Mao .
It will be an institution of immense evil that transcends the boundaries of mere medicine and dominates the realms of politics , media and pop culture .
( Some say it has already achieved that goal ) .
When young rock stars like the Jonas Brothers are pushing diabetes products , and once - respected authors like Stephen Covey are writing books that push diabetes medications as a form of self improvement , you have to wonder just how deeply the culture has already been infected by Big Pharma 's cultist agenda .
Without question , we are up against a beastly , devious juggernaut that will distort science , warp laws and regulations and even kill its own customers in its quest for power and profits .
That so few people are aware this is happening is deeply worrisome , for many of the people who might have been able to stand up against the Big Pharma cultist agenda are already drugged beyond recovery .
The very minds that could have contributed to the abolishment of this medical holocaust have already fallen victim to it .
Big Pharma 's cultist agenda is spreading through the population like a raging infectious disease pandemic , destroying people 's minds and racking up the body bags in a pile so large that if it were collected in one place , it would make the deaths of 9/11 look tiny by comparison .
Remember , this is nothing less than a war against human beings , against , and we have all been targeted for medication .
I must ask the obvious ethical question that 's bound to crop up in all this :
If a gun-toting law enforcement officer marches into your home at the request of a doctor and threatens to kidnap your child , inject her with dangerous chemicals and throw you in prison for resisting , what is theself defense response ?
Virtually every member of the law enforcement community ( and I know several ) would agree that the appropriate response for dealing with an armed intruder who intends to harm you and your children is to pump them full of lead and call 911 ( in that order ) .
That the intruder is dressed in the uniforms of the State may not make any difference to an armed parent acting out of their own self preservation .
Sooner or later , someone is likely to pull the trigger out of self defense , and Child Protective Service employees may find themselves in the line of fire from a popular backlash against the medical violence now aimed at our children .
Although I do not condone this behavior , I believe we will soon see this exact scenario argued in the courts .
Some parent of a teenage child will invoke their perceived right of self defense by shooting back at those attempting to kidnap them and subject them to violent medical treatments like chemotherapy or radiation therapy .
An informed jury could very well decide in favor of the parent .
Why ?
Because they might recognize that every parent has the right to defend themselves and their family members against an imminent threat of violence against their children , even if that threat is veiled in the language of " medicine .
" Again , I want to emphasize that in no way do I condone the use of violence to resolve problems , and if I found myself in such a scenario , I would default to the power of the courts ( and public opinion ) to resolve the situation rather than using destructive instruments like firearms .
But I predictwill eventually bring this exact scenario to the forefront , and the medical system is going to have to deal with the very real possibility of an armed response to the threat of medical violence against innocent children .
After all , if the medical system does n't want people to respond with firearms , they should n't bring firearms to the scene in the first place .
And besides , how bad does a system of medicine have to be that it must enforced at gunpoint anyway ?
Jeesh .
This nation needs to lay off the tyranny , put down the guns and just let parents live in peace , you know ?
Medicine is a CHOICE , not a mandate .
If a parent wants to say no to vaccines , or chemotherapy , or a heart transplant , that 's their natural right .
Leave the threat of violence out of it , and let parents make their own informed decisions about health care .
After all , I could argue that vaccines are dangerous for children , and any parent allowing their child to be injected with vaccines is an unfit parent .
But it 's not within my right to grab a 9 mm Glock and run around the neighborhood kidnapping those children at gunpoint and arresting those parents , is it ?
Yet that 's exactly what the medical system is doing today to those parents who side with natural or alternative treatments . , especially in a nation that loudly claims to be a " free country .
" Besides , whatever happened to " First , do no harm ? "
Pressure mounts on President - elect Barack Obama to dump Defense Secretary Robert Gates and replace him with a more strident anti-war voice .
Anti-war camp wants Gates out
Arms control advocates and anti-war activists are ratcheting up pressure on President - elect Barack Obama to dump Defense Secretary Robert Gates and replace him with a more strident anti-war voice .
Nominating Gates to stay , “ would be a violation of the mandate for change that Obama says he represents , ” said Medea Benjamin , cofounder of the anti-war group CodePink .
Advertisement
A better bipartisan fit for Obama , they say , is Sen. Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb . ) , who brings out what they like about Gates – his ability to deal with Russia , Iran and Syria – without the direct link to Bush ’s policies .
“ That would be an unmistakable sign from the Obama camp that they really are nonpartisan , ” said Justin Raimondo , editorial director of Antiwar.com .
“ He would be great . ”
The pressure comes as momentum appears to be gaining for those who support keeping Gates to remain at the helm of the Pentagon , at least for a transitional period .
Moderate Democrats in Congress , including Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada , support the idea .
But when Rep. Adam B. Schiff ( D - Calif. ) promoted Gates appointment in a closed door meeting with Obama and House Democrats several months ago , he was booed by his colleagues .
“ Senator Obama has talked about having a Cabinet of rivals along the lines of [ Abraham ] Lincoln , people who will not be intimidated to express a contrary view .
He ’s talked about the need to have a Cabinet that ’s not an echo chamber , reflecting his own opinion . ”
Schiff said , adding Gates could bring such perspective to a young president ’s inner circle , one that he may not have now .
Opposition to Gates stems from both politics and policy .
Many Democrats believe Obama needs to send a clear signal to anti-war advocates , an early base of support for his candidacy , that he will keep his promise to bring troops home from Iraq in a prudent and speedy fashion .
Lingering questions also remain about Gates ’ role in the Iran Contra scandal , when he was in the top ranks of the CIA .
Others suggest that Obama must appoint a Democrat so the party can shore up its national security credentials with voters .
Among those being touted for the position are Sen. Jack Reed ( D - R.I. ) , an Army veteran who traveled with Obama during his summer tour of Iraq , Afghanistan and the Middle East .
“ The only reason Barack Obama is president today , the main reason Obama is president - elect , is because of his opposition to the war in Iraq , ” and Gates , a former intelligence officer and Cold Warrior , was brought in to fix the war , not end it , a defense industry official said , adding , “ He is so far outside the box of what Democrats want . ”
The scenario most often floated by those closely watching Obama ’s emerging defense team is this : Gates would remain at the Pentagon for six months to a year .
Former Navy Secretary Richard Danzig , or another Obama candidate , would be nominated as Gates ’ deputy , who would take control of the Pentagon after Gates ’ departure .
Danzig ’s spokeswoman declined to comment , saying only that anyone who says they ’re certain about Obama ’s choice does n’t know the real story .
Gates exacerbated the opposition to his retention with a recent speech at the Carnegie Foundation in which he staked out a position that made it hard for arms control advocates to back the notion of keeping him around .
Congress last year pulled funding from studies to create a Reliable Replacement Warhead program , which would reduce and replace aging nuclear warheads in the nation ’s arsenal .
During the speech , Gates said the cut was misguided .
“ The reason , I believe , lies in a deep - seated and quite justifiable aversion to nuclear weapons , in doing anything that might be perceived as lowering the threshold for using them or as creating new nuclear capabilities , ” Gates said .
“ Let me be clear :
The program we propose is not about new capabilities – suitcase bombs or bunker busters or tactical nukes .
It is about safety , security and reliability . ”
Daryl Kimball , the president of the Arms Control Association , said that vision is out of step with the vision Obama outlined during his campaign .
“ Gates ’ speech represented a full - throated defense of [ President ]
Bush ’s nuclear weapons programs over the last eight years , ” Kimball said .
“ I find it hard to imagine Robert Gates faithfully pursuing the nuclear weapons policy vision that Senator Obama has outlined . ”
John Bresnahan contributed to this story .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Turley : ' GOP challenges look like suppression ' David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday October 18 , 2008
Print This Email This The McCain campaign 's allegations of voter fraud " look like " an attempt to suppress voting in battleground states , said a professor of George Washington University .
Professor Jonathan
Turley said there is an " uncanny similarity in term of timing , " drawing a comparison with voting scandals shortly before the previous two presidential elections .
" I think it is fair to say that some of these challenges do look like suppression efforts , " Turley said in an interview on MSNBC .
" So I think there is really grounds to be concerned here . "
The allegations of voter fraud made by the McCain campaign about ACORN and Sen .
Obama 's alleged connections to it sound similar to another scandal during President Bush 's administration , said Robert Bauer , a lawyer or the Obama campaign .
" This is an astonishing repeat of the kind of toxic intrusion of politics into the lawful administration of justice that we saw during the U.S. attorney scandal , " Bauer said .
" We 're seeing a repeat of that . "
The Obama campaign asked Friday for a federal investigation into whether the Bush administration and the McCain campaign have been illegally working together to spread " unsupported , spurious allegations of voter fraud . "
The campaign 's attorney wrote the request to Attorney General Michael Mukasey after learning from an Associated Press report that the FBI is investigating the controversial organization ACORN , Bloomberg reported .
In Wednesday 's final presidential debate , McCain insinuated that Obama is involved with the organization and claimed it is attempting to sway the November election .
" We need to know the full extent of Sen .
Obama 's relationship with ACORN , who is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating maybe one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy , " McCain said .
Democrats and Barack Obama have attacked the controversy as ridiculous political mudslinging , the Associated Press reported .
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , known as ACORN , has championed liberal causes since 1970 .
This year , ACORN hired more than 13,000 part - time workers and sent them out in 21 states to sign up voters in minority and poor neighborhoods .
MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow suggested the McCain campaign 's allegations are an attempt to reduce the turnout of newly registered voters , most of whom are Democrats .
" To keep turnout low , prevent votes from being counted and scare voters into thinking there are massive voting shenanigans and that their vote wo n't count anyway , " Maddow said .
The MSNBC host cited a comment from Steve Schmidt , McCains chief strategist as an implication of their plan .
" The scenario for winning for us is a narrow - victory scenario , " Schmidt said in an interview with The New York Times .
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast October 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Every day , I am assaulted by something that amazes me and makes me say to myself , ‘ Well I guess I have seen it all now ’ , only for it to be outdone and replaced the very next day by something even more outrageous .
Politics can do that to people .
Power and the opportunity to play on the ‘ big field ’ is like a drug that makes people do crazy things , things that defy reason , logic , and sometimes decency .
Take for example the most recent article by Arab American Institute James Zogby in his defense of President Elect Barak Obama ’s decision to appoint Rahm Emmanuel as White House Chief of Staff .
In his piece entitled “ Rahm Emanuel and Arab Perceptions ” he writes “ The emails and calls to my office were both troubled and troubling because much of the reaction was based on misinformation ” .
The “ misinformation ’ in this case dealt with Rahm Emanuel , the “ brilliant strategist ” as he puts it and his many “ proven ” political skills which led to him being “ tapped ” by Obama .
No more no less .
That is , as Jim calls it , “ First , the facts . ” I just wonder if Rahm ’s ‘ proven politics ’ is also what dragged Obama to AIPAC ’s conference this past summer to deliver that infamous shameful speech , as well as the meeting afterwards with the board of AIPAC where he was accompanied by Rahm Emanuel .
I do n’t think Rahm being born to an Israeli parent who once ran guns for the Irgun Terrorist Organization , his faith as a devout Jew or his being a staunch supporter of Israel had “ nothing ” to do with his appointment as the conventional wisdom would like us to believe .
Of course not , it is his ‘ brilliancy ’ that got him there .
“ Its that simple ” says the spokesman for the Arab - American community Jim Zogby .
Maybe Arabs lack thinking brains to be in positions of power .
Ok , Emanuel maybe not be an Israeli Citizen , even though many American Jews in high power position are dual citizens .
One such is Douglas Feith , who ran the Office of Special Plans at the Pentagon , and who concocted the ‘ Yellow Cake ’ theory giving George Bush the ammo he needed to invade an Arab country .
Another one coming to mind is Michael Chertoff , our Director of Homeland Security whose father fought in the Bitar Brigade , a Jewish terrorist group during the Palestinian Holocaust which by the way , started way before the so - called ‘ Holocaust ’ of Europe and which continues to this very day .
No doubt the reader is inclined to call me an ‘ anti- Semite ’ despite the fact that there is more ‘ Semitism ’ in one of my eyelashes than there is in the whole of the Ashkenazi Jewish community throughout the world because I said the “ so called ”
Oh well , I guess I am one of those ‘ self - hating ’ Semites .
Jim goes on to defend Rahm ’s service in the Israeli Army saying : “ Emanuel volunteered for a few weeks , as a civilian , doing maintenance on Israeli vehicles . ”
Is he a mechanic ?
So , not only is he “ brilliant ” when it comes to politics , he is ‘ Rahm the Mechanic ’ as well .
Talk about a real Renaissance man .
Not only is Rahm “ brilliant ” in banking and finance , “ brilliant ” in the way he stabs a steak knife into a hardwood table repeatedly when talking about ‘ enemies ’ who must be dealt with , but “ brilliant ” with cars too , especially the ones used by Israel ’s military .
There is something so familiar between this and the whole “ Joe the Plumber ” business we heard so much about during the campaign .
Ok , let ’s get back to that then–
What vehicles Jim ?
What is a civilian volunteer in the Israeli Army ?
Did you know that there are no ‘ civilians ’ in Israel ?
If someone volunteers to go help a country at a time of war , one can safely assume he will be involved in some kind of a defense position .
Was he greasing up the Israeli Tanks before they took positions on the Northern border with Syria and Lebanon in 1991 ?
Or did he just write some nice love notes on Tank Shells ?
I am not sure , but this “ brilliant ” American found it necessary to go and join the Israeli Army - ok in a civilian capacity , god do n’t be so uptight on technicalities - but yet , he did not join the American Army fighting two wars .
It makes you wonder what country comes first in Rahm ’s mind .
Is he one of those Israel ’s Firsters bunch ?
As an aside ( although one of supreme importance ) what should be noted is that if Mr. Zogby–seeing his homeland of Lebanon being bombarded by Israel as it was in July 2006 – decided to don his US Passport and go to Lebanon in order to volunteer in protecting another country , he would be arrested upon re-entry into the US and charged with a whole assortment of crimes related to terrorism .
However , when it is a Zionist Jew doing so for Israel , he is offered the highest position in the president ’s cabinet and the rest of the world is not supposed to think anything of it .
Oh yes , this is the killer , I almost left it out .
Jim wrote : “ The truth is that Emanuel is an effective leader in Congress .
He is a strong supporter of Israel .
But then , how many members of Congress are not ? ”
Its no big deal , he is just one of the many in Washington who are supporters of Israel .
Well Jim you forgot one fundamental difference between “ Rahm the Mechanic ” and others , namely that the other members of congress prostitute themselves for power , influence and money , but they really do n’t get much enjoyment out of the deal .
On the contrary –just like prostitutes they want the ordeal to be over with ASAP because deep down they feel so ashamed of themselves seeing Palestinian children dying from Israeli bullets fired by Israeli settlers as well as Israel ’s imposed starvation and hunger on innocent people and they ca n’t do anything about it .
“ Rahm the Mechanic ” however , Mr. Jim Zogby , enjoys what he is doing for Israel .
His father , his family , and his “ mother country ” are proud of what he has become .
Israeli Newspapers said “ one of us in the White House . ”
He is doing it because he enjoys it .
The Arabs are the sworn enemies of Rahm ’s father and his last name is a reminder of that .
Emanuel actually is not the last name of the family they changed it when Rahm ’s uncle , Emanuel was killed by Arabs before the establishment of Israel , and the family changed their last name to , Emanuel .
Now do you understand why Palestinians , Arabs , Muslims , Christians , and all freedom - loving people around the World are disturbed by Rahm ’s appointment ?
Can you take your democratic hat off for a second and voice your concern about Rahm ?
Can you , Uncle Tom ?
I saw you turning the world upside down for a comment that John McCain did not make - even though , we made a big issue out of it - I for one made the biggest stink about it , but I did not see you doing the same when Rahm ’s father actually , and factually insulted ALL Arabs , dead , alive and yet to be born .
Thank God for Mary Oakar and the ADC who forced an apology out of Rahm for what his father had said about how his son will “ surely influence Obama ’s decisions on Israel ” while following it with the comment that “ he was n’t Arab ” and therefore will not be going to the White House to “ mop floors ” .
The funny thing in the whole episode is Rahm ’s apology , and especially when he said that the comment made by his dad did not “ reflect the way he was raised and did not reflect his family values ” .
That was his father who said it , the head of his family , the very same man one who ran guns to the Jewish terrorists to massacre the poor souls of Deir Yasin .
Dr. Hesham Tillawi , Ph.D
tillawi@aol.com
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
To be on this list , not only do you have to be a corporate villain , the actions of the corporation have to be really bad , in some cases criminal , others are labor abuses , workplace safety violators and many fall into the category of not having one shred of human decency .
These corporate scoundrels will do anything to have a large bottom line , no sacrifice is too low , even at the expense of human lives .
Here are the 10 Worst Corporations of 2008 and their misdeeds by Multinational Monitor :
AIG : Money for Nothing
There ’s surely no one party responsible for the ongoing global financial crisis .
But if you had to pick a single responsible corporation , there ’s a very strong case to make for American International Group ( AIG ) .
Why did AIG – primarily an insurance company powerhouse , with more than 100,000 employees around the world and $ 1 trillion in assets – require more than $ 100 billion ( $ 100 billion ! ) in government funds ?
The company ’s traditional insurance business continues to go strong , but its gigantic exposure to the world of “ credit default swaps ” left it teetering on the edge of bankruptcy .
Government officials then intervened , because they feared that an AIG bankruptcy would crash the world ’s financial system .
AIG ’s eventual problem was rooted in its entering a very risky business but treating it as safe .
First , AIG Financial Products , the small London - based unit handling credit default swaps , decided to insure “ collateralized debt obligations ” ( CDOs ) .
CDOs are pools of mortgage loans , but often only a portion of the underlying loans – perhaps involving the most risky part of each loan .
Ratings agencies graded many of these CDOs as highest quality , though subsequent events would show these ratings to have been profoundly flawed .
Based on the blue - chip ratings , AIG treated its insurance on the CDOs as low risk .
Then , because AIG was highly rated , it did not have to post collateral .
Through credit default swaps , AIG was basically collecting insurance premiums and assuming it would never pay out on a failure – let alone a collapse of the entire market it was insuring .
It was a scheme that could n’t be beat : money for nothing .
After the bailout , it emerged that AIG did not even know all of the CDOs it had ensured .
Cargill : Food Profiteers
The world ’s food system is broken .
Or , more accurately , the giant food companies and their allies in the U.S. and other rich country governments , and at the International Monetary Fund and World Bank , broke it .
Over the last three decades , the system was completely abandoned , in country after country .
It was replaced by a multinational - dominated , globally integrated food system , in which the World Bank and other institutions coerced countries into opening their markets to cheap food imports from rich countries and re-orienting their agricultural systems to grow food for rich consumers abroad .
Proponents said the new system was a “ free market ” approach , but in reality it traded one set of government interventions for another – a new set of rules that gave enhanced power to a handful of global grain trading companies like Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland , as well as to seed and fertilizer corporations .
The decline of developing country agriculture means that developing countries are dependent on the vagaries of the global market .
When prices spike – as they did in late 2007 and through the beginning of 2008 – countries and poor consumers are at the mercy of the global market and the giant trading companies that dominate it .
In the first quarter of 2008 , the price of rice in Asia doubled , and commodity prices overall rose 40 percent .
People in rich countries felt this pinch , but the problem was much more severe in the developing world .
Not only do consumers in poor countries have less money , they spend a much higher proportion of their household budget on food – often half or more – and they buy much less processed food , so commodity increases affect them much more directly .
In poor countries , higher prices do n’t just pinch , they mean people go hungry .
Food riots broke out around the world in early 2008 .
But not everyone was feeling pain .
For Cargill , spiking prices was an opportunity to get rich .
In the second quarter of 2008 , the company reported profits of more than $ 1 billion , with profits from continuing operations soaring 18 percent from the previous year .
Cargill ’s 2007 profits totaled more than $ 2.3 billion , up more than a third from 2006 .
Cargill exploited the volatile grain and food prices to make an unprecedented fortune while people were starving .
Chevron : “ We ca n’t let little countries screw around with big companies ”
The world has witnessed a stunning consolidation of the multinational oil companies over the last decade .
One of the big winners was Chevron .
It swallowed up Texaco and Unocal , among others .
It was happy to absorb their revenue streams .
It has been less willing to take responsibility for ecological and human rights abuses perpetrated by these companies .
One of the inherited legacies from Chevron ’s 2001 acquisition of Texaco is litigation in Ecuador over the company ’s alleged decimation of the Ecuadorian Amazon over a 20 - year period of operation .
In 1993 , 30,000 indigenous Ecuadorians filed a class action suit in U.S. courts , alleging that Texaco had poisoned the land where they live and the waterways on which they rely , allowing billions of gallons of oil to spill and leaving hundreds of waste pits unlined and uncovered .
They sought billions in compensation for the harm to their land and livelihood , and for alleged health harms .
The Ecuadorians and their lawyers filed the case in U.S. courts because U.S. courts have more capacity to handle complex litigation , and procedures ( including jury trials ) that offer plaintiffs a better chance to challenge big corporations .
Texaco , and later Chevron , deployed massive legal resources to defeat the lawsuit .
Ultimately , a Chevron legal maneuver prevailed : At Chevron ’s instigation , U.S. courts held that the case should be litigated in Ecuador , closer to where the alleged harms occurred .
Having argued vociferously that Ecuadorian courts were fair and impartial , Chevron is now unhappy with how the litigation has proceeded in that country .
So unhappy , in fact , that it is lobbying the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to impose trade sanctions on Ecuador if the Ecuadorian government does not make the case go away .
“ We ca n’t let little countries screw around with big companies like this – companies that have made big investments around the world , ” a Chevron lobbyist said to Newsweek in August .
( Chevron subsequently stated that “ the comments attributed to an unnamed lobbyist working for Chevron do not reflect our company ’s views regarding the Ecuador case .
They were not approved by the company and will not be tolerated . ” )
Constellation Energy : Nuclear Operators
Although it is too dangerous , too expensive and too centralized to make sense as an energy source , nuclear power wo n’t go away , thanks to equipment makers and utilities that find ways to make the public pay and pay .
Case in point : Constellation Energy Group , the operator of the Calvert Cliffs nuclear plant in Maryland .
When Maryland deregulated its electricity market in 1999 , Constellation – like other energy generators in other states – was able to cut a deal to recover its “ stranded costs ” and nuclear decommissioning fees .
The idea was that competition would bring multiple suppliers into the market , and these new competitors would have an unfair advantage over old - time monopoly suppliers .
Those former monopolists , the argument went , had built expensive nuclear reactors with the approval of state regulators , and it would be unfair if they could not charge consumers to recover their costs .
It would also be unfair , according to this line of reasoning , if the former monopolists were unable to recover the costs of decommissioning nuclear facilities .
Building nuclear plants is extraordinarily expensive ( Constellation ’s planned construction is estimated at $ 9.6 billion ) and takes a long time ; construction plans face massive political risks ; and the value of electric utilities is small relative to the huge costs of nuclear construction .
For banks and investors , this amounts to too much uncertainty – but if the government guarantees loans will be paid back , then there ’s no risk .
Or , stated better , the risk is absorbed entirely by the public .
That ’s the financial risk .
The nuclear safety risk is always absorbed , involuntarily , by the public .
CNPC : Fueling Violence in Darfur
Many of the world ’s most brutal regimes have a common characteristic :
Although subject to economic sanctions and politically isolated , they are able to maintain power thanks to multinational oil company enablers .
Case in point : Sudan , and the Chinese National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) .
In July , International Criminal Court ( ICC ) Prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo charged the President of Sudan , Omar Hassan Ahmad Al Bashir , with committing genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes .
The charges claim that Al Bashir is the mastermind of crimes against ethnic groups in Darfur , aimed at removing the black population from Sudan .
Sudanese armed forces and government - authorized militias known as the Janjaweed have carried out massive attacks against the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa communities of Darfur , according to the ICC allegations .
Following bombing raids , “ ground forces would then enter the village or town and attack civilian inhabitants .
They kill men , children , elderly , women ; they subject women and girls to massive rapes .
They burn and loot the villages . ”
The ICC says 35,000 people have been killed and 2.7 million displaced .
There are other nefarious components of the CNPC relationship with the Sudanese government .
China ships substantial amounts of small arms to Sudan and has helped Sudan build its own small arms factories .
China has also worked at the United Nations to undermine more effective multilateral action to protect Darfur .
Human rights organizations charge a key Chinese motivation is to lubricate its relationship with the Khartoum government so the oil continues to flow .
Dole : The Sour Taste of Pineapple
Starting in 1988 , the Philippines undertook what was to be a bold initiative to redress the historically high concentration of land ownership that has impoverished millions of rural Filipinos and undermined the country ’s development .
The Comprehensive Agricultural Reform Program ( CARP ) promised to deliver land to the landless .
It did n’t work out that way .
Plantation owners helped draft the law and invented ways to circumvent its purported purpose .
Dole pineapple workers are among those paying the price .
“ Through its dealings with these cooperatives , ” ILRF found , Dole and Del Monte , ( the world ’s other leading pineapple grower ) “ have been able to take advantage of a number of worker abuses .
Dole has outsourced its labor force to contract labor and replaced its full - time regular employment system that existed before CARP . ”
Dole employs 12,000 contract workers .
Meanwhile , from 1989 to 1998 , Dole reduced its regular workforce by 3,500 .
Concludes Bama Atheya , executive director of ILRF , “ In both Costa Rica and the Philippines , Dole has deliberately obstructed workers ’ right to organize , has failed to pay a living wage and has polluted workers ’ communities . ”
GE : Creative Accounting
General Electric ( GE ) has appeared on Multinational Monitor ’s annual 10 Worst Corporations list for defense contractor fraud , labor rights abuses , toxic and radioactive pollution , manufacturing nuclear weaponry , workplace safety violations and media conflicts of interest ( GE owns television network NBC ) .
This year , the company returns to the list for new reasons : alleged tax cheating and the firing of a whistleblower .
In June , former New York Times reporter David Cay Johnston reported on internal GE documents that appeared to show the company had engaged in long - running effort to evade taxes in Brazil .
In a lengthy report in Tax Notes International , Johnston cited a GE subsidiary manager ’s powerpoint presentation that showed “ suspicious ” invoices as “ an indication of possible tax evasion . ”
The invoices showed suspiciously high sales volume for lighting equipment in lightly populated Amazon regions of the country .
These sales would avoid higher value added taxes ( VAT ) in urban states , where sales would be expected to be greater .
Imperial Sugar : 13 Dead
On February 7 , an explosion rocked the Imperial Sugar refinery in Port Wentworth , Georgia , near Savannah .
Tony Holmes , a forklift operator at the plant , was in the break room when the blast occurred .
“ I heard the explosion , ” he told the Savannah Morning News .
“ The building shook , and the lights went out .
I thought the roof was falling in . … I saw people running .
I saw some horrific injuries .
…
People had clothes burning .
Their skin was hanging off .
Some were bleeding . ”
Days later , when the fire was finally extinguished and search - and - rescue operations completed , the horrible human toll was finally known : 13 dead , dozens badly burned and injured .
As with almost every industrial disaster , it turns out the tragedy was preventable .
The cause was accumulated sugar dust , which like other forms of dust , is highly combustible .
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) , the government workplace safety regulator , had not visited Imperial Sugar ’s Port Wentworth facility since 2000 .
When inspectors examined the blast site after the fact , they found rampant violations of the agency ’s already inadequate standards .
They proposed a more than $ 5 million fine , and issuance of citations for 61 egregious willful violations , eight willful violations and 51 serious violations .
Under OSHA ’s rules , a “ serious ” citation is issued when death or serious physical harm is likely to occur , a “ willful ” violation is a violation committed with plain indifference to employee safety and health , and “ egregious ” citations are issued for particularly flagrant violations .
Philip Morris International : Unshackled
The old Philip Morris no longer exists .
In March , the company formally divided itself into two separate entities : Philip Morris USA , which remains a part of the parent company Altria , and Philip Morris International .
Philip Morris USA sells Marlboro and other cigarettes in the United States .
Philip Morris International tramples over the rest of the world .
The world is just starting to come to grips with a Philip Morris International even more predatory in pushing its toxic products worldwide .
The new Philip Morris International is unconstrained by public opinion in the United States – the home country and largest market of the old , unified Philip Morris - and will no longer fear lawsuits in the United States .
One of the great industry deceptions over the last several decades is selling cigarettes called “ lights ” ( as in Marlboro Lights ) , “ low ” or “ mild ” – all designed to deceive smokers into thinking they are safer .
The Framework Convention on Tobacco Control says these inherently misleading terms should be barred .
Like other companies in this regard , Philip Morris has been moving to replace the names with color coding – aiming to convey the same ideas , without the now - controversial terms .
Roche : Saving Lives is Not Our Business
Monopoly control over life - saving medicines gives enormous power to drug companies .
And , to paraphrase Lord Acton , enormous power corrupts enormously .
The Swiss company Roche makes a range of HIV - related drugs .
One of them is enfuvirtid , sold under the brand - name Fuzeon .
Fuzeon is the first of a new class of AIDS drugs , working through a novel mechanism .
It is primarily used as a “ salvage ” therapy – a treatment for people for whom other therapies no longer work .
Fuzeon brought in $ 266 million to Roche in 2007 , though sales are declining .
Roche charges $ 25,000 a year for Fuzeon .
It does not offer a discount price for developing countries .
Like most industrialized countries , Korea maintains a form of price controls – the national health insurance program sets prices for medicines .
The Ministry of Health , Welfare and Family Affairs listed Fuzeon at $ 18,000 a year .
Korea ’s per capita income is roughly half that of the United States .
Instead of providing Fuzeon , for a profit , at Korea ’s listed level , Roche refuses to make the drug available in Korea .
The head of Roche Korea was reportedly less diplomatic .
According to Korean activists , he told them , “ We are not in business to save lives , but to make money .
Saving lives is not our business . ”
Robert Weissman did an outstanding job compiling this extensive list of miscreants .
For the full unedited list of all the misdeeds , here is the link .
Your veggie nerd friends will gawk and awe over this deelish burger with a sense of humor .
Remember all those childhood summers spent playing the NES indoors when it got too hot outside ?
Summer vacation , BBQs , and the NES .
Ah ... Those were the days .
When I cook dinner for my friends , I tend to put as much attention to the vegetarian dishes as the meat ones .
Why not dress up the veggie burgers to make your guests feel special and have a spiffy time at your barbecue ?
This instructable was inspired by Barry Rosenstein 's The Red Fez Burger from Build a Better Burger Challenge from the Food Network a few years ago .
He colored his top bun red to look like a fez to reflect a Moroccan theme .
I thought that was the coolest frakkin ' thing ever .
For this instructable , I made my own veggie mushroom patties .
They taste like okonomiyaki so it has like a soft fritter / pancake / omelet texture .
Okonomiyaki is a Japanese household savory pancake dish where vegetables , meat , and noodles are all mixed together in a pancake batter and placed on a griddle , then topped off with a special soy - based sauce .
Feel free to change according to your taste : Boca burger , Gardenburger , meat patties , or just a slab of meat ... unless you are Bowser , who desperately needs to cut down his meat intake if he wants to be in good princess - kidnapper shape .
Makes 4 burgers
INGREDIENTS FOR THE PATTY :
half of one white onion
2 large portabello mushroom caps ( or 6 - 8 ounces of whatever mushroom you like )
1 tsp. of kosher salt
1 egg
1 tbs. of pancake mix
1 tsp. of minced garlic
black ground pepper to taste
INGREDIENTS FOR THE FIXIN'S :
4 large slices of mozzarella cheese
1 tomato , sliced at least quarter inch thick at room temperature
4 spoonfuls of pesto
* optional : mayonnaise ( I personally hate mayo , but it 's like crack to some people
INGREDIENTS FOR THE BUNS
4 *very round * rustic crusty buns .
The type I decided to go with are my favorite whole wheat kind .
1/2 tsp. green food coloring
1 tsp. of water
4 large slices of mozzarella cheese for the circle decoration
* optional : I also tried this recipe with basil juice instead of the food coloring in attempt to be more " natural . "
The green looked good but it made the burger WAY TOO PUNGENT .
Whew !
TPM Reader SS : “ If Sarah Palin ’s $ 150,000 wardrobe had a life of its own , it would get a tax cut from a President Obama . ”
by Daoud Kuttab
It seems like an appropriate enough cartoon .
The depiction of the president elect Barack Obama with the US flag behind him and the bubble quoting Obama as saying the change has come to Washington .
Looking up to the Obama depiction was an excited Egyptian woman congratulating the African American senator , reminding him not to forget that people around the world have been hoping and praying for his success .
This was followed by the Arabic phrase : ‘ uqbal inna meaning may the same [ change ] happen to us .
According to the opposition weekly Sawt al Umma , the cartoon appearing in a major Egyptian daily caused an emergency among the Egyptian leadership .
The weekly stated that 150,000 copies of the paper ’s first edition were quickly removed from the streets and destroyed and the ‘ troublesome ’ phrase disappeared from future prints that day .
The before and after cartoon depiction appeared in Sawt al Umma .
http://www.shobiklobik.com/forum/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=172011
This is certainly not the first time that a political cartoon has caused powers in our region to be worried about losing their powers .
But the paranoia of the Mubarak regime is a reflection of the concern by many Arab autocrats about the Obama euphoria empowering those calling for change .
Obama ’s victory on the change mantra was not lost to people around the world yearning for political reform .
Jordan ’s leading blogger Mohammad Omar ( www.mohomar.com) says that the victory of the son of a Kenyan immigrant gives minorities , immigrants and unrepresented groups hope .
Imagine a Palestinian who was born in Jordan fifty or sixty years ago and has tried very hard to be part of the political scene looking at the son of an immigrant in America being elected to the top executive position .
The winds of hope do n’t stop at the American shores , Omar insists .
The victory of the change candidate was especially noticed by Arab reformers who have been paying a price for daring to question the political status quo .
The case of one such political reformer , who is unjustly imprisoned , is Ayman Nour , an Egyptian constitutional lawyer and elected representative whose supporters insist has been suffering in jail for his political ambitions which included his challenge to the seemingly lifelong president of Egypt , Hosni Mubarak .
Nour , who is serving a five - year prison term on what his defenders say are trumped - up charges , namely , the forgery of signatures among the thousands submitted when he ran for president .
Ironically Egyptian law only requires fifty signatures .
Nour , a charismatic secular leader , came in second to Mubarak and far ahead of many well - known opposition figures .
After being officially nominated by the democratic party , Nour wrote to Barack Obama appealing for his help .
” The writer of these lines is a human being , about your age , who was — and still is — dreaming like you of change and reform in his country .
However , in our countries legitimate dreams turn into horrifying nightmares ! ! ” ( http://www.freeaymannour.org/call.htm)
Last week , and after Obama ’s stunning victory , Nour ’s supporters were trying to hold a public meeting of their party in Nour ’s law office when they were attacked by unknown individuals and the law offices were torched .
The local police and fire fighters were conspicuously slow in arriving .
The Egyptian government ’s overreaction is a sign of the concern that moderate pro-US Arab regimes fear as a result of the US elections and the de-escalation of the so called War on Terror .
As long as ideological Washington was engulfed in this war , repression of genuine democratic activities was ignored .
Arab leaders used their special alliance with the Bush Administration in the war on Islamic fundamentalists to act against all opponents including secular opposition like that of Ayman Nour .
Some of Nour ’s friends have been assuring his wife and family to be patient just until Obama takes over .
They are encouraging them that the Egyptian reformer ’s days in prison and isolation are numbered .
This sense of optimism is felt throughout the Middle East and North Africa .
Shortly after initiating the ill - conceived war on Iraq , the Bush Administration , led by its neocon officials , began a push for democracy in the larger Arab world .
This pro reform and democracy initiative did n’t receive wide support , including from Arab reformers and intellectuals .
They repeated the story of the birds needing to focus on the hunters fingers and not his tears .
Bush ’s wars , his approval of torture in Guantanemo and spying within America emptied the pro-reform rhetoric from its value .
Some of the same skeptics are now optimistic .
After seeing America at its best , there is a renewed sense of confidence in American - style democracy throughout the world .
However , this growing confidence about the possibility of political reform can turn into a disaster if change does in fact stay limited to the American shores .
If young reformers in the Arab region are again crushed after the change candidate takes power in Washington , their hopes for genuine reform in the Arab world will be set back for years , once again .
The most fascinating , most gruelling and most expensive US presidential election campaign for generations is almost over .
Whoever wins , says Justin Webb , the contest has left him wondering if any other political show could ever compete .
Three unforgettable moments ...
John McCain enjoys broad support among war veterans
The first with John McCain in a medium - sized hall somewhere in New Hampshire .
He is standing close to me when one of his military veteran buddies , wearing a cap with battle honours neatly stitched on the side , comes up to hug him .
The two elderly men , both tired and bleary - eyed , both their bodies past their best , held each other for a moment with genuine , unaffected love .
Love for who they are and what they represent : generations of Americans who have fought for what they believe is the most honourable nation on earth , a nation that is , at its heart , decent .
They were the country 's sword and it was not easy .
And because of that , the bond between Mr McCain and the vets is intense .
It defeats on every count the love of the college students for Obama , or the working mums for Hillary Clinton .
John McCain can look stiff and out of place when hugging his running mate .
Wow , he seems to be saying , what is all this about ?
He can even seem a tad distant with his wife , but with the vets he melts and it is an affecting spectacle .
It is - to use one of the buzzwords of the entire campaign - authentic .
Bowing out Hillary Clinton urged her supporters to back Obama
The second moment that will stay with me forever was the arrival of Hillary Clinton in the packed convention centre in Denver to make the formal declaration that her campaign was over , and Barack Obama had her support .
Dramatic is a weedy word - it was seismic , it was physical .
She came in at the same level at which the slaves and animals would have burst into public sight in a Roman amphitheatre .
There was no room for anyone to breathe , the noise was deafening .
She had to be propelled to the microphone , not because she was unwilling ( well , not openly ) but because of the crush .
Humanity - sweating people vying for control , for sovereignty , for dominance .
This was about power .
It was about having it , and losing it .
And as she left the hall , he had it and she had lost .
True revolution Seeing little black children gathered up into the arms of the secret service , surrounded by people who would die rather than let them die , is to see something that must truly make the racists of Americas past revolve in their graves
The third moment was also in Denver , but was outside the hall as I wandered lost , looking for the portable office we were calling home .
Suddenly , in front of me there is activity .
Men in grey suits are talking into their sleeves .
Huge , sleek cars are being revved .
Motorbikes are getting into formation .
It is not him , it is his family .
As the SUVs pass - including several with the doors and back windows open , men with large automatic weapons looking out with keen hard glares - I catch just a glimpse of the children , of 10 - year - old Malia and seven - year - old Sasha peering out .
I think their mother was sitting in the middle .
This is the true revolution .
There have been , after all , prominent black politicians for decades now , men and women afforded the full protection and respect that the nation can muster .
But seeing little black children gathered up into the arms of the secret service , surrounded by people who would die rather than let them die , is to see something that must truly make the racists of Americas past revolve in their graves .
Could the Obamas be the first , black " First Family " ?
I do not think Barack Obama will win or lose because of his race , but if he does win , the real moment you will know that America has changed is not when he takes the oath , but when we see pictures of tiny people padding along the White House corridors - a black First Family - representing America and American - ness .
True , Americans tire of their presidents , but in their early years they hold huge sway , they set the style .
Americans will look in the mirror , metaphorically speaking , and black faces will look back .
I wonder if the Obama children have ever asked the question : " Are we nearly there ? "
The answer , at last , is : Yes , we are nearly there .
Awaiting the decision
It has been quite a journey and it is worth remembering before being too sure about the result on Tuesday that it has been quite a journey , because of the bumps in the road that have thrown sturdy - looking vehicles off - course , some ending wheels - up in the ditch .
So , although most worldly - wise Republicans expect to lose and most Democrats expect to win , both sides will be short of breath over the next few hours as they hand the thing over to the millions of voters who still , as of this moment , have made no final , irrevocable decision .
At dinner with some mover and shaker Democrats the other day , one anguished guest turned to the others and cried : " Ca n't it just be over ? "
The tension as the votes are counted will be felt the world over .
In spite of all the loose talk of the decline of American influence , this is , once again , the greatest political show on earth .
To have watched it has been an honour .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 1 November , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The mother critically injured in a balcony collapse in the Brisbane suburb of Ascot yesterday has this morning lost her fight for life .
The woman , 48 , was in the intensive care unit of the Royal Brisbane Hospital when she passed away , a police spokesman said .
The balcony on the house in Upper Lancaster Road collapsed during an end of Year 12 mothers ' luncheon about 1 pm .
As many as 70 women were attending the annual function when the balcony plunged to the ground , injuring 25 people and trapping several .
Operating theatres were immediately placed on stand - by yesterday afternoon , ready to receive casualties , and intensive care beds were reserved for those requiring immediate and post - operative treatment , the spokeswoman said .
The collapsed balcony at the Ascot house .
Credit : Scott Casey .
Two other women were taken to the Princess Alexandra Hospital with serious injuries and 12 others described as " walking wounded " were taken to the Mater Hospital for observation and treatment .
Police , fire and ambulance crews which swarmed the scene this afternoon cordoned off Upper Lancaster Road and medicos set up a makeshift clinic underneath a tent on the front lawn of the replica Queenslander house to treat the injured .
by Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Today begins a new weekly feature here at GAS : Wednesday Geeky Pics !
Brought to you by the joys of Flickr and Creative Commons , this means a post filled of pictures on some new geek - related topic .
Remember that you can click on the link for the original Flickr page , which may include info about the photographer and links to more of their work .
Also , feel free to suggest topics for future Wednesdays !
And for our inaugural pic spam , I present to you … geeky cakes .
Star Trek :
Look how happy that tiny , edible Kirk looks !
I know just what he ’s thinking : “ Eat me . ”
Intellivision : for when you need your sugary goodness old school .
Super Mario : Just before Mario says “ I do , ” she rips the veil off and says , “ The princess is in another castle . ”
The Cake is a Lie ( Portal ) : I ’m making a note here –huge success .
Tower of Dells : I ’ve never been so tempted to chew on wires .
Stilbene Molecule : extra geek points for being completely non-obvious ( what , no sucrose molecule ? )
Code : sometimes simplest is best .
Fitts ’ Law : for modeling movement around the cake ?
And that ’s it for today !
There are obviously many , many geeky cakes out there .
Feel free to share your favorites !
An 86 - year - old Bellevue man disputes allegations that he was one of the Führer 's henchmen .
But he may not live to clear his name .
Accused Nazi war criminal Peter Egner says he ’s still waiting to hear specifics of the atrocities he is alleged to have committed in Yugoslavia during World War II .
Though Egner has been under U.S. scrutiny for five years , he thinks the government ’s attempt to revoke his citizenship is based solely on sketchy information he provided during a surprise early - morning visit by Justice Department lawyers to his Bellevue home last year .
But a more pressing question is whether the white - haired 86 - year - old widower will live long enough to resolve the accusations , which date to when Egner was a teenaged German security police officer in Belgrade .
“ He ’s quite sick , ” his attorney , Robert Gibbs of Seattle , said last week .
It turns out Egner was hospitalized for four days in mid-October for congestive heart disease and pneumonia , according to Gibbs .
“ These cases tend to run five , six , seven years , ” he notes , “ and I do n’t know if he ’s likely to live that long . ”
Justice officials in D.C. are n’t saying whether or not they believe Egner is seriously ill .
But either way , says Justice spokesperson Laura Sweeney , the denaturalization casewill proceed .
“ In most of these cases today , the person is obviously older because these are crimes from World War II , ” she says .
“ That does n’t at all diminish the acts that occurred . ”
In U.S. District Court in Seattle , Egner is seeking dismissal of the government ’s effort to send him back to what is now Serbia , possibly to stand trial .
Members of a Serbian government war - crimes unit recently reviewed Nazi documents stored in Germany for evidence of Egner ’s alleged participation in the Holocaust , but so far are n’t saying what they ’ve learned .
Should Egner be denaturalized , Vladimir Vukcevic , Serbia ’s chief war - crimes prosecutor , told the Associated Press , “ Absolutely , we will ask for his extradition .
That goes to prove that war crimes never fall under the statute of limitations . ”
Egner denies he was directly involved in what the Justice Department says was the mass murder of more than 17,000 Serbian Jews , Gypsies , and political dissidents by the Nazis ’ Security Police and Security Service ( SPSS ) during Egner ’s service from 1941 to 1943 .
Elizabeth
White , a deputy director and historian with the DOJ ’s Office of Special Investigations , says the SPSS at times operated a mobile death unit called the Einsatzgruppe .
More than 6,200 of the SPSS ’s victims from Belgrade ’s Semlin concentration camp died after being herded into the Einsatzgruppe ‘s specially - designed vans , where they were asphyxiated with carbon monoxide from piped - in exhaust as they took a funeral ride through Belgrade ’s streets , White says .
They were then interred in mass Nazi burial pits at the foot of Avala Mountain , southeast of Belgrade .
White , in court documents , does n’t specifically say what role Egner had in the Avala deaths .
But during the February 2007 interview at his Bellevue residence , Egner apparently told the feds he had guarded prisoners en route to both life at Semlin and death at Avala .
He was also an interpreter for political prisoners ,
White says , who were sometimes tortured , then executed .
Egner immigrated to the U.S. in 1960 and applied for citizenship five years later .
The government now says he lied on his application by stating he served with the German Army rather than the clandestine SPSS .
Egner and his wife settled near Portland , where he worked as a hotel food - service worker , then sold real estate .
After his wife Gerda died in 2005 , he moved to Bellevue to be near relatives .
Gibbs says the government has been investigating Egner since 2003 .
“ We ’re surprised this is all they ’ve been able to come up with in all that time , ” the attorney says .
“ I ’m just scratching my head .
I ’m as disgusted as anyone with what the Nazis did , but I do n’t see any point in chasing down Mr. Egner unless they ’ve got more information . ”
In a new court filing , Gibbs says , “ It would have been a simple matter for the complaint to allege that Mr. Egner participated in a specific persecutory act had there been a factual basis for such an assertion . ”
In a response , Justice attorney Michael Barr contends the complaint is specific enough .
Egner ’s “ assistance in persecution ” was his admitted role in guarding and helping interrogate prisoners in the Nazi death - camp system .
Barr , who would not comment further , indicated there is more evidence to come .
Gibbs , however , has his doubts .
“ Two Justice lawyers showed up at Mr. Egner ’s home at 7 a.m. , and he willingly lets them in and tells them candidly what he ’d done in the war and how limited his role was , ” states Gibbs .
“ That ’s their case now — no compelling details , as there usually are , about a camp guard shepherding people to the gas chamber , and so on .
There ’s nothing like that here , because it did n’t happen . ”
randerson@seattleweekly.com
There has been a lot of talk over the last couple of weeks about two Twitter ranking tools , Twitter Grader and Twinfluence .
Any tool that measures the effectiveness of a Social Media site for a user is important to serious and casual users alike .
The fact that there are now two tools presenting a user ’s “ ranking ” in different ways is an indication of the efforts of Social Media to be taken seriously .
Tools that give an indication of the “ influence ” of a particular user are of use not only for users seeking authoritative users to follow , but for professional users seeking key “ influencers ” to work with .
I decided to run an experiment with them both to see what actions affect your scores and what do n’t and if affecting my scores actually did anything for me other than improve my own sense of self worth .
Twitter Grader and Twinfluence
Twitter Grader bases your score on the number of followers you have , the power of this network of followers , the pace of your updates , the completeness of your profile and “ a few other factors . ”
Twinfluence gives you a slightly more sophisticated scoring , though I have found the system has a lag of about 24 hours .
Twinfluence breaks your Twitter ranking into Reach , Velocity , Social Capital & Centralization :
• Reach measures the maximum number of people a particular Twitter could get a message to ( basically your followers and their followers ) .
•
Velocity measures the average of first order followers and second order followers added on a daily basis since you started your account .
• Social Capital measures the value of your followers network , e.g. how many followers do your followers have ?
• Centralization measures how dependent your reach or ability to influence is on a small number of followers who have a large following .
E.g .
If the bulk of your network is made up of 10 superstars each with thousands of followers , then you have a very centralized network and it is perceived by Twinfluence to be fragile because if one or more of those superstars stops following you , your reach collapses in direct proportion .
How they compare
The two systems agree on the first factor being measured .
Twinfluence ’s measure of Reach is the same as Grader ’s first two factors - the number of followers you have and the influence of those followers .
After this , according to their descriptions they diverge .
Grader adds the completeness of your profile , which does not seem to be a factor in your Twinfluence ranking .
Grader measures the pace of your updates , Twinfluence does n’t count that .
Grader has a secret sauce , which may well contain some of the elements that Twinfluence is measuring as well .
At this point I ca n’t say which method I prefer most .
Grader has the advantage of presenting a single grade , which makes it easy to see and take in , but I think some of their measures are great ( profile completeness ? ) .
Twinfluence has some great metrics .
I like Social Capital as a measure , but I find the site seems to have a lag that Grader does n’t .
The experiment
Using these metrics I decided to see if I could affect my own score by trying different strategies .
As I already mentioned , simply shotgunning Twitter and following hundreds of people might give you a short term boost in your score , but eventually it will backfire .
Why ?
Because it speaks directly to Social Capital .
If by some chance you manage to attract followers who are highly ranked themselves but provide nothing but a stream of updates about your cat , the state of the coffee in your office and what you are going to eat for lunch , you are going to lose followers , and with them will go their followers and on both systems your ranking will diminish .
Analyzing top Twitter users
Just following the top 10 , 20 or 50 Twitter users will lead you to similar problems .
Here is an analysis of the top 5 Twitter users who have a score of 100 on grader right now :
• MarsPhoenix - Followers : 36,453 Following : 2 • Hodgman - Followers : 12,306 Following : 40 • wilw - Followers : 19,380 Following : 69 • Dooce - Followers : 17,771 Following : 60 • Timoreilly - Followers : 11,316 Following : 323
See the pattern there ?
Yes , they all have more followers than they do followees .
So getting them to follow you and your adventures in cat training , coffee drinking and lunch eating is highly unlikely .
So how do you go about increasing your score ?
Well , the answers are really simple :
• Be Passionate :
Think about why you want to network in the first place .
What is it that you want more of ?
Search for like - minded individuals and follow them .
• Share : Provide useful , timely information to your network .
Remember , it also appears on the public timeline ( unless you protect your posts ) , which will attract more followers .
•
Ask :
And you will receive .
Post questions , make them relevant of course - not “ why is the sky blue ? ” • Review : Check your network .
Do you have spammers in there or people who are n’t contributing ?
Take them off your list of follows , unless of course they are your family and friends , in which case get them to read this post .
So , why would you care about improving your score ?
You probably should n’t apart from the fun factor .
But by following the steps above , what you will find yourself with , in a very short space of time , is an amazing network that you can reach out to .
People that you can help and that can help you .
People that will provide you with a wealth of information and to whom you can pass along great information .
Let ’s face it , with all that is contained on the Internet , it is impossible for one person to monitor everything that is going on , but with a significant number of people reading , watching , listening and most importantly , sharing , it becomes a little easier to obtain the information that is important to you .
At the beginning of this week I had a score of 36/100 on Grader , as of the time of writing my score was 66 .
Simon Salt is CEO of marketing communications company the IncSlingers .
He writes daily at www.simonsalt.com and weekly at Chris Brogan 's parenting blog Dad- O - Matic , and is also an avid Twitter user .
He is focused on dragging traditional marketers into Web 2.0 before the arrival of Web 3.0 .
He loves to help out and volunteers his time and knowledge whenever asked .
He is Director of Technology for the Austin Chapter of the AMA and is currently working on a Twitter guide for all users .
NBC news confirms that Eric Holder will accept the position as Barack Obama 's Attorney General .
NBC's Savannah Guthrie talked to Mark Whitaker who reports that Holder was the front runner for the position .
John Amato :
Holder comes out of the Clinton administration and was linked to the Mark Rich pardon which will have Conservatives up in arms , but supported Barack Obama for president .
We need an AG for the people and not like the Bush crony Alberto Gonzales .
It 's no shock that Obama will appoint ex-Clinton people to his staff as his administration takes shape .
Many capable people came out of that administration .
Newsweek :
President - elect Obama has decided to tap Eric Holder as his attorney general , putting the veteran Washington lawyer in place to become the first African - American to head the Justice Department , according to two legal sources close to the presidential transition .
Holder , who served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration , still has to undergo a formal “ vetting ” review by the Obama transition team before the selection is final and is publicly announced , said one of the sources , who asked not to be identified talking about the transition process .
Holder , 57 , has been on Obama ’s “ short list ” for attorney general from the outset .
A partner at the D.C. law firm of Covington & Burling , Holder served as co-chief ( along with Caroline Kennedy ) of Obama ’s vice - presidential selection process .
He also actively campaigned for Obama throughout the year and grew personally close to the president - elect
Senator Brown makes a funny .
“ About quarter till 12 on election night , it ’s gonna be Bill O’Reilly sitting there with Sean Hannity , ” he said , drawing another cascade of jeers from the crowd at the mention of another popular conservative Fox host .
“ No , no wait a sec , this is gonna be too much fun .
You ’re not gonna be booing ‘ cause you know what ’s coming next .
So Hannity – they ’re going through all these numbers and Barack ’s won California , New York and Illinois and Michigan and Wisconsin , Pennsylvania and all these others .
And , you know McCain wins Utah or something , ” Brown said , drawing appreciative laughs and claps from the energized crowd .
“ Then Hannity ’s sitting there next to O’Reilly , and they ’re looking at each other , and O’Reilly says , ‘ You gonna do it ? ’
And Hannity says , ‘ No . ’
So O’Reilly – sweat ’s coming , tears are coming down his cheeks – you can see ‘em on your flat screen .
And O’Reilly says , ‘ Well , Ohio went for Barack Obama .
He ’s gonna be president of the United States ! ”
Television news bulletins across the world have been reporting the story of Barack Obama 's US presidential victory .
People in the Japanese city of Obama reacted with joy to his election , as did Indonesian children at the school he attended and Barack Obama 's grandmother in Kenya was clearly delighted .
Many were not short of words of advice for the new US President - from Afghanistan and Israel to Gaza and Iran .
Grow Your Business With your Website
eXpert In SEO is based in California .
We are a Search Engine Optimization and Internet Marketing Company , known the World over for our customized Search Engine Optimization and Website Promotion strategies !
We take a deep focus to your project , the right way , from the first moment we learn your website address !
We work with companies of all sizes , and we will help you achieve your online business objectives and maximize your online presence with customized traffic building strategies .
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , ” starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett , has been released .
Poster is already showing up in some theaters and A new TV spot for the upcoming “ , ” starringand , has been released .
Poster is already showing up in some theaters and Defamer snapped this photo at a recent multiplex screening and features a shot of Pitt ’s face with all the text shown backwards to symbolize the film ’s plot .
The movie features Benjamin Button , played by Brad Pitt , as old man who physically ages backward – ages in reverse until he becomes a baby and then finally vanishes from the earth .
At age 50 , he falls in love with a 30 - year - old woman , Cate Blanchett .
And then must come to terms with the relationship as they literally grow in opposite directions .
“ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” is scheduled to hit theaters on December 25th .
The film is directed by ( Se7en , The Game , Fight Club , Zodiac ) .
The screenplay was penned by Oscar winner ( Forrest Gump , The Horse Whisperer , Spielberg ’s Munich , The Good Shepherd ) .
This story was originally adapted from a short story written by legendary writerin 1922 . [ flv ]
http://media2.firstshowing.net/firstshowing/ben-button-tvspot2.flv[/flv]
It 's being reported today that four Google employees will be charged with " defamation and failure to exercise control over personal data " in Italy .
This all stems from a video posted to Google Video in 2006 , which showed four teens teasing and harassing a boy with down syndrome .
Google removed the video within a day , but by that point it had already been seen 12,000 times .
The prosecutors also think that because the video highlights the boy 's disability , it could violate Italian data protection laws .
Google has yet to receive official charges , but sources have told Reuters that the employees will be charged and expect them to face trial on February 3rd 2009 .
The company said it 's worried about the precedent this could set for censorship on the internet , and I have to agree .
At least one of these employees has never lived in Italy , and furthermore , the video was uploaded to a server in the US .
But on top of all that , the bigger question is how can you punish these Google employees for something one of their users did ?
If they do get convicted it threatens YouTube , Google Video , and just about every site with user generated content .
So even though making fun of the disabled is totally uncool ( and despite my proud Italian heritage ) I 'm going to have to mildly scold Italy for this one : not cool Italy , not cool .
[ Reuters via PCWorld - Image via ian larson ]
Advertisement
Jokes about the current financial crisis are spreading through offices , blogs and chat rooms .
According to psychologists , at times of crisis , humour can provide a vital way of expressing frustration at a baffling situation .
Read : Joking about the crisis BBC
News website readers have been sending us their own humorous views about the credit crunch .
Following the problems in the sub - prime lending market in America and the run on Northern Rock in the UK , uncertainty has now hit Japan .
In the last 7 days Origami Bank has folded , Sumo Bank has gone belly up and Bonsai Bank announced plans to cut some of its branches .
Yesterday , it was announced that Karaoke Bank is up for sale and will likely go for a song while today shares in Kamikaze Bank were suspended after they nose - dived .
While Samurai Bank are soldiering on following sharp cutbacks , Ninja Bank are reported to have taken a hit , but they remain in the black .
Furthermore , 500 staff at Karate Bank got the chop and analysts report that there is something fishy going on at Sushi Bank where it is feared that staff may get a raw deal .
Emma Ives , Dorking , Surrey , UK How do you define optimism ?
A banker who irons 5 shirts on a Sunday .
Sara , London , UK
What do you call 12 investment bankers at the bottom of the ocean ?
A good start .
Niall Davidson Petch , Lincoln , UK
An elderly lady receives an e-mail from the son of a deceased ( but wealthy ) African general , asking whether he could transfer millions of pounds into her bank account in return for a 20 % cut .
All the son needs is the sort code and account number .
Not realising she is the victim of a Nigerian 419 fraud , she e-mails back the details .
A couple of minutes later she receives an e-mail back from the general 's son : ' Icesave ?! '
What is this , some sort of scam ? "
Anthony , Paris , France Resolving to surprise her husband , an investment banker 's wife pops by his office .
She finds him in an unorthodox position , with his secretary sitting in his lap .
Without hesitation , he starts dictating , " ... and in conclusion , gentlemen , credit crunch or no credit crunch , I cannot continue to operate this office with just one chair ! "
Phil , London , UK
If you had purchased $ 1000.00 of Nortel stock one year ago , it would now be worth $ 49.00 .
With Enron , you would have $ 16.50 left of the original $ 1000 .
With WorldCom , you would have less than $ 5.00 left .
If you had purchased $ 1000.00 of Delta Air Lines stock you would have $ 49.00 left .
If you had purchased United Airlines , you would have nothing left .
But , if you had purchased $ 1000.00 worth of beer one year ago , drank all the beer , and then turned in the cans for recycling , you would have $ 214.00 .
Based on the above , the best current investment advice is to drink heavily and recycle .
This is called the 401 - Keg Plan .
Daniel , Calgary , Canada
What 's the difference between Investment Bankers and London Pigeons ?
The Pigeons are still capable of making deposits on new BMW's
Rob , London , UK
Why did the Banker cross the road ?
- Because he stapled himself to the chicken .
Charles Brockley , Norwich , Norfolk , UK
What 's the difference between an investment banker and a large pizza ?
A large pizza can feed a family of four .
Tom , London , UK
We 've been playing office bingo with phrases like " In The Current Climate .. " to see how many times we hear it in a week ..
Jen , Ipswich , UK I 've re-named my morning bowl of muesli at the desk Credit Crunch .
Robert Fulford , London , UK
Three investment bankers are sitting outside a coffee shop , sipping glumly on their cappucinos .
The first one says " It 's terrible , I have lost five million on my accounts this morning , there is no way to recover my losses .
When I get back inside I 'm going to go past my office , up to the fifth floor , open a window and jump out "
The second one says " You think that 's bad ; I 've lost nine million on my accounts in the last hour , I have nothing left .
I 'm going to ride the lift all the way up to the ninth , open a window and jump out "
The third one says " I 'm glad our building only has fourteen floors . "
Bob , High Wycombe , UK
The last time Iceland had a crash like this aisle three was closed all day .
Stuart Harley , West Malvern , UK Q : Why are all MBAs going back to school ?
A : To ask for their money back .
G. Reinis , Lafayette , CA USA I had a cheque returned earlier .
" Insufficient Funds " Mine or the banks ?
Pyers Symon , Worcester
What have Icelandic banks and an Icelandic streaker got in common ?
They both have frozen assets
Stuart Harley , West Malvern , UK Money talks .
Trouble is , mine only knows one word - goodbye .
Nigel Macarthur , London , UK
What is a banker 's favourite chocolate bar ?
A credit crunchie !
Susanna Page , Chiddingfold , UK
Why did n't the little boy get any pocket money this week ?
Cos his Mum 's gone to Iceland !
Susanna , Chiddingfold , UK For Geography students
Only : What 's the capital of Iceland ?
Answer : About Three Pounds Fifty ...
John Green , Chessington , Surrey , UK Latest news , the Isle of Dogs Building Society has collapsed .
They 've called in the retrievers .
Jez , Frodsham , UK Funnily enough , I run a creative thinking course which uses comedy to demonstrate how novel solutions can be found .
When I approached the banks with the idea of running the course for their staff , they laughed .
I bet they 're not laughing now ...( to paraphrase Bob Hope ) .
Ivor Tymchak , Wakefield , UK Quote of the day ( from a trader ) : " This is worse than a divorce .
I 've lost half my net worth and I still have a wife . "
Sottovoce , Cambridge , UK QUESTION : How do you successfully freeze your financial assets ?
ANSWER : Invest in an Icelandic bank
Madeleine Smallman , UK
Talked to my bank manager the other day and he said he was going to concentrate on the big issues from now on .
He sold me one outside Boots yesterday !
Geoff Masked man holding a bank cashier up with a gun .
Says : ' I do n't want any money - I just want you to start lending to each other ...
David , Cambridge , UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I thought you might find interesting this transcript of the US Senate Committee case regarding Mormon Senator Reed Smoot .
Where did Mormon Church President Smith find time for meditation , let alone revelation ?
Senate Committee Testimony Transcript :
Mr. Tayler ( Senate Attorney ) : What is your business ?
Mr. Smith ( Mormon Prophet and President ) :
My principle business is that of president of the church .
Mr. Tayler :
In what other business are you engaged ?
Mr. Smith : I am engaged in NUMEROUS other businesses .
Mr. Tayler : What ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of Zion 's Cooperative Mercantile Institution .
Mr. Tayler :
Of what other corporations are you an officer ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of the State Bank of Utah , another institution .
Mr. Tayler :
What else ?
Mr. Smith : PRESIDENT of Zion 's Savings Bank and Trust Company .
Mr. Tayler :
What else ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of the Utah Sugar Company .
Mr. Tayler :
What else ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of the Consolidated Wagon and Machine Company .
Mr. Tayler :
What else ?
Mr. Smith :
There are several other SMALL INSTITUTIONS with which I am associated .
Mr. Tayler :
Are you associated with the Utah Light and Power Company ?
Mr. Smith : I am .
Mr. Tayler :
In what capacity ?
Mr. Smith : I am a director and PRESIDENT of the company .
Mr. Tayler : A director and the president ?
Mr. Smith : Yes , sir .
Mr. Tayler :
Had you that in mind when you classified the others as ' small concerns ' ?
Mr. Smith :
No sir , I had not that in mind .
Mr. Tayler :
That is a ' large concern ' ?
Mr. Smith :
That is a large concern ?
Mr. Tayler :
Are you an officer of the Salt Lake and Los Angeles Railroad Company ?
Mr. Smith : I am .
Mr. Tayler : What ?
Mr. Smith : PRESIDENT and director .
Mr. Tayler :
Of what else are you President ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of the Salt Air Beach Company .
Mr. Tayler :
What else , if you can recall .
Mr. Smith : I DO NOT RECALL JUST NOW !
Mr. Tayler :
What relation do you sustain to the Idaho Sugar Company ?
Mr. Smith : I am a director of that company and also the PRESIDENT of it .
Mr. Tayler : Of the Inland Crystal Salt Company ?
Mr. Smith : Also the SAME POSITION THERE .
Mr. Tayler : The Salt Lake Dramatic Association ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of that and also a DIRECTOR .
Mr. Tayler :
Are you president of any other corporation there ?
Mr. Smith : I DO NOT KNOW .
PERHAPS YOU CAN TELL ME !!
I DO NOT REMEMBER ANY MORE JUST NOW !
Mr. Tayler :
It would seem that the number has grown so large that it would be an undue tax upon your memory to charge you with naming them all .
Mr. Smith : What relation do you sustain to the Salt Lake Knitting Company ?
Did I already ask you about it ?
Mr. Smith :
No sir , you did not .
Mr. Tayler : The Salt Lake Knitting Company ?
Mr. Smith : I am PRESIDENT of it , and also a director .
Mr. Tayler : The Union Pacific Railway Company ?
Mr. Smith : I am a DIRECTOR .
Mr. Tayler :
Are you an official of any mining companies ?
Mr. Smith : Yes , sir .
Mr. Tayler : What ?
Mr. Smith : I am the vice - president of the Bullion , Beck and Champion Mining Company .
Mr. Tayler : The Deseret News ?
Mr. Smith : No , sir .
Mr. Tayler :
You have no business relations with that ?
Mr. Smith : NO SIR .
Mr. Tayler : Is the Deseret News the ' organ of the Church ' ?
Mr. Smith : Well , I suppose it is in some sense the ' organ of the church ' .
It is not opposed to the church , at least .
Mr. Tayler :
It has for years published , has it not , at the head of its columns , that it is " the organ of the church " , or the " official organ of the church " ?
Mr. Smith : Not that I know of .
Mr. Tayler :
Do you know who owns it ?
Mr. Smith : How is that ?
Mr. Tayler :
Do you know who owns it ?
Mr. Smith : I know who owns the building that it is in .
Mr. Tayler :
Who owns the building in which it is published ?
Mr. Smith : The church .
Mr. Tayler :
The church ?
Mr. Smith : Yes , sir .
Mr. Tayler :
Tell us what you know about the owners of that newspaper .
Mr. Smith :
It has been for a number of years past owned by a company --- AN INCORPORATED COMPANY .
Mr. Tayler :
What is the name of the company ?
Mr. Smith : The Deseret News Publishing Company .
Mr. Tayler :
Do you know who its officers are ?
Mr. Smith : No , it is not owned by that company .
Mr. Tayler :
Oh , it is not ?
Mr. Smith : No ; it is not .
Mr. Tayler :
What do you know ----
Mr. Smith : But I say for years it was owned by a company of that kind .
Mr. Tayler :
What do you know about its present ownership ?
Mr. Smith : I presume that the present ownership is IN THE CHURCH .
Mr. Tayler :
You suppose the present owner is ' the church ' ?
Mr. Smith : Yes , sir ; the church .
Mr. Tayler : I do not want to have any misconstruction put upon your use of the word ' presume ' because you do not know that it is so owned ?
Mr. Smith : I really do not know so that I could tell you positively .
Mr. Tayler :
Who would know ?
Mr. Smith : I PRESUME I could find out .
Mr. Tayler : Could you find out before you leave Washington ?
Mr. Smith : Perhaps so .
( SOURCE : Reed Smoot Case transcript , Vol. 1 , pp. 81 , 82 , 83 , 86 , 87 , and 88 )
A day later , because the ownership of the Deseret News and its articles were keys to the case , Joseph F. Smith testified :
Mr. Tayler :
In what form does your church have title to the Deseret News property ?
Mr. Smith :
It owns the deed .
Mr. Tayler : I am speaking of the newspaper , not the building .
Mr. Smith :
The press ; yes .
I would like to state that when I was asked that question before , Mr. Tayler , I was not aware of the fact that I have since learned from my counsel here that during the trusteeship of Lorenzo Snow the Deseret News plant was transferred from the Deseret News Company to Lorenzo Snow , trustee , in trust .
I was not aware of the fact , Mr. Chairman , when that question was asked me yesterday , I believe it was .
I have since learned that that is the fact and that my counsel who is here made out the papers for the transfer .
.....
Mr. Tayler :
So that it is now in YOU as trustee in trust ?
Mr. Smith : NOW I OWN IT AS TRUSTEE IN TRUST .
Furthermore , I will say that I have discovered since yesterday that there is published on the second or third page of the Deseret News the statement that it is the " organ of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints "
( Reed Smoot case , Vol. 1 , page 158 ) .
As you can see , the Mormon Church has been about business for a very long time .
OTTAWA , Nov 20 ( Reuters ) -
Obese people have the right to two seats for the price of one on flights within Canada , the Supreme Court of Canada ruled on Thursday .
The high court declined to hear an appeal by Canadian airlines of a decision by the Canadian Transportation Agency that people who are “ functionally disabled by obesity ” deserve to have two seats for one fare .
The airlines had lost an appeal at the Federal Court of Appeal in May and had sought to launch a fresh appeal at the Supreme Court .
The court ’s decision not to hear a new appeal means the one - person - one - fare policy stands .
The appeal had been launched by Air Canada ACa .
TO , Air Canada Jazz JAZ_u.TO and WestJet WJA.TO . ( Reporting by Randall Palmer )
Campbell Brown :
For those people who have been worried about the possibility of one party controlling Congress and the White House , the last president to do that , of course , was ....?
John King : Ah , that was Bill Clinton , and ...
Brown : Jimmy Carter !
Jimmy Carter had ... Bill Clinton had Democrats in the House and in the Senate ?
King : Very briefly .
Brown : Very briefly .
[ Crinkles her nose ]
Did n't go so well .
King :
No it did n't .
The United States ’ war on drugs has failed and will continue to do so as long as it emphasizes law enforcement and neglects the problem of consumption , a Washington think tank says in a report co-chaired by a former president of Mexico .
The former president , Ernesto Zedillo , in an interview , called for a major rethinking of U.S. policy , which he said has been “ asymmetrical ” in demanding that countries such as Mexico stanch the flow of drugs northward , without successful efforts to stop the flow of guns south .
In addition to disrupting drug - smuggling routes , eradicating crops and prosecuting dealers , the U.S. must confront the public health issue that large - scale consumption poses , he said .
“ If we insist only on a strategy of the criminal pursuit of those who traffic in drugs , ” Zedillo said , “ the problem will never be resolved . ”
The indictment of Washington ’s counter - narcotics campaign comes in a report released this week by the Brookings Institution that advocates closer engagement with Latin America and the Caribbean .
U.S. influence in the region has slipped dramatically during the eight years of the Bush administration , and the report suggests an incoming Democratic government led by Barack Obama can open opportunities for better ties and communication .
Among its recommendations , the report urges a fresh approach to Cuba , including loosening the long - standing U.S. embargo , overhauling immigration policies , and enhancing “ hemispheric integration ” on the economic and energy fronts .
The report , which is the work of Brookings ’ Partnership for the Americas Commission , offers especially pointed criticism of the way the drug war has been waged .
Contrary to government claims , the use of heroin and cocaine in the U.S. has not declined significantly , the report says , and the use of methamphetamine is spreading .
Falling street prices suggest that the supply of narcotics has not declined noticeably , and U.S. prevention and treatment programs are woefully underfunded , the study says .
“ Current U.S. counter - narcotics policies are failing by most objective standards , ” the report says .
“ The only long - run solution to the problem of illegal narcotics is to reduce the demand for drugs in the major consuming countries , including the United States . ”
Zedillo cited skyrocketing violence in his own country as an example of the damage done by these policies .
More than 4,000 people have been killed in Mexico this year in drug - related warfare between government troops and traffickers , and among rival drug gangs .
Many of the weapons confiscated in raids and shootouts came from the U.S .
Zedillo , who served as Mexican president from 1994 to 2000 , spoke by telephone from Yale University , where he is an economics professor and director of the school ’s Center for the Study of Globalization .
He is co-chairman of the Partnership for the Americas Commission with Thomas R. Pickering , a former U.S. undersecretary of State .
Where the U.S. has had success , as in the reduction of coca production in some areas of Colombia , the gains are not sustainable , Zedillo said , because cultivation merely moves to other zones .
“ And that way , the fight goes nowhere , ” he said .
The report urges the U.S. to take responsibility for stemming the transport of an estimated 2,000 guns a day across the border ; to expand drug prevention programs in schools and redirect anti-drug messages to younger people by emphasizing cosmetic damage as well as health risks ; and to greatly enhance drug courts , a system that incorporates treatment into prosecution .
John P. Walters , head of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , recently defended U.S. efforts .
In Mexico to discuss a pending anti-drug aid package , Walters said a decline in positive drug tests at American workplaces indicated consumption was down , and he said authorities were taking steps to curtail gun shipments .
But a report this month from the U.S. Government Accountability Office , commissioned by Sen. Joe Biden ( D - Del. ) , now the vice president - elect , said the government ’s most ambitious counter - narcotics program , the $ 5 - billion Plan Colombia , failed to meet several goals .
Interdiction halved opium and heroin production in Colombia from 2000 to 2006 , but coca and cocaine production continued to grow , it said .
Wilkinson is a Times staff writer .
wilkinson@latimes.com
source : http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/nov/05/uselections20084
Americans placed their faith in Barack Obama today , overcoming a past of slavery and segregation , and electing the first African - American to the US presidency .
At Obama 's election party in Chicago , there were raucous celebration and tears of joy as the US TV networks just after 11 pm ET ( 4 am GMT ) declared that the Democratic candidate had been voted America 's 44th president .
He was carried across the threshold by epic voter turnout across the country , giving him a wider margin over John McCain than any other president in the last two decades .
Obama , accompanied to the podium in his home town of Chicago by his wife Michelle and his two daughters , alluded to the historic nature of his victory .
" If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible ; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time ; who still questions the power of our democracy , tonight is your answer , " he said .
" It 's been a long time coming , but tonight , because of what we did on this day , in this election , at this defining moment , change has come to America . "
The Illinois senator spoke moments after McCain made a gracious concession speech in front of his supporters in Phoenix , Arizona , bringing the election to a close after nearly two tumultuous years .
" We have come to the end of a long journey .
The American people have spoken and they have spoken clearly , " McCain said .
The defeated Republican said America had come a long way from the racial injustices that were a stain on the country 's history , and called for the country to unite behind Obama .
He said he deeply admired and commended Obama for winning a " historic election " .
The scale of Obama 's victory exceeded Democratic expectations , as Obama was projected to win 338 electoral votes to McCain 's 129 .
Obama 's successes in the White House race were matched by Democratic wins in congressional seats .
The backlash against Bush provided the Democrats with one of their most satisfying wins of the night , ousting the veteran Republican Elizabeth Dole .
McCain 's hopes began unravelling when networks projected Obama would win Pennsylvania , the state where the Republican planned to make his last stand .
An even bigger setback for McCain followed when networks projected Ohio would go to Obama .
The state decided the 2004 race between George Bush and John Kerry .
Piling on the humiliation for the Republican , Obama was projected to win Virginia , the first time the state has voted for a Democrat in a presidential race since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 .
.
Obama was projected to hold on to all the states the Democrats took in 2004 , and win half a dozen or more of the battleground states that had been held by the Republicans .
The Democrat was also projected to win New Hampshire , Connecticut , Delaware , Washington DC , Illinois , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts and New Jersey .
McCain was projected to win Oklahoma , Tennessee , Kentucky , Georgia and South Carolina .
Fears that many white voters would fail , in the privacy of the polling booth , to vote for a black candidate appeared to be unfounded , suggesting that race is becoming less of an issue in the US .
Americans voted in record numbers throughout the day as they finally got the chance to turn their backs on George Bush 's disastrous presidency and choose a new leader after America 's longest and costliest election campaign .
From the eastern shores of Virginia , across the industrial heartland of Ohio , and on to the Rocky mountain states of Colorado and New Mexico and beyond , poll workers and voters reported long lines and waits of several hours in the most eagerly anticipated US election for half a century .
Turnout was at levels not seen since women were first given the vote in 1920 .
Election officials predicted turnout would come close to 90 % in Virginia and Colorado , and 80 % in Ohio and Missouri .
The odds had been stacked against McCain from the start , linked , as he was , to George Bush , with his near - record low popularity ratings , hostility towards the Iraq war and an impending recession .
But McCain managed to hold his own until mid-September , when the Wall Street crash saw Obama open up a commanding lead .
The next president will inherit horrendous economic problems that will limit the scope of his ambitions .
Obama , in his final rallies , was already tempering his early promise of change with warnings about how he would have to curb some of his more ambitious plans , trying to lower expectations that he would be able to move quickly on healthcare and education reform .
Independent election monitors reported sporadic instances of delayed openings of polling stations , broken voting machines , ballot shortages , voter confusion and occasional abuse in a number of battleground states including Florida , Ohio , Colorado , Pennsylvania and Virginia .
" It 's bizarre that hard - working people who are worried for their jobs are subsidising caviar inspectors .
These are tough times , and the last thing we need is a batch of officials to inspect delicacies . "
Copyright © 2003 - 11 Audio Atrocities ™ .
All videogame images and associated media are copyright ( c ) by their respective rights holders .
CSE P505 : Programming Languages
Spring 2006
Course Information
Syllabus
Extra-Credit Policy
Anonymous Feedback
Meetings : Tuesdays 6:30 - 9:20 PM , Allen Center Room 305 and Microsoft Building 113 , Room 1159
Class Materials
Homework
Exam Information
Interesting / Relevant Papers
Caml Information
Caml home page
The manual : at OCaml website , local copy of previous version
The O'Reilly book ( free ! )
Running Caml locally and using the Seminal version
Emacs mode : caml_emacs.tar.gz contains exactly the code Dan uses .
The Web may have more recent stuff .
Staff
Instructor : Dan Grossman , , Allen Center Room 556
( careful : the userid grossman belongs to a different person )
TA : Ben Lerner , ( first initial + last name ) {at} cs.washington.edu
Preliminaries
Departure Country * Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar R�union Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Minor Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
Score one for the “ off with his head ” crowd .
After donating $ 1,500 to the Yes on 8 Campaign , Film Independent ’s Richard Raddon has stepped down as director of the L.A. Film Festival .
Raddon had previously tendered his resignation and the board unanimously refused to accept it , but that bit of political theatre failed to mollify the gay community and the threat of a massive gay boycott turned out to be enough to pressure Raddon to resign for real this time .
We told you yesterday how A - List gay Hollywood was divided on the issue , with older directors like Bill Condon arguing that those who donated to Prop.
8 saw it “ not as a civil rights issue but a religious one .
That is their right .
And it is not , in and of itself , proof of bigotry ” and younger , indie filmmakers like Gregg Araki countering :
“ The bottom line is if he contributed money to a hateful campaign against black people , or against Jewish people , or any other minority group , there would be much less excusing of him .
The terrible irony is that he runs a film festival that is intended to promote tolerance and equality . ”
While conservatives will undoubtedly argue that the threat of boycott ’s ( they ’ll probably term it something like “ angry gay mob forces director from post ” ) will have a chilling effect on those who would speak up with their voices or wallets against marriage equality , our rejoinder is , “ Yes , that ’s the point . ”
People have a right to speak up and say what they want or donate to a cause , but with that right comes the responsibility to live up to the consequences of their actions .
If publicly donating to a cause that stripped the civil rights of many of the people you work with and for makes those people not want to support you or the organization you run , that choice was yours , not theirs .
It was Raddon , not the gay community , that put the L.A. Film Festival at risk of a boycott and so , today ’s resignation was his decision and nobody else ’s .
People familiar with the process said Ms. Palin had responded to a standard form with more than 70 questions .
Although The Washington Post quoted advisers to Mr. McCain on Sunday as saying Ms. Palin had been subjected to an F.B.I. background check , an F.B.I. official said Monday the bureau did not vet potential candidates and had not known of her selection until it was made public .
Mark Salter , Mr. McCain ’s closest adviser , said in an e-mail message that Ms. Palin had been interviewed by Arthur B. Culvahouse Jr. , a veteran Washington lawyer in charge of the vice - presidential vetting process for Mr. McCain , as well as by other lawyers who worked for Mr. Culvahouse .
Mr. Salter did not respond to an e-mail message asking if Ms. Palin had told Mr. Culvahouse and his lawyers that her daughter was pregnant .
In Alaska , several state leaders and local officials said they knew of no efforts by the McCain campaign to find out more information about Ms. Palin before the announcement of her selection , Although campaigns are typically discreet when they make inquiries into potential running mates , officials in Alaska said Monday they thought it was peculiar that no one in the state had the slightest hint that Ms. Palin might be under consideration .
“ They did n’t speak to anyone in the Legislature , they did n’t speak to anyone in the business community , ” said Lyda Green , the State Senate president , who lives in Wasilla , where Ms. Palin served as mayor .
Representative Gail Phillips , a Republican and former speaker of the State House , said the widespread surprise in Alaska when Ms. Palin was named to the ticket made her wonder how intensively the McCain campaign had vetted her .
“ I started calling around and asking , and I have not been able to find one person that was called , ” Ms. Phillips said .
“ I called 30 to 40 people , political leaders , business leaders , community leaders .
Not one of them had heard .
Alaska is a very small community , we know people all over , but I have n’t found anybody who was asked anything . ”
The current mayor of Wasilla , Dianne M. Keller , said she had not heard of any efforts to look into Ms. Palin ’s background .
And Randy Ruedrich , the state Republican Party chairman , said he knew nothing of any vetting that had been conducted .
Larry Ellison 's days as one of the tech - sector 's best - remunerated chief executives could be numbered if a group of activist Oracle shareholders get their way this week .
Investors attending Oracle 's annual general meeting in California Friday are being asked to support a " say - on - pay " plan that could see them approve the pay and stock allocations granted to Ellison and other senior Oracle executives going forward .
Awards are currently left to an Oracle compensation committee of elected members , a standard procedure in corporate America .
Ellison consistently rates as Silicon Valley 's best - paid chief executives , and one of the world 's richest individuals .
His 2008 cash and stock package weighed in at $ 83 m last year , 372 per cent above what Ellison 's peers in other chief executive positions receive .
Successive stock allocations , meanwhile , have transformed Ellison into possibly Oracle 's single biggest individual stockholder - he holds 22.6 per cent of common Oracle stock .
The " say - on - pay " motion has been bought by Oracle investor the Marianists Province of the United States and is supported by proxy consultant Proxy Governance Inc .
Both seem alarmed by the concentration of wealth and power at the top of Oracle , and the implications over Ellison 's responsiveness to shareholders .
The motion also asks that Oracle shareholders withhold their votes from the members on Oracle 's current compensation committee .
The " say - on - pay " plan strikes at the heart of a corporate culture that has always seen Oracle 's senior management well rewarded and could seem justified in light of recent performance .
Oracle saw revenue up 29 per cent and income grow 25 per cent to $ 5.5bn and $ 22.4bn respectively for fiscal 2008 - blowing through Ellison 's goal of 20 per cent annual growth .
Proxy Governance managing director of policy Shirley Westcott told The Reg her organization supports performance - related rewards for management .
It 's just that Oracle has gone too far , she said .
Proxy Governance called Oracle 's options awards " excessive , particularly with regards to Ellison " in its report ( warning - PDF ) to investors ahead of Friday .
" This is shareholders money , is this is a good use ? "
Westcott said about Ellison 's pay .
" You 'd expect them to be better paid , but not that much better paid . "
Westcott 's organization is also uncomfortable with the power conferred on Ellison over the direction of the company by holding so much stock .
" You 'd think his interests are [ already ] aligned with shareholders ... is it appropriate to keep giving him big stock options year after year ? "
The " say on pay " resolution is non-binding , so there 's no guarantee Oracle 's management will accept it .
The motion does , though , reflect a growing trend in the US among shareholders to try and reign in senior management compensation .
So far in 2008 , 80 similar proposals have come up at US public companies '
AGMs - up from 52 last year .
Among the few corporations to actually adopt them : cell phone giant Verizon .
A number of bills , meanwhile , have been put through the US Congress that would make " say on pay " mandatory for US public companies .
US presidential hopeful Barack Obama has sponsored one , as has onetime presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton , and US Congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee Barney Frank .
" Excessive executive compensation has been a long - standing issue among many shareholders . "
Westcott said .
" Some shareholders activists are trying to come up with ways to get pay under controls and have more say over it . "
Bootnote
The Oracle " say on pay " goes before shareholders as it emerged Microsoft is changing the way it rewards executives such as CEO Steve Ballmer .
Microsoft 's compensation committee has said that in fiscal 2009 , it 's replacing the old annual cash bonus and equity award with a percentage from a cash pool .
The pool will be equal to 0.35 per cent of Microsoft 's fiscal year operating income .
Based on fiscal 2008 , that works out at $ 80.3 million , or $ 83.4 million including investment income .
Payouts are capped at a $ 20 m per individual . ®
The Republican - dominated panel overseeing the Trooper - Gate probe just voted unanimously to release the report by its independent investigator .
Here ’s the report ( .pdf ) .
The report finds that Gov. Sarah Palin “ abused her power ” in violation of Alaska law .
That ’s the key finding .
It also finds that while the refusal to fire Palin ’s former brother in law was not the sole reason Palin terminated her public safety commissioner , Walt Monegan , it was a “ contributing factor . ”
Superior Towing is a fast , friendly and affordable towing and recovery company located in Indianapolis , IN .
Since 2008 , our highly trained experts have worked to provide customers throughout the greater Marion County area with urgent and reliable towing services at the region ’s most competitive prices .
We work around the clock to offer 24/7 emergency services .
With lightning - fast response times and a fleet of state - of - the - art trucks , Superior Towing offers service that is trusted across Indianapolis .
We are the authority when it comes to superior towing services .
Whether you need a simple emergency tow , a full accident recovery or anything in between , Superior Towing is ready and willing to get the job done .
Call today !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A panel of experts accused the Food and Drug Administration of creating " a false sense of security " with its assessment that a compound used to make food and beverage containers poses no immediate health risks .
Bisphenol A is commonly used to make containers like these Nalgene brand water bottles .
On its Web site , Nalgene says it is switching to new materials .
" The margins of safety defined by FDA as adequate are not adequate , " said Martin Philbert , chairman of a seven - member subcommittee commissioned by the FDA 's Science Board to review the agency 's findings regarding bisphenol A .
The FDA has said that current permissible levels of exposure to BPA , which is used in hard clear plastic water bottles , baby bottles and the linings of food cans and soft drink cans , pose no immediate risks to the general public , including infants .
But a subcommittee charged by the Science Board to review that assessment released a 17 - page report this week challenging that conclusion , taking the FDA to task for excluding from review studies that the agency said had flaws .
" This approach creates a false sense of security about the information that is used in the assessment ... as it overlooks a wide range of potentially - serious findings , " the report said .
The Science Board voted unanimously Friday to accept the seven - member subcommittee 's assessment , expressing concern over the data and calling upon the agency to consider additional studies .
" The FDA has until February 2009 , the next meeting of the Science Board , to respond , " FDA spokesman Michael Herndon said .
" But the agency feels confident that it will be able respond before that date . "
That timetable did not appease the Environmental Working Group and Consumers Union , which urged the board to ban the chemical immediately .
Do n't Miss
More health :
The cholesterol - inflammation connection
Animal studies show that BPA may mimic estrogen , advancing the onset of puberty and increasing the risk of cancer .
In April , Canada became the first country to ban the use of bisphenol A in baby bottles .
But the FDA implied that Canada 's decision was an overreaction .
" The FDA notes that Health Canada 's assessment of bisphenol A on newborns and infants up to 18 months of age concludes that exposure levels are below the levels that could cause health effects , " the agency said in a posting on its Web site .
" Out of an abundance of caution , the government of Canada is taking steps to restrict the use of BPA . "
FDA Commissioner Andrew von Eschenbach said the agency would study the report with deliberation before making any decision .
" We cannot short - circuit or avoid this process of rigorous analysis , critical assessment and stringent validation , " he said .
" Only then will we have the strong scientific foundation upon which to make an enduring regulatory decision to approve a product , change a drug label or issue a call for change in or removal of a product . "
CNN 's Saundra
Young contributed to this report .
All About Food and Drug Administration • Health Canada
Superman 's Identity Revealed !
Again !
Number 1 .
Have a look : The Truth Mirror exposes Superman 's true identity .
Not sure about the purple suit as a fashion statement though .
>> Action Comics # 269
Number 2 . I think Chester will have to be " taken care of " .
>> Superboy # 60
Number 3 .
Have a look again : A one - way mirror exposes the truth and makes a fortune for someone .
But why do they need gold kryptonite ?
Why not just use the green version ?
>> Action Comics # 305
Number 4 .
In the stationery cupboard : Superwoman reveals the truth of Superman 's identity to Perry .
It 's enough to make him choke on his cigar .
Whodathoughtit , with Clark Kent 's superior disguise , a pair of glasses ?!
>> Action Comics # 313
Number 5 . Smile please : Clark 's caught in the act of changing .
His identity is apparently revealed to 40 million viewers .
The real Allen Funt would have loved a scoop like this on his show .
>> Action Comics # 345
Number 6 . Death bed scene : A young lad 's dying wish is to know Superman 's identity , but when told , he refuses to believe it is Clark Kent .
Superman would never tell a lie .
How dare you disbelieve him !
>> Action Comics # 457
Number 7 . Death bed scene 2 : A touching scene as a sneaky trick by Jimmy Olsen means that Superman reveals all .
You can put that hanky away now -- he 's not really dying .
With friends like these ...
>> Jimmy Olsen # 121
Number 8 .
Two boys innocently inspecting each other 's underwear .
Those were the times .
>> Superboy # 98
Number 9 . Thunderation -- what a great word !!
>> Action Comics # 168
Number 10 .
Sherlock Holmes , jnr . : A boy detective identifies Superboy as Clark Kent .
Smart kid .
But will he be believed with a hat like that ?
>> Adventure Comics # 168
Number 11 .
You rang Sir? Superboy has a Butler !
>> Adventure Comics # 169
Number 12 .
Superboy pays him to this day .
>> Superboy # 170
Number 13 .
Headline news :
The family confesses everything to the waiting reporters .
That would make a great scoop , but can you believe everything you read in the newspapers ?
>> Adventure Comics # 235
Number 14 .
Purple is this year 's colour : Superboy reveals his identity to an enemy .
But why ?
Why ?!
>> New Adventures of Superboy # 4
Number 15 .
Cut above the rest : Superboy , alias Clark Kent , is caught chopping tree trunks .
He should have used that chain - saw instead .
>> Superboy # 11
Number 16 .
Dishing the truth : Under the influence of the Truth Serum , Mum blurts out the secret .
This is not accurate .
Young boys never do the washing up .
>> Superboy # 41
Number 17 .
Weight and wait : Lana with the help of a 1 ton weight tricks Superboy into revealing his identity .
The audience turns black & white .
>> Superboy # 44
Number 18 .
Momma always told him do n't climb into cannons .
>> Superboy # 46
Number 19 .
See - through vision part 3 .
Much easier than just , ugh , walking a meter to peek around the corner .
>> Action Comics # 202
Number 20 .
I 'm confused .
Let 's hope the extra Superbaby story makes up for it .
>> New Adventures of Superboy # 24
[ By AnswerFinder . ]
[ Home | Top Comic Covers | Top Weirdest Covers | Top Coolest Covers | Top Rare Covers | Top Crowded Covers | Top Badly Drawn Covers | Robin Corner Shock Pose | Superman's Identity Revealed | Sauciest Manga Covers | Outrageous Pulp Covers | 10 Comic Books That Changed the Industry ( Or Just Look Darn Cool ) | Inventions the World Needs | Sexist Covers ]
Shoebot is a Python graphics robot .
Instead of drawing with your mouse , you write code to create images .
The syntax is simple and aimed at people without a specific programming background -- though its advanced features might be useful for code ninjas too !
It takes a Python script as input , which describes a drawing process , and outputs a vector graphic in a common open standard format : SVG , PDF , PostScript or PNG .
It works through simple text files , and scripts can describe their own GUIs for controlling variables interactively .
It can also be used as a Python module , a plugin for Python - scriptable tools such as Inkscape , and run from the command line without a GUI for automated tasks .
Shoebot is a port / rewrite of Nodebox 1 .
It was also inspired by DrawBot and Shoes .
Thus , " Shoebot " .
You can find the current docs at ReadTheDocs .
The Getting Started page is the best entry point to get acquainted with Shoebot .
The full command reference is an ongoing effort .
For all the commands , see the Nodebox 1 reference .
It 's the best available resource while we work on the Shoebot documentation site .
The Shoebot documentation has pointers on what you can do with Shoebot , such as :
run Shoebot as a Python module
start a socketserver to have other programs control a Shoebot script
set up Shoebot for live coding
For another great intro to the Nodebox / Shoebot language , be sure to check the original Nodebox tutorials .
Copyright © 2007 - 2018
The Shoebot authors ( Stuart Axon , Dave Crossland , Francesco Fantoni , Ricardo Lafuente , Sebastian Oliva and others ) .
Originally developed by Ricardo Lafuente with the support of the Piet Zwart Institute , Rotterdam .
It is made available under the GNU General Public License .
San Francisco rallied against Proposition 8 ( the same - sex marriage ban ) starting at 10:30 a.m. Saturday morning .
The demonstration is part of a slew of other Prop. 8 protests taking place across the United States .
From Alameda to Fresno , New York City to Stockton , Los Angeles to Redding , this large scale Join the Impact : National Protest Against Prop. 8 effort promises to be a big one .
Check back for more images throughout the day .
And if you have some shots you would like to share with SFist readers , . feel free to send them here .
Update I : A gaggle of protesters blocked the Octavia off - ramp resulting in several arrests .
Update II : " Thousands of demonstrators " showed up for today 's ( unusually warm ! ) demonstration .
Update III : A success .
Great job , folks .
( We 'll have pics from the marches that sprouted from Civic Center rally later tonight . )
Be sure to check out today 's civil rights scene in Seattle , LA , Boston , and Austin .
Paris for President ( Video )
has released a " Paris for President " music video to accompany her fake presidential campaign which kicked off in August .
Hilton's " campaign " began with a spoof ad in response to Republican John McCain ’s use of her image in a television ad blasting Barack Obama for being a " celebrity . "
She then enlisted the help of Martin Sheen , who played President Josiah ' Jed ' Bartlet on NBC's White House drama " The West Wing , " to help her become America 's best " fake " president .
Check out the Paris for President video below .
Neo -Nazi Obama Plot One of " A Handful " of " Serious " Threats Against Obama Secret Service reports record number of assassination threats .
October 28 , 2008  --
The arrests Monday in an alleged neo -Nazi assassination plot against Sen. Barack Obama involve one of a handful of serious threats against the Democratic presidential candidate , federal law enforcement sources tell ABC News .
The officials say Obama has been the target of well over 500 threats , most of which are not taken seriously .
But in an estimated dozen or so cases , the threat was considered serious enough that law enforcement agents were assigned to track down suspects .
Threats of violence , harsh invective , language such as " get rid of " or " kill " or " eliminate " are all considered triggers for possible investigation , officials say .
But in only a handful of cases , did the threat , after being run down by United States Secret Service , have the elements that warranted it to be taken extremely seriously .
The methamphetamine - fueled plot against Obama that surfaced during the Democratic convention in Denver is considered by law enforcement officials to be a good example of the kind of ill - conceived , unlikely - to - succeed threat that nevertheless involved high - powered rifles and disguises .
It was only because of a traffic stop arrest that the plot was discovered , authorities say .
In the case of today 's arrests in Crockett County , Tennessee , it was a burglary in progress run that led law enforcement to uncover the twisted plan to assassinate Obama .
Officials said the two Tennessee men arrested , Daniel Cowart and Paul Schlesselman , told the Secret Service they first planned to kill 102 African Americans and then " dress in all white tuxedos and wear top hats during the assassination attempt " of Obama .
Authorities say both men have strong racist views and met on the internet through the website of a white supremacist neo -Nazi group called the Supreme White Alliance ( SWA ) .
Morris Dees , the founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) in Alabama , says that the " extremely violent skin head " group has chapters now in six states and a couple of foreign countries .
" They believe there is going to be an uprising of white people in American , " said Dees , " and if they can kill Obama , it will bring on the white revolution . "
The Supreme White Alliance Responds
In response to SPLC claims that Cowart and Schlesslman are tied to the SWA , SWA issued a statement saying , " The Southern Poverty Law Center has lied again .
Stating on their website that the two young men arrested yesterday on charges accusing them of plotting to assassinate the presidential candidate Barak Oboma ( sic ) and go on some sort of killing spree are tied to the SWA .
One of the young men was in fact a probate earlier this year but was ousted by the SWA before the SWA had a president .
Since this time none of the SWA members have had any contact with the accused .
So before you get your story wrong , ( SPLC ) get the facts . "
In a few cases that the Secret Service has investigated , one individual has written hundreds of threat letters in an effort to capture the candidate 's attention , officials say .
In another case dismissed as not serious , the individual making the threat tried to repeatedly call the director of the Secret Service to register the threat .
Officials say there have been far fewer threats against Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain .
Each candidate has a security detail of equal size , considered a " vice - presidential level " size , according to law enforcement officials .
Secret Service agents are augmented by a heavy presence of state and local police , but in uniform and undercover .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , October 6 , 2008
40 - year market veteran and fund manager Robin Griffiths of Cazenove Capital Management predicts that the overprinting of dollars as a result of the Wall Street bailout will act as a catalyst for gold prices to rocket to $ 2,000 an ounce , as demand for precious metals outstrips supply amidst rumors of market manipulation .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Griffiths said that as the world deleverages , dollar strength could drive gold prices down to $ 750 an ounce , but that this would be the bottom and it would represent a great buying opportunity .
“ Once we get through the crisis , people will realize they ’ve printed an awful lot of dollars , too any dollars , and thrown them from a helicopter window – we need to hedge the risk of too many dollars around and real stuff is the way to do that and gold will be an excellent way , ” Griffiths told CNBC this morning .
“ I think we ’re coming up to re-test that $ 750 low and that ’s going to be a buying opportunity , and if this is correct on a 12 month view from here , we ’ll go straight off the top of the chart and eventually I ’m thinking a target of $ 1400 to even the $ 2000 range , ” said Griffiths , admitting that the forecast had caused him to become a gold bug .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The ISM says the Palestinian vessels were in the permitted offshore zone Three International Solidarity Movement activists detained with 15 Palestinian fishermen off Gaza by the Israeli navy say they have gone on hunger strike .
Briton Andrew Muncie , Vittorio Arrigoni from Italy , and American Darlene Wallach are being held in a prison near Tel Aviv and face possible deportation .
Mr Muncie , from Lochaber , told the BBC their protest would continue until the impounded fishing boats were returned .
Israel said the boats had deviated from the zone where fishing was permitted .
The ISM disputes the allegation , saying the Palestinian vessels were 12 km ( 7 miles ) from shore when confronted by the Israeli navy - well within the fishing limits outlined by the 1994 Oslo peace accords .
' Harassment and intimidation '
Speaking to the BBC from prison , Mr Muncie said that for the past two months , he had been going out on Palestinian fishing boats off the coast of Gaza .
Andrew Muncie said he wanted to remain in the Gaza Strip On Tuesday , the vessels were operating within the permitted offshore zone when they were boarded by Israeli sailors , he said .
He and two ISM colleagues were arrested , along with 15 Palestinian fishermen .
The fishermen were later released but their boats remained impounded , he said .
Mr Muncie said he wanted to remain in the Gaza Strip to continue documenting unprovoked attacks by the Israeli navy .
" Our presence on the fishing boats has in no way provoked a reaction .
The Israeli navy do this anyway , " he said .
" It 's a project of harassment and intimidation to prevent fishermen from reaching the more fertile fishing zones , " he added .
Andrew Muncie was detained in 2003 after obstructing Israeli soldiers in the West Bank town of Nablus .
The ISM says it is " committed to resisting the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land using non-violent , direct - action methods and principles " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first casualty of the crisis : Iceland
Jon Danielsson
Iceland ’s banking system is ruined .
GDP is down 65 % in euro terms .
Many companies face bankruptcy ; others think of moving abroad .
A third of the population is considering emigration .
The British and Dutch governments demand compensation , amounting to over 100 % of Icelandic GDP , for their citizens who held high - interest deposits in local branches of Icelandic banks .
Europe ’s leaders urgently need to take step to prevent similar things from happening to small nations with big banking sectors .
Iceland experienced the deepest and most rapid financial crisis recorded in peacetime when its three major banks all collapsed in the same week in October 2008 .
It is the first developed country to request assistance from the IMF in 30 years .
Following the use of anti-terror laws by the UK authorities against the Icelandic bank Landsbanki and the Icelandic authorities on 7 October , the Icelandic payment system effectively came to a standstill , with extreme difficulties in transferring money between Iceland and abroad .
For an economy as dependent on imports and exports as Iceland this has been catastrophic .
While it is now possible to transfer money with some difficulty , the Icelandic currency market is now operating under capital controls while the government seeks funding to re-float the Icelandic krona under the supervision of the IMF .
There are still multiple simultaneous exchange rates for the krona .
Negotiations with the IMF have finished , but at the time of writing the IMF has delayed a formal decision .
Icelandic authorities claim this is due to pressure from the UK and Netherlands to compensate the citizens who deposited money in British and Dutch branches of the Icelandic bank Icesave .
The net losses on those accounts may exceed the Icelandic GDP , and the two governments are demanding that the Icelandic government pay a substantial portion of that .
The likely outcome would be sovereign default .
How did we get here ?
Inflation targeting gone wrong
The original reasons for Iceland ’s failure are series of policy mistakes dating back to the beginning of the decade .
The first main cause of the crisis was the use of inflation targeting .
Throughout the period of inflation targeting , inflation was generally above its target rate .
In response , the central bank keep rates high , exceeding 15 % at times .
In a small economy like Iceland , high interest rates encourage domestic firms and households to borrow in foreign currency ; it also attracts carry traders speculating against ‘ uncovered interest parity ’ .
The result was a large foreign - currency inflow .
This lead to a sharp exchange rate appreciation that gave Icelanders an illusion of wealth and doubly rewarding the carry traders .
The currency inflows also encouraged economic growth and inflation ; outcomes that induced the Central Bank to raise interest rates further .
The end result was a bubble caused by the interaction of high domestic interest rates , currency appreciation , and capital inflows .
While the stylized facts about currency inflows suggest that they should lead to lower domestic prices , in Iceland the impact was opposite .
Why did inflation targeting fail ?
The reasons for the failure of inflation targeting are not completely clear .
A key reason seems to be that foreign currency effectively became a part of the local money supply and the rapidly appreciating exchange - rate lead directly to the creation of new sectors of the economy .
The exchange rate became increasingly out of touch with economic fundamentals , with a rapid depreciation of the currency inevitable .
This should have been clear to the Central Bank , which wasted several good opportunities to prevent exchange rate appreciations and build up reserves .
Peculiar Central Bank governance structure
Adding to this is the peculiar governance structure of the Central Bank of Iceland .
Uniquely , it does not have one but three governors .
One or more of those has generally been a former politician .
Consequently , the governance of the Central Bank of Iceland has always been perceived to be closely tied to the central government , raising doubts about its independence .
Currently , the chairman of the board of governors is a former long - standing Prime Minister .
Central bank governors should of course be absolutely impartial , and having a politician as a governor creates a perception of politicization of central bank decisions .
In addition , such governance structure carries with it unfortunate consequences that become especially visible in the financial crisis .
By choosing governors based on their political background rather than economic or financial expertise , the Central Bank may be perceived to be ill - equipped to deal with an economy in crisis .
Oversized banking sector
The second factor in the implosion of the Icelandic economy was the size of its banking sector .
Before the crisis , the Icelandic banks had foreign assets worth around 10 times the Icelandic GDP , with debts to match .
In normal economic circumstances this is not a cause for worry , so long as the banks are prudently run .
Indeed , the Icelandic banks were better capitalized and with a lower exposure to high risk assets than many of their European counterparts .
If banks are too big to save , failure is a self - fulfilling prophecy
In this crisis , the strength of a bank ’s balance sheet is of little consequence .
What matters is the explicit or implicit guarantee provided by the state to the banks to back up their assets and provide liquidity .
Therefore , the size of the state relative to the size of the banks becomes the crucial factor .
If the banks become too big to save , their failure becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
The relative size of the Icelandic banking system means that the government was in no position to guarantee the banks , unlike in other European countries .
This effect was further escalated and the collapse brought forward by the failure of the Central Bank to extend its foreign currency reserves .
The final collapse was brought on by the bankruptcy of almost the entire Icelandic banking system .
We may never know if the collapse of the banks was inevitable , but the manner in which they went into bankruptcy turned out to be extremely damaging to the Icelandic economy , and indeed damaging to the economy of the United Kingdom and other European countries .
The final damage to both Iceland and the rest of the European economies would have been preventable if the authorities of these countries have acted more prudently .
While at the time of writing it is somewhat difficult to estimate the recovery rate from the sale of private sector assets , a common estimate for the net loss to foreign creditors because of private debt of Icelandic entities is in excess of $ 40 billion .
The Icelandic authorities did not appreciate the seriousness of the situation in spite of being repeatedly warned , both in domestic and foreign reports .
One prominent but typical example is Buiter and Sibert ( 2008 ) .
In addition , the Icelandic authorities communicated badly with their international counterparts , leading to an atmosphere of mistrust .
The UK authorities , exasperated with responses from Iceland overreacted , using antiterrorist laws to take over Icelandic assets , and causing the bankruptcy of the remaining Icelandic bank .
Ultimately , this led to Iceland ’s pariah status in the financial system .
British and Dutch claims on the Icelandic government
The current difficulties facing Iceland relate to its dispute with the Netherlands and the UK over high interest savings accounts , Icesave .
Landsbanki set these savings accounts up as a branch of the Icelandic entity , meaning they were regulated and insured in Iceland , not in the UK or the Netherlands .
Icesave offered interest rates much above those prevailing in the market at the time , often 50 % more than offered by British high street banks .
In turn , this attracted £ 4.5 billion in the UK with close to £ 1 billion in the Netherlands .
Landsbanki operated these saving accounts under local UK and Dutch branches of the Icelandic entity , meaning they were primarily regulated and insured in Iceland , although also falling under local authorities in the UK and the Netherlands .
Hence the Icelandic , British and Dutch regulators approved its operations and allowed it to continue attracting substantial inflows of money .
Since the difficulties facing Landsbanki were well documented , the financial regulators of the three countries are at fault for allowing it to continue attracting funds .
Landsbanki went into administration following the emergency legislation in Iceland ..
The final losses related to Icesave are not available at the time of writing , but recovery rates are expected to be low , with total losses expected to be close to £ 5 billion .
The amount in the Icelandic deposit insurance fund only covers a small fraction of these losses .
Both the Dutch and the UK governments have sought to recover the losses to their savers from the Icelandic government .
Their demands are threefold .
First , that it use the deposit insurance fund to compensate deposit holders in Icesave .
Second , that it make good on the amounts promised by the insurance fund , around EUR 20,000 .
Finally , that it make good on all losses .
The last claim is based on emergency legislation passed in Iceland October 6 , and the fact that the government of Iceland has promised to compensate Icelandic deposit holders the full amount , and it cannot discriminate between Icelandic and European deposit holders .
Murky legal situation
The legal picture however is unclear .
Under European law 1 % of deposits go into a deposit insurance fund , providing savers with a protection of € 20,000 in case of bank failure .
Apparently , the European law did not foresee the possibility of a whole banking system collapsing nor spell out the legal obligation of governments to top up the deposit insurance fund .
Furthermore , the legal impact of the Icelandic emergency law is unclear .
Consequently , the Icelandic government is disputing some of the British and Dutch claims .
Blood out of a rock
Regardless of the legal issues , the ability of the Icelandic Government to meet these claims is very limited .
The damage to the Icelandic economy is extensive .
The economy is expected to contract by around 15 % and the exchange rate has fallen sharply .
By using exchange rates obtained from the ECB November 7 the Icelandic GDP is about EUR 5.5 billion , at 200 kronas per euro .
In euro terms GDP has fallen by 65 % .
( This calculation is based on the Icelandic GDP falling from 1,300 billion Icelandic kronas to 1,105 and a Euro exchange rate of 200 .
One year ago , the exchange rate was 83 .
In domestic currency terms the Icelandic GDP has contracted by 15 % due to the crisis , in Euro terms 65 % . )
1
The total losses to Icesave may therefore exceed the Icelandic GDP .
While the amount being claimed by the UK and the Netherlands governments is unclear , it may approximate 100 % of the Icelandic GDP .
By comparison , the total amount of reparations payments demanded of Germany following World War I was around 85 % of GDP.2
Resolution and the way forward
Any resolution of the immediate problems facing Iceland is dependent on the UK and the Netherlands settling with Iceland .
Unfortunately , the ability of the Icelandic government to meet their current demands is very much in doubt .
Opinion polls in Iceland indicate that one third of the population is considering emigration .
Further economic hardship due to Icesave obligations may make that expression of opinion a reality .
Meanwhile , many companies are facing bankruptcy and others are contemplating moving their headquarters and operations abroad .
With the youngest and most highly educated part of the population emigrating along with many of its successful manufacturing and export companies , it is hard to see how the Icelandic State could service the debt created by the Icesave obligations to the UK and the Netherlands , making government default likely .
The economic rationale for continuing to pursue the Icesave case with the current vigor is therefore very much in doubt .
If a reasonable settlement cannot be reached , and with the legal questions still uncertain , it would be better for all three parties to have this dispute settled by the courts rather than by force as now .
References
Willem Buiter and Anne Sibert ( 2008 ) “ The Icelandic banking crisis and what to do about it :
The lender of last resort theory of optimal currency areas ” .
CEPR Policy Insight No. 26 .
Webb , Steven ( 1988 ) “ Latin American debt today and German reparations after World War I - a comparison ” , Review of World Economics .
More bad bad news .
Just two days ago Phoenix Mars Lander sent his last words , and NASA announced the end of the mission because of a storm that covered its solar panels with Martian dust .
Today , we have learnt that the Mars Spirit rover may be dying too because exactly the same problem .
In fact , according to Bruce Banerdt — the mission manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and part - time Hulk impersonator — he may be dead already :
This is a very dangerous time .
If we do n't hear from it on Thursday , we 'll be extremely concerned .
Advertisement
The culprit , again : A sudden dust storm over the Martian equatorial plains .
This storm has covered the solar panels during the last days and , as a result , the Mars Spirit only produced 89 watt - hours last weekend .
This is half the amount it needs to keep functioning .
Scientists at the JPL have turned off heating for many instruments in the hope that the rover 's batteries wo n't be completely depleted .
In this case , however , the Mars Spirit rover is well passed its expiry date .
With five years working in the planet , the mission has vastly exceeded even the wildest dreams of NASA 's researchers .
Also , keep in mind that Spirit 's twin brother — Opportunity — is still working at the other side of the planet .
But still , seriously NASA , how can you send things that run on solar power to the dustiest planet in the Solar System and forget to include some kind of Windex cleaning device all the gear ?
Could n't you guys add some kind of mini-Roomba to crawl the panels of the next one ?
[ NASA and Daily Mail and Posts by Phoenix Mars Lander at Gizmodo ]
Obligatory dust - related kick - ass song here :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
There are times in the history of our nation when our very way of life depends upon dispelling illusions and awakening to the challenge of a present danger .
In such moments , we are called upon to move quickly and boldly to shake off complacency , throw aside old habits , and rise , clear - eyed and alert , to the necessity of big changes .
Those who , for whatever reason , refuse to do their part must either be persuaded to join the effort or asked to step aside .
This is such a moment .
The survival of the United States as we know it is at risk .
And even more — if more should be required — the future of human civilization is at stake .
Our economy is in terrible shape and getting worse .
Gasoline prices have been increasing .
Jobs are being outsourced .
Home mortgages are in trouble .
Banks , automobile companies , and other institutions we depend upon are under growing pressure .
The war in Iraq continues , and now the war in Afghanistan appears to be getting worse .
Meanwhile , the climate crisis is growing more dire — much faster than predicted .
Scientists with access to data from Navy submarines traversing beneath the north polar ice cap have warned that there is now a good chance that within five years it will completely disappear during the summer months .
And by the way , our weather sure is getting strange , is n’t it ?
Yet when we look at these seemingly intractable challenges , we can see the common thread running through them .
Our dangerous overreliance on carbon - based fuels is at the core of all of these challenges — the economic , environmental , and national security crises .
We ’re borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the planet .
Every bit of that ’s got to change .
If we grab hold of that common thread and pull it hard , all of these complex problems will begin to unravel and we will find that we ’re holding the answer to all of them right in our hands .
The answer is to end our reliance on carbon - based fuels .
Scientists have confirmed that enough solar energy falls on the surface of the earth every 40 minutes to meet 100 percent of the entire world ’s energy needs for a full year .
Enough wind power blows through the Midwest corridor every day to meet 100 percent of US electricity demand .
Geothermal energy is capable of providing enormous supplies of electricity .
But to make this exciting potential a reality , we need a new start .
That ’s why I ’m proposing a strategic initiative designed to regain control of our own destiny .
It ’s not the only thing we need to do .
But it ’s the linchpin of a new strategy to repower America .
I challenge our nation to commit to producing 100 percent of our electricity from renewable energy and truly clean carbon - free sources within 10 years .
This goal represents a challenge to all Americans , in every walk of life : political leaders , entrepreneurs , innovators , engineers , and every citizen .
A few years ago , it would not have been possible to issue such a challenge .
But the sharp cost reductions beginning to take place in solar , wind , and geothermal power — coupled with the recent dramatic price increases for oil and coal — have radically changed the economics of energy .
Of course there are those who will tell us this ca n’t be done .
Some are the defenders of the status quo , those with a vested interest in perpetuating the current system , no matter how high a price the rest of us will have to pay .
But even those who reap the profits of the carbon age have to recognize the inevitability of its demise .
As one opec oil minister observed , the Stone Age did n’t end because of a shortage of stones .
We should speed up this transition by insisting that the price of carbon - based energy include the costs of the environmental damage it causes .
I have long supported a sharp reduction in payroll taxes with the difference made up in CO 2 taxes .
We should tax what we burn , not what we earn .
This is the single most important policy change we can make .
America ’s transition to renewable energy sources must also include adequate provisions to assist those Americans who would unfairly face hardship .
We should guarantee good jobs in the fresh air and sunshine for any coal miner displaced by impacts on the coal industry .
To those who argue that we do not yet have the technology to accomplish these results : I ask them to come with me to meet the entrepreneurs who will drive this revolution .
To those who say the costs are still too high : I ask them to remember that when demand for oil and coal increases , the price goes up .
When demand for solar cells increases , the price often comes down .
To those who say the challenge is not politically viable : I suggest they go before the American people and try to defend the status quo .
Then bear witness to the people ’s appetite for change .
A political promise to do something decades from now is universally ignored because everyone knows it is meaningless .
But 10 years is about the time that we as a nation can hold a steady aim and hit our target .
When President John F. Kennedy challenged our nation to land a man on the moon and bring him back safely in 10 years , many people doubted we could accomplish that goal .
Eight years and two months later , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the surface of the moon .
That was 39 years ago , and since then , many Americans have begun to wonder whether we ’ve lost our appetite for bold policy solutions .
Folks who claim to know how our system works these days have told us we might as well forget about our political system doing anything bold , especially if it is contrary to the wishes of special interests .
I ’ve got to admit , that seems to be the way things have been going .
But I ’ve begun to hear different voices in this country from people who are tired of baby steps and special interest politics .
So I ask you to join with me to call on every candidate , at every level , to accept this challenge — for America to be running on 100 percent zero - carbon electricity in 10 years .
This is a generational moment .
We need to act now .
by Deb Ng
As you know , I love to share links with you .
Today instead of the usual link love , I ’d like to do something different .
I ’m going to share my bookmarks .
Over the years , I ’ve collected so many great blog posts and articles about all aspects of freelance writing I thought I ’d share them with you here .
Hope you find at least a couple of these useful !
And while you ’re browsing the posts , check out the blogs .
All of them are worthwhile and deserve a place in your feed reader !
Behold ( in no particular order ) :
60 Helpful Blog Posts for Freelance Writers and Bloggers
What blog posts do you find most useful ?
Feel free to share in the comments , but do n’t forget comments with links go into moderation .
Enjoy !
conceived to stabilize financial markets and restore investor confidence .
But now it is looking so amorphous and vulnerable to political trade winds , that it is has become almost a constant of uncertainty .
" Things are changing so quickly , to a certain extent , it undermines the effectiveness of the actions undertaken " " Michelle Girard , senior economist at RBS Capital Markets , told CNBC Tuesday .
" It makes people feel they do n’t really have a handle on things . "
" It 's a little like the Keystone Kops , " Girard added .
" They 're very reactive and it's very ad hoc and I think that undermines confidence at a time when what we need most is confidence that the officials in Washington know what 's going on and know how to address the problem . "
( See her full comments in the video )
The latest turn came from Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , who disclosed Monday that he did not plan on seeking authorization to release the second $ 350 billion in funds authorized under the TARP plan .
He said he wanted to " preserve the firepower , the flexibility we have now and those that come after us will have . "
Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman hit the red carpet in New York for the premiere of their epic movie “ Australia ” on Monday , November 24 .
Kidman , 41 , looked glamourous in a sequinned gold and black dress when she arrived with her husband , country singer Keith Urban , also 41 .
But she was booed by waiting crowds when she shunned interviews and instead rushed inside the Ziegfeld Theatre .
Joining Jackman and Kidman on the red carpet were director Baz Luhrmann and co-producer Catherine Martin .
Aside from them , other celebrity guests , like Kelsey Grammer , Olivia Newton - John , Lauren Bacall , Alicia Witt , Deborra - Lee Furness , Helena Christensen , and many others , have also been spotted attending the special event .
Australia follows the story of Lady Sarah Ashley , played by Nicole Kidman , who inherits a remote cattle station called Faraway Downs in the mid-1930s , before World War II .
When cattle barons plot to take her land , she reluctantly joins forces with a rough - hewn drover , played by Jackman , to drive thousands of cattle across the country , only to face the bombing of Darwin by Japanese forces .
The movie is scheduled to open in U.S. theaters on November 26 .
Australia Premiere Photos
Revealed :
Plans to build the world 's tallest building at 1 km high
High times :
An artist 's impressionof a new sky scraper in Dubai that , when built , could become the world 's tallest building
Plans to construct what could become the world 's tallest building , at more than 1 km high , were unveiled today .
Dubai developer Nakheel - the company that created man-made islands in the shapes of a palm tree and the world - said the structure will be the centre - piece of an inner-city harbour set to become the emirate 's new , unofficial capital .
It would not comment on exactly how high or how expensive the Islamic design - inspired Nakheel Tower will be .
The building will have " more than 200 floors " and be part of " a multi- billion pound development " , the company said .
But " tallest building " claims are notoriously difficult to make .
Debates about what counts as a candidate include whether buildings under construction should be considered and whether roof - top antennas count .
What is certain is that the tower will climb above what is said to be current holder of the " world 's tallest building " position - the emirate 's own Burj Dubai .
Speaking at a press conference today , a cautious Nakheel chief executive officer , Christopher O'Donnell , said : " From our perspective , we are building a tower that 's going to be over 1 km in height .
This is a complete iconic development .
It may be the tallest .
Someone may build something taller . "
Hollywood power couple Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas also attended the press conference .
The Nakheel Tower will have around 150 lifts and be built with some 500,000m3 of concrete .
If the reinforcing bars planned were laid end to end , they would stretch from Dubai to New York .
The building will have enough cooling capacity to air - condition more than 14,000 modern homes .
It will be so tall that it experiences five different microclimatic conditions over its height .
The temperature in the atmosphere at the top of the building could be as much as 10 degrees cooler than the bottom .
Planned high speed shuttle lifts will allow people to see the sunset twice - from the bottom and again from the top of the building .
Giant ambition :
The structure will be the centre - piece of an inner-city harbour set to become the emirate 's new , unofficial capital
The Burj Dubai was , until the new plans were announced , the world 's tallest building .
It will have ten years to enjoy the title before the Nakheel tower is completed
Asked if Nakheel was concerned about embarking on such a development during a banking crisis , Mr O'Donnell said : " It was always going to be a project that would take 10 years - plus .
When you go about trying to fund a project like this , you have to take account of the economic cycles . "
The tower and harbour project will take more than 10 years to complete .
Catherine Zeta-Jones looks on during the presentation of the Nakheel Harbour & Tower project
Apart from the landmark structure , there will also be another 40 towers , ranging in height from 20 floors to 90 floors .
The entire development will be home to more than 55,000 people and a work place for more than 45,000 people .
Nakheel executive chairman , His Excellency Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem , said : " There is nothing like it in Dubai .
" Nakheel Harbour and Tower is located in the heart of ' new Dubai ' , where we have focused on creating a true community , a location for living , working , relaxing and entertaining , for art and culture .
" All of this is concentrated in one area . "
Nakheem said the designs of the planned harbour and tower were inspired by landmarks of Islamic design - including the gardens of Alhambra in Spain , the harbour of Alexandria in Egypt , the promenade of Tangier in Morocco and the bridges of Isfahan in Iran .
" With the Islamic influences governing its design , Nakheel Tower has been able to reach its height of more than a kilometre , " said His Excellency .
" This inspired approach has enabled us to achieve a number of amazing feats of engineering , for example the tower will be the world 's tallest concrete structure . "
Nakheel 's other developments in Dubai include the Palm Jumeirah and The World - man-made island communities for the wealthy .
So the other day I messaged another admin from the console using the regular old ' write ' command ( as I 've been doing for over 10 years ) .
To my surprise he did n't know how to respond back to me ( he had to call me on the phone ) and had never even known you could do that .
That got me thinking that there 's probably lots of things like that , and likely things I 've never heard of .
What sorts of things do you take for granted as a natural part of Unix that other people are surprised at ?
This might sound like jam tomorrow , but there are only limited measures you can take to save CO2 when you buy a new car .
It might even be the best thing to hold on to the car you have and use it less , as according to Volvo , the amount of CO2 expended in making a car is some 13 to 15 per cent of its lifetime emissions and that does n’t count the CO2 released when scrapping .
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Friday night 's broadcast .
( CNN ) --
Much has been made of the car company CEOs showing up for Congressional hearings in private jets to ask for a taxpayer - funded bailout .
CNN 's Campbell Brown says the Big Three automakers ' CEOs need to put themselves in their workers ' shoes .
Now , there is an argument that can be made about why the CEO of a major corporation might need a private jet .
Those of us who fly commercial know what a miserable experience it is .
Flight delays are the norm .
If you have a really important meeting , you go the night before .
One could argue that the CEO of a billion - dollar company who is managing a crisis like the one we are having now , whose decision making impacts millions of jobs , does n't have time or can't afford the risk of cancellations and delays that go along with commercial travel .
But do n't you CEOs get the optics ?
This was a PR debacle .
Your belated statements about needing your jets for security reasons just did n't cut it .
Although , with each passing day that becomes a more legitimate defense , as people get angrier and angrier .
Frankly , you should have just said " We are trying to save literally millions of jobs right now , and every second counts . "
Today GM announced it 's giving up two of its corporate jets .
Looks like GM is finally starting to get that appearances count and that shared sacrifice is the message of the day .
Let 's hope the other CEOs take heed .
This stuff matters .
You 're not talking to shareholders or staff members ; you 're talking to Congress .
And Congress does n't work for you ; it works for millions of Americans who are struggling and getting pretty desperate for a way out .
iReport.com : How is the auto industry 's decline affecting you ?
You need to figure out how to speak their language .
Your credibility is on the line , and so is your business .
You blew it once , and now Congress is giving you a second chance , even though plenty of people think you do n't deserve one .
Millions of jobs and millions of people 's futures are on the line .
So for the moment , park the jet and put yourself in the shoes of that Michigan factory worker who is scared to death , and rightly so .
And do n't blow it again .
All About U.S. Congress
American voters may have enthusiastically chosen to send Barack Obama to the White House as the next president of the United States , but the Bush Administration still has 76 days in office and seems to be making the most of that time by passing a host of so - called " midnight regulations . "
Many of these last - minute rule changes relax environmental regulations , and watchdog groups say these controversial changes may be difficult for the incoming president to undo .
Some of the rule changes
would ease or lift constraints on private industry , including power plants , mines and farms .
Those and other regulations would help clear obstacles to some commercial ocean - fishing activities , ease controls on emissions of pollutants that contribute to global warming , relax drinking - water standards and lift a key restriction on mountaintop coal mining [ Washington Post ] .
If the rules take effect before inauguration day , the incoming Obama Administration would have to begin a long and complicated regulatory process to reverse them .
Environmental groups and good governance groups have joined together to call for a ban on these last - minute moves .
John Kostyack of the National Wildlife Federation ... said citizens are cut out of the process , allowing changes in U.S. law that the public opposes , such as rolling back protections under the Endangered Species Act [ Reuters ] .
One of the rules would relax requirements that road - and pipeline - builders consider the impact of their projects on endangered species .
Some of the other expected changes will allow increased emissions from power plants , factories , and oil refineries , and will permit coal mining operations to dump toxic waste in valleys and streams .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto defends the rules , arguing that the Bush Administration is n't trying to push through an excessive number of midnight regulations , it 's just finishing up its final tasks .
" The number of regulations under review has remained fairly constant .
There is no great increase in the number of regulations that we are reviewing right now . " ... Fratto also pointed out that not all the regulations would be viewed positively by business and industry .
" Some of the regulations that are coming through I think are not , maybe not , particularly welcome by members of the business community " [ AFP ] .
Image : flickr / ~MVI ~
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
They 've got it set up so that if you 're a filmmaker and want it to be shown on the vast majority of movie screens in America , you need an MPAA rating .
The North American Theater Owners ( no , seriously , they call themselves NATO ) , which consist of the biggest chain theaters in America , by and large will not show an unrated movie .
Nor will they show a movie rated NC - 17 , which is why one romantic comedy after another is ruined by their refusal to show penetration .
DVD rental giant Blockbuster also does n't do NC - 17 , and neither does Wal - Mart .
So in short , the ratings system is entirely voluntary and you do n't have to go through the process .
Unless , you know , you were hoping people would get a chance to ever actually see your work .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This is why Hollywood contractually obligates filmmakers bring the movie in for at least an R rating .
But luckily , the MPAA is honest and open with filmmakers about how their films are rated .
Oh , wait , no .
It 's the exact opposite of that .
The MPAA is a black box : you submit a film , it spits out a rating for that film , and that 's it .
You can recut the film , but they wo n't tell you what to cut or why .
So do you cut from the orgy , or the exploding skull scene ?
Or maybe trim two minutes off the sequence where a cow shits a leprechaun ?
All you can do is guess .
But you can appeal , right ?
Sure you can !
The appeals board consists of ... members of NATO , representatives of the clergy and studio heads .
Good luck !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Better Get Used to it ...
The MPAA is n't going anywhere .
It 's a fairly effective lobbying group , and people like the ratings system , even though it appears consumers largely ignore it ( how many of you actually did n't see an R - rated movie until age 17 ? ) .
Will they loosen the restrictions of " adult " material ?
Well for now , movies are actually moving in the other direction as fast as possible .
These days the challenge is all about watering movies down to the PG - 13 sweet spot ( see the Die Hard 4 fiasco ) , so forget about pushing the limits of the R vs NC - 17 envelope .
Your studio head is giving you two " fucks " and some side boob .
And maybe a pencil through a dude 's eye if you 're lucky .
It was late at night and I was riding home , tired .
The mild slope of the Boston University Bridge seemed like a pothole - strewn mountain , and the curve of Putnam Street to Harvard Square , with nary an inch to spare for cyclists , took forever .
Then at Mount Auburn and Massachusetts Avenue , I saw a flash .
A cyclist flew by , and I got a jolt of adrenaline .
The bike was like a greyhound , narrow and forward - leaning , the essence of motion .
Its rider had a U - lock stuck in his back pocket and a black T - shirt over his shoulders .
He sat straight up in the saddle , easily smoking a cigarette .
Though I 'd stayed back , he 'd sensed my presence , and the cranks started to churn .
His bike - unencumbered by derailleurs , levers , or even conventional brakes - leapt forward .
In a moment he was gone , and I was on my own again .
I 'd just met a member of the fixed - gear tribe .
As a rule , the machines we make move from simplicity to complexity .
Your grandmother 's pen became your father 's Selectric typewriter , and if your laptop has anything less than a gig of RAM , you 're feeling short - changed .
Bicycles have gone through a similar evolution , starting as wooden " boneshakers " and ending up as carbon - fiber rockets .
But they 're one story where the clock does n't always run in one direction .
" When I started riding fixed in ' 91 , ' 92 , there were only two or three other kids doing it , " said James Norton , 39 , co-owner of Revolution Bicycle Repair in Jamaica Plain .
James was a courier then - he says he worked pretty much full time until last year , when he opened the shop , then on Atlantic Avenue in Boston - and he and his friends had gotten tired of breakdowns .
Taking inspiration from track bikes , they removed everything that was n't necessary .
Much of the early equipment was improvised to a degree that boggles the mind , but it worked .
Within three to four years , James said , three - quarters of Boston 's couriers had switched to fixed - gear bikes .
And it did n't stop there , far from it .
Riders in New York and other cities had been doing the same thing , and , nearly 20 years later , what was once the exclusive reserve of couriers is now seriously mainstream : informal counts reveal fixed - gear bikes pretty much everywhere .
Sometimes it 's just a rusty conversion , other times a dazzling silver Swobo with a faux - leopard cover for its lock and chain .
In certain spots of Boston , there are even more fixed - gears on a rack than conventional ones .
The attraction is simple , literally .
Fewer parts , fewer breakdowns .
With a fixed - gear bike , the cog on the back wheel is attached the same way the one on the crank is - solidly .
If your bike moves , so must the pedals .
That provides a wonderful sense of connection to the road , but at a price .
Coasting , that childhood favorite , is out , and learning to brake with the legs takes time .
For many , though , the feel of the ride is unbeatable .
( Adds details , fresh comments from coast guard official )
MUMBAI , Nov 28 ( Reuters ) -
An Indian - owned fishing trawler may have been used to deliver militants who attacked Mumbai from the sea , coast guard officials said on Friday .
The boat was found abandoned near the Mumbai shore with communications equipment on board and could have been hijacked .
“ We also found a dead body in the vessel , ” Commandant Kulpreet Yadav told Reuters .
“ We took the boat under tow and handed it over to the police for investigation . ”
Indian investigators say the militants who attacked Mumbai , killing around 120 people , arrived by sea in rubber dinghies , but are trying to trace the ship which ferried them close to the city .
“ Whether the trawler was hijacked or not is being investigated , but some of the things found on the trawler are bad news , ” another top coast guard official said , declining to be named .
“ The boat was used to drop off men . ”
India ’s Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh pinned the blame for the attacks on militants based in a neighbouring country , usually meaning Pakistan [ ID : nLR648031 ]
Newspapers say three of the militants arrested have confessed to being Pakistani members of the Lashkar - e - Taiba group .
The NDTV news channel , citing unnamed sources , said the Indian - owned trawler had been hijacked in Pakistani waters 14 days ago .
The Indian navy has also detained two ships it believes to be Pakistani - owned and was investigating them , while a Panama - owned vessel which recently docked in Karachi had also been seized and was being checked out , officials said .
“ The vessel was considered suspicious and it was chased by a frigate and a fast - attack craft , ” the navy said in a statement .
“ A thorough check of all compartments and cargo is in progress . ” ( Writing by Simon Denyer ; Editing by Alistair Scrutton & Mark Williams )
By James Morgan
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The world 's newest " super microscope " is fired up and ready to go .
The £ 200 m second target station at Isis in Oxfordshire will allow scientists to see things 10,000 times thinner than a human hair .
The machine is known as a pulsed neutron source .
But what does that actually mean ?
Well , if you 're a physicist curious to see how matter behaves when no - one is looking , then Isis is your private snoop .
If you 're an engineer trying to make the hydrogen car a working reality , then Isis is your genie .
World leader
Want to see how spiders spin silk stronger than steel ?
Or peer into a newborn baby 's lungs as they take their first breath ?
How neutrons are made at the new £ 200 m
Isis target station
In detail
Isis will grant your wishes - and you get more than three .
Up to 40 different experiments can run side by side , now that the second target station " Isis 2 " is open .
No wonder that physicists from across the globe will be flying in to seek an audience with the oracle , which resides at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , at Harwell Science and Innovation Campus .
Their areas of interest stretch the breadth of the Universe - from the darkest corners of quantum mechanics , to the supermarket shelf .
Theory geeks searching for the elusive " Boson peak " will stand side - by - side with a Dutch group who are studying cheese .
Both groups have turned to neutron scattering as a powerful tool for examining their materials at the atomic level - the positioning , spacing , and the forces between the individual atoms .
This Airbus wing is an example of Isis ' everyday applications " Essentially , it 's a giant camera , " says Andrew Taylor , the Director of Isis , which is owned and operated by the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) .
" Let 's do a simple experiment - take your Biro pen and bend it .
What do you see ?
One side stretches and the other contracts - the individual atoms are getting closer or further apart .
" Now imagine your pen is the turbine blade of a Rolls Royce jet engine - operating under vast mechanical and thermal stresses .
" Isis allows you to measure these stresses , and see how they alter the spacing between each individual atom of the turbine .
" And you 're not just taking a snapshot - you can watch how this changes over time , with temperature , or any other variable .
" You 're not just sending a postcard ; you 're making a little video story . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The first target station , Isis 1 , has exceeded all expectations since it opened in 1984 .
It has answered fundamental questions - about magnetism at the atomic level , or the properties of " Buckyballs " - synthetic carbon molecules , once hailed as the great hope of nanotechnology .
But equally , it has solved " everyday " problems - the causes of railway crashes , or the most economic way to make fabric softener .
New frontiers
The second target station will open new frontiers - soft condensed matter , bio -molecular sciences , and advanced materials .
SPYING ON ATOMS
How Isis goes through the keyhole " Throughout the 90s , it became apparent that there was some science that we just could n't do with Isis 1 , " said Andrew Taylor .
" We wanted to look at polymers , surfactants , aggregates - these things have got structures bigger than just a few tenths of angstroms .
" Bigger molecules need neutrons which are matched to their structure - longer wavelength neutrons . "
The new target station supplies these .
It also has a greater flux ( flow of neutrons per second ) allowing greater control of intensity , and quicker experiments - ideal if you are a researcher visiting from Japan for just three days of beam time .
At its core is a lump of tungsten metal the size of a packet of biscuits - the " target " - into which pulses of protons are fired at 84 % of the speed of light .
The target radiates neutrons like a discoball scatters light - 20,000 million million per second .
Surrounding it is a ring of colour - coded bunkers , inside which scientists place their samples - be they toothpaste or turbine blades .
STRONGER THAN STEEL
Solving the spider silk mystery Each bunker houses a different experimental tool for imaging matter .
The neutrons are like pinballs fired into the sample , cannoning off the atoms inside and spraying out on to a detector .
By recording the angles they pop out , scientists can plot the atomic structure of the sample material , without breaking it open , or cutting it up .
And whereas other high - resolution microscopy techniques only scratch the surface of a material , Isis can give a cross sectional view of the material in its natural state .
Take a pint of beer .
To watch the individual alcohol molecules flirting with different water molecules , you need to observe them in the aqueous environment .
Spiders and silkworms spin their silk from liquid precursors - creating fibres far stronger than anything we humans can synthesise artificially .
So how do they do it ?
Scientists from the Oxford Silk Group have been using Isis 1 to measure the properties of the liquid silk ingredients .
Isis 2 is equipped with more powerful experiments , which will reveal how the silk recipe is stored and prepared .
Isis ( left ) and Diamond ( right ) have different techniques for visualising matter
Meanwhile , on a global scale , the new target station will help Isis to compete with other neutron sources .
They include the Institut Laue - Langevin ( ILL ) , Grenoble , France , which uses a continuous nuclear reactor as its neutron source , and the Spallation Neutron Source ( SNS ) , in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , US , which is based on Isis technology , only with higher beam powers .
Rival machines
But is neutron scattering really so special ?
After all , there are other types of super - microscope - one within eyesight of Isis .
The Diamond synchrotron light source uses highly focused beams of X - rays to probe deep into the basic structure of matter and materials .
But Isis can do some things that Diamond just cannot .
Andrew Taylor , director of Isis , with his team " We see matter in a different way , " Andrew Taylor explains .
" Neutrons see the nucleus of the atom .
X - rays see the electrons .
" And that means that neutrons see the hydrogens .
X - rays do n't .
" Take uranium hydride .
Uranium 's got 92 electrons and hydrogen has one .
The X - rays have no idea where the hydrogen is .
" But neutrons see the hydrogen and uranium nuclei with equal magnitude . "
No wonder that automotive engineers aiming to design hydrogen storage materials are working with Isis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has accused his Republican rival John McCain of negative campaigning 10 days before polling day .
Mr Obama , appearing in Nevada , said the " ugly phone calls , the misleading mail and TV ads , the careless , outrageous comments " were preventing " change " .
Mr McCain accused Mr Obama in New Mexico of starting a victory lap before winning the election .
The two men are focusing on vital states in the west of the country .
Nevada , New Mexico and Colorado were all Republican at the last election but could prove crucial if the vote is tight on 4 November .
All the main national opinion polls suggest Barack Obama has a strong lead .
' Batman and Robin ' Mr Obama , returning to the campaign trail after two days off in which he flew to his ailing grandmother in Hawaii , said a negative campaign was not what the country needed .
" In the final days of campaigns , the say - anything , do - anything politics too often takes over ... " he said in Las Vegas , Nevada .
" The American people do n't want to hear politicians attack each other - you want to hear about how we 're going to attack the challenges facing middle - class families each and every day . "
Both Mr McCain and Mr Obama appeared in Albuquerque on Saturday Later , in Albuquerque , New Mexico , he sought to tie Mr McCain to the policies of the outgoing Republican President , George W Bush .
" John McCain 's mad at George Bush , so opposed to George Bush 's policies , that he voted with him 90 % of the time for the past eight years , " he told a mass rally .
" That 's right , he decided to really stick it to George Bush 10 % of the time ...
It 's like Robin getting mad at Batman . "
' Already written ' Speaking in Mesilla , New Mexico , John McCain seized on a report in the New York Times that the Obama camp had already drafted an inaugural address for the Democrat - an allegation the campaign has rejected as " completely false " .
" Senator Obama 's inaugural address is already written , " Mr McCain said .
" I 'm not making it up .
A lot of voters are undecided but he 's decided for them . "
" What America needs now is someone who will finish the race before starting the victory lap , " the Republican hopeful added .
Speaking earlier in Albuquerque , and with a Newsweek poll putting him 13 points behind Mr Obama , Mr McCain said he was happy to be the " underdog " of the election race and was going to win because " what America needs now is a fighter " .
Attempting to distance himself from President Bush , he added : " We cannot spend the next four years as we have much of the last eight , hoping for our luck to change at home and abroad . "
While campaigning on Saturday in Sioux City , Iowa , Mr McCain 's vice - presidential candidate , Sarah Palin , said her criticism of Obama had not been negative .
" Do n't be made to feel guilty - I 'm not feeling guilty , " she said as calls of " he 's a socialist " were heard from the crowd .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bomb ' soon to be thing of the past '
By Angus Crawford
BBC News , Germany
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement On 3 December , more than 100 countries , including the UK , will sign a treaty banning cluster bombs .
As a result Britain , by law , will have to destroy more than 30 million explosives .
The UK does not have the facilities , so they are being exported to Germany for disposal .
" I feel good to work for a good thing in the world and for peace , " says Jorg Fiegert , production manager for Nammo Demil .
It runs a site in Pinnow in Germany which destroys munitions .
Over the next five years its work will include taking apart bomblets from British cluster munitions .
" It can punch through armour , " Jorg explains as he holds up a British bomblet .
It is only the size of an egg cup , and came from the MLRS , the Multiple Launch Rocket System .
Each one has six rockets , and within each rocket are 644 bomblets .
They are designed to split open in the air and spread small bomblets over a wide area .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cluster bombs have been used in countries including Cambodia , Kosovo , Afghanistan and Lebanon , and were used in the conflict in Lebanon in 2006 .
Those who ratify the convention in December will then have eight years to get rid of their stockpiles of the weapons .
The UK government had already begun getting rid of its stocks by shipping them to Germany and elsewhere .
Nammo has a contract with the UK Ministry of Defence to destroy 28 million of these bomblets , and there are another 3.5 million in other systems to be disposed of .
" In principle everything except the explosive can be recycled , " explains Ola Pikner , Nammo 's vice president of marketing .
Whole weapons enter the factory , but raw materials for civilian use leave it .
He shows me how the MLRS rocket is split open .
The bomblets are extracted , the fuses are cut off and the copper inners are removed .
The explosive is then burnt off using red hot plasma .
The bombs have been used in Cambodia , Lebanon and Kosovo
The copper , aluminium and other metals are sold for scrap .
The packaging for the bomblets is burnt for heating .
This will take up to 40 % of their work for the next five years .
" There is huge potential " , says Ola Pikner , " but the number of cluster munitions from each country is not known . "
Campaigners believe there may be as many as a billion of them across Europe .
But the world 's biggest users - Israel and the USA - will not sign this treaty .
Nor , it 's thought , will China , Russia , India and Pakistan .
But Thomas Nash from the Cluster Munition Coalition remains undaunted by this .
" What you are going to see is a comprehensive stigmatisation of the weapon , " he says .
" Countries that do n't sign up wo n't be able to use this weapon on operations with those that do .
" You 're going to see this weapon becoming a thing of the past . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness .
wikiHow 's Content Management
Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high quality standards .
This article has been viewed 2,797,032 times .
X
To make a duct tape wallet , start by cutting a strip of duct tape that 's 9 inches long and placing it sticky - side up in front of you .
Cut a second strip of duct tape that 's the same length , then place it sticky - side down halfway up the first one .
Next , fold the exposed sticky portion of the first strip over the second strip to create a smooth edge , and flip the duct tape over so the sticky portion of the second strip is now exposed .
Add another strip of duct tape sticky - side down halfway up the first 2 strips , and continue flipping the duct tape and adding new strips until the piece of duct tape is about 8 inches long .
At that point , trim off the ends of the strips so the edges are even , and fold the rectangular piece of duct tape in half .
Tape the edges closed , then fold the duct tape in half the opposite way .
To add a pocket , start by cutting 2 strips of duct tape and pressing them together so the sticky sides are n't exposed .
Then , tape the sides and bottom of the strip to the inside of your wallet , and slide cards or cash into the opening at the top .
To learn how to make a pocket with a window ID in your duct tape wallet , scroll down !
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Modern humans had reached the Levant by 100,000 years ago Researchers have found a possible new route taken by early modern humans as they expanded out of Africa to colonise the rest of the world .
A study published in the journal PNAS proposes a " wet corridor " through Libya for ancient human migrations .
Rivers once flowed from the central Saharan watershed all the way to the Mediterranean , the team explains .
This might have enabled modern humans to spread beyond their ancestral homeland about 120,000 years ago .
The Sahara then covered most of North Africa , as it does now .
So it would have presented a formidable obstacle for early modern humans wishing to cross from the south to the north of the continent .
Researchers had previously focused on the Nile Valley as the principal route of dispersal into other continents by early representatives of our species .
Previous data show there was increased rainfall across the southern part of the Sahara between 130,000 and 170,000 years ago ; in a gap between Ice Ages known as the last interglacial period .
The researchers , from the universities of Bristol , Southampton , Oxford , Hull and Tripoli in Libya , investigated whether these wetter conditions had reached a lot further north than previously thought .
Radar images from space revealed fossil river channels crossing the Sahara in Libya , flowing north from the central Saharan watershed to the Mediterranean coast .
Using geochemical tests , the scientists showed the channels were active during the last interglacial .
This would have created vital water courses across an otherwise arid region , the researchers write in PNAS .
It 's a possible route that the early modern humans could have taken
Anne Osborne , University of Bristol
The central Saharan watershed is a range of volcanic mountains formerly considered to be the limit of this wetter region .
Researchers analysed the forms , or isotopes , of different chemical elements in snail shells from two sites in the fossil river channels and from the shells of planktonic microfossils in the Mediterranean .
Despite being hundreds of kilometres from the volcanic rocks of the Saharan watershed , the tests revealed a distinct volcanic signature to these shells , which was quite different to rocks from surrounding sites .
The scientists concluded that water flowing from the volcanic mountains of the central Sahara was the only possible source of this signature .
" It 's a possible route that the early modern humans could have taken , " lead author Anne Osborne , from the earth sciences group at Bristol , told BBC News .
Similarities in the style of stone tools being made in Chad and Sudan with those manufactured in Libya during this key period , lend the theory some support , say the scientists .
" We now need to focus archaeological fieldwork around the large drainage channels an palaeo - lakes to test these ideas , " said co-author Dr Nick Barton , from the University of Oxford .
Although it is unclear which routes they took to get there , Homo sapiens had reached the Levant by around 100,000 years ago , where their remains are known from Es Skhul and Qafzeh in Israel .
However , this appears to have been an early , failed foray outside Africa by modern humans .
By 75,000 years ago , Neanderthals had replaced our species in the region .
Then , about 45,000 years ago , modern humans reoccupied the area .
Genetic evidence suggests that populations living outside Africa today are the descendents of a migration which originated in the east of the continent between 60 - 70,000 years ago .
Some of these pioneers probably crossed the Red Sea at the Bab - el - Mandab straits , taking them from the Horn of Africa across to the Arabian Peninsula .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Combine chicken with white rice and mushroom soup to make a filling casserole that requires only 10 minutes of preparation time .
The dish can be served on its own , as a side dish , sandwich or tortilla wrap .
A basic baked chicken and rice with mushroom soup recipe yields enough for six servings .
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Preheat an oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit .
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Combine two cooked , cubed chicken breasts , two 10 - oz .
cans cream of mushroom soup , 1 3/ 4 cup water , 1 tbsp .
ground black pepper and 1 cup white rice in a mixing bowl .
Stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is smooth .
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Pour the mixture into a baking pan .
Use the wooden spoon to spread the rice evenly in the pan , if it clumps up in one spot , the casserole will cook unevenly .
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and place into the oven .
Bake for 55 minutes .
Melissa Kirk / Demand Media
Bacon is probably one of the best things to have ever been discovered in our universe .
It is to man ...
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
US Senate majority leader Harry Reid said yesterday that Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska cannot remain a senator even if he 's re-elected tomorrow because he 's a convicted felon .
Stevens , 84 , was convicted last week in federal court on seven felony counts of failing to report gifts and services , including renovations that doubled the size of his Alaska home .
Since his conviction , Stevens has continued to campaign for re-election , even as he maintains his innocence and says he " has not been convicted of anything " .
Stevens , who is appealing the jury verdict , has been relying on the technical definition of " conviction " , which does n't take effect until sentencing .
His sentencing has been postponed pending his appeal .
Stevens , who 's served in the Senate since 1968 , faces his most difficult re-election bid ever tomorrow against Democrat Mark Begich , the mayor of Anchorage .
Reid 's statement came in response to a press release issued on Saturday night by the Stevens campaign .
In it , Stevens trumpets the claims of his longtime friend , Senator Daniel Inouye , a Democrat from Hawaii , who testified as a character witness in Stevens ' corruption trial .
Stevens ,
Inouye said in the press release , " will retain his Senate seat while the legal process moves forward " .
" As the Senate has done in every other instance in its long 220 - year history , I am absolutely confident that Ted Stevens will be sworn into the Senate while he appeals this unjust verdict , " Inouye said .
" I am certain that this decision in Washington , DC , will be overturned on appeal . "
Not so , said Reid , a Nevada Democrat .
" While I respect the opinion of Senator Daniel Inoyue , the reality is that a convicted felon is not going to be able to serve in the United States Senate , " Reid said .
" And as precedent shows us , Senator Stevens will face an ethics committee investigation and expulsion , regardless of his appeals process .
This is not a partisan issue and it is unfortunate that Senator Stevens has used his longtime friendship with Senator Inouye for partisan political gain . "
Reid said that Stevens need look no further than the comments made by Stevens ' fellow Republicans , including Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell from Kentucky , who said there would be " zero tolerance " for a convicted felon in the Senate .
Reid also referred to statements made by the head of the committee charged with re-electing Republican senators , Senator John Ensign of Nevada .
Ensign said he was " disappointed to see his career end in disgrace " .
If that 's not enough , Reid said , consider what Republican presidential candidate John McCain , a fellow senator , said : Stevens has " broken his trust with the people and should now step down " .
McCain 's running mate , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , also has called on Stevens to step down .
WASHINGTON  When President Bush welcomed leaders from around the world to the White House on Friday night , for what may well be one of the last formal dinners of his administration , the topic was the fragile world economy and the lush menu , belying the financial crisis , featured thyme - roasted rack of lamb .
But the real story was in the seating chart .
There , in the State Dining Room beneath a massive portrait of Abraham Lincoln , to Mr. Bush ’s right was President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of Brazil , who has complained loudly that developing nations like his were being “ infected with problems ” not of their making .
To Mr. Bush ’s left sat a leader with a fat checkbook and the power that comes with it , President Hu Jintao of China .
It was a startling illustration of the way the financial crisis , which originated on Wall Street and has spread around the globe , has remade the international economic world order .
By insisting that developing nations be included in the summit meeting , President Bush gave fresh clout to their leaders , each of whom arrived in Washington with his or her own agenda .
But it will be up to a new United States president , Barack Obama , to figure out how to juggle those competing interests  and quickly .
The declaration adopted by the leaders on Saturday calls for a second summit just 101 days after Mr. Obama is sworn in .
All around Washington this weekend , as black motorcades sped about town and fancy hotels were marked off with the tell - tale police barricades , a sure sign a world leader was in residence , was evidence of Mr. Obama ’s challenge .
NORML has one of the largest cannabis - related archives in the world and it is replete with headlines that are hysterical , funny , shocking , propagandistic , dumb , witty , ironic and in the case of the front page splash of the September 14 Peninsula Daily News ( Port Angeles and Sequim area of Washington State ) , revealing .
Click here for scanned story : copters.pdf
5 - Day Copter Patrols Net 20 Pot Plants ?!
Wow and with gas being priced such as it is , along with additional personnel and equipment costs , at what cost to the taxpayers is this folly ?
And , but of course , like most outdoor eradication efforts , no one was arrested for the cultivated cannabis found by the government ’s eyes in the sky .
Like me , do n’t you want to know the per / plant cost to taxpayers for this kind of ineffective eradication efforts ?
According to the article the DEA funded the helicopter searches and it is unlikely to replicate this scale operation on the OP in the near future because of the paltry amount of plants eradicated .
By the way , the effort to eradicate cannabis plants growing in the OP was hampered by mountain and sea fog ( Can you imagine that on the OP in the early fall ? ) , which is important to note because most years five to six law enforcement personnel unfortunately perish nationwide in ill - fated and totally unnecessary domestic cannabis over flights with fog being cited as a major source of the crashes .
Let ’s all work together to turn these anti-cannabis cowboys in the skies into revenue officers whose only job is to account for cannabis plants ( and industrial hemp plants ) as a source of regulated commerce and tens of billions annually in tax revenues .
In fact , the public and politicians should consider replacing an ineffective DEA with FACT : Firearm , Alcohol , Cannabis and Tobacco , an updated division of ATF at the US Treasury .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The customer experience of the future puts a priority on convenience at every turn .
And Olea is leading the charge , creating innovations in self - service technology that make transactional experiences faster and easier for more than 40 years .
As the implosion of the defeated Republican campaign continued yesterday , the landscape of American conservatism was dotted with signs that these were very strange times indeed .
Rush Limbaugh , behemoth of rightwing radio , took to the airwaves to declare war on two enemies : Barack Obama and the Republican party .
Bloggers at FreeRepublic.com , an internet hub for conservatives , announced a boycott of Fox News and John McCain 's aides fell over one another to leak embarrassing details about the campaign to the press .
Liberals , indulging in what the writer Andrew Sullivan termed " Palinfreude " , were presented with a smorgasbord , ranging from the tale of how McCain 's pro-Palin foreign policy adviser had his Blackberry confiscated in the closing days of the race , to how the party had paid for Todd Palin 's silk boxer shorts .
The fighting consuming the McCain and Palin camps threatened to derail broader efforts to overhaul the Republican party after Tuesday 's decisive defeat , for which some insiders blamed Sarah Palin .
Veterans of the right gathered in the Shenandoah Valley , Virginia , on Thursday for a summit on the movement 's future , but even as they did so , the blame went on .
" Ladies and gentlemen , it is worse than I thought , " Limbaugh told listeners .
" What the Republican party , led by disgruntled and failed McCain staffers , is trying to do to Sarah Palin , is unconscionable ...
There are country - club , blue - blood ...
Republicans who want nothing to do with a firebrand conservative [ who ] can fire up people . "
He added : " We 're going to be taking on two things here [ over ] the next four years : Obama , and our own party establishment . "
John Fund , a Wall Street Journal columnist , said he had received multiple calls from campaign aides wanting " to use me as a conduit for their complaints " .
" Some on the McCain campaign staff seem more eager than most to settle scores , " he noted .
The main ammunition in the war was a lengthening list of allegations against Palin : that she thought Africa was a country ; that she failed to inform the campaign about a scheduled call with Nicolas Sarkozy which turned out to be a prank ; that she refused to undergo coaching prior to her disastrous interviews with CBS anchor Katie Couric ; that she could n't name the three countries in the North America Free Trade Agreement ; and that the party had spent up to $ 70,000 ( £ 45,000 ) on " wardrobe items " for Palin and " luxury goods " for her husband , in addition to the $ 150,000 already reported .
( Some of the claims were revealed by Fox , hence the boycott . )
The New York Times reported that when Palin met McCain in Phoenix on Tuesday night , she held the text of a speech she planned to deliver , in defiance of campaign convention , and had to be overruled .
The attacks are partly ideological : some blame Palin and her social - conservative supporters for blunting McCain 's appeal to independents , while others believe Palin could be the populist , hawkish figurehead of a revitalised Republican future .
But there is plenty of self - interest at stake .
" This blame game is the consultants - the people who make their living running campaigns and do n't want to be blamed , because they need another job , " said Al Regnery , publisher of the American Spectator , and former president of Regnery Publishing , the company behind many recent rightwing bestsellers .
At Thursday 's summit , he said , " there was a lot of discussion about these people , who always seem to come back , whether they win or lose , and get paid a lot of money .
We said we thought our side would be much better off without them . "
The sniping at Palin has provoked a backlash .
One influential website ,
RedState.com , announced Operation Leper , designed to blacklist campaign staffers believed to be responsible .
" We intend to constantly remind the base about these people , monitor who they are working for , and , when 2012 rolls around , see which candidates hire them , " it explained .
There was speculation that the culprits may be former aides to Mitt Romney , positioning their hero for a future presidential run .
The collapse of the McCain - Palin alliance began long before election day , Steve Schmidt , a senior McCain adviser , speaking to reporters on the candidate 's plane , was making little effort to hide his disdain for Palin .
Asked if her presence on the ticket had been a disadvantage , he twice refused to answer .
Randy Scheunemann , McCain 's foreign policy chief , this week denied reports that he had been fired in the final stage of the campaign for siding with Palin and leaking " poison " on McCain to the pro-Palin columnist William Kristol .
But even one of his allies , Michael Goldfarb , told reporters that Scheunemann 's Blackberry had been confiscated in the days before the election .
Kristol , who in one column advised McCain to " fire " his campaign , scoffed at reports that he had advised Palin .
" I 'm afraid it shows how paranoid some of these McCain aides have gotten - they should take a good rest after a tough campaign , " he told Fox .
He had met Palin once in his life , he continued , and interviewed her once by phone .
" You know why this is really disgusting and disgraceful ? " he said .
" It 's disloyal to John McCain .
Who selected Sarah Palin ?
John McCain .
Who defended Sarah Palin for the last three months ?
John McCain . "
Returning to Alaska , Palin dismissed the criticisms , attributing them to " a small , bitter type of person " .
Instead , she has emphasised perhaps the only thing that still unites her and her supporters with McCain loyalists : hostility towards the media .
She had " a little bit of disappointment in my heart about the world of journalism today " , she said , while McCain 's closest aide , Mark Salter , told Politico : " Maybe if the media had been fair , we still would have lost .
But there were two different standards of scrutiny for us and Obama . "
Palin offered to help reporters confront their problems .
" I want to ... help restore some credibility there , " she said .
From the creators of Frisky Dingo and Sealab 2021 ( 70 - 30 productions ) comes the new series the Xtacles .
If those two shows are any indication then the Xtacles are in great hands , the only problem is that their premier episode did n’t do so well in the ratings so here ’s Mack from 70 - 30 with a request :
“ Hey guys !
Mack from 70 - 30 here .
I just wanted to drop in and give you guys a heads up .
Basically , we need you to watch the Xtacles again this Friday at midnight ( right after Family Guy ) .
Unfortunately , the ratings on Sunday night were not what we ’d hoped for .
There was a significant drop between Superjail and our show .
This is very bad … cancel the show bad .
We ’re all very excited about the Xtacles and hope to be working on many more episodes , but unless there is a significant bump in the ratings this Friday night these two episodes may be the only you ever see .
AS is under a lot of pressure to deliver good ratings with the economy in the shitter , so even though we ’re getting a lot of positive feedback from the network , RATINGS are what we need right now .
Please email all of your friends and encourage them to watch the Xtacles Friday night at midnight . ”
The episode will be airing at midnight eastern time on Adult Swim ( Cartoon Network ) .
Here ’s what Wikipedia has to say about the show :
“ The Xtacles is an animated comedy television series created by Matt Thompson .
It is a spin -off of the Adult Swim animated series Frisky Dingo , in which the Xtacles , Xander Crews ’ private army , take a lead role .
The series revolves around the Xtacles ’ lack of direction following the abduction of their leader by aliens at the end of Frisky Dingo .
They take on random missions from President Stan , who returns from the previous series .
The series is currently in production , and premiered its first two episodes on November 9 , 2008 at midnight . ”
If the quality ’s anywhere near Frisky Dingo and Sealab 2021 it should be hilarious .
That ’s right I have n’t watched it yet , but I do have it recorded on my DVR , and I ’ll be tuning in this Friday night .
ANOKA , Minn . 
The hottest campaign here this year pits a veteran Republican politician against a Democratic newcomer and has people debating the need for change and which candidate can help fix the economy .
It 's not the presidential race between John McCain and Barack Obama that has people in this Minneapolis suburb buzzing .
It 's the close , costly and contentious U.S. Senate contest between Republican incumbent Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken , a comedian , writer and first - time candidate .
50 STATES/50 DAYS : Read the full series
A poll Oct. 22 by Rasmussen Reports found Franken leading Coleman , 41%- 37 % , with Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley at 17 % .
A few months ago , Franken faced questions about his entertainment company 's unpaid taxes and a 2000 Playboy humor column , in which he described visiting a fictional sex institute , and his campaign seemed stalled , says Larry Jacobs , director of the Center for the Study of Politics and Governance at the University of Minnesota .
Growing economic worries changed that , Jacobs says .
" Franken has been surfing the bad news in America , and his campaign has really got that anti-Republican wind in its sails . "
Topic A : the economy
Over lunch at Legal Grounds , a downtown coffee shop , Jeff Christopher , 66 , a retired carpenter , and his daughter Aleesha Ackerman , 32 , a secretary , say they usually disagree on politics .
He 's inclined to support Republicans , and she leans to Democrats .
Concern about the economy , though , has both of them planning to vote for Franken .
" Everybody 's talking about the economy because it 's right in their living room , " Ackerman says .
Salaries at the RV dealership where her mother - in - law works were just cut in half , and Ackerman worries about her own job .
Franken , she says , " seems more in touch with people who are struggling . "
Her dad adds , " He 's going to listen to the people . "
At a nearby table , sheriff 's detectives Edward Egly , 53 , and Larry Johnson , 44 , say they will vote for Coleman .
" I 'm not going to throw a senior senator out because a guy moves here from New York and decides to run , " Egly says .
The economy is important , he says , but so is national security , and he agrees with Coleman 's tough stance on terrorism .
Franken 's family moved to Minnesota when he was 4 , and he returned to the state in 2005 .
A Franken win could help the Democrats fulfill their goal of reaching 60 Senate votes .
With two independents , Democrats hold a 51 - 49 voting majority but need 60 to end filibusters .
The Minnesota Senate race is the most expensive congressional race in the country , according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Coleman raised almost $ 18 million and Franken about $ 16 million , Federal Election Commission reports show .
It also has been notable for negative TV ads by the campaigns and national parties .
Franken 's ads accused Coleman of doing nothing to prevent wasteful contracts in Iraq , and ads by Coleman 's campaign and the GOP characterized Franken as angry , profane and unfit for office .
This month , Coleman announced plans to pull all his negative ads , but there were plenty of fireworks at Friday 's debate .
The candidates tangled over taxes , gun control and economic policies .
Coleman charged that Franken would raise taxes , while Franken accused Coleman of wanting " to continue the Bush economic policy . "
Barkley , who helped manage Jesse Ventura 's 1998 gubernatorial campaign and portrays his candidacy as a way to end partisanship , said after one testy exchange : " This is why I 'm running .
This is what 's wrong . "
Obama leading in polls
The stakes in the presidential race are high , too : Obama is counting on 10 Electoral College votes from the state , which has n't backed a Republican presidential candidate since Richard Nixon in 1972 .
The Rasmussen poll taken Oct. 22 found Obama up 56 % - 41 % in Minnesota .
Neal Allen , an associate professor of political science at the College of Saint Benedict and Saint John 's University , says Franken stands to benefit most from concerns about the economy , which could outweigh his inexperience .
" If this election is about the differences between Al Franken and Norm Coleman , then likely Coleman wins , " he says .
" Franken has picked up support … because economic problems have made voters more receptive to Democratic appeals on the economy . "
Anoka County is a swing county with a history of pivoting between Republican and Democratic candidates .
Its voters supported President Bush in 2000 and 2004 while his Democratic opponents carried the state .
In the two top 2006 races , Anoka County voters favored Republican Tim Pawlenty over his Democratic opponent in the governor 's race , and Democrat Amy Klobuchar over a Republican in a U.S. Senate race .
That divide makes for strong partisan views here , but economic anxiety unites most voters .
" I have no business anymore .
It 's in the toilet , " says Dee Kopp , owner of Yours , Mine & Ours antique shop .
She 's not a big McCain fan , she says , but she 'll vote for him and Coleman because she trusts Republicans to keep taxes low .
Hunger for change in Washington motivates Mark Vetsch , 57 , owner of Mr. Mark Music , a downtown store .
" I 'm going to vote against anybody with ties to the current administration , " he says .
" Things have to change . "
Making Biodiesel From Waste Using Nature 's Own Chemical Plant
Petroleum is the feedstock for many products in the chemical industry but it is becoming increasingly expensive .
Renewable raw materials are an alternative but we quickly learned that , despite the beliefs of activists in the 1980s and 1990s , fuel from food was not a good idea .
Thanks to white industrial biotechnology , chemical substances can also be derived from waste products generated by the food industry , leftover biomass from agriculture and forestry , and residual materials .
Researchers of the Fraunhofer Institute for Interfacial Engineering and Biotechnology IGB in Stuttgart are demonstrating how this biotechnical recycling works , using colza , whey and crab shells as examples .
When producing biodiesel from colza oil , raw glycerol is accrued as a byproduct .
Scientists at the IGB have now developed a method of converting this raw glycerol into 1,3 - propandiol – a chemical base for producing polyesters or wood paint .
Until now , 1,3 - propandiol has always been chemically synthesized , but it can also be derived from glycerol by certain micro-organisms .
Clostridium diolis bacteria , for example , can produce a comparatively high yield of chemical feedstock .
However , these bacteria cannot convert raw glycerol .
This is because raw glycerol contains fatty acids left over from the colza oil , and these have to be separated out .
" Furthermore , high concentrations of both the glycerol substrate and the 1,3 - propandiol product inhibit the growth of the bacteria , " says Dr. Wolfgang Krischke of the IGB , pointing out another challenge in developing this biotechnological process .
" We have managed to solve this problem to a large extent by keeping the bioreactor in continuous operation , because once the glycerol has been almost fully converted , it loses its inhibiting effect .
In this way , we have achieved a stable process with high product concentrations . "
The fatty acids can be converted by yeasts to long chain dicarboxylic acids providing novel building blocks for polymer industries .
One of the byproducts obtained from the manufacture of dairy products is acid whey , which until now has always been disposed of at considerable cost .
However , the milk sugar ( lactose ) contained in the whey can be converted into lactic acid ( lactate ) with the help of lactic acid bacteria .
Lactate not only serves as a preservative agent and acidifier in food production , but can also be used as a feedstock in the chemical industry – for example in the production of polylactides , which are biodegradable polymers .
Such polylactic acids are already being used to make disposable crockery and screws for surgical operations .
A tough week for jail and prison guards , and a pair of Virginia deputies could find themselves in trouble .
Let 's get to it :
In Wytheville , Virginia , the Smyth County sheriff has launched an internal probe after sworn affidavits for search warrants in a federal drug case linked two deputies to the subject of those warrants .
Sheriff David Bradley would not confirm reports that one deputy had been fired and another suspended , nor were the deputies named .
According to the affidavits , based in part on what the suspect unwittingly told confidential informants , one deputy , " Deputy A , " " uses methamphetamine , cocaine , and prescription pills but his drug of choice is methamphetamine . "
The affidavit alleged that Deputy A scored from Anthony Richardson , former chief of the Damascus Police Department , who is currently facing multiple meth conspiracy and distribution charges in state court .
" Deputy B , " identified as a Smyth County Sheriff 's narcotics investigator , " used to steal drugs and give them to [ the suspect ] to sell , " according to the DEA 's affidavit .
No word on when or if a grand jury indictment is coming down .
In Clovis , New Mexico , a Curry County jail guard was arrested and fired August 7 for trying to smuggle drugs into the county jail .
Former jail guard Julian Patrick Garcia , 36 , is charged with possession with intent to distribute cocaine , possession with intent to distribute marijuana , bringing contraband into a jail , conspiracy to distribute controlled substances , attempt to commit a felony by furnishing drugs to a prisoner and a misdemeanor count of possession of drug paraphernalia .
Garcia went down as a result of an internal investigation at the jail after officials heard allegations an inmate was arranging for drugs to be smuggled in .
At last word , Garcia was trying to make a $ 56,000 bond .
In Lincoln , Nebraska , a state prison guard was arrested August 8 for allegedly smuggling drugs and tobacco into the Nebraska State Penitentiary .
Andrew Myers , 23 , faces a charge of providing contraband to an inmate .
Myers had been under suspicion for two months .
Prison officials said they believed he had taped the contraband to his body and delivered it to an inmate in return for $ 100 .
In McAlester , Oklahoma , a former lieutenant at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary was sentenced August 8 to a series of suspended sentences after pleading guilty to felony drug charges .
Marion Bess , 44 , had faced up to life in prison .
He had pleaded guilty to possession of a controlled substance , methamphetamine ; conspiracy to deliver / manufacture / possess a controlled dangerous substance -- which carries a sentence of from seven years to life -- and unlawful use of a communication facility , meaning a telephone .
He also pleaded guilty to one more count of meth possession .
He has to do five years on probation and go to drug treatment .
Internet security suites do little to protect users against exploits , according to security notification firm Secunia .
The Danish security notification firm is urging a root and branch rethink on how security suites are designed , moving away from " ineffective signature - based detection " to a smarter form of defence .
However , an anti-virus expert whose firm 's products were not involved in the tests said Secunia 's approach only tested against one aspect of how security suites protect consumers , and were therefore potentially misleading .
Secunia tested 12 suites ( which typically bundle firewall , anti-malware and anti-spam functions ) against a range of 300 exploits targeting vulnerabilities in various high - profile programs .
Even though it blocked only 64 out of 300 exploits , Symantec 's Norton Internet Security 2009 came out best from the test , detecting almost ten times more exploits than its nearest competitor .
Security suites from the likes of Kaspersky , Check Point , Microsoft , AVG and McAfee all flopped .
Security product bundles are marketed as comprehensive Internet Security Suites , leaving the impression that the user is fully protected against internet threats .
Secunia 's tests suggest the products fail to do what they say on the tin .
Symantec has recently begun introducing behaviour - based detection , which helps to explain why its software did the best of a bad bunch .
Thomas Kristensen , chief technology officer at Secunia , said that the shortcomings of security suites combined with the fact users rarely keep systems fully patched made a recipe for trouble .
" While we did suspect that the popular security vendors would score quite poorly in detecting exploits , the extremely low detection rate took us by surprise and this really begs the question :
Does the customer get their money 's worth ? "
Computer users therefore need to keep up to date with patches in order to have any hope of withstand hacking attacks .
Secunia 's free Personal Software Inspector ( PSI ) * and the similar functionality within Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 make it easier to keep up to date with patching .
Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos , which focuses on the corporate market and did not take part in the tests , agreed that applying patches was important .
" There 's no such thing as a perfect security suite , but security software reduces threats and people should n't come away from these tests with the conclusion that they these products are ineffective . "
Cluley added that the tested problems might do better in real world conditions rather than in the lab because of run time protection .
Security products commonly scan files before they are run as well as monitoring what they are doing once they begin running .
That means that although Word files harbouring 0day exploits , for example , may make it past scanners they might be prevented from running .
" They [ Secunia ] have n't actually " run " these exploits on the computer - so it 's not really a " real - life " test of how well these security suites would perform , " Cluley explained .
" It sounds like only one aspect of the suites was tested , rather than all of the ways in which they might have been able to protect the users . "
Secunia said its tests illustrated the shortcomings of signature - based security suites .
Generic detection of exploits would be a better approach because what triggers a vulnerability ( unlike the payload of an attack ) does n't alter , Kristensen pointed out .
" Even with a very rapid creation of payload - based signatures , all their customers are still left exposed for a considerable amount of time from the point when the criminals start distributing their new payload until it has been ' caught ' , analysed , a signature has been created , the signature has undergone quality assurance testing , the signature is published , and finally downloaded and activated by the security software , " Kristensen said .
" Determining the characteristics of a vulnerability is somewhat more complicated and takes longer than than creating a payload based signature , however , it need only be created once , " he continued .
" Often the security vendors can finish their analysis and create a signature in the same time as the criminals can develop an exploit and start their criminal attacks . "
Cluley argued that this criticism was misplaced , as security firms all moved away from signature - based detection years ago .
He said modern security suites made far greater use of generic and behaviour - based detection as a way of dealing with the growing volume of malware - sample production .
A full round - up of the exploits and vulnerabilities used in the tests and a rundown of results can be found here ( pdf ) .
®</
p
The Xperia X1 mobile phone from Sony Ericsson , New York , the US , Nov. 11 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Bebeto Matthews )
NEW YORK - What kind of smart phone can $ 800 buy ?
The luxe Xperia X1 from Sony Ericsson .
At this price , it probably appeals only to recession - resistant gadget lovers , but it says something about what some gadget makers think the rest of us would want if money were no object .
In this instance , what you get is more sleek sheath than intelligent innards .
Its glut of options makes it pokey and difficult to navigate .
Out of the box , the device is pure eye candy , with a black or silver metal - and - plastic body , crisp 3 - inch touch screen and slightly curved QWERTY keyboard that slides out smoothly with a satisfying click .
The X1 has minimal included memory , so you 'll need a sizable microSD card if you want to access lots of songs , videos and photos on it ; I used a 4 gigabyte card during my testing , which was enough for plenty of content .
But even before I turned it on , I started to get nervous about the whopping number of choices I 'd have to make .
I felt more confused about the phone 's operations than excited about the freedom to use it as I pleased .
When the phone goes on sale on Nov. 28 at Sony Style stores and on the Sony Style Web site , it will come unlocked , so I had to pick a network to test it with .
In the U.S. , you can slide in a SIM card for AT&T or T - Mobile and it should work with their 3G networks ; I used AT&T .
Then , there was the assortment of 11 buttons on the X1's face , including a center button that can select items or work as an optical joystick , which scrolls with a finger swipe .
I often used the buttons for starting and ending phone calls , but tended to forget about the rest of the controls , including the joystick .
Beyond the button bounty , you can navigate the X1 by tapping its screen with your finger or with a stylus .
The stylus was often the best way to go , as the device 's many options are often presented in small text that is difficult to accurately jab at with an index finger .
The X1 uses Windows Mobile 6.1 as its operating system , but Sony Ericsson developed a variety of customized enhancements that run on top of it .
Most notable is the stylish panel interface , which consists of up to nine small rectangles you can customize and use to view different applications or media on the device in different ways .
The panel idea is cool , and it's a nice way to differentiate the X1 from the slew of touch - screen phones that have been released this year , since each rectangle leads to a variety of options , instead of just a single application .
I used panels for conducting Google searches , listening to the built - in FM radio and checking out the songs and videos I stored on the X1 .
However , the panel interface still sits atop Windows Mobile , which offers its own methods for listening to tunes or watching videos .
I could n't understand why anyone would want so many options .
That said , the inclusion of Windows Mobile does mean that if you 're familiar with it you wo n't have much trouble navigating the X1 once you find and click the " Start " tab in the upper right corner of one of the panels .
Business users can synchronize the phone with their PCs and get e-mail from their Microsoft Outlook account pushed straight to the phone — something that can make it difficult to switch to a more consumer - friendly phone like the iPhone or the G1 , which uses Google Inc. 's Android operating system .
And there are several cool features on the X1 .
Though the iPhone has a larger screen , the X1's touch screen sports a sharper resolution .
As such , videos look quite good , and I had fun watching some clips of " The Simpsons . "
You can also stream some content from the Internet , such as videos from YouTube , and adjust video sizes to make lesser - quality clips look more palatable .
The X1 also has a standard headphone jack , which is becoming increasingly common on smart phones and makes a big difference to music fans like myself .
Surfing the Web is easy on the X1 , and , as with videos , online content looks very good on the screen .
The phone includes the Internet Explorer Mobile and Opera Mobile browsers , and I did appreciate having more than one option here .
The built - in 3.2 megapixel camera takes good photos and can also be used for videos .
Phone calls sounded impressively clear — for $ 800 , they 'd better .
The phone also has a video calling option but it's not currently supported in the U.S. by T - Mobile or AT&T .
Still , my issues with the X1 often overshadowed the fun .
Many times it seemed fairly slow to open applications or complete actions , displaying the multicolored Windows processing icon while I waited .
Even without slowdowns , it usually took me several steps to complete a simple action .
When I wanted to change the panels on the device , I had to click a little tools icon , click the panel I wanted to change , click it again to confirm I really did want to alter it , choose a new panel , and click again to select it .
After all this clicking , I could barely remember what I was trying to do in the first place .
The X1 is a gorgeous device .
But even if you can afford it , dealing with its overabundance of choices would , in the words of Dewey Finn from " School of Rock , " test your head and your mind and your brain , too .
( Agencies )
WRONG !
SO
Only good - looking people find themselves stuck on deserted islands , as members of any elite team , survivors from a plague , or in the medical profession .
If you 're in one of these situations and you are not terribly attractive ?
Brace yourself for a poignant death three episodes into the season .
Unless you are funny .
The cooler and edgier you are , the more frequently your world will break into unexpected slo -mo , particularly when you 're just walking purposefully from here to there .
When you feel the slo - mo coming , make sure you 've got a long coat handy that can billow in the breeze .
When you have experienced the loss of a loved one , sad music in a two - minute montage will begin , interspersed with flashbacks .
This is a perfectly acceptable replacement for actual feelings , discussion or facial expressions .
No one ever really needs to go to the restroom -- thinking we do is a misconception .
Jack Bauer , for instance , has been holding it for at least five seasons .
The only acceptable reason for entering a restroom is if the serial killer , who 's been stalking you , is hiding in there .
You can be a renowned scientist , important professor or highly decorated supercop by age 25 .
None of your less - alert and middle - aged team members will call you things like " Kid " or " Skippy . "
And no one will be surprised that you 're the one with all the authority at the crime scene .
The exception to this is if you are a Rookie Cop who Does n't Play by the Rules .
Then your superiors are obligated to condescend to you .
Do n't worry ; you will humiliate them all later .
If you are a female scientist , you are beautiful , but have bad eyesight and have n't heard of contact lenses .
Also , no one will notice how beautiful you are until you remove your glasses during casual discussion .
Glasses are the number one protective barrier to anyone noticing you are a supermodel .
When in a tense forensic situation where a body is being examined , and specialized knowledge is critical -- it 's important to make a bad pun each time you leave the scene .
That shows how hip , savvy and in - control you are .
If you are n't currently good at punning , there are classes to help you hone your skills .
If you are a female in a horror situation , and turn to the dark side your hair will look better than it ever has .
Being possessed or going evil means suddenly you have your own personal stylist .
Yes , the key to ending bad hair days is to get overtaken by a demon and try to destroy the world .
End of Life as We Know It ?
Yes .
But super - do !
On any level road , two cars experiencing a simple rear - end collision can defy all laws of physics and the back car will run up over the lead car .
The back car will then flip , roll down an embankment , and explode .
It ’s a little - known fact that in the ' 70s and early ' 80s , car airbags were filled with rocket fuel for our safety .
This is why our insurance rates are so high today .
It is impossible to build your own armored car or gun arsenal until 15 to 20 minutes before the show concludes .
Do n't worry .
At the appropriate time , you will find yourself in an abandoned warehouse with scraps of metal and a blowtorch .
If no scraps of metal are available , one of your teammates will have to offer up his extensive collection of gold chains , to melt down into appropriate bulletproof protection .
All metal is bulletproof .
Hide behind any dumpster or self - made tank during a shoot - out , and you will remain unscathed .
If you 're a bad guy in a chase scene , there is a high probability you will survive a car crash .
If you 're an ' 80s bad guy , you will feel compelled to ask your evil cohorts if they 're okay .
Hardened criminals are always concerned about each other ’s safety .
Also , if you 're considering getting into the Bad Guy career field , never stop for cops , no matter what your driving violation .
It does n't matter if you 've got a broken tail light , you blew through a stop sign , or you 've jaywalked .
You are automatically obligated to become the lead car in a high - speed chase .
Much
Ah , television -- putting the " pow " and " bif " into mind - numbing entertainment options for over half a century !
And me , well , I 've spent my share of time plunked down in front of the old boob tube .
But for folks who say television has nothing to teach us , I say they 're In fact , I think they 'rewrong , I 've pulled together just a few absolutely indispensable things ( read : useless mind - clutter pushing out the really important stuff in my brain ) , all of which I 've learned over the years from watching TV : Well , those are the main things I 've learned over the years from watching TV .
What invaluable knowledge has television taught you folks ?
I 'd love to hear about it .
PS - Thanks to those of you who already voted for me for " Humor Blogger of the Year . " appreciated -- I will be able to show my face around the Humorblogger 's forum without my compadres spitting in my drink and , um , trying to give me wedgies .-------------------------------
McCain did n’t say that , but he kind of did .
McCain , if we take him at his word , is suggesting that he can’t discuss foreign policy on Friday night because it would somehow take away from his effort to focus on the economy .
Osama bin Laden wo n’t give President McCain the luxury of a time - out should an economic crisis hit at the same time America is at war .
President - elect Barack Obama 's incoming White House chief of staff challenged chief executives and other business leaders Tuesday night to join the new administration in a push for universal health care , saying incremental increases in coverage wo n't be acceptable .
" When it gets rough out there , a lot of business leaders get out of the car and say , ' We 're OK with minor reform . '
I 'm challenging you today , we 're going to have to do big , serious things , " Rahm Emanuel said , speaking to The Wall Street Journal 's CEO Council , a ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo warned American International Group Inc AIG.N on Tuesday of " significant legal ramifications " over executive bonuses as part of his drive to force rescued firms to drop year - end payments .
“ Please inform my office as soon as possible what AIG plans to do with respect to executive bonuses and pay raises this year , ” Cuomo wrote in a letter to AIG Chief Executive Officer Edward Liddy .
“ As you know , I believe AIG ’s decision has significant legal ramifications . ”
Public outrage over lavish banker pay has prompted Goldman Sachs GS.N and UBS UBSN .
VX to announce their executives would not be receiving year - end bonuses .
Bonuses have been strongly criticized as U.S. taxpayers , suffering the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression , question the U.S. Treasury Department ’s $ 700 billion bailout of the industry that played a large role in creating the crisis .
Cuomo and California Congressman Henry Waxman are investigating executive pay , putting pressure on firms over their policies of paying out millions of dollars in bonuses to executives each year .
In his letter to Liddy , Cuomo said , “ it seems hard to imagine that AIG could pay significant bonuses or give raises to its executives after the company has quite literally been bailed out by the American taxpayer . ”
Cuomo said in a statement on Monday that it was time for the rest of Wall Street " to look in the mirror " and follow UBS and Goldman Sachs .
He said Citigroup C.N , which is cutting 52,000 jobs , should announce quickly that top executives will not receive bonuses .
Earlier in November , the U.S. government invested $ 125 billion in Goldman , Citigroup and seven other large U.S banks .
Companies receiving funds agreed to restrictions on executive compensation .
Compensation for executives below the very top level is not disclosed , but banks are expected to cut their bonuses by 50 to 70 percent compared with last year .
December 10th will be " Day Without a Gay . "
On this day you are encouraged to call in " gay " to work , school , and whatever obligations you have .
It is a national day of protest to show our friends , family , neighbors , and co-workers that they can deny us our rights , but we can deny them our labor and hit back where it hurts , the economy .
Organizers of this action are asking people to not only sit out of work , school , etc but to get involved with your local GLBT organization , or to protest against marriage inequality .
Get involved with an activity in any state , ( the website is new and listings are just getting added , so keep checking back ) .
WORLD GOVERNMENT IS NOT COMING , IT'S HERE !
By Joan Veon
October 6 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
Understanding World Events and the Credit Crisis
For many of us , reading history does not provide us with the flavor of life , the uncertainties of the moment and the fears of facing the truth of the situation .
The events over the past six weeks and more specifically from August , 2007 have provided us with a myriad of events which leave even the most astute observer speechless .
Over the past fourteen years , I have written extensively about a global currency , global tax , global stock exchange , global central bank , and world government .
I have stated on many occasions that world government is not coming , it is here .
In order to bring in world government , it will have to be through crisis — continuing , constant crises .
The solution will be world government , total integration of all the countries of the world .
The remaining piece that needs to be put in place is for the United States to adopt a global regulatory system to merge our banking , insurance , and stock market and commodity industries to that of the other countries of the world .
While only a handful of countries like Britain , Canada , Australia , and the Nordic countries have already adopted some type of global regulatory system , it is America ’s turn and once America changes , the rest of the countries will follow suit .
As part of a two step process to change the financial and economic landscape of America and Americans , the Treasury Blueprint saw the first step confirmed : the bailout of Wall Street to the tune of $ 700B with an additional $ 300B in sweeteners , giving lawmakers the ability to face their constituents as victors .
However , the reality is that America has neither the $ 300B nor the $ 700B .
At every turn , the amount of money that we owe the Federal Reserve rises .
Add the interest to the debt and America is reduced to pauper status .
In the whirlwind of the situation , most people do n’t know whether to breathe a sign of relief that the darkness of the situation has passed or if this may be just the beginning .
The credit crisis has evolved over the past 13 months from a problem regarding a small percentage of sub - prime mortgages to a full blown global credit crisis .
In response , Treasury Secretary , Hank Paulson issued the " Treasury Blueprint for a Modernized Financial Regulatory System . "
By reading the Blueprint , it is very clear that the former international banker , turned treasury secretary , is basically waging all out war on American financial sovereignty , demanding that all of our remaining financial assets be federalized and put under the control of the Federal Reserve .
In light of the credit crisis and all the money the Federal Reserve is making available , it should be understood that the private corporation of the Federal Reserve prints money on demand and has grown immensely in power over its 95 years of existence .
Whenever America needs money , it simply prints it up out of paper , calls the newly created note “ The Federal Reserve Note ” and credits the account of the United States of America for the liability of the loan .
The reason why Americans cannot forgive themselves the interest on the debt is because it is owed to the Federal Reserve and not ourselves .
They have a racket going that is better than all of the mafia ’s of the world combined .
They have brought the most powerful country in the world to its knees by usurping the authority of congress , which has bestowed a blank check to the Federal Reserve giving it all powers .
However , we wo n’t fall completely on our faces until the new international regulation demanded by the Blueprint is put in place .
We should remember that when the Federal Reserve Act was in the making , it promised to “ free the country ‘ from panics and consequent unemployment and business depression by such a systematic revision of our banking laws … with protection from control or dominion by what is known as the money trust ’ ” ( Harold van B. Cleveland , Thomas F. Huertas , Citibank 1812 - 1970 , p.68 ) .
We will now be told that given the credit crisis the adoption of the Blueprint is necessary to calm the global markets .
In order to transfer the final and last vestiges of America ’s sovereignty , which is made up of many components , to these really evil and ruthless people , some type of major financial crisis would have to be perpetrated .
The stakes are very high .
Those assets to be conveyed in its entirety include the mortgage industry , the insurance industry , the Payment and Settlement System of Wall Street , and all financial institutions not under the Federal Reserve including credit unions , savings and loans , thrifts , and state chartered banks .
Advertisement
To give us an understanding of what is behind the Blueprint plan , I would like to refer to the very brave and honest senator from Alabama , Senator Richard Shelby .
In testifying why he would not vote for the Senate version of what has become known as the “ Bailout Bill , ” he said ,
“ The proposal before us tonight provides $ 700B to provide illiquid assets from financial institution .
The stated goal of this scheme is to return confidence and liquidity to our markets .
We did not get into this situation within days and we are not going to fix with a quick piece of legislation quickly cobbled together in the back room of the U.S. Capitol .
This crisis has been years in the making .
Over the last decade , trillions of dollars were poured into our mortgage markets , often at the direction of well intended but ill conceived government programs .
At first the conventional mortgages , with standard down payments and verified incomes , [ did well , but ] over time the number of home buyers that met conventional requirements dwindled .
In order to fuel the upward spiral , mortgage products became more exotic requiring less of borrowers and involving more risk .
Eventually economic reality caught up when housing prices stalled and then started to fall .
Many who bought homes with unconventional loans could not afford the increased payment .
I have been a member of Senate Banking Committee for 22 years .
When I joined , the S&L Crisis was beginning to unfold and it took 10 years , 5 Congresses and 3 Administrations , until that smaller , more contained crisis , which cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars , was resolved .
In 1995 , I opposed CRA and loosening of loan underwriting standards .
Credit cannot be safely extended only on any basis other than risk and risk cannot be mitigated through social engineering .
The appropriate allocation of credit is not political , it is based on merit .
The CRA was an attempt to get around it and it failed .
I reminded my colleagues of this as we prepare to buy mortgages backed by the very same mortgages born of this flawed policy .
It is not free market that failed , but government policies .
In 1999 , I opposed the Financial Modernization bill , I did not think it had a sufficient regulatory structure to oversee the financial system it created , also known as GLB .
In 2001 , I became concerned about banking regulators efforts to modernize bank capital standards , known as Basel II .
While it is very important to updated these standards , it appeared to me and others on the Banking Committee , Democrats and Republicans , that modernization was concerned more on reducing bank capital levels than on improving bank capital standards .
In 2003 , I became concerned about the financial health and regulatory structure of Fannie and Freddie .
I did not think they had sufficient capital , management control , or regulatory oversight .
I and others were troubled with their size because their combined portfolios totaled $ 2T .
We tried to pass tough GSE reform and was rebuffed by the Democrats on the Banking Committee , and the Senate .
As driving force in mortgage finance , the GSE purchasing efforts broke down when scant underwriting standards remained in the marketplace .
Many of the toxic investments this bailout is designed to buy , were originated in an atmosphere created by the GSE and facilitated by their supporters here in Congress In 2007 , I publically questioned the adequacy of the SEC Consolidated Supervisory Entity program - CSE .
This non-statutory program was put in place by the SEC for the 5 big investment banks to meet European regulatory standards without having to submit to the Federal Reserve supervision as provided in the Financial Modernization Act [ Gramm - Leach - Bliley ] .
It also allowed the investment banks , most are gone now , to reduce their capital requirements .
Because I thought that the ‘ 99 act did not have adequate supervision , I was troubled that the investment banks continued to chafe even at this minimal supervision with their trillions of dollars in asset , global operations , and hundreds of thousand employees .
They were content to be regulated by a program with a staff of less than 20 and they lobbied the Banking Committee to keep it that way .
I insisted that the Banking Committee hold hearings to exam the structure in greater detail before we ratified that which the SEC created through regulatory fiat .
Once again , we did not .
Instead my colleagues on the other side of the isle , voted not only to codify the CSE program but to expand it .
When my republican colleagues voted to reject it unanimously .
Today the CSE program is gone because our major investment banks have merged , gone bankrupt or become that , which they fought to avoid , bank holding companies , supervised by the Federal Reserve .
I would like to point out that a great deal of assets to be purchased by the Paulson plan were originated or held by Bear Sterns , Lehman , Merrill Lynch , Morgan .
Know the first House version was soundly defeated . “
For a day or two , Americans had some type of victory knowing their voices had been heard by their elected representatives .
On September 29 , The Washington Post reported , “ The normally sure - footed Paulson stumbled badly last weekend when he rushed to the Capitol with a vague and poorly - explained proposal that all but invited politicians and the news media to label it as a $ 700B bailout for Wall Street . ”
On 10/1/08 , The Financial Times reported , “ Embattled Paulson — seeking to regroup his forces and salvage the rescue plan … the loss was a stinging setback for the former Goldman Sachs chairman . ”
As credit dried up across America , the bailout was re-characterized from being a “ Bailout of Wall Street ” to a “ Bailout of Main Street . ”
Auto dealers could not get credit to purchase cars and could not extend credit and small and mid-size corporations could not get loans to expand or to meet payroll .
As a result , we saw more carnage last week than ever before .
On September 29 , the Bailout Bill was unveiled .
The Washington Post stated , “ [ Paulson ] would largely stand unfettered by traditional rules , largely unrestricted in his ability to spend $ 700B of federal money .
The Treasury would decide what kind of assets to buy , and which financial companies could sell them .
It would decide how much to pay and it would hire companies to manage its acquisitions , without having to obey the normal rules for hiring contractors . ”
On September 30 , Wachovia was sold to Citigroup for $ 2.16 B .
Wachovia was run by Treasury Secretary Paulson ‘s former deputy , Robert Steel who came with him to Treasury from Goldman Sachs .
On Friday , Wells Fargo put a bid in for Wachovia to the tune of $ 15.4B which would not involve any FDIC insurance .
A judge overturned the buy - out by Wells Fargo in favor of Citigroup over the weekend .
Again , the taxpayer will make up the difference .
As Congress was voting , the Dow Jones dropped 7 % by 777 points , a market loss of $ 1.4T .
Markets around the world dropped in response to the news : Britain ’s stock market dropped 5.30 % , Russia dropped 7.11 % , Europe dropped 5.23 % , Brazil ’s dropped 9.36 % , and Chile ’s dropped 9.10 % .
Gold went up only $ 5.30 to $ 888.30 .
Banking stocks took a bath , and the S&P500 , had its worst day since 1987 .
The Federal Reserve had to pump $ 630B into the world financial system , including an extra $ 330B that would be lent abroad via nine other central banks .
The Financial Times had a commentary entitled , “ Have a Nice Depression . ”
The next day , the market rose 345 points on news the Senate would pass a revised bailout bill .
On Wednesday , October 1 , the Senate ratified their bill , which was the 107 page House bill plus an additional 344 pages of proposals .
The Senate proposed , in part , $ 700B to buy bad assets from faltering financial institutions , an array of tax breaks worth $ 108B , and a temporary increase in the limit of FDIC from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 .
Two days later , on Friday , October 3 , the House voted on the expanded Senate version of 451 pages , comprised of the following : The Trouble Asset Relief Program totaled 105 pages , the FDIC totaled 8 pages , major tax breaks totaled 154 pages and the remaining 184 pages was for all the pork they could muster .
The size of the final bill was over $ 1T .
We ca n’t afford $ 750B , let alone an additional $ 250B .
The market ’s failed to respond positively , closing down .
The financial news of larger than expected job losses helped Congress confirm their votes .
They are so sure of their power , position , and might .
Ohio Congressman John Baynor said he feels the second bill is better than a week ago and that it was time “ to act on behalf of the American people — their savings , jobs , retirement securities ” and that they have a responsibility to protect the American economy .
I agree more with Congressman Brad Sherman who said the bill was a “ pork - laden , earmarked laden Wall Street bailout bill . ”
He pointed out that the oversight board can critique but it cannot stop anything .
He said to vote no and to stay in town to write a good bill .
The fact of the matter is the Federal Reserve is the Chairman of the oversight committee .
Congress is about to find out who holds the real power .
The rocking and rolling has only begun .
We are in the final stages of a move into world government .
Congress has already shown they are emotionally weak and that they have no idea of what they are doing or not doing .
They have not defended the Constitution they swore to upon hold , as they are playing into the hands of the Federal Reserve and the other major central banks of the world , which are controlled by a small group of very powerful people .
In order to finalize the Blueprint , which I have heard will come before a new Congress in January , what will it take to traumatize the new legislators ?
Will the powers that be decide on a Banking Holiday in the spirit of 1933 ?
Will they cause a total bank collapse by demanding sound banks to down grade their solid loans , as has recently occurred when the Comptroller of the Currency did a bank audit ?
Or will they simply change our currency to adjust our debt load ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The Indian navy says the INS Tabar fired upon a pirate ship threatening it
Enlarge Image
The owner of a Thai fishing trawler has said the Indian navy sank it off Somalia 's coast last week after wrongly assuming it was a pirate " mother ship " .
Wicharn Sirichaiekawat said the Indian frigate had attacked the Ekawat Nava 5 while it was being hijacked by pirates .
He said one of the crew had been found alive after six days in the Gulf of Aden , but that another 14 were missing .
The Indian navy has insisted the vessel fired in self - defence at a pirate ship which had been stacked with explosives .
Almost 40 ships have been seized by Somali pirates so far this year .
Earlier , the authorities in Yemen confirmed pirates had captured a cargo ship carrying building material off the country 's coast .
They said the pirates were demanding a ransom of $ 2 m ( £ 1.3 m ) .
The latest incident came days after the Saudi oil tanker , Sirius Star , was hijacked .
It was earlier moved further north up the Somali coast .
' Self - defence ' Mr Wicharn told reporters in Bangkok that the Ekawat Nava 5 had been headed from Oman to Yemen last Tuesday to deliver fishing equipment when it was approached by Somali pirates in two speed boats in the Gulf of Aden .
We fired in self - defence and in response to firing upon our vessel
Commodore Nirad Sinha
Indian Navy spokesman
The pirates were in the process of boarding the vessel and seizing control when the Indian navy frigate , the INS Tabar , sailed into view and demanded it stop for investigation , he added .
" The sunken ship which the Indian navy claimed was a ' mother ship ' of pirates was not the ' mother ship ' at all , " he said .
" The pirates wanted to take our ship to Somalia . "
Mr Wicharn said he had learnt the fate of his trawler from a Cambodian crew member who had survived the INS Tabar 's bombardment and had been rescued by a passing ship after six days adrift in the Indian Ocean .
The sailor was now recovering in a hospital in Yemen , he said .
Later , an Indian navy spokesman insisted that the Tabar had fired only upon a pirate " mother ship " which had threatened it .
" We fired in self - defence and in response to firing upon our vessel .
It was a pirate vessel in the international waters and its stance was aggressive , " Commodore Nirad Sinha told CNN .
Following last week 's incident , the Indian navy said in a statement that the Tabar had spotted a pirate vessel while patrolling 285 nautical miles ( 530 km ) south - west of Salalah , Oman .
It said those on board had been armed with guns and rocket - propelled grenade launchers .
When it demanded the vessel stop for investigation , the pirate ship had responded by threatening to " blow up the naval warship if it closed on her " , the statement said .
The pirates then fired on the Tabar , after which the Indians retaliated and there was an explosion on the pirate vessel , which then sank , it added .
India is one of several countries currently patrolling the Gulf of Aden , one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
France , India , South Korea , Russia , Spain , the US and Nato also have a presence in the region .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.8 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Substantial parts of inetcomm implemented ( for Outlook ) .
- Still better crypt32 support .
- Memory management improvements . - Theming support for buttons .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.8.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.8.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.8 : 3109 Werkkzeug 1 remains black and creates buffer underruns 3493 Commandos get 's very slow ( almost locked ) while mouse is moving 3819 Keyboard problem with Alien vs Predator 2 demo 3910 PortAudio error at Unable to open streams : Illegal error number 4046 Freezes waiting for short sound - samples that do n't happen with sound off .
4063 Quitting webed causes abort in _ CheckNotSysLevel 4078 memory allocation fails 4144 Numerous RichText problems 4558
Some numeric keypad keys do n't work in user mode 4855 ZOC window does not retain size after workspace switch 4977 Mindstar Script Editor aborts on startup with " Runtime Error 430 : Class does not support Automation ... "
5101 Age of Mythology The Titans - Memory Leak 5224 Grim Fandango patch Gfupd101.exe does n't start 5707 Settlers IV is slow in WIne 0.9.16 + 5784 Dark Age of Camelot not connect update server 6683 IrfanView 's " Save Picture as ... " dialog problems 6694 Java App Problems with Filechooser 6700 Magic Workstation Application occupying 100 % of cpu 6709 [ Game ] Ceasar IV crashes .
6948 CSpy / Tab : Tab images have wrong offset 7052
The game Locomotion crashes on startup ( after drawing an empty desktop window ) due to an unhandled page fault .
7639 Papyrus loses focus when user clicks on font size pulldown 8234 Supreme Commander Install fail - Error : 87 9460 Sid Meiers
Pirates does not load after caps changes 9577 Serious Sam II demo installer creates blank window 9714 MapViewOfFile with write permissions should not succeed on a read - only file mapping 9715 winecfg should allow display resolution beyond 120dpi 10129 Guitar Rig 3 crashes 10375 Stranger demo makes
Wine segfaults 10579 mingw32 : reimp and other tools can't launch each other 10727 .
Net 2.0 does not install 10810 Constant crash while using EDXOR 10859 access violation in mshtml.dll since 0.9.48 / Heredis 9 10980 ConvertImage cannot run 11092 cutscene does not display correctly - jedi knight dark forces II demo 11199 Unhandled exception : page fault on read access to 0x00000050 when starting Archlord 11369 CheckPoint SmartDashboard R65 causes wine crash 11483 MSTSC ( remote desktop ) needs winscard.dll.SCardAccessStartedEvent 12046 MinGW32 : unhandled page faults and exceptions 12175 Blank window appears during Sims 2 installation 12219 The " House of the Dead 3 " " start game " options menu does n't show any text .
12244 Unhandled page fault in Lotus Wordpro R9.5 12282 Oracle Forms 6 i runtime crashes while opening a form 12545 The Ship : Does not launch 12584 Rendering problems in NWN2 12669 Flash 8 : crashes when a pixmap in clipboard 12711 Guitar Pro 5 do n't show in the task bar 12864 Quick 2007 Home & Business fails during startup 12865 Flash wIndow initially displays off screen 12940 e-sword app does not install 12953 DAZStudio 2.1 installer intermittantly hangs on startup 12974 Crash of Max Payne v1 on radeon DRI 12986 emachineshop crashes when closing the help window 13026 winetest may start without a tag 13103 tomtom home does not install due to no loading sensapi.dll 13135
Wine crash when starting program hedgewars 13255 sigabort for most files used with vissim 7.0 13285 WriteIniValues does not create c:/windows/DieVölkerGold.ini 13312 shipsim 2006 crashes 13329 World of Warcraft ( WoW ) trial installer crashes with unimplemented function js3250.dll.JS_SetGCParameter 13421 Lotus Notes 6.5.4 - wrong windows behavior 13546 Che Guevara demo crashes 13557 Regression .
mdac25 fails to install 13672 mIRC 6.32 script editor crashes with assertion failure in riched20 13737 Word 2003 crashes on opening specific file 14037 worldwide telescope installer crashes in X11DRV_GetBitmapBits 14333 WALL - E demo displays upside down .
14437 Voipcheap installs but does not run 14477 Installer of sins of solar empire is not copying any files at all 14499 ImageDirectoryEntryToDataEx : section header param [ out , optional ] , needs to be zeroed before RtlImageRvaToVa 14560 Australian etax program help feature segfaults 14658 Font rendering regression 14731 Crash upon starting a network server in 1000 game 14751 Max Payne 2 : PP effects produce black screen in ARB mode 14774 Max Payne 2 : PP effects flood console with GL errors ( ORM =fbo ) 14817 Msi property names passed on the command line need to be interpreted as uppercase ( Corel Draw X3 installer ) 14983 CM2000 Graphics slowed down !
15142 Diablo - The Hell & Hellfire : DirectX issues 15607 MyPhotoBooks does n't run 15691
Page fault while editing RichText 15692 Apps crash with FontLink settings since Wine 1.1.6 15722 OpenOffice3 apps wo n't run 15725 calendar sizing incorrect in Paf5 15756
Inline file rename text box does not disappear appropriately in 7 - zip 4.60 beta 15757
Address bar is not updated when navigating through directories in 7 - zip 4.60 beta 15758 Page Maker 6.5 can't find resource file 15786 FEAR 1.08 : GL errors in D3D8 mode 15807 Problem editing HTML in TestLog 15829 1000 net installer crashes after selecting install button 15842 winecfg :
You do n't have a drive C .
This is not so great .
15854 Age of Mythology : Vertex pipeline replacement patches break water transparency .
15863 Unable to find X development files on Leopard 15937 [ PATCH ]
Pens of width = 1 scale on Windows , do n't on Wine ----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.7 : Alexandre Julliard ( 45 ) : jscript : Avoid a compiler warning .
shdocvw / tests : Avoid sizeof in trace .
ntdll :
Make sure the last relocation contains some data .
ntdll :
Use the end of the reserved area as address space limit , in case we have more than 3 Gb available .
ntdll : Ignore some system directories in NtQueryDirectory File to avoid recursion troubles .
user32 : Move handling of internal messages into peek_message .
user32 : Move thread info setting and WH_GETMESSAGE call into peek_message .
user32 : Specify the new queue mask separately from the PeekMessage flags .
user32 : Use a local buffer in peek_message to save a server call for small buffer sizes .
user32 : Add a bunch of tests for GetQueueStatus and GetMessage combinations .
ntdll : Simplify the RtlIsDosDeviceName_U implementation .
ntdll : Add a few more tests for RtlIsDosDeviceName_U , fix some failures on Windows .
ntdll : Allocate a new virtual region for large blocks , and ensure 16 - byte alignment .
ntdll : Store the exit code in the server in RtlExitUserThread .
kernel32 : Only try to open a VxD if opening a normal device failed .
kernel32 : Use ntdll functions where possible to implement the pthread wrappers .
kernel32 : Moved the pthread emulation support to ntdll .
configure : Re-generate with autoconf 2.63 .
ntdll : Merge HEAP_InitSubHeap and HEAP_CreateSubHeap .
ntdll : Create a separate heap for allocating memory views instead of using malloc .
kernel32 : Allocate global arenas on the Win32 heap .
kernel32 : Call build_argv in the parent process so that it can use the Win32 heap .
kernel32 : Call build_envp in the parent process so that it can use the Win32 heap .
winecfg : Display an nicer error when the mount manager cannot be accessed .
ntdll : Initialize the large address space before attaching dlls .
ntdll : Return more correct information for SystemBasicInformation and GetSystemInfo. winemenubuilder :
Move the xdg global variables out of the libpng ifdef block .
wrc :
Fix the duplicate resource check for user - defined types .
ntdll :
Store the per-view flags in the high word of the page protection bits .
ntdll :
Add a noexec flag for memory views where we do n't want to force exec permission .
kernel32/tests : Fix a couple of failures on Windows .
kernel32/tests :
Add a few more tests , fix some failures on Windows .
ntdll :
Store the per-page committed status in the server for anonymous file mappings .
ntdll :
Do n't force anonymous file mappings to always be fully committed .
ntdll / tests :
Fix a couple of tests on NT4 .
ntdll , server : Fixed access checks for OpenFileMapping and MapViewOfFile .
include : Add extern " C " to the exported Wine headers .
kernel32/tests :
Fix a few more errors on Win9x .
ntdll : Keep track of the current working set limit independently of system views that may be allocated beyond it .
ntdll :
Do not report non-reserved memory areas as free since we do n't know what 's in them .
kernel32/tests :
Fix one more failing test on Win9x .
ntdll : Store correct values in the various limits on all platforms instead of using 0 . loader : Reserve some space for the virtual heap too .
loader :
Use a hidden function instead of an exported global variable to setup pthread functions .
advapi32/tests : Avoid sizeof in traces .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 6 ) : comdlg32 : Fix test under win98 .
msxml3 : Add support to get_nodeTypedValue on Element Nodes . oleacc : Removed failed test case .
inetcomm : Correct test under w2k8 .
mshtml : Supply a default value for get_designMode .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLElement get_document .
Andrew Fenn ( 1 ) : xinput : Added header file that defines a lot of the functionality of the library .
Andrew Nguyen ( 1 ) : winmm : Fix a potential infinite recursion bug .
Andrew Talbot ( 7 ) : odbc32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
oleaut32 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
oledlg : Sign - compare warnings fix .
quartz : Sign - compare warnings fix .
quartz : Sign - compare warnings fix .
riched20 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
rpcrt4 : Sign - compare warnings fix .
Aric Stewart ( 7 ) : ws2_32 : Only set the overlapped hEvent if it exists .
crypt32 : Static functions CertContext_GetProperty and CertContext_SetProperty do not need to be WINAPI .
ntdll : Fix parsing of proc file .
Also correct memory deallocation on the Mac. gdiplus : Stub implementation of GdipNewInstalledFontCollection .
msimtf :
Add a mostly wrapper stub for IActiveIMMApp .
shell32 : Do not automatically fail in SHGetFileInfo if the flag SHGFI_USEFILEATTRIBUTES is combined with SHGFI_ATTRIBUTES , SHGFI_EXETYPE , or SHGFI_PIDL .
comctl32 : Add implementation of LVS_EX_ONECLICKACTIVATE .
Austin English ( 5 ) : ole32 : Implement IEnumFORMATETC_Next_Proxy and IEnumFORMATETC_Next_Stub .
winecfg :
Set default windows version to XP .
advapi32/ tests : fix a couple failures on Vista .
crypt32 : fix a test failure on Free / PC - BSD .
wininet : Change a couple fixme 's to warn's .
Bobby Bingham ( 1 ) : gdi32 : Add support for the GGO_UNHINTED flag in GetGlyphOutline .
Clinton Stimpson ( 1 ) : comctl32 : Fix getting of min size of monthcal when changing font .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 1 ) : winemenubuilder : Generate icons in winemenubuilder instead of wineshelllink .
David Adam ( 3 ) : d3dx8 : Implement ID3DXMatrixStack_GetTop ( ) .
d3dx8 : Implement ID3DXMatrixStack_LoadIdentity .
d3dx8 : Implement ID3DXMatrixStack_LoadMatrix .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 3 ) : user32/tests : Avoid crash on win9x .
shdocvw / tests :
Use the correct size for memset .
user32/tests :
Fix crash on win9x in the dde test .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 9 ) : gdi32 : Search the child font list first .
winex11.drv : Print the characters returned by ToUnicode .
user32 : Make ToAscii( Ex ) and ToUnicode ( Ex ) prototypes match PSDK .
wineconsole : Do n't ignore extended keys .
kernel32 : Do n't ignore extended keys .
gdi32 : Move DC mapping APIs to the ' dc ' debug channel .
user32 : Handle all kinds of values returned by WIN_GetPtr. gdi32 : Try to avoid not necessary glyph transformations .
gdi32 : Fix a broken test .
Dylan Smith ( 3 ) : richedit : Added riched 32 tests for word wrap .
richedit : Fixed initial word wrap setting when emulating 1.0. richedit : Handle negative position given to EM_POSFROMCHAR .
Eric Pouech ( 1 ) : winedbg :
Add a kill command to kill the current process .
Francois Gouget ( 4 ) : wined3d : Fix the WineDirect3DCreate ( ) export .
cryptui :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
d3dx8/tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
shlwapi/tests : AssocQueryStringA/W( ) are missing on Windows 98 .
Frans Kool ( 1 ) : oleacc : Added Dutch translations .
Hans Leidekker ( 14 ) : wsock32 : Make EnumProtocols a wrapper around WSAEnumProtocols instead of forwarding directly .
inetcomm : Add a stub implementation of IPOP3 Transport .
inetcomm :
Add a stub implementation of ISMTPTransport2.
inetcomm : Add an implementation of the pop3 USER and PASS commands .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandLIST .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandQUIT .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandSTAT .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandUIDL .
inetcomm : Implement IPOP3 Transport :: Disconnect .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandUSER .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of IPOP3 Transport :: CommandPASS .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandDATA .
inetcomm : Advertise support for a couple more interfaces .
inetcomm : CreateIMAPTransport , CreatePOP3 Transport and CreateSMTPTransport are implemented .
Henri Verbeet ( 28 ) : wined3d : Move depth_blt to surface .c. wined3d : Pass the texture type to the shader depth blt function .
wined3d : Pass explicit texcoords to depth blt .
wined3d : Support some more texture types for GLSL depth blts .
dxgi : Make some functions static .
d3d10 : Make some functions static .
wined3d : Rename CreateAdditionalSwapChain to CreateSwapChain .
wined3d : Fix some indentation .
wined3d : Support some more depth blt texture types for arb programs .
wined3d : Support some more depth blt texture types in surface_depth_blt ( ) .
wined3d : Handle lack of NPOT support for depth blts .
wined3d : Handle projected cube textures .
dxgi : Add some stubs for IDXGIAdapter .
dxgi : Add some stubs for IDXGISwapChain .
d3d10 : Add a test to show d3d10 devices implement IDXGIDevice .
d3dx8 : Return E_NOTIMPL from ID3DXMatrixStack stubs .
d3dx8 : Correct some ID3DXMatrixStack prototypes . d3dx8 : Initialize the matrix stack in D3DXCreateMatrixStack ( ) .
d3dx8 : Implement ID3DXMatrixStack_Push ( ) and ID3DXMatrixStack_Pop ( ) .
d3dx8 : Make expect_mat a bit more useable .
d3dx8 : Add a few tests for ID3DXMatrixStack .
wined3d : Properly break in get_argreg ( ) ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Print an error when drawStridedSlowVs ( ) is called with 0 idxSize and non-NULL idxData ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Remove a FIXME that does n't apply anymore .
d3d8 : Do n't ignore the GetCursorInfo ( ) return value ( LLVM / Clang ) .
d3d9 : Do n't ignore the GetCursorInfo ( ) return value ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : vertexshader should never be NULL in generate_param_reorder_function ( ) ( LLVM / Clang ) .
wined3d : Remove another redundant NULL check ( LLVM / Clang ) .
Hervé Chanal ( 2 ) : shell32 : A nicer icon for " Open folder " .
shell32 : A nicer icon for " folder " .
Huw Davies ( 4 ) : ole32 : Create the ' \ 1 Ole ' stream .
ole32 : Try to load the ' \ 1 Ole ' stream and create it if it does n't exist .
ole32 : Implement IEnum * _Next marshallers .
ole32 : Call the object 's GetClassID if it 's running .
Jacek Caban ( 4 ) : mshtml : Remove no longer used interfaces .
jscript : Fixed SetScriptSite called before InitNew handling .
jscript : Added SCRIPTSTATE_CONNECTED
implementation .
jscript : Added SCRIPTITEM_ISVISIBLE flag implementation .
James Hawkins ( 13 ) : msi :
Set the source path tests to " interactive " to avoid timing out on some machines .
msi : Use the long file name in the WriteIniValues action .
msi : Convert command line property names to uppercase .
msi : Skip the leading period of the extension to be registered .
msi :
Do not reinstall an assembly that already exists in the global assembly cache .
msi : Allow private properties from the AdminProperties property list .
msi : Factor out the table insertion code .
msi : Factor out the table insertion code .
msi : Factor out the table insertion code .
msi : Factor out the code to open a product key .
msi : Factor out the code to open the features key .
msi : Factor out the code to open the UserData features key .
msi : Remove an unused registry function .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 1 ) : ws2_32 : Test WSAAccept optional callback parameter before trying to use it .
Juan Lang ( 35 ) : cryptui : Do n't crash if pImportSrc is NULL .
cryptui : Add tests for CryptUIWizImport .
cryptui : Improve parameter checking .
cryptui :
Move cert creation to a helper function .
cryptui : Support importing certificate contexts .
cryptui :
Test the import destination of a couple more certs .
cryptui : Choose appropriate destination store for a cert .
crypt32 : Fix a failing test on Windows .
cryptui : Fix a failing test on Windows .
cryptui :
Fix destination store for self - signed certs .
crypt32 : Fix failing test .
crypt32 : Fix frequency with which chains are checked for cycles .
crypt32 : Do n't neglect status to ignore on a Windows platform when a test is todo_wine .
crypt32 : Fix chain error status when a cert 's issuer can't be found .
crypt32 : Fix some test failures on Win9x / NT4 .
advapi32 : Print error if opening / dev/ urandom fails , and update comment .
crypt32 : Fix test failures on older versions of Windows .
crypt32 : Fix typo.
wintrust : Add stub for WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoEncode .
wintrust : Add tests for WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoEncode .
wintrust : Implement WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoEncode .
wintrust : Add stub for WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoDecode .
wintrust : Add tests for WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoDecode .
wintrust : Implement WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoDecode .
crypt32 : Add missing ok calls .
crypt32 : Separate checking the tag of encoded bits from decoding the bits .
crypt32 : Add tests for CryptFormatObject .
crypt32 : Add base implementation of CryptFormatObject .
crypt32 : Make a global copy of crypt32's HINSTANCE .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for szOID_AUTHORITY_KEY_IDENTIFIER2 .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for szOID_ENHANCED_KEY_USAGE.
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for szOID_BASIC_CONSTRAINTS2 .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for szOID_AUTHORITY_INFO_ACCESS .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for szOID_CRL_DIST_POINTS .
crypt32 : Implement CryptFormatObject for SPC_FINANCIAL_CRITERIA_OBJID.
Katayama Hirofumi MZ ( 1 ) : notepad :
Do n't save maximized size .
Kirill K. Smirnov ( 1 ) : gdi32 : Fix copy / paste typo .
Krzysztof Kotlenga ( 1 ) : winex11 : Make pens of width = 1 scalable .
Kusanagi Kouichi ( 1 ) : winex11 : Implement large data transfers .
Lei Zhang ( 7 ) : comctl32 : Get rid of DragDetect .
comctl32 : Do n't notify if listview edit box contents have not changed .
comctl32 : Reset nEditLabelItem in LISTVIEW_EndEditLabelT.
comctl32 : Only update comboex edit box if the mask has CBEIF_TEXT set .
ntdll : Skip deleted files in read_directory_getdents .
wininet : Remove redundant variables .
wininet : Handle HTTP 303 redirects .
Marcus Meissner ( 9 ) : netapi32 : Fixed buffer sizes to GetUserNameW and GetComputerNameW.
programs : Fixed two RegEnumValue name lengths .
oleview : Fixed size passed to LoadStringW .
ntoskrnl.exe : Check irp for NULL consistently .
advapi32 : Removed redundant NULL check .
msxml3 : Fixed NULL ptr dereference possibilities ( Coverity ) .
msxml3 : Fixed if nesting / ptr checking problems in xmlnode_transformNode .
mshtml : Fixed reversed NULl check .
wininet : Removed redundant NULL check ( Coverity ) .
Michael Karcher ( 3 ) : msxml3 : IXMLCDATASection is not an element .
msxml3 : Clean up initialization .
msxml3 : Simplify IXMLDOMNodeMap::removeNamedItem .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 54 ) : advapi32/ tests : Use 0 instead of casting NULL to a handle of integer type .
rsaenh : Use 0 instead of casting NULL to a handle of integer type .
comctl32 : Just use 0 instead of casting NULL twice to an integer type .
comctl32 : HGDIOBJ is interchangeable with other handle types so do n't cast .
user32 : HGDIOBJ is interchangeable with other handle types ; no casts are needed .
gdi32/tests : HGDIOBJ is interchangeable with other handle types ; no casts are needed .
taskmgr : HGDIOBJ is interchangeable with other handle types ; no casts are needed .
cmdlgtst : HGDIOBJ is interchangeable with other handle types ; no casts are needed .
cmdlgtst : Use NULL instead of casting 0 to a pointer .
comctl32 : Remove superfluous casts as HANDLE to other handle types .
comctl32 : HANDLE / HGLOBAL are basically just void pointers .
No casts to other pointers are needed .
comdlg32 : Do n't cast the return value of GetProp ( ) as it is a HANLE aka void pointer .
gdi32 : Do n't cast NULL .
winedump : Remove casts of void pointers to other pointer types .
winex11.drv : ImmLockIMCC ( ) returns a void pointer ; no need to cast that .
cabinet :
Do not cast NULL .
riched20 : Do not cast NULL .
riched20 : Use MAKELPARAM instead of " ( LPARAM ) MAKELONG " .
winedbg : Use FIELD_OFFSET instead of reimplementing it .
user32 : Do not cast NULL .
dmusic :
Do not cast NULL .
dnsapi : Transform two for loops into while loops .
d3dx8 : Do not cast NULL .
netapi32/tests :
Do not cast NULL .
ole32 : Do not cast NULL .
oleview : Do not cast NULL .
setupapi : Do not cast NULL .
dmsynth : Do not cast NULL .
winedos :
Do not cast NULL .
shell32 : Do not cast NULL .
dmloader :
Do not cast NULL .
oleaut32 : Do not cast NULL .
comctl32 : Do not cast NULL .
Remove the remaining casts of NULL .
avifil32 : Remove superfluous casts of void pointers .
uxtheme : Remove superflous casts .
comctl32/tests : Use MAKELPARAM instead of " ( LPARAM ) MAKELONG " .
wined3d : Use the integer variant of zero instead of casting " 0.0 " .
kernel32 : Do not cast zero .
riched20 : Remove superflous casts .
comctl32 : Do not cast zero .
user32 : Do not cast zero .
crypt32 : Remove superfluous casts of void pointers .
iphlpapi :
Do not cast zero .
user32 : Remove superfluous casts of void pointers .
fusion : Remove superfluous casts of void pointers .
shell32 : Use FIELD_OFFSET instead of hand coding its functionality .
make_requests :
Do not generate code that casts zero to a pointer .
shell32 : Remove superfluous casts ; mostly of void pointers .
ole32 : Remove some superfluous casts of void pointers and zero .
shlwapi : Remove superfluous casts of / to void pointers .
comdlg32 : Remove superfluous casts of void pointers to other pointer types .
comctl32 : Remove superfluous casts that crept in as well as some older ones .
crypt32 : Fix the aligning up to a DWORD_PTR boundary .
Nicolas Le Cam ( 7 ) : msi/tests :
Fix a failing test on all platforms up to and including win2 k .
wininet / tests : Fix a failing test on IE6 .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test on several platforms .
user32 : Partially implement SystemParametersInfo( SPI_{GET/SET}FOREGROUNDLOCKTIMEOUT ) .
advapi32/tests : test_enum_provider_types test cleanup .
advapi32/tests : Run a test on more platforms .
cryptui/tests :
Fix test failures on Win2k and below .
Nikolay Sivov ( 3 ) : gdiplus :
Add a structure to header for easier navigation ( by wrapper class ) .
gdiplus : Added CachedBitmap calls .
gdiplus : Added TRACE (.. ) for Pen calls .
Owen Rudge ( 1 ) : appwiz.cpl : Use MS Shell Dlg instead of MS Sans Serif for dialog boxes .
Paul Bryan Roberts ( 5 ) : ntdll : Avoid potential infinite loop .
advapi32/tests : Simple tests of GetFileSecurity ( ) / SetFileSecurity ( ) .
advapi32 : Add TRACE to GetFileSecurity ( ) . server : Refactor server side implementation of GetFileSecurity ( ) .
server : Clone file_get_sd ( ) and file_set_fd ( ) for directories .
Paul Vriens ( 12 ) : shlwapi/tests : Fix some failures on XP and W2K3 .
ddraw / tests : Fix a test on W2K3 .
shlwapi/tests : Fix a failure on Win9x and NT4 .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on NT4 .
rsaenh / tests :
Fix a test failure on NT4 and below .
user32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x and WinMe. winmm / tests : Fix failure on Win9x and WinMe. gdi32/tests : Do n't crash on NT4 .
user32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
user32/tests :
Set last error if the menu item can not be found .
user32/tests : Skip GetMenuItemInfo tests on NT4 and below .
winmm/tests : Fix a test failure on Vista and W2K8 .
Reece Dunn ( 6 ) : winecfg :
Add ellipsis ( '...') to buttons that launch other dialogs .
winecfg : Renamed ' Shell Folder ' to ' Folder ' .
uxtheme : Fixed the todo blocks in the IsThemed tests when theming is inactive .
comctl32 : Support themed push buttons .
comctl32 : Support themed check boxes and radio buttons .
comctl32 : Do n't draw the theme background of the group box over it 's content area .
Rob Shearman ( 9 ) : inetcomm : Add an implementation of the HELO / EHLO command .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2:: SendMessage .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandQUIT .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandMAIL .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandRCPT .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandEHLO .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandHELO .
inetcomm :
Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandAUTH .
inetcomm : Add an implementation of ISMTPTransport2::CommandRSET .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 4 ) : winex11 : Move all delayed GLX context creation code to create_glxcontext in order to prepare for WGL_ARB_create_context .
Opengl32 : Add defines for WGL_ / GLX_ARB_create_context .
opengl32 : Mark some opengl3 tests as wine_todo .
wnaspi32 : Fix a buffer size regression .
Sergey Khodych ( 5 ) : winex11 : BitBlt returns TRUE when drawing outside of the clipping or visible region .
comctl32 : toolbar : Calculate a correct size for empty buttons with the BTNS_AUTOSIZE style .
comctl32 : toolbar : Improve text layout in TBSTYLE_LIST toolbars .
comctl32 : toolbar : Use a cx field for buttons in TOOLBAR_WrapToolbar .
comctl32/tests :
Fix typo in toolbar todo test .
Stefan Dösinger ( 8 ) : wined3d : Restore the fragment replacement prog after depth_blt .
d3d9 : Test the effect of lighting on the result alpha .
d3d : Do not restore the display mode in ddraw .
d3d9 : Use the correct AddRef and Release macros .
d3d9 : WINED3DSURFACE_DESC::MultiSampleType is not a DWORD .
wined3d : Fix the num blend values -> type match .
wined3d : Kill the GL_ATI_envmap_bumpmap code . d3d9 : Add a test for GetTexture with no texture set .
Tobias Jakobi ( 1 ) : wined3d : Fix typo in baseshader .c.
Tony Wasserka ( 2 ) : d3dx9 : Implement D3DXCreateSprite . d3dx9 : Implement ID3DXSprite_Draw .
Vincent Povirk ( 5 ) : shell32 : Try to guess the working directory in the run dialog .
setupapi/tests : Add test for ProfileItems directive .
setupapi : Implement ProfileItems directive .
setupapi : Add a matching CoUninitialize call .
rundll32 : Build with - mwindows .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 5 ) : winmm : Support more joysticks .
dxdiagn : Replace remaining FIXMEs with TRACEs .
dxdiagn :
Add pagefile size info .
dxdiagn :
Add windows path .
dxdiagn :
Add service pack version .
Vitaly Perov ( 2 ) : netapi32 : Add stub for NetShareGetInfo. netapi32 : Add stub for NetShareAdd . -- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama told CNN on Friday that turning around the economy and energy independence are his priorities for 2009 if he is elected president .
Sen. Barack Obama was interviewed Friday by CNN's Wolf Blitzer .
In an interview with Wolf Blitzer in Des Moines , Iowa , Obama was asked to name his top priority from a list of issues , including taxes , health care , education , energy policy and immigration .
" [ The ] top priority may not be any of those five .
It may be continuing to stabilize the financial system .
We do n't know yet what 's going to happen in January , " he said .
" None of this can be accomplished if we continue to see a potential meltdown in the banking system and financial system .
So that 's priority No. 1 : making sure the plumbing works . "
Obama said priority No. 2 is energy independence :
" We have to seize this moment , because it 's not just an energy independence issue ; it 's also a national security issue , and it's a jobs issue .
We can create 5 million new green energy jobs . "
Watch : Fixing the economy top priority , Obama says »
Priority No. 3 : Health care reform .
Priority No. 4 : " Making sure we have tax cuts for the middle class as part of a broader tax reform effort . "
Do n't Miss Election Center 2008
Obama later expanded his discussion on how tax cuts relate to a bigger economic plan .
" The tax cut that I talked about may be part of my priority No. 1 , because I think that 's going to be part of stabilizing the economy as a whole , " he said .
" I think we 're going to need a second stimulus .
Part of my commitment is to make sure that the stimulus includes a tax cut for 95 percent of working Americans .
It may be the first bill I introduce . "
Watch Obama talk about the details of his tax plan »
Priority No. 5 : Reforming the education system .
Separately , Obama was asked about his pledge to have a bipartisan administration , and whether it included room for his opponent .
" Well , I will tell you what , " Obama said .
" I would certainly consider any position for John McCain where I thought he was going to be the best person for our country . "
He also blasted McCain for not catching Osama bin Laden .
McCain has said in a presidential debate that he knows how to capture bin Laden but has failed to explain how he may accomplish that task .
It 's something that 's not lost on Obama .
" Clearly , Sen. McCain does n't know how to capture bin Laden , because he was supportive of a huge strategic blunder when it came to accomplishing the task , " he said .
" I will focus on what [ Defense Secretary Robert ]
Gates and others have indicated as our No. 1 security threat , and that is bin Laden and Al Qaeda . "
Watch Obama say McCain does n't know how to catch Osama bin Laden »
Obama also discussed a possible strategy for stabilizing the war - torn country of Afghanistan -- and the resurgence of the Taliban and al Qaeda in nearby Pakistan .
" [ Pakistan ] are a fledging Democratic government .
...
We have to support their efforts to democratize .
That means ... not just providing military aid .
It means also helping them to provide concrete solutions to the poverty and lack of education that exists , " he said .
Obama has said that he would address Pakistan policy to secure the border and crack down on terrorist camps .
" We must make it clear that if Pakistan cannot or will not act , we will take out high - level terrorist targets like [ Osama ] bin Laden if we have them in our sights , " he has said .
The Illinois senator also proposes to cut down on narcotics trafficking by offering alternative livelihoods to poppy farmers .
On Afghanistan , Obama has said in the past that he would send at least two additional combat brigades to Afghanistan and would seek greater contributions -- with fewer restrictions -- from NATO allies .
Watch Obama talk about his policy in Afghanistan »
Obama would focus on training Afghan security forces and supporting an Afghan judiciary , with more resources and incentives for American officers who perform these missions .
He also proposed an additional $ 1 billion in nonmilitary assistance each year , with meaningful safeguards to prevent corruption and to make sure investments are made , not just in Kabul but also in Afghanistan 's provinces .
McCain , meanwhile , would send three additional brigades to Afghanistan and double the size of the Afghan army to 160,000 troops .
He also proposes to pay for the Afghan troop increase through an international trust fund financed by the United States and its allies , and would apply the counter - insurgency technique being employed in Iraq to the Afghanistan conflict .
McCain has said he would appoint an " Afghanistan czar " based in the White House who would report directly to the president .
On the Afghanistan / Pakistan border issue , McCain said he would crack down on narcotics trafficking in the country and would focus on strengthening local tribes on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan to fight terrorism there .
All About Barack Obama • Afghanistan • Pakistan • Osama bin Laden
Capitalism Without Capital ?
It has been long understood that our federal government is going deeper into debt , consistently raising the debt ceiling and demonstrating no fiscal restraint .
In recent years , debt ceiling increases have been placed in " must pass " legislation as a means to guarantee that Republicans as well as Democrats would vote for them when Congress was under Republican control .
We also know our nation 's " negative savings rate " reflects the habits of private citizens , showing those habits to be not tremendously different than the habits of the public sector .
Yet , the signs of decline are becoming ever more apparent .
So apparent , in fact , that it seems unlikely that bailouts or other gimmicks will have even short term success .
More inflation , and creating moral hazard by bailing out egregious offenders , is a recipe for disaster .
These activities can seem to provide some short term relief , but it seems we are now at a significant crisis point , where monetary policy gimmicks do n't provide the band - aids they did in the past .
Not only is our nation on the verge of bankruptcy , but so are its people and private institutions .
We are now repeatedly hearing about businesses " needing to access the credit market to make payroll . "
This is an unmistakable sign of more dire consequences ahead for the economy .
If businesses must borrow just to make payroll , this is evidence of a severe undercapitalization that cannot be sustained , even for the short run .
Couple these facts with items such as the explosion of the " pay day loan " industry and the unmasking of the false sense of economic well - being is nearly complete .
These pay day loan companies use preferred access to easy credit to inject cash into the hands of the working poor .
They are nearly always set up in lower - income neighborhoods .
These people , who are struggling to buy food and pay rent , get addicted to the credit drug .
Their standard of living is only further depressed by the interest payments on these loans that make them profitable to their providers .
Thus , the recipients are left even less capable of paying for items such as food and housing in the long run , without using this credit again and again .
These people are often the very ones being paid by businesses who " borrow to make payroll . "
This is the dark underbelly of the fiat money , borrow and spend economy this nation has been building .
As the government takes over more and more functions of the economy many see the rise of socialism as an antidote to this failure of " capitalism " .
However , the fact remains that our economy has been increasingly running on debt , not capital .
Capitalism does not exist without capital and debt is not , has never been and will never be a form of capital .
Only now are we seeing the more dire implications of an economy without capital .
Dr. Ron Paul
Project Freedom
Congressman Ron Paul of Texas enjoys a national reputation as the premier advocate for liberty in politics today .
Dr. Paul is the leading spokesman in Washington for limited constitutional government , low taxes , free markets , and a return to sound monetary policies based on commodity - backed currency .
He is known among both his colleagues in Congress and his constituents for his consistent voting record in the House of Representatives : Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution .
In the words of former Treasury Secretary William Simon , Dr. Paul is the " one exception to the Gang of 535 " on Capitol Hill .
Dr. Ron Paul Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
It ’s official .
Sarah Palin was found to have abused her authority in the firing of a public official who would not fire her state trooper ex-brother - in - law , according to the probe released Friday .
Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monegan refused to fire Trooper Michael Wooten , who was involved in a divorce and custody dispute with Palin ’s sister .
The report cites repeated attempts and pressure by Palin ’s husband , Todd , the “ first dude ” of Alaska , to have Wooten removed from his job .
The real question is , is this having any effect on the race ?
The investigation has been under way since July , and Palin originally promised to cooperate .
Yet after McCain asked her to join his ticket , Republicans began to claim that the investigation was politically motivated , even despite Republican dominance in Alaskan politics .
The Wooten probe has been , until now , just another punchline in the story of McCain ’s largely unvetted Veep pick : the pretty conservative with the sharp tongue and folksy manner who could n’t name a single newspaper she reads and did n’t know what the Bush Doctrine is .
Now that it ’s out , will it change anyone ’s mind ?
Palin , I ’ve already noted , has become a much more polarizing figure than McCain .
Her hard - core supporters are unlikely to be swayed by an investigation that they already think is politically motivated .
And those who already dislike her will chalk this up as one more reason that McCain ’s choice was a bad one .
The mythical “ swing voter ” seems , by recent polls anyway , to be swinging away from McCain / Palin , as their rallies have turned into more and more negative , even bloodthirsty pits of race - baiting and name - calling .
Ethics scandals have had negligible effects on past presidents , with Clinton ’s ratings remaining in the 60 % range all through the Lewinsky drama , and Nixon even retaining 24 % support at the height of Watergate .
That may seem like a pretty low number , but that ’s approximately one in four people polled during the worst scandal of the modern presidency .
It ’s not for nothing that the press loves to tag the word “ gate ” onto the end of anything remotely smelling like trouble around the political sphere .
Palin ’s own ethical scandal has of course been dubbed “ Troopergate . ”
It ’s more of a reflection on the nature of the news media that even while the title “ - gate ” is tagged onto the end of any minor scandal , they fail to follow up .
The New York Times and Washington Post on Sunday morning both carried no major stories following up on the Palin ethics probe .
The story breaks , and it ’s on to the next one .
But abuse of power by Vice Presidents is a very serious issue .
Dick Cheney is widely considered to be the most powerful Veep in history , and in the debate , Palin said that she agreed with Cheney ’s theory that the Vice President has authority outside of the executive branch .
McCain , as it has been repeatedly noted , would be the oldest first - term president elected to serve .
His health problems have also been remarked upon , as have his gaffes on the campaign trail – gaffes that seem to be memory lapses rather than actual mistakes .
Palin would be in a position to become President if the worst should happen .
Not only that , she would have the opportunity to step into Cheney ’s shoes and have influence much like Cheney ’s own , particularly since the religious right that has become the root of the Republican party would consider McCain ’s election more evidence that favors are owed them .
This scandal should show everyone that Palin did mean it when she said the Vice President ’s office should have expanded powers .
It should also show people exactly what she thinks of the rule of law .
We ’ve already had eight years of politically motivated firings and questionable appointments .
We ’ve had questions for a while about Cheney assuming powers not granted him by the Constitution .
No longer can we assume that the VP is just there to balance the ticket .
Yet the more we find out about Sarah Palin , the more we can see that that is exactly what John McCain was looking for when he shopped for a running mate .
This scandal may well get washed out of the news by the next in a long string of sad stories on the failing economy .
But we would do well to remember in the days to come that Sarah Palin is n’t just a punch line for David Letterman or Tina Fey .
The question we need to ask ourselves is whether or not we need another Dick Cheney in the White House .
Do n’t Miss More Posts Like
This !
Please leave this field empty Email *
Heart transplant patients are as much as 25 % more likely to survive if the sex of the donor is the same as the patient ’s , researchers said Wednesday .
The results surprised experts because , for most types of transplants , sex differences are irrelevant as long as a good immunocompatability is achieved .
The worst results were in men who received hearts from smaller women , suggesting that the pumping capacity of the organ is crucial to the success of the procedure , according to the study , presented at a New Orleans meeting of the American Heart Assn .
But women were also somewhat more likely to reject transplants from males , perhaps because of lingering immune stimulation from earlier pregnancies , experts said .
Advertisement
The findings may not make much difference to transplant procedures , however , because the relatively small number of hearts that become available grossly limits the surgeon ’s ability to pick and choose .
“ Organs are scarce . . . so we must take the next organ that is available , ” said Dr. Jon Kobashigawa , director of the heart transplant program at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center .
And a heart can only be kept out of the body for no more than six hours .
There are many factors that could improve survival , he said , if surgeons had more time to make a match .
About 2,200 heart transplants are performed each year , but an additional 2,700 patients are on waiting lists , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , which manages the lists .
Three - quarters of all heart transplants are given to men , so by necessity many must receive female organs .
Advertisement
Dr. Eric Weiss of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore studied UNOS records for 18,240 heart transplants that took place between 1998 and 2007 .
Some patients were followed for as long as 10 years , with the average being 3.4 years .
Overall , 71 % of the patients -- 77 % of males and 51 % of females -- in the federally funded study received a heart from a donor of the same sex .
About a quarter of the transplant patients died during the study .
When the sexes of the donor and recipient matched , the researchers observed :
Advertisement
* A 13 % lower risk of graft rejection in the first year .
* A 14 % lower risk of rejection over the entire length of the study .
* A 25 % drop in death during the first 30 days after transplant .
* A 20 % lower rate of death in the first year .
Advertisement
“ We hypothesized that we would see a big difference in the short - term survival -- which we did , most likely because of heart - size issues -- but what was interesting was the substantial difference in the long term , as well , ” Weiss said .
The results were similar to data on 8,000 patients from an international study compiled by the International Society for Heart & Lung Transplantation , Kobashigawa said .
In that study , however , all the patients were followed for at least 10 years .
The primary difference between the two studies was that among the international patients , women who received organs from women also did not do as well in the long term .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Plans for the future office include a spactially flexible environment , in which workstations and meeting areas can be easily moved , added or taken away .
PITTSBURGH
— You spend all day there , and if the latest trends in green office architecture catch on you may actually begin to enjoy your workplace a lot more .
The Euro - sleek office of the future is already in full effect at an eight - year - old successful experiment at Carnegie Mellon University called the Intelligent Workplace .
Scenes from the
Here , workers in a heavily windowed living laboratory have a " right to daylight " — each desk is within 25 yards of natural light .
Ceiling panels reflect warm daylight to work areas .
More productive
Studies show that access to daylight improves worker productivity by 5 percent to 25 percent .
" You save money if you allow human performance to be part of the equation for building costs , " says the experiment ’s director Volker Hartkopf .
" Our goal is to generate environments that meet people ’s needs — air , thermal , visual , acoustic , and ergonomic qualities .
We meet them physically and psychologically . "
The " high - performance " office building trend , already standard in some western European countries , can be seen in the U.S. at the Condé Nast building in Manhattan and the Frito - Lay plant in Henrietta , New York .
Both have won a certification called Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) given out by the U.S. Green Buildings Council .
Cool heat
At the Carnegie Mellon Intelligent Workplace , no one suffers in airless cells that are too hot in the winter and too cold in the summer .
Much of the heat in the Intelligent Office radiates from slender window dividers , pipes actually , that snake around the building ’s walls and carry water warmed by recaptured waste heat from generators .
Solar and other reflective sources also warm office areas .
Cooling is achieved in the summer with interior shades and exterior louvers , along with windows that actually open .
Consoles at each station allow workers to control the flow of hot and cool air at their desk area .
All the walls and furniture , made largely of recycled materials , are modular and reconfigurable , so office dwellers do their own remodeling when it ’s time to move a workstation or add a conference room .
Workstations made by by König +
Neurath can be folded up to the size of a door .
No more dumpsters full of tortured plasterboard .
No more waiting for contractors .
Commercial and residential buildings use 65.2 percent of total U.S. electricity and more than 36 percent of total U.S. primary energy , according to the the U.S. Green Building Council .
Making electricity
Hartkopf and his colleagues have done systems consultancy for such U.S. sites as the Owens - Corning headquarters building in Toledo and the Department of Environmental Protection in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
At the Intelligent Workplace , he is collaborating with Bosch Siemens , Somfy and Cisco Systems on a fully automated building façade that will allow for control of daylight and glare so the building sheds heat in the summer when unoccupied to eliminate the need for spending electricity on cooling .
In the winter , the system will allow the building to become its own heat collector and source .
Hartkopf told LiveScience that his next large - scale office project at Carnegie Mellon is the Building as Power Plant .
A project that will produce energy , not consume it , thanks to the combination of a biodiesel fuel cell along with recapture of shed heat from the generation of electricity , and collecting and redirecting heat from the soil and sun .
" That ’s what we call renewable energy , " he said .
Macho Putin in yet ANOTHER display of masculinity as he releases ' Let 's learn judo with Vladimir ' DVD
First we saw him shirtless while fishing .
Then he was pictured at the wheel of a massive racing truck and shooting a tiger in the Siberian forest with a tranquiliser .
He has also appeared operating a train , sailing on a submarine and co-piloting a fighter jet .
Now Vladimir Putin - the world 's most manly leader - has released yet another display of his own masculinity : a DVD entitled ' Let 's learn judo with Vladimir Putin ' .
The world 's most fearless leader : Vladimir Putin attends a judo class in 2005
The same photo appears on the cover of his new DVD
Today he presented the instructional judo DVD that shows him throwing an opponent to the mat .
' Let 's Learn Judo with Vladimir Putin ' is the product of collaboration between Putin - a black belt - and former World and Olympic judo champion Yasuhiro Yamashita .
At a nighttime presentation minutes into his 56th birthday , Putin said the title was little more than an ' advertising trick ' .
Anyone who watches it ' will be learning not from your humble servant but from real geniuses ' of the martial art , he said .
But portions shown on Russian television depicted a black - clad Putin talking about the history and philosophy of judo , as well as a white - robed Putin demonstrating moves against a practice partner .
Putin is a one - time judo champion of his home city St. Petersburg - called Leningrad at the time .
He is also an avid skier , and his apparent fitness and devotion to physical activity helped increase his popularity in eight years as president .
This contrasted sharply with his hard - drinking and chronically ill predecessor , Boris Yeltsin , who died last year .
Putin gets ready to present the DVD against a backdrop of judo images
' The level of developing of sports undoubtedly defines the level of development of the country itself , ' Putin said at the presentation .
' Without sports , it 's impossible to speak of a healthy way of life , about the health of the nation as such , ' he said .
The original publication of the fishing photos made Putin a national sex symbol .
At the time , the Russian mass - market newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda published a huge colour photo of the bare - chested president , under the headline " Be Like Putin " .
It 's raining men : Russian President Vladimir Putin fishes in the headwaters of the Yenisey River in 2007
The picture illustrated a guide to the exercises needed to build up a torso like that of the Russian leader .
The paper reported that women who visited its website posted comments on Putin 's ' vigorous torso ' and said they ' were screaming with delight and showering him with compliments . '
Russian gay chatrooms and blogs were particularly intrigued by the photos .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , November 11 , 2008
The Federal Reserve fails to comply with congressional demands for transparency , underscoring age - old problem of top down socialism and letting the fox guard the henhouse .
The Federal Reserve is facing a lawsuit after it failed to comply with congressional demands for transparency and disclose the destination of at least $ 2 trillion dollars in bailout funds , underscoring once again the failure of top down socialism and the folly of trusting the foxes to guard the henhouse .
“ The Federal Reserve is refusing to identify the recipients of almost $ 2 trillion of emergency loans from American taxpayers or the troubled assets the central bank is accepting as collateral , ” reports Bloomberg .
“ Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in September they would comply with congressional demands for transparency in a $ 700 billion bailout of the banking system .
Two months later , as the Fed lends far more than that in separate rescue programs that did n’t require approval by Congress , Americans have no idea where their money is going or what securities the banks are pledging in return . ”
Bloomberg has requested details of the Fed lending under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act and filed a separate lawsuit in an effort to find out where the money has gone .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
President elect Barack Obama , who in a September 22 campaign speech promised to “ Make our government open and transparent so that anyone can ensure that our business is the people ’s business , ” refused to comment on the story when contacted by Bloomberg , which is no surprise considering the fact that the man who guaranteed “ change ” has indicated he will not only follow the Bush administration policy of a socialized financial system , but radically expand it .
The Fed ’s secrecy on the issue of where the bailout money is going underscores the age - old problem with top down socialism as a tool of re-shaping the economic landscape .
The promise to fairly re-distribute the wealth , with full accountability , to achieve a solution that will ultimately benefit everyone , is trumped by the cold reality of the fact that corrupt elites , once the taxpayers have been suckered into believing the lie , merely hoard all the money for themselves and do n’t redistribute it to anyone apart from their own inner circle of cronies .
Indeed , the banks have admitted that they are hoarding cash and will keep on doing so while bigwigs reward themselves with fat bonuses as the real economy sinks deeper into the toilet .
Kashkari : A man you can trust .
But what else could we have expected upon hearing that ex-Goldman Sachs executive Neel Kashkari was appointed by Paulson to dole out the ill - gotten gains of the bailout to the rest of the corporate crooks ?
If you let the fox guard the henhouse then he ’s going to eat the chickens .
In this case , the Fed and the gaggle of bastard banker children sucking on its teat , gobbled up $ 5 trillion plus in taxpayers ’ money and then figuratively stuck the middle finger up when questions were asked about where that money was going .
Meanwhile , the bailout has had no effect whatsoever , increasing the severity of the financial downturn and allowing the same elite to exploit the crisis as a pretext for centralizing control of the world economic system and creating a new world order and a single global currency .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Here we go again , with Republicans accusing us of being them .
I noticed a good ten years ago or so something odd about Republicans .
They would do something nasty , and then turn around and accuse Democrats of doing it first – when we were doing nothing of the kind .
A reader pointed out to me a while back that this , in poker , is called a “ tell . ”
It ’s like a subconscious tic that gives away what the person is really thinking .
Well , the latest nervous tic to cross our radar is from none other than discredited former conservative Republican leader Newt Gingrich .
Newt thinks gay people are fascists and are hell bent on taking over the world .
( Methinks Newt still may have some unresolved issues from having a lesbian sister .
Lord knows she must have some issues having a neanderthal brother . )
Well ,
Newt now thinks gays are fascists – he used the word – because they are publicly holding rallies to oppose the passage of Prop 8 in California .
You ’ll recall that Prop 8 was the proposition that the Mormons and the religious right used to overturn a civil rights decision of the California Supreme Court , ripping the right of marriage away from gay couples .
Here ’s Newt :
Discussing actions by individual protesters of Proposition 8 , Newt Gingrich stated : “ I think there is a gay and secular fascism in this country that wants to impose its will on the rest of us , is prepared to use violence , to use harassment .
I think it is prepared to use the government if it can get control of it .
I think that it is a very dangerous threat to anybody who believes in traditional religion . ”
So let ’s revisit .
You ’re apparently not a fascist if you use the frenzied anger of the majority to get the government to take away the judicially - recognized civil rights of a discriminated - against minority , but you are a fascist if you ’re a member of the powerless minority who exercises their Democratic right to publicly rally and exercise free speech .
But it makes sense , if you think of the poker “ tell . ”
If you were a member of a political party that believed that the only “ real ” Americans were southern , white , conservative , Baptist men ( sorry , Mormons ) , then it would make sense to use the mindless popular will of the majority to take rights away from the minority .
And when the minority tried to stand up to defend itself , knowing that the minority is per se sub - human under this line of thinking , the minority is naturally being uppity , or the more modern phrase , “ fascist . ”
Gingrich is actually using a religious right trick , in which they beat up on minorities , and then when the minorities fight back the victims are accused of being “ intolerant of intolerance . ”
The Mormons have played this card of late as well , trying to portray themselves as some sot of “ victim ” of “ religious bigotry ” after they spent $ 20 million ripping away the civil rights of gay men and lesbians in California in an effort to jam Mormon values down the throats of Christians , Jews and others .
But I ’m sure it ’s not religious bigotry when the Mormons forcibly convert dead Holocaust victims to Mormonism against the wishes of the victims ’ families .
It ’s only religious bigotry when Jews demand Mormons stop violating their dead .
Yeah , right .
Even though most races have been called , election workers Wednesday were just beginning to tally at least 1.6 million leftover provisional and mail - in ballots across California .
Counties have until Dec. 2 to count the votes , according to the secretary of state ’s office .
Some officials said they have more uncounted ballots than normal because of a surge in voting .
In Los Angeles County , election officials estimated that about 566,000 ballots were yet to be counted .
At least 375,000 of those were vote - by - mail ballots that were brought to the polls .
About 239,000 vote - by - mail and provisional ballots were still to be counted in Orange County , 220,000 in San Diego County , about 86,000 in Ventura County and 85,000 in San Bernardino County , officials say .
Advertisement
In Alameda County , election workers reported that about 120,000 provisional ballots and an unknown number of mail - in ballots remain uncounted .
Not all counties were able to provide estimates of uncounted votes , and almost all said their reports were preliminary .
Alice Jarboe , assistant to the registrar in Sacramento County , said there were about 140,000 outstanding ballots there .
“ Not all of those will count because they have to be verified first , ” Jarboe said .
“ We expected a high turnout , and we did get a high turnout .
We have all those ballots yet to process . ”
Advertisement
--
ari.bloomekatz@latimes.com
Times staff writers Joanna Lin , Paloma Esquivel and James Wagner contributed to this report .
With an estimated $ 4 trillion in housing wealth and $ 9 trillion in stock - market wealth destroyed so far in the United States , there is little doubt that we are witnessing a classic debt - deflation bust at work , characterized by falling prices , frozen credit markets and plummeting asset values .
Those who want to understand the mechanism might ponder Irving Fisher 's comment in 1933 :
When it comes to booms gone bust , " over - investment and over - speculation are often important ; but they would have far less serious results were they ...
Washington D. C. - Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson announced that the government would begin implementing video game like achievements for consumers to help stimulate consumer spending .
" Consumers are two - thirds of the economy , so we 're trying to find the best way to get them buying again .
Achievements in video games have been successful in getting people to playing games more than they should , so we 're hoping these consumer achievements get people buying more than they should to get the economy going again , " said Paulson .
Citizens do not have to do anything to enroll in the program and purchases are tracked automatically using technology from the NSA .
Taxpayers can follow their achievements on the new consumerachievments .
gov
Web site .
For all achievements reached , citizens will receive a small graphic they can display on their personal blog , and that will be printed on their passport .
Accumulating enough achievements will allow citizens to unlock more valuable achievements , which can result in rewards like a tax rebate or lunch with a Senator .
Consumers were excited by the news .
" I 'm hopelessly in debt and my home is being foreclosed on , but I think I can scrape enough together to get the " Feed Family " achievement , " said Claudia Harcox of Muncie , Indiana .
Paulson also hinted that if successful this program might be expanded to business with achievements like " Recapitalize a Bank " and " Create 100 Jobs in One Quarter . "
A small group of the achievement graphics were released to the press with the full list available at the consumerachievments .
gov
Web site .
Cash King - Purchase over $ 200 worth of merchandise using cash .
Eater Outer -
Eat away from home for more than half your meals in a month .
Go Big or Go Home - Purchase two or more SUVs in a calendar year .
Gun Guru -
Arm yourself with a newly purchased handgun .
Jewel Giant - Purchase $ 1000 worth of jewelry a month for three consecutive months .
Material Girl -
Any combination of jewels , clothes or spa treatments worth $ 2500 in a month .
Speed Demon - Purchase a sports car with estimated MPG under 10 .
Story Options : Related Share Print
More and more consumers are choosing Apple computers to access their favorite online content , with the presence of Macs on the Web growing more than 4.7 percent last month , according to the latest market share figures from Net Applications .
Macs accounted for 8.23 percent of all traffic on Web sites tracked by the firm during the month of September , up from 7.86 percent the month before .
Those gains came largely at the expense of rival systems running flavors of the Windows operating system , which saw their combined share slip from 90.66 percent to 90.29 percent .
Also on the rise was the share of Web traffic coming from iPhones , which inched up nearly 7 percent from August to garner a combined 0.32 percent share .
Those gains , however , pale in comparison to the more than 57 percent leap made by the touchscreen handsets immediately following the release of the iPhone 3G in July .
Meanwhile , Apple 's Mac- and Windows - based Safari web browser also maintained its forward progress during the month of September , with its share climbing a bit over 4 percent .
Bush 's War on Science The Stalin Era for Environmental Protection
Secretive changes at the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) have diluted science and jeopardized public health .
Will Obama overcome Bush 's toxic legacy ?
Von Rebecca Clarren
Making Change : The Cost of Being Transgender Homeless teens who want a sex change are selling themselves to pay for it .
May 10 , 2007  -- Kenyatta can't talk long ; she has a date .
" We call them dates , " she said of the men with whom she has sex for money .
Anxiously , she brushes her long dark hair off her slight shoulders and out of her smoky eyes .
Once you know that Kenyatta , 22 , was born a male , her large hands and Adam 's apple seem obvious .
But at first -- and even second -- glance , there is little to suggest that she was n't a girl her entire life .
She prostitutes herself " about twice a month " in order to buy the black market hormones that enlarge her breasts , raise the pitch of her voice and keep hair from growing on her face .
" Honestly , " she said , " I have to pull a trick to pay for hormones . "
Kenyatta is one of 25 young people spending the night at Sylvia 's Place , an emergency homeless shelter for New York City 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender youth .
A third of the people here this Tuesday night , like most nights , are low - income transgender women who were born male .
Kicked out of their homes and ostracized by their peers , they look to each other for solace and to the streets to make a living .
In an effort to make their bodies more feminine , some " trans women " take unregulated doses of hormones bought on the black market and pump industrial silicone -- the same stuff used in brake fluid -- into their breasts .
Many have hurt themselves or attempted suicide .
Being transgender is costly .
It costs people their families , homes , health , educations and jobs .
It also costs a lot of money .
To pay for their transitions , many of these young women have not only lived on the streets but worked there as well .
They sell their bodies to afford the treatments and trappings necessary to make those bodies look to the world as they do in their heads .
Wealthier parents with a child who begins to present as transgender , sometimes as early as 5 years old , will seek information on the Internet , with a family physician , or through a community organization .
But many low - income parents can't afford access to those resources .
Children from poorer families are more likely to be thrown out of their homes and end up on the streets .
Though the transgender community in the United States is small , roughly estimated at between 1 and 3 million people , it represents a broad diversity of people .
" Transgender can be anything from feeling internal body dysmorphia [ an altered body image ] to acting on it , as with cross - dressing , to actually changing your body through hormones , silicone injections and surgery , " said Cris Beam , a journalist who spent seven years following a group of transgender youths on the streets of Los Angeles for her book " Transparent . "
Those who want surgery and can afford it can spend $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 for a sex - change operation .
But for most transgender people , surgery is not an option .
Their primary concern is simply making ends meet .
" The vast majority of [ transgender ] people are poor , " said Chris Daley , director of the Transgender Law Center .
" Being trans affects their economic health and means unemployment and underemployment .
There is a real material cost in transitioning . "
In San Francisco -- arguably the most transgender friendly city in the country and home to the minority 's largest population -- 60 percent of transgender people make less than $ 15,300 .
Experts and advocates say that people obviously in the middle of transition are often discriminated against when looking for work .
Those with jobs often cannot get their health insurance to cover the cost of hormone therapy .
" They 're often turned away from places like McDonald 's if they 're visibly trans -- the most basic workplaces and most basic jobs , " said Ray Carannante , associate director of the Gender Identity Project at the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Community Center in New York .
" They 're out there and they often have to rely on sex work .
Very often , trans young people have to rely on sex work regardless of what other skills they have . "
Britney Spears , who took her new name from the pop singer she loves , was born 22 years ago in Queens , N.Y .
Then named Nick , she began wearing her younger sister 's clothing when she was 5 years old -- at home and even at school .
When her mother died a few years ago , Britney went to live with a grandmother in Baltimore who later kicked her out .
Now unemployed and living at Sylvia 's Place , she tried working at McDonald 's and " even [ has ] the scars to prove it . "
" I worked at McDonald 's , but it was horrible , " she said .
" They made me dress as a boy .
When I went to the interview , I was all dressed up and I looked beautiful , but the manager said , ' Do n't do it around the other workers cause it makes them uncomfortable . ' "
Black Market Hormones and Silicone Injections
Many transgender people use hormones to alter their sex characteristics .
Estrogen adds breasts to men , stops facial hair from growing and raises the voice .
Costs for hormones vary from place to place and depend upon a person 's needs .
Medicaid will not pay for most hormone treatments because it considers the therapies optional .
Most transgender people cannot afford to see doctors and get the necessary tests .
Instead , they buy hormones on the black market -- usually hormone replacement therapies for menopausal women smuggled into the United States from Mexico .
" The costs vary , " said Carannante .
" I might be able to get hormones on the street for $ 20 , but someone else might pay $ 100 dollars for the same thing .
The majority of trans youth of color are not getting hormones by prescription . "
Janet , 25 , has n't uttered her birth name in almost a decade .
She began her transition to become a woman at 14 .
At about the same time , she began robbing houses to afford black market hormones .
She has criss - crossed the country and bought illegal hormones in California , New York and Texas .
" Just go into any transsexual bar and someone there will be selling , " she said .
The only time she ever received hormones by prescription and at regulated doses was at a county jail in San Francisco .
After being raped in another prison , she contracted HIV .
On the black market , she said , 1 cc of estrogen costs around $ 15 .
A physician might charge more than five times that amount .
She has also spent $ 800 on laser hair removal and at one time considered pumping industrial silicone into her breasts .
Dr. Ward Carpenter , a physician at the Callen - Lorde Community Health Center who works with transgender patients , said there were numerous risks associated with both silicone injections and unregulated hormone use .
" Silicone is a huge health problem …
One patient has had 20 surgeries to remove all the silicone injected into her hips 30 years ago .
It solidifies , becomes very hard , and clumps into rocks , " he said .
" Silicone has a tendency to migrate in the body , " he added .
" It can be injected in the hips and then you end up in the emergency room with silicone in the lungs . "
There are also health risks associated with illegal hormones .
Progesterone has been linked to breast cancer and estrogen can cause deadly blood clots in the " lungs , legs , heart and brain . "
Class Matters
Low income " trans men " also face challenges in their transition from females to men .
Born Raquel Samantha Hall , 20 - year - old Kels never felt comfortable in his body .
" My body never felt right to me , " he said .
" I always wanted to dress boyish and do boyish things .
The body I 'm in , I hate .
I do n't like my breasts or my voice .
" I want to chop off my breasts , but that will cost $ 8,000 .
I do n't even have good enough credit to get $ 8,000 .
I do n't even have good enough credit to get a credit card . "
Affording their transition is not all low - income transgender people have to worry about .
Young transgender children in wealthier families often receive the benefit of their parents ' education and access to information .
Children attending smaller schools in wealthier districts are more likely to have adults advocating for them than those in poor areas where funding is spread thin , said Daley .
Transgender people also must regularly contend with acts of violence .
The young people interviewed by ABCNEWS.com all said they had been verbally harassed and some had been physically assaulted .
" For the last decade or two , about one trans person is murdered every month , " said Mara Keisling , the executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality .
" We know that number is actually higher because a lot of trans people 's murders go unreported either because the police are confused or are trying to help victim 's family by masking the person 's identity . "
" It 's very class related , " she added .
" When we look at who murder victims are , they 're generally young low - income trans women of color and very often immigrants .
If you 're any of those things you are more susceptible to violence and disrespect .
If you 're all of those things , you probably feel like you have a bull 's - eye on your back . "
From the " why pay when you can get it for free " files : InternetNews.com has learned that Sun is set to release StarOffice 9 on November 17th .
StarOffice is Sun 's office suite offering currently based on the OpenOffice.org code base .
OpenOffice.org itself was originally based on StarOffice which Sun acquired back in 1999 .
OpenOffice.org is free ( as in beer and as in Freedom ) and is also offered as a supported commercial offering by Linux vendors including Red Hat , Novell and Ubuntu .
As far as I know StarOffice is not free in the same sense .
The current StarOffice 8 is being sold by Sun for $ 69.95 and the licensing terms are not quite open .
StarOffice9 is expected to include Mac compatability , new new add - on support , Weblog Publisher and Database Report Builder functions .
If some of that sounds familiar it should - it's a similiar feature set to the one in the recently released OpenOffice 3 which came out last month .
There is of course nothing wrong with having an open source verison and then a commercial version of the same software .
The common argument is that the commercial versions of open source are more enterprise - ready and includes additional stability testing .
I 'm not so sure that 's still the case with StarOffice , especially in light of how far OpenOffice.org has progressed .
If you look at Sun 's own current list of the differences between OpenOffice.org and StarOffice the list is n't much .
Is there still a need for a StarOffice ?
I suppose Sun still has legacy customers and there is still brand equity in the name .
Beyond that I suspect that the future is all about OpenOffice.org .
Square - Enix and NeuroSky will unveil a mind - controlled gaming demo on Thursday at the Tokyo Game Show .
The setup works with a Windows PC and the MindSky headset , and runs Square 's software created specifically for this demo .
The headset fits over your head with earmuffs and has one electrode that monitors brainwaves .
The headset itself is compatible with many different platforms , but it is n't specified what level of control your brainwaves have over the game .
Neurosky only says the headset it monitors your level of relaxation and concentration .
The demo will take place in NeuroSky 's booth at TGS .
[ BusinessWire ]
Advertisement
Our impact on Earth ’s climate might be even more profound than we realise .
Before we started pumping massive amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , the planet was on the brink of entering a semi- permanent ice age , two researchers have proposed .
Had we not radically altered the atmosphere , say Thomas Crowley of the University of Edinburgh , UK , and William Hyde of the University of Toronto in Canada , the current cycle of ice ages and interglacials would have given way in the not - too - distant future to an ice age lasting millions of years .
“ It ’s not proven but it ’s more than just an interesting idea , ” says Crowley .
For much of the 500 million years or so since complex life evolved , Earth ’s climate has been much hotter than it is now , with no ice at the poles .
During the last of these “ hothouse Earth ” phases , from around 100 to 50 million years ago , the Antarctic was covered by lush forests and shallow seas submerged vast areas of America , Europe and Africa .
Advertisement
Oscillating wildly
Since that time , though , CO 2 levels have slowly fallen , possibly due to the rise of the Himalayas .
As a result Earth has gradually cooled , with permanent ice sheets starting to form in Antarctica around 30 million years ago and later in the Arctic .
Then , 2.5 million years ago , the climate entered a curious new phase : it started oscillating wildly , see - sawing between interglacial periods with conditions similar to today ’s and ice ages during which the amount of permanent ice in the northern hemisphere expanded hugely .
At the peaks of these transient ice ages , much of northern Europe , northern Asia and North America were covered in ice sheets up to 4 kilometres thick , and sea levels were 120 metres lower than today .
From a “ deep time ” perspective , this ice age - interglacial cycle may be just another brief transitional phase .
It has been becoming ever more variable , Crowley says .
Bigger swings
When the cycle began , the climate went from ice age to interglacial and back roughly every 41,000 years .
More recently , it has been happening every 100,000 years .
The temperature swings have also become greater : the interglacials have been no warmer but the ice ages have become much colder .
So the overall cooling trend was continuing – until the arrival of the Anthropocene , the period in which humans have started to have a major affect on Earth ’s climate and ecosystems .
According to a simple climate model developed by Crowley and Hyde , this increasing variability was a sign that the climate was about to flip into a new stable state – a semi- permanent ice age .
This ice age might well have lasted for tens of millions of years or more , Crowley says .
In the model runs best resembling actual climate history , the switch to a long - lasting ice age happened as early as 10,000 to 100,000 years from now .
However , Crowley stresses that not too much confidence can be placed on the results of single runs out of many .
Hello snowball
The idea of the world becoming locked in an ice age is certainly plausible , says James Zachos of the University of California , Santa Cruz , who studies past climate .
It ’s not that rare for the climate to switch from one state into another , he says .
And there were extensive and long - lived ice ages during the Carboniferous period , around 300 million years , points out climate modeller Andy Ridgwell of the University of Bristol , UK .
Further back , around 700 million years ago , there was an even colder period known as “ Snowball Earth ” , when the planet froze over nearly completely .
However , Crowley and Hyde are going to have to do a lot more work to convince their peers .
Because of the vast lengths of time involved , they used a very basic model to simplify calculations .
“ It is not as complex as everyone wants it to be , but you can run it for a very long time , ” says Crowley .
Handle with care
None of the researchers contacted by New Scientist thought the model ’s predictions are worth taking seriously .
It appears to have a bias to forming large and stable ice sheets , says Ridgwell .
“ So it does not come as a shock that they find a transition point to an even greater ice mass state . ”
Still , everyone agrees that it is an intriguing idea .
“ It is worth delving into deeper , ” says Ridgwell .
The idea that humans have averted an ice age may ring a bell with regular New Scientist readers .
Climatologist Bill Ruddiman has suggested that Stone Age farmers prevented an ice age by releasing greenhouse gases .
However , the two ideas are quite distinct : Ruddiman thinks that without human intervention we would now be entering another transient ice age like all the previous ones , while Crowley thinks that at some time in the future the whole ice age - interglacial cycle would have ended .
It ’s possible they could both be right – or wrong – but we will never know for sure .
We have pumped so much carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in little more than a century that levels are higher now than they have been for at least 800,000 years .
This will have delayed any switch to a long - lasting ice age indefinitely .
“ We are probably very comfortably away from it happening now , ” Crowley stresses .
Instead , we are putting the planet ’s climate on the opposite trajectory , back towards “ hothouse Earth ” conditions .
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature07365 )
I cugini d’oltralpe sono i nostri migliori nemici-amici e quando si parla di rivalità calcistica e culinaria , gli animi si accendono , ma inevitabilmente si creano anche importanti sodalizi tra i tanti contrasti .
Gli spiriti italiano e francese si uniscono e scontrano , ma spesso trovano un accordo quando si parla di …
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for jobless benefits rose last week to 516,000 , the highest level since the weeks following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the Labor Department reported on Thursday .
U.S. imports fell by a record 5.6 percent in September and exports suffered their steepest drop since September 2001 , narrowing the monthly trade deficit slightly more than expected , a U.S. Commerce Department report showed on Thursday .
KEY POINTS :
JOBLESS CLAIMS : * The figure outstripped forecasts , with analysts polled by Reuters expecting initial claims to be only 484,000 . *
The claims were last at this high a level in the week ended September 29 , 2001 , when they were 517,000 .
*
A four - week moving average of claims , which smoothes out weekly variations , was 491,000 , the largest since March 1991 .
* Continuing claims reached 3.897 million for the week ended November 1 , up from 3.832 million the prior week and the most people filing for ongoing unemployment assistance in a quarter of a century .
TRADE BALANCE : * A record drop in imported oil prices and the lowest auto and auto parts imports since February 2004 helped trim the monthly trade gap to $ 56.5 billion .
*
The reading was slightly below the consensus estimate of $ 57 billion made by Wall Street analysts .
*
The monthly goods and services trade gap was the lowest since October 2007 .
COMMENTS :
JOEL NAROFF , PRESIDENT , NAROFF ECONOMIC ADVISORS , HOLLAND , PENNSYLVANIA :
JOBLESS CLAIMS : “ They are telling us that the unemployment rate will continue to grow .
Eight percent or maybe nine percent is likely to happen depending how the auto sector is going to do .
That is a severe recession to say the least .
But no one really knows what ’s going to happen to the auto sector .
“ Rising unemployment rate affects the economy in a real way and depresses consumer confidence ...
It argues for real distress year - end shopping season for retailers . ”
TRADE GAP : “ The drop in oil price is a factor no doubt about it .
People are just not driving that much more .
They are not driving Hummers .
It ’s not enough to say it ’s just oil .
We are seeing a decline in everything -- imports and exports .
That ’s not good .
You do n’t want it to happen this way .
It tells me everybody is hurting . ”
DANA SAPORTA , ANALYST , DRESDNER KLEINWORT , NEW YORK :
“ The initial claims data came in came in much worse than expected at 516,000 .
We no longer have hurricanes or other special factors to blame for elevated numbers as we did say in September .
“ So the higher level we are seeing is probably reflecting a fundamental weakening in the labor market .
It suggests that the unemployment rate in the U.S. , last reported at 6.5 percent for October , will continue to rise , probably hitting 7.5 percent or more sometime in 2009 .
“ Also , the continuing claims figure ... is on the rise and that indicates that those individuals who have lost a job are finding it increasingly more difficult to find new employment .
So it tells the same story . ”
TRADE :
“ The fact that the trade deficit narrowed to $ 56.5 billion could suggest that we may see an upward revision to third quarter GDP when it is next reported .
There is a lot more September data we need to learn before we can make a final determination about the direction of the revision . ”
“ In one sense that is good news .
In another sense , to the extent a narrowing trade deficit reflects decreased demand at home , it could also reflect a weakening economy .
That ’s the flip side . ”
SCOTT BROWN , CHIEF ECONOMIST , RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES , ST PETERSBURG , FLORIDA :
“ That is an upside surprise on the claims figures , consistent with more substantial job losses and consistent with payroll losses of about 300,000 per month . ”
“ This is obviously very , very serious deterioration in the labor market , more than a lot of people had expected even a couple of months ago .
We are looking at the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression and the biggest economic crisis we have had in the United States since the early 1980s .
“ The retail sales numbers tomorrow are expected to be terrible .
It is just really startling how much consumers have adjusted their spending habits . ”
DAVID WYSS , CHIEF ECONOMIST , STANDARD & POOR’S RATINGS SERVICES , NEW YORK :
JOBLESS CLAIMS : “ This is unremitting bad news .
It will continue to be a major issue .
The two biggest increases could be blamed on the auto layoffs in Michigan and Ohio .
“ This suggests another real bad number for November payrolls after what we saw in October .
We could see a similar number this month .
I ’m looking at the jobless rate to hit 8 percent by late next year .
“ The overall trend has been toward high unemployment and fewer jobs and less business for retailers . ”
TRADE GAP : “ We have a couple of offsetting things on the trade side coming in to this report , especially with the Boeing strike and the drop in oil prices .
It ’s a continued trend of a narrowing of the trade deficit and it will gather more steam due to lower oil .
“ A lot of improvement came from the price side , not really any pickup in real exports so it ’s not really going to help GDP . ”
SACHA TIHANYI , ASSOCIATE CURRENCY STRATEGIST , SCOTIA CAPITAL , TORONTO :
“ Trade balance came in much in line with expectations and marginally better than the previous month .
The U.S. dollar is strengthening against the euro and sterling marginally immediately after the release .
However , given the undercurrents driving the currency market at the moment , the impact is likely to be fleeting .
Jobless claims are definitely elevated , the highest data print of this economic downturn and definitely a negative .
That brings us very close to the peak initial jobless claims data from the previous 2000 to 2001 downturn . ”
MARKET REACTION : STOCKS : U.S. equity index futures add to losses after jump in jobless claims .
BONDS : Treasury debt prices firm slightly .
DOLLAR : U.S. dollar trims losses versus euro .
RATE FUTURES : U.S. rate futures trim losses , indicate chance of 50 basis points cut at December FOMC meeting .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . 
A local television anchorwoman found savagely beaten in her home last week died of her wounds on Saturday night .
The death of the anchor , Anne Pressly , was announced by her parents through St. Vincent Infirmary Medical Center .
On Friday , it had been reported that Ms. Pressly was somewhat improved , although still in critical condition and unable to communicate verbally .
Her doctors had described themselves as “ guardedly optimistic ” that she would recover .
“ It was our hope , as was yours , that Anne would overcome the injuries inflicted upon her in the brutal attack at her home , ” her parents , Patricia and George G. Cannady , said Saturday in the hospital ’s news release .
“ We were with her in her last moments , and although our hearts are broken , we are at the same time comforted by our faith knowing that Anne is now with our heavenly father . ”
Ms. Pressly , 26 , was discovered by her mother , who went to her daughter ’s home in the prosperous Pulaski Heights neighborhood when Ms. Pressly failed to answer a routine wakeup call .
Ms. Pressly appeared on the “ Daybreak ” program on KATV , the ABC television affiliate here .
Neat Mirror Art Project
So this dude set up an art installation of these mirrors that basically just hang out and sort of talk to each other until someone walks up and they notice them .
When that happens , all the mirrors turn and look at the person and follow them around and watch the person until they get bored I guess .
Check out the video of it in action !
There is something special about these hand picked posters .
A certain style that is unique and makes them stand out .
Those are big typography posters , with a grunge edge and a retro touch .
Typically with big fonts , straight lines , round curves , dark colors and grunge textures .
Scott Hansen :
Jonathan Haggard :
mrgraphicsguy :
Kasper Soeholt :
Joseph Wharton :
Rafael Bessa :
More :
Get More Typography Inspiration :
Hopefully now you have plenty of posters for inspirations …
So , here is a link to collection of grunge tutorials and resources .
Create you own and share the results !
I wish to see more from this style …
Searaser Device Uses Waves to Pump Sea Water Uphill , Could Be Huge Boost for Hydro Power
November 17th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
A UK engineer has invented a device that harnesses wave power to pump sea water uphill , from where it can flow downhill to create hydroelectricity , raising hopes of a cheap , abundant source of renewable energy .
In trials , the device , called the Searaser , has pumped water more than 160ft above sea level , using little more than the natural motion of the waves .
There are now plans for a much larger version , capable of pumping to a height of more than 650ft .
Inventor Alvin Smith reckons that each full - size device would be able to pump enough water to supply electricity to 470 homes .
He also calculates that a fleet of 43,000 could generate enough power for a staggering 20 million households .
According to Smith , one of the major advantages of the method is that the turbines that would be used to generate electricity are a proven and reliable technology that has been in use for years in hydroelectric installations in hilly areas , where water can be held in reservoirs .
The Searaser is currently undergoing a six month trial ( video ) prior to commercial production .
Once this is over , we might be getting used to the sight of flotilla ’s of these ingenious devices bobbing up and down all around the UK coast , or further out to sea .
If the relatively cheap , simple invention can be shown to work effectively alongside a dependable hydroelectric system on a large enough scale , it might just be possible that the approach could be taken up elsewhere around the world too .
Image Credit – Dartmouth Wave Energy
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
LOS ANGELES — Hyundai is making a big splash here at the L.A. Auto
Show with a promise to deliver a full line of hybrids and gasoline vehicles that average 35 mpg by 2015 .
The cornerstone of the Korean automaker 's eco-plan is a hybrid sedan that breaks new ground with lithium polymer batteries Hyundai says are cheaper , lighter and more durable than anything else on the road .
By embracing lithium polymer technology , Hyundai is breaking with competitors like Toyota , which remains dedicated to the nickel - metal hydride batteries used in the Prius , and General Motors , which is pouring everything it has into developing the lithium - ion technology at the heart of the Chevrolet Volt .
The company 's " Blue Drive " push to seize the green mantle from Toyota and Honda begins next year when it rolls out super - efficient " Blue " versions of its already thrifty Accent and Elantra — with sticker prices below their conventional counterparts .
Hyundai 's first hybrid , a gas- electric version of the Sonata , follows in 2010 .
“ Hyundai aims to be the most fuel - efficient automaker on the planet , ” says John Krafcik , VP of product development .
“ We ’re aligning our global R&D resources in Michigan , California , Nam Yang and Frankfurt to develop the Blue Drive technologies we need to achieve our goal — a 35 - mpg U.S. fleet average by 2015 . ”
Hyundai is late to the hybrid party , rolling out its first gas- electric car well after Toyota and Honda introduce their third - generation hybrids and Chevrolet plans to offer its range - extended electric car .
Hyundai hopes to make up for lost time by delivering batteries it says are better than those in the Prius , the forthcoming Honda Insight and Chevrolet Volt .
Hyundai is breaking with the rest of the industry by betting lithium polymer batteries are the future .
Krafcik says they deliver the same power as the nickel - metal hydride batteries found in the Prius but deliver 10 percent greater efficiency while weighing 30 percent less and requiring half as much space .
They also offer greater energy density in a smaller package than lithium - ion batteries while being more durable , easier to cool and cheaper to build , he says .
The battery being developed by LG Chem is the heart of a parallel hybrid system called Hybrid Blue Drive that mates a 2.4 - liter gasoline engine to a six - speed transmission and a 30 - kW electric motor .
Hyundai says the car will have an all - electric mode , but there 's no word yet on what sort of range it will offer or what kind of fuel economy the hybrid will deliver .
Besides the hybrid , Hyundai plans to offer high - fuel economy models of the Accent and Elantra that feature improved aerodynamics , low - resistance tires , transmission tweaks and engine modifications aimed at improving efficiency .
Hyundai did n't offer any specific fuel economy figures but says the " Blue Editions " will be cheaper than the conventional Accent and Elantra , which start at $ 11,070 and $ 13,970 , respectively .
Looking ahead , Hyundai execs have signed off on an all - new crossover utility vehicle based on the HED - 5 concept pictured above .
The six - passenger vehicle uses Hyundai 's new Theta engine , a 2.0 - liter turbocharged four - cylinder engine with direct injection .
The company says the engine produces 286 horsepower — more than many V6s on the road — while improving fuel economy by 15 percent .
The Theta engine will appear in other Hyundai models as well .
Main photo by Jim Merithew / Wired.com .
All others by Hyundai .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkp2UQ8U-lA
By Jonathan Marcus
Diplomatic correspondent , BBC News
Syria has said American troops carried out a raid inside Syria along the Iraqi border , killing eight people - if the claims are true then this will be the first military incursion by the US into Syrian territory from Iraq .
Syria 's foreign minister Walid al - Muallem met US officials at the UN But its timing is curious , coming right at the end of the Bush administration 's period of office and at a moment when many of America 's European allies - like Britain and France - are trying to broaden their ties with Damascus .
Whatever the local military factors involved in this US operation , it would be unthinkable to imagine that an incursion into Syria would not require a policy decision at a high - level .
The movement of insurgents and foreign fighters from Syria into Iraq has long been a bone of contention between Damascus and Washington .
The US argument has always been that the Syrians are not doing enough to control the border .
The Syrians have always countered that they are unfairly being blamed for turmoil inside Iraq that is not of their making .
Quite apart from their differences over Iraq , Washington sees Syria as unhelpful in Lebanon and as far too friendly with Iran .
While there have been relatively high - level contacts between the two governments - US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meeting the Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al - Muallem on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly just a few weeks ago - they have hardly generated any warmth .
Washington has even been lukewarm to Turkey 's efforts to broker a peace deal between Israel and Syria .
Nicolas Sarkozy ( r ) has sought to warm relations with his Syrian counterpart
All of this is in marked contrast to European efforts to engage the Syrians .
With French President Nicolas Sarkozy in the lead , a number of European countries have sought to bring Syria in from the cold .
But despite glimmerings of dissent from the State Department , the Bush administration has held firm to its policy of no substantive talks with Syria unless - as the Americans put it - Damascus decides to take a more " positive role " in the region .
With the Bush administration on the way out , this US military incursion may represent something of a parting shot against the Syrians .
It 's clear that if Senator Barrack Obama were to win the White House , his key advisers are among the strongest advocates of engaging with Damascus across a broad spectrum of issues .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( RealSimple.com ) --
I like to think of my attitude toward money as enlightened .
Author finds out how he burns up dollars every day without thinking about it .
Last summer , for instance , I received a letter informing me that I had won a small grant from the state of Massachusetts .
The next day I was informed that I was being audited -- by the state of Massachusetts .
Ah well , I thought .
The state giveth and the state taketh away .
My friends and family see my attitude toward money in slightly different terms .
" You 're a total miser " is how my darling wife , Erin , puts it .
In fact , it 's a bit worse than that .
I 'm one of those irritating guys who try to convert self - deprivation into a virtue .
I buy my pants secondhand .
I hoard hotel soap and used aluminum foil .
I eat the not - too - badly - chewed leftovers off my daughter 's plate .
And I constantly rail against consumerism .
Which is why I recently subjected myself to a little experiment : Could I go a week without spending a single penny ?
Here was my big chance to showcase all that adorable righteousness !
To stage a tour de force , a morality play in seven daily acts !
Real Simple : 20 money - saving secrets
This was n't how I sold the plan to my wife , though .
I assured her the point of the challenge was ( at least partly ) to help me come to terms with my superior attitude toward money .
Confronting my reliance on currency might actually lead me to be less judgmental , I argued .
My wife sighed deeply .
" Oh God , " she said .
" This is going to be so annoying . "
Saturday
The day begins with my normal ritual : a squash match against my nemesis , Zach .
Before we step onto the court , I inform him , apropos of nothing , that I wo n't be spending any money for the next week .
He looks confused , perhaps because he has never before seen me spend money .
In the third game , I rip an incredibly macho forehand and our ball goes dead .
" I 'll buy us another , " I say .
" Oh , wait a second .... "
A miffed Zach marches to the front desk to buy the ball himself .
On the way home , we stop to pick up buns from Erin 's favorite Portuguese bakery .
I could argue that I 'm not buying the buns for myself , but rules are rules , so I beg Zach to pay for them .
" Come on , " I say .
" I 'll pay you back next week . "
" Is n't that just a deferred purchase ? "
Zach asks .
I ponder this question , weighing its logic against the prospect of returning home to my wife bunless .
" Listen , " I say .
" The lettuce in our garden is going crazy .
Buy me these buns and I 'll give you a bushel of romaine .
Dude , that 's a straight - up barter . "
Sunday
The day starts well .
I do not proceed to the nearest Dunkin ' Donuts to purchase hot liquid crack .
I do not buy the morning paper .
Instead , I meditate on the contents of my soul .
( This does not take long . )
My afternoon plan is to watch the finals of the European soccer championships at my friend Karl's , but his wife has just had a baby so supposedly they 're " tired . "
We do n't have a TV , so I end up at an Irish pub , where the bartender stares at me for 20 minutes , waiting for my drink order .
I slink out at halftime .
Monday
Erin and I are on our way back from running an errand with our two - year - old daughter , Josephine .
It 's rush hour in Boston , Massachusetts , and traffic is barely moving .
" Hey , " Erin says .
" Let 's go to a restaurant . "
" Very funny .
No spending means no spending . "
" Gnocchi in vodka sauce , " she says .
" Mmm. Shrimp scampi .
Lobster ravioli . "
" Please shut up , " I say .
We dine on day - old sandwich wraps at home .
Real Simple : Save money by entertaining at home
Tuesday
Getting a haircut has become increasingly disconcerting as I 've entered my slow but inexorable march toward Captain Picarditude .
Still , it has become essential that I visit my stylist , Linda , at least once a month , lest my remaining follicles pouf in a manner recalling Robby Benson during his Ice Castles phase .
Complicating matters is the fact that Josephine will be coming along for her debut haircut .
As I ease into the chair , I explain to Linda that I plan to pay her for both haircuts ... next week .
" Two baldies coming up ! " she shrieks , brandishing her clippers like a Ginsu knife .
She 's kidding .
I think .
Heading home , I pull up at a stoplight .
A 10 - year - old kid walks up to my window , holding a bucket with the name of a homeless children 's shelter .
" I 'm sorry , " I say .
" I can't spend money this week . "
Erin digs a handful of quarters from her purse and reaches across my lap .
" Here , " she says to the kid .
" Take this .
I apologize .
My husband is an idiot . "
At this point , three things occur to me , more or less simultaneously :
1. I am an idiot .
2 . I spend a lot more money than I ever realized or would admit .
3 . While I enjoy having an excuse not to spend money , I do not enjoy feeling like an idiot .
Wednesday
My friend Billy comes over for dinner .
The plan was to make him lasagna , but Billy is deeply suspicious of any foods not prepared by restaurant professionals or his grandmother .
We opt for Chinese takeout .
On the way to pick up the food , I launch into my rap about how I wo n't be able to pick up the check , because , see --
" Not a problem , " Billy says .
" You never pay . "
" I do too pay , " I say indignantly .
He waits for me to recall a specific instance .
Real Simple : Tip on loaning money
Thursday
I occupy the morning making a short list of things I would buy if I could :
1 . The new Ike Reilly album .
2. A box of Raisinets .
3 . A full - time masseuse .
4. Solar heating panels .
5 . A life coach who also does pedicures .
( I feel compelled to add that I would share the full - time masseuse with Erin , but only if she agreed to stop insulting me in front of panhandlers . )
Of course , if I allowed myself to spend money , I would n't buy any of these things .
I would deprive myself of them , very loudly .
I would also harangue myself about unreasonable purchases .
" Paper towels ! " I would roar , as I strolled the aisles at Target .
" Who needs those when you can use an old T - shirt ? "
But I can't spend money , so all I think about is spending money .
I am beginning to see the appeal of those fancy catalogs Erin gets and thumbs through , sighing all the while .
It 's way more fun to fantasize about purchases than to make them .
How odd .
I miss the unctuous attentions of the retail sector , the vaguely cheeselike scent of crisp new bills .
Most of all , I miss the brief but potent fantasy that illuminates every cash transaction in our culture : that you can buy happiness .
Friday
On my last day of mandatory penury , we head down to celebrate my wife 's birthday with her family .
As we reach the tollbooth off the turnpike , Erin is asleep .
The toll collector is waiting for his $ 1.75 .
" Honey , " I whisper .
No response .
This being the Massachusetts Turnpike , within five seconds a horn sounds behind us .
Erin opens her eyes and looks around .
" Oh , good grief , " she says .
Originally we all planned to go out Saturday night , so I could pick up the tab .
But when we arrive , Erin 's mother announces that we 'll be going out tonight .
Marriage has taught me this :
You do n't throw down with your mother - in - law .
So I now explain to my in - laws that I can't contribute a red cent to my wife 's birthday dinner .
Then I get to spend an hour after dinner watching Erin open presents .
Perfume .
Gift cards .
Bath gel .
Had I planned more effectively , I would have gifts to offer her , too , bought weeks ago .
But part of my new attitude toward money involves refusing to consider the ways in which it might make the people around me unreasonably happy .
I watch the wrapping paper pile up .
" Remember those diamond earrings I got you for your birthday last year ? " I keep saying .
" You know the ones I mean , with the diamonds ? "
Later , lying in bed , I take stock of my accomplishments .
I 've stiffed a homeless child .
Nearly gotten my daughter scalped .
Cheaped out on my wife 's birthday .
It 's not the kind of résumé that shouts " personal growth . "
I nudge Erin .
" Sweetie ?
What do you want for your birthday ? "
" Sleep , " she murmurs .
" Seriously , " I whisper .
" I will get you absolutely anything you want . "
I assume she 's thinking about how best to call my bluff .
Does she want a bigger house , one with an actual dining room ?
A car manufactured in this century ?
Then I hear a very faint snoring noise .
It 's almost midnight .
I fantasize about slipping out of bed and dashing to an all - night convenience store to buy up their most expensive Hostess product .
Would Erin appreciate this gesture ?
Possibly .
But I know what she would really like -- for me to climb off my high horse and stop sweating the small purchases .
To become more relaxed about money .
So I lie there in the dark , relaxing about money .
In the morning , my wife will get up and I 'll announce my new attitude toward money , carefully avoiding the word " enlightened . "
The only question now , really , is , Will she buy it ?
Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE !
Copyright © 2009 Time Inc .
All rights reserved .
All About Personal Finance
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/vvh-JrABqbY]
Over 150 people have been killed in a Mumbai terror scene that eerily resembles the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center in New York .
The terror scene has been unfolding in Mumbai since late Wednesday night ( November 25th ) and has carried on beyond 48 hours .
Although a group known as the Deccan Mujahideen has claimed responsibility , there is speculation that that the series of coordinated attacks is part of a larger international conspiracy .
One of the terrorists that was arrested has confirmed that the attack was planned more than 6 months ago and that more than 40 terrorists came to India – 29 of them were from Pakistan and the others were from Bangladesh .
154 dead , 327 injured ; Indian commandos and hotel staff from the Taj and Oberoi hotel are looked upon as heroes .
Terrorists stormed Mumbai , India ’s commercial capital in a coordinated effort that has wreaked havoc over the entire city .
The Taj and the Oberoi , Mumbai ’s two leading hotels , Chatrapati Shivaji station , the main train station , Leopold Cafe in the Colaba area and several other spots including a gas station , hospitals and public areas near Mumbai ’s domestic airport were attacked .
Meanwhile , investigators are examining satellite phone and GPS found on trawler seized in Arabian Sea .
Hostages held in Mumbai ’s Leading Hotels
Hostages were held in both of the above hotels .
The Taj hotel was significantly damaged by fire which burned intermittently through the night .
The top floor of this heritage hotel completely collapsed .
At least 100 hostages were held inside the Taj hotel .
Many
Taj staff and guests have died or are injured .
Authorities found 8 kilograms ( 17 pounds ) of RDX , one of the most powerful kinds of military explosives , at a restaurant near the Taj , indicating that the attackers may have been planning more attacks .
Armies checked dead bodies within the hotel for booby traps .
Rescue operations are on however the recovery is slow .
Hostages were also held in the Trident hotel , an Oberoi property .
NDTV reported that the lobby of the Oberoi Hotel was on fire and authorities were in a skirmish with terrorists inside the hotel .
According to eyewitnesses , half of the hostages were non-Indians , with U.S. and UK passport holders apparently the main targets .
Hostages were also held in Nariman House , a Jewish residential building .
Army commandos have entered both hotels and an encounter is underway .
Commandos are holding talks with the terrorists .
Terrorists Arrived By Boat
A boat laden with arms was found docked at the harbor just a short way away from the Taj hotel .
The terrorists used rubber dinghies to bring AK - 47s , hand grenades and bombs to the shore .
Deccan Mujahideen Claims Responsibility
Even as a little - known Deccan Mujahideen group claimed responsibility for the coordinated terror strikes in Mumbai on Wednesday night , the identity and nature of the attack has left security agencies baffled .
In the camera shots of a suspected terrorist involved in the gruesome shootout ever to be undertaken by terrorists , the AK - 47 wielding youth comes across as an average youngster .
Dressed in a black half T - shirt and jeans with a blue rucksack hung over his left shoulder and red sacred thread tied on his right wrist , one might just mistake him to be just another regular college going student .
[ social_buttons ]
Mumbai Cops Have Been Killed
Reports have come in that encounter specialist cop Vijay Salaskar and Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Kamte have been killed , and that Hemant Karkare , head of the anti-terrorist squad , has also succumbed to injuries .
Navy and National Security Guards have also been called for help .
6
Mumbai Terror Highlights
State Dept. number for info on American hostages in Mumbai : 1-888-407-4747
Mumbai is on high alert
AK - 47 shootings reported inside hotels and near a hospital
( Hotel Trident ) Encounter with terrorists inside Hotel Oberoi
Terrorists inside Oberoi
Hotel throw bombs from windows
Terrorists came to Mumbai by boat
BP Petrol pump blown up in Colaba
Encounters with police continue at hospitals and at movie theaters
Cities of Delhi and Gujarat are on high alert
Unexploded grenades have been found in the Taj hotel lobby
Explosion on the roof of Taj Hotel ;
Taj hotel burned through the nigh ; top floor completely collapsed
Two young terrorists took people with UK and USA passports hostage
Huge explosions reported in Hotel Oberoi ( Trident ) and Taj Mahal Palace Hotel
14 Mumbai police have been killed .
NSG ( National Security Guards ) commandos have entered the hotels
Terrorist inside Oberoi ( Trident )
Hotel is demanding the release of all Indian Mujahideen
Indian army is carrying on an operation inside both Taj and Oberoi Hotels
Rescue Operations are on at the Taj hotel
Deccan Mujahideen , an unknown outfit , claims responsibility for the attack via email
Hostage Situation develops inside Cama hospital .
Five Jewish families taken hostage in Nariman House , a Jewish residential home .
Partial curfew issued in Mumbai in Coalaba area and Gateway of India ( near Taj hotel )
Mumbai Stock Exchange will be closed on 11/26
9 terrorists have been arrested ; 5 terrorists killed ; several terrorists still running rampant in the city
800 Army personnel stationed throughout Mumbai
Mumbai University cancels exams that were scheduled for today
Pakistan supports a complete investigation with open lines of intelligence communication
Situation Update as of November 26th
Terror attacks in 11 places across Mumbai
Hostage situation in Taj hotel , Trident hotel , Nariman house
101 dead including 14 policemen , 6 foreigners
Encounter cop Vijay Salaskar , Additional CP Ashok Kamte killed
Anti-Terror Squad chief Hemant Karkare shot dead
Nine suspected terrorists caught , five killed , three escape
Reports : Deccan Mujahideen claims responsibility
100 people rescued from the taj , many still trapped inside
Police : terrorists came by boat into Mumbai
NSG commandos at Taj hotel , trident hotel
Places attacked : Cama hospital , GT hospital , VT station , Trident hotel , Taj hotel ,
Wadi Bunder , outside Metro Cinema , Girgaum Chowpatty , Petrol pump near bootleggers pub
Wadi Bunder , outside Metro Cinema , Girgaum Chowpatty , Petrol pump near bootleggers pub Taj hotel staff killed ; encounter still on
Unexploded grenades in the lobby of taj hotel
BSE , NSE stock exchanges to be shut today
5 - 6 terrorists still believed to be loose in Mumbai
800 army personnel at various locations in Mumbai
Mumbai University cancels all exams scheduled today
Curfew in Colaba and gateway of India
Sources : shades of underworld in terror attack
Hotels in Mumbai asked not to take new guests
Touring English cricket team wants to head back home
PM cancels all rallies scheduled for today
Army officer RK Hooda : terrorists extremely well - motivated
Army officer RK Hooda : checking for booby traps in hotel
Operation begins at Trident in Mumbai
TV sets inside trident disconnected as operations begin
Hostages at Nariman House , Trident , Taj
10 - 12 terrorists inside Trident hotel
Pak national held in Chowpatty : Sources
Rs 5 lakh for killed ; 50 K for seriously injured
Foreign hand fully evident : Intelligence
Helicopters circle over Taj
At Trident : Two terrorists still holed up
At Nariman House : 2 - 3 terrorists inside
Commandos airdropped at Nariman House
Schools and colleges remain shut
Helicopters circle over Taj hotel
The Oberoi Hotel and Trident ( Old Oberoi finally came under army control at 1.06 am Pacific Standard Time .
( NDTV )
A lethal gunfight is still going on at the Taj hotel …more than 48 hours later .
Read more on CNN
Read more on NDTV
Disney.com has released the Trailer for Up .
It starts with a promotion from the past Disney Pixar 's hits and then shows some actual footage from the film .
In this " coming of old age " story , a seventy - something hero , alongside his clueless wilderness ranger sidekick , travels the globe , fighting beasts and villains , and eating dinner at 3:30 in the afternoon .
The villain in Up is named Charles Muntz , after Charles Mints , the Universal executive that stole the rights to Walt Disney 's creation , Oswald the Lucky Rabbit , in 1928 .
Disney went on to create Mickey Mouse , which was infinitely more successful .
The Pizza Planet truck from Toy Story , which appears in every Pixar film , shows up just as Karl 's house takes off .
When Karl and Ellie go on a picnic , they sit under the same tree that is featured in A Bug 's Life .
Up is the first animated movie to win Academy Award Nominations for both Best Picture , and Best Animated Feature .
Up is quite possibly Pixar 's most emotive film ever .
Grumpy widower Karl Fredrickson finds his house under threat from housing developers and he decides to move on up , instead of out .
The only problem is , he had n't bargained on taking an incredibly well - meaning yet annoying , boy scout named Russell with him .
The two arrive at Paradise Falls , where an exotic bird introduces himself , which Russell loves and Karl does not .
However , things take a turn when they discover a villainous explorer is after them .
The explorer also owns a dog called Dug who is the most precious dog ever .
If you do n't love dogs already , you will once you 've met Dug .
This trailer serves as a trip down memory lane ; taking us back through previous Pixar movies and letting us reminisce happily over films which , let 's face it , have pretty much ripped our hearts out and stamped all over them .
Remember in Monsters , Inc , when Sully had to say goodbye to Boo ?
Or in Toy Story 2 when Jessie remembered she once had an owner who loved her ?
Ouch .
Still , this trailer is lovely to watch and it also sets the movie up nicely .... but be warned .
I said Up is emotive and it is , throughout , but it also contains one of the most beautiful , yet painful montages I have ever seen , animated or otherwise .
I was sobbing only eleven minutes into the film and I do n't think I recovered .
That said , I love a good cry at a movie , which is why Up is one of my most favorite films ever .
Aspiring HENRYs played by the rules :
They won the best grades in high school , got accepted at good colleges and grad schools , and worked daunting schedules as medical interns or associates in law firms .
Now this group of superachievers is being targeted as a cash machine .
Barack Obama has pledged to pay for middle - class tax cuts and credits by raising taxes on the HENRYs .
Obama and the congressional Democrats frequently refer to households earning over $ 250,000 as the " rich . "
But whether the HENRYs are truly " rich , " or ever will be , is debatable .
The reason the HENRYs are strapped for both lifestyle and nest egg is twofold : First , they already face a large and rising burden for federal , state , and property taxes plus the knife of the AMT .
Second , they invest heavily in their kids : saving for private colleges , paying for day care - and providing dance , tennis , or gymnastics lessons .
They have little left over for either extravagant living or , in many cases , saving for an affluent retirement .
That Barack Obama trounced John McCain last Tuesday should have surprised no one .
In fact , in this column , weeks ago , I stated emphatically that John McCain could no more beat Barack Obama than Bob Dole could beat Bill Clinton .
He did n't .
( Hence a vote for John McCain was a " wasted " vote , was it not ? )
I also predicted that Obama would win with an electoral landslide .
He did .
The real story , however , is not how Barack Obama defeated John McCain .
The real story is how John McCain defeated America 's conservatives .
For all intents and purposes , conservatism -- as a national movement -- is completely and thoroughly dead .
Barack Obama did not destroy it , however .
It was George W. Bush and John McCain who destroyed conservatism in America .
Soon after G.W. Bush was elected , it quickly became obvious he was no conservative .
On the contrary , George Bush has forever established himself as a Big- Government , warmongering , internationalist neocon .
Making matters worse was the way Bush presented himself as a conservative Christian .
In fact , Bush 's portrayal of himself as a conservative Christian paved the way for the betrayal and ultimate destruction of conservatism ( something I also predicted years ago ) .
And the greatest tragedy of this deception is the way that Christian conservatives so thoroughly ( and stupidly ) swallowed the whole Bush / McCain neocon agenda .
For example , Bush and his fellow neocons like to categorize and promote themselves as being " pro-life , " but they have no hesitation or reservation about killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people in reckless and unconstitutional foreign wars .
By the same token , how many unborn babies were saved by six years of all three branches of the federal government being under the control of these " pro-life " neocons ?
Not one !
Ask the more than eight million unborn babies who were killed in their mothers ' wombs during the last eight years how " pro-life " George W. Bush and John McCain are .
As a result of this insanely inconsistent and pixilated punditry , millions of Americans now laugh at the very notion of " pro-life " conservatism .
Bush and McCain have made a mockery of the very term .
Consider , too , the way Bush and McCain have allowed the international bankers on Wall Street to bilk America 's taxpayers out of trillions of dollars .
Yes , I know Obama also supported the Wall Street bailout , but it was the Republican Party that controlled the White House for the last eight years and the entire federal government for six out of the last eight years .
In fact , the GOP has won seven out of the previous ten Presidential elections .
They have controlled Supreme Court appointments for the past thirty - plus years .
They have appointed the majority of Treasury secretaries and Federal Reserve chairmen .
They have presided over the greatest trade imbalances , the biggest deficits , the biggest spending increases , and now the worst financial disaster since the Great Depression .
Again , the American people look at these so - called " conservatives " and laugh .
No wonder such a sizeable majority of voters yawned when John McCain tried to scare them by accusing Barack Obama of being a " big taxer . "
How can one possibly scare people with a charge like that after the GOP has made a total mockery of fiscal conservatism ?
That 's like trying to scare someone coming out from a swim in the Gulf of Mexico with a squirt gun .
Then there was the pathetic attempt by the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) to scare gun owners regarding an Obama White House .
Remember that John McCain is the same guy that the NRA rightly condemned for proposing his blatantly unconstitutional McCain / Feingold bill .
McCain is also the same guy that tried to close down gun shows .
He even made a personal campaign appearance for a pro-gun control liberal in the State of Oregon a few short years ago .
In fact , the Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) gave McCain a grade of " F " for his dismal record on Second Amendment issues .
Once again , Chicken Little - style paranoia over Barack Obama rang hollow when the alternative was someone as liberal as John McCain .
But the worst calamity of this election was the way conservatives -- especially Christian conservatives -- surrendered their principles for the sake of political partisanship .
The James Dobsons of this country should hang their heads in shame !
Not only did they lose an election , they lost their integrity !
In South Carolina , for example , pro-life Christians and conservatives had an opportunity to vote for a principled conservative - constitutionalist for the U.S. Senate .
He is pro-life , pro-Second Amendment , and pro-traditional marriage .
He believes in securing our borders against illegal immigration .
He is against the bailout for the Wall Street banksters .
His conservative credentials are unassailable .
But the vast majority of Christian conservatives ( including those at Bob Jones University ) voted for his liberal opponent instead .
The man that the vast majority of Christian conservatives voted for in South Carolina is a Big - Government neocon .
He supported the bailout of the Wall Street banksters .
He is a rabid supporter of granting amnesty and a pathway to citizenship for illegal aliens .
In fact , this man has a conservative rating of only 29 % in the current Freedom Index of the New American Magazine .
Why did Christian conservatives support the liberal neocon and not the solid pro-life conservative ?
Because the conservative ran as a Democrat and the neocon is a Republican .
I 'm talking about the race between Bob Conley and Lindsey Graham , of course .
Had South Carolina 's pastors , Christians , evangelicals , and pro-life conservatives voted for Bob Conley , he would be the new senator - elect from that state .
In fact , Bob was so conservative that the Democratic leadership in South Carolina endorsed the Republican , Lindsey Graham !
No matter .
A majority of evangelical Christians in South Carolina stupidly rejected Bob Conley and voted for Graham .
Across the country , rather than stand on principle , hundreds of thousands of pastors , Christians , and pro-life conservatives capitulated and groveled before John McCain 's neocon agenda .
In doing so , they forfeited any claim to truth , and they abandoned any and all fidelity to constitutional government .
They should rip the stories of Daniel , Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego out of their Bibles .
They should never again tell their children , parishioners , and radio audiences the importance of standing for truth and principle .
They have made a mockery of Christian virtue .
No wonder a majority of the voting electorate laughs at us Christians .
No wonder the GOP crashed and burned last Tuesday .
Again , it was n't Barack Obama who destroyed conservatism ; it was George W. Bush , John McCain , and the millions of evangelical Christians who supported them .
And until conservatives find their backbone and their convictions , they deserve to remain a burnt - out , has - been political force .
They have no one to blame but themselves .
And since it is unlikely that the Republican Party has enough sense to understand any of this and will , therefore , do little to reestablish genuine conservative principles , it is probably best to just go ahead and bury the scoundrels now and move on to something else .
Without a sincere commitment to constitutional government , the GOP has no justifiable reason to ever govern again .
Therefore , put a fork in them .
They are done .
Let a new entity arise from the ashes : one that will stand for something more than just " the lesser of two evils . "
As we say in the South , That dog just wo n't hunt anymore .
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link : http://www.chuckbaldwinlive.com/donate.php
© Chuck Baldwin
This column is archived as http://www.chuckbaldwinlive.com/c2008/cbarchive_20081107.html
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link : Chuck Baldwin Live Donate Form
I also have many books and DVDs available for purchase online .
Go here : Chuck Baldwin Live Store
To subscribe to my weekly columns , click here : Subscribe to Chuck 's Column Related
We have all heard the old adage before : laughter is the best medicine .
But , it might just be among the oldest medicine .
In a report published by the University of Wolverhampton , and commissioned by the British television channel Dave , the world ’s oldest joke can be traced back to 1900 BC .
Not surprisingly , the list of the world ’s top 10 oldest jokes includes the ever - popular bathroom humor and much sexual innuendo .
Empirical medical research confirms that people who smile and laugh are generally happy , and people who do not , are not .
The benefits of humor and laughter as complementary medicine , as well as just a healthy life practice , are unequivocal .
As far back as the second century AD , Greek physicians documented that people who developed certain diseases had “ melancholic ” personalities .
More recent clinicians have produced anecdotal reports of people developing cancer during stressful life events .
Humor can be used to decrease stress , reduce pain , and increase immune function , but just how laughter elicits a physiologic response is still under investigation .
Laughter is a naturally occurring response to humorous stimuli and is a rather easily implemented and cost - effective clinical tool .
Some lay publications even report that laughter is equivalent to aerobic exercise .
It is true that laughter can increase blood flow , stimulate circulation , contract muscle groups , and improve respiratory function .
But , these effects are short - lived and laughter is followed by a period of muscle relaxation , decreased heart rate , slowed respiration , and decreased blood pressure .
This period may last as long as 45 minutes .
Some research has shown laughter causes a decrease in the levels of the stress hormones epinephrine , norepinephrine , and cortisol .
This may explain the relationship between laughter and increased immune function , which leads to overall health benefits .
Scientific data supporting the extent and actual benefit of laughter is lacking , however , and some studies have yielded conflicting results .
So what is the oldest recorded joke ?
It is a saying of ancient Sumerians , who lived in what is now part of Iraq : “ Something which has never occurred since time immemorial ; a young woman did not fart in her husband ’s lap . ”
Something may have been lost in translation , but we can all have a little chuckle at that one .
The randy Anglo - Saxons come in at number 3 on the oldest joke countdown : “ What hangs at a man ’s thigh and wants to poke the hole that it ’s often poked before ?
A key ! ”
That may not really qualify as medicine , but it sure is funny .
References
M. P. Bennett ( 2006 ) .
Humor and Laughter may Influence Health .
I. History and Background Evidence - based Complementary and Alternative Medicine , 3 ( 1 ) , 61-63 DOI : 10.1093/ecam/nek015
M. P. Bennett , C. Lengacher ( 2007 ) .
Humor and Laughter May Influence Health : III .
Laughter and Health Outcomes Evidence - based Complementary and Alternative Medicine , 5 ( 1 ) , 37-40 DOI : 10.1093/ecam/nem041
Posted by : Loren Coleman on November 24th , 2008
Due to all that ’s been going on , I am still playing catchup with the recent “ discovery news , ” and a big one happened last week that I do n’t want to miss sharing .
It is always good to hear about the rediscovery of a primate , and one caught and killed after nearly 80 years is news .
Having finally seen the species alive after 87 years is indeed bigger news .
Scientists have observed a living pygmy tarsier ( Tarsius pumilus ) , one of the planet ’s smallest and rarest primates , for the first time since 1921 .
The primate was rediscovered on a misty mountaintop , on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi .
In 2000 , Indonesian scientists who were trapping rats in the Sulawesi highlands accidentally trapped and killed a pygmy tarsier , spurring excitement to study the long lost primates again .
Until that time , everyone really did n’t believe that they existed because people had been going out looking for them for decades and nobody had seen them or heard them .
Tarsiers are unusual primates — the mammalian group that includes lemurs , monkeys , apes and people .
The handful of tarsier species live on various Asian islands .
They are nocturnal insectivores and are unusual among primates in that they have claws rather than finger nails .
The pygmy tarsier is also known as the mountain tarsier or the lesser spectral tarsier .
As their name indicates , pygmy tarsiers are small — weighing about 2 ounces ( 50 grammes ) .
They have large eyes and large ears , and they have been described as looking a bit like one of the creatures in the 1984 Hollywood movie “ Gremlins . ”
The group observed the first live pygmy tarsier in August 2008 at an elevation of about 6,900 feet .
Over a two - month period , the scientists used nets to trap three furry , mouse - sized pygmy tarsiers — two males and one female — on Mt. Rore Katimbo in Lore Lindu National Park in central Sulawesi , the researchers said last Tuesday .
Sharon Gursky - Doyen / Texas A&M University / Handout photo .
They spotted a fourth one that got away .
( It ’s always that third or fourth one , it seems , that gets away ! )
The tarsiers , which some scientists believed were extinct , may not have been overly thrilled to be found .
One of them chomped Sharon Gursky - Doyen , a Texas A&M University professor of anthropology who took part in the expedition .
“ I ’m the only person in the world to ever be bitten by a pygmy tarsier , ” Gursky - Doyen said in a telephone interview .
“ My assistant was trying to hold him still while I was attaching a radio collar ( to track its future movements ) around its neck .
It ’s very hard to hold them because they can turn their heads around 180 degrees .
As I ’m trying to close the radio collar , he turned his head and nipped my finger .
And I yanked it and I was bleeding . ”
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Monday , November 24th , 2008 at 12:00 am and is filed under Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , New Species .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
Nov. 26 , 2008  --
A suburban mother was found guilty today of minor misdemeanor charges for her role in an online hoax that prosecutors said led to the suicide of her teenage neighbor .
Lori Drew , 49 , was convicted on three misdemeanor counts of unauthorized access to computers in a case that drew nationwide attention both for its novel use of a computer hacking law to combat alleged cyberbullying and for its tales of suburban neighborhood rivalries and teenage suicide .
The jury could not reach a verdict on a single felony conspiracy charge .
Drew , who lives in a suburb of St. Louis , was acquitted of several felony counts of unauthorized access to computers in order to inflict emotional distress on 13 - year - old Megan Meier .
Drew faces a possible sentence ranging from probation to a year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for each misdemeanor count .
She could have faced up to 20 years in prison if convicted of the felony charges .
Megan Meier committed suicide in October 2006 after the end of her online relationship with a 16 - year - old boy named Josh Evans .
Prosecutors said " Josh Evans " was the fictitious creation of Drew , her daughter and her assistant , who allegedly created the fake MySpace account to spy on Megan .
Legally , as Drew 's lawyer Dean Steward repeatedly reminded the jury , the case was not about whether Drew caused Megan to commit suicide .
Instead , Drew was accused of violating MySpace 's terms of service by obtaining personal information to inflict emotional distress on the teen .
But the emotional pull , and much of the testimony in the trial in federal court in Los Angeles , centered on the suicide .
" The tragedy in this case is not just Megan Meier 's suicide .
It 's the fact that it was so preventable , " U.S.attorney Thomas O'Brien said in his closing statement .
Megan killed herself after " Josh " told her the world would be better off without her , prosecutors said .
The assistant , 20 - year - old Ashley Grills , testified under a grant of immunity that she was the one who sent the final message .
Drew 's daughter Sarah was also not charged .
Sarah told jurors her mother thought inventing " Josh " was a good idea but changed her mind two weeks later and told Grills to shut it down .
But Grills testified that Drew orchestrated the hoax and knew Megan was depressed and suicidal .
Prosecutors also said Drew later bragged about the prank to her friends and co-workers .
Groundbreaking Case
Steward has said that Drew did not encourage or participate in the hoax and was not aware of the mean messages being sent to Megan .
He repeatedly asked U.S. District Judge George
Wu to exclude testimony about Megan 's suicide and twice sought a mistrial .
The case is believed to be one of the first of its kind to use the statute barring unauthorized access to computers , which has previously been used to combat computer hacking , to address so - called cyberbullying .
Drew 's lawyers and outside legal experts have argued that the unusual prosecution could broaden the scope of what 's considered criminal conduct on the Internet .
Drew was charged for violating the MySpace terms of service , a set of rules that many users probably do not read .
" How can you violate something when you have n't even read it ? "
Steward asked , according to the Associated Press .
" End of case . "
According to prosecutors , for several years the Meiers and the Drews were friendly .
Both families had girls the same age who attended school together , and they had gone on family trips together .
Megan 's mother , Tina Meier , told jurors that her daughter was taking medication for attention deficit disorder and depression , and that she struggled with low self - esteem .
Concerned about her daughter 's safety , Meier said she had Megan 's father reverse the lock on her bedroom .
" I was nervous she would do something , " said Meier , adding that Megan had previously tried to commit suicide .
Prosecutors contend that Drew suspected that Megan was spreading rumors about her daughter .
They said Drew , her daughter and Grills set up a fake MySpace account in the name of Josh Evans , an attractive 16 - year - old boy who was new in town , to spy on Megan .
They allegedly used the Josh Evans account to contact and befriend Megan .
Within a few days , Drew encouraged her daughter and Grills to flirt with Megan and planned to lure the teenager to the mall to confront her with the hoax and taunt her , prosecutors said .
Grills , who helped Drew with her coupon magazine business , testified that she told Drew they might get in trouble for the scheme , but that Drew replied , " It was fine and people do it all the time . "
Grills said Drew thought the MySpace account was a funny idea and was present about half of the time when Grills and Sarah sent messages to Megan .
In October 2006 , another neighborhood girl obtained the password to the Josh account and sent Megan a message saying that Josh no longer wanted to be her friend .
The next day , an online argument escalated until Grills , posing as Josh , told Megan the world would be a better place without her in it , prosecutors said .
About 20 minutes later , Tina Meier found her daughter hanging from her belt in her bedroom closet .
She died at the hospital the next day .
Grills said during an interview with " Good Morning America " that she wrote that final message in an effort to end the online relationship with Josh because she felt the joke had gone too far .
Drew had previously denied involvement in the hoax , saying she did n't know about the mean messages being sent to Megan .
Her daughter has not been charged .
' Not Like I Pulled the Trigger '
Prosecutors claimed that after Drew learned what had happened , she told her daughter and Grills to delete the MySpace account and told the girl who said that Josh no longer wanted to be Megan 's friend to " keep her mouth shut . "
At one point , after admitting she had told others to take down the MySpace page , Drew allegedly said , " It 's not like I pulled the trigger , " said prosecutors .
When Megan 's parents learned of Drew 's alleged involvement , they contacted the police and the FBI .
Local and federal prosecutors in Missouri investigated but never charged Drew , concluding that no crime had been committed , according to court records .
Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles , where MySpace 's computer servers are located , took the case to a grand jury , which indicted Drew in May .
Judge George
Wu ruled before the trial that prosecutors could present evidence of Megan 's suicide .
The terms of service bar fraud , harassment or using information from MySpace to " harass , abuse or harm another person . "
Some observers said that allowing prosecutors to present the evidence of Megan 's suicide raises the possibility that the case , at least in the minds of jurors , will become more about the human drama of a teenage girl 's death than about the legal issues involved .
" Once the suicide horse is out of the barn it 's hard to tell jurors to ignore that , " said Joseph DeMarco , a former federal prosecutor .
" In a case like this , where the underlying acts seem to be innocent in and of themselves , the inflammatory word ' suicide ' might have disproportionate impact . "
Though the prosecution has been criticized , prosecutors said the case would not mean that anyone who violated a Web site 's terms of service would face criminal charges because prosecutors must still prove that a person acted with criminal intent .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
BEVISET : Her holder Mary Menth Andersen ( 51 ) frem brevet fra Barack Obama , mannen som hjalp henne til Norge .
Ved siden av henne står ektemannen Dag Andersen ( 53 ) .
Foto : Roger Neumann
Obama « reddet » Mary - betalte reisen til Norge
ÅSGÅRDSTRAND ( VG )
Mary var nygift og klar for å flytte til Norge , men ble stoppet på flyplassen fordi hun ikke hadde nok penger til turen .
Da dukket Barack Obama opp og betalte for henne .
Siril Herseth
Oppdatert 4 . oktober 2008
Artikkelen er over 11 år gammel
Mary Menth Andersen var den gang 31 år gammel og hadde akkurat giftet seg med nordmannen Dag Andersen .
Hun gledet seg til å starte et nytt liv i Åsgårdstrand i Vestfold sammen med ham .
Men først måtte hun få alle eiendelene sine over til Norge .
Dagen var 2 . november 1988 .
Les også : Hollywood - kjendisene : - Stem !
På flyplassen i Miami var det som vanlig hektisk med lange køer i innsjekkingsskrankene .
Da det endelig ble Marys tur og hun hadde lagt bagasjen på båndet , fikk hun beskjeden som skulle rive bort den boblende lykkefølelsen .
- Du må betale 103 dollar i overvekt dersom du skal ha med deg begge koffertene til Norge , sa mannen bak skranken .
Mary hadde ingen penger .
Hennes nye mann var dratt i forveien til Norge , og Mary hadde ingen andre hun kunne ringe .
- Jeg ble helt fortvilet og forsøkte å tenke igjennom hvilke av eiendelene jeg kunne klare meg uten .
Men koffertene var fylt av det beste jeg eide , forteller Mary .
Mild og vennlig
DEN GODE HJELPER : Demokratenes presidentkandidat Barack Obama hjalp Mary med å komme seg til Norge i 1988 .
Foto : AP
Selv om hun forklarte situasjonen for mannen bak skranken , viste han ingen tegn til barmhjertighet .
- Jeg begynte å gråte , tårene fosset og jeg visste ikke min arme råd .
Da hørte jeg en mild og vennlig stemme bak meg si : « Jeg betaler for henne » .
Mary snudde seg og der sto en høy og mørk mann hun aldri hadde sett før .
Les også : Obama bruker iPhone for å vinne velgere .
- Han hadde en mild og vennlig stemme som likevel var bestemt .
Det første jeg tenkte var : « Hvem er denne mannen » ?
Selv om hendelsen skjedde for 20 år siden , husker Mary fortsatt autoriteten denne mannen utstrålte .
- Han var pen og moteriktig i tøyet med brune skinnsko , åpen bomullsskjorte og kakibukser , forteller Mary .
Hun var lykkelig over å få seg med begge koffertene til Norge og forsikret den fremmede om at han skulle få pengene sine tilbake .
Mannen skrev navn og adresse på en papirlapp som han ga Mary .
Hun takket ham gjentatte ganger .
Da hun omsider gikk mot sikkerhetskontrollen , vinket han farvel til henne .
Reddende ridder
På papirlappen sto det « Barack Obama » og hans adresse i Kansas , som er delstaten som hans mor kommer fra .
Lappen bar Mary med seg i lommeboken i flere år , før den ble kastet .
- Han var jo min reddende ridder , sier Mary og smiler .
Hun tilbakebetalte de 103 dollarene til Obama dagen etter at hun kom til Norge .
Den gang hadde han avsluttet jobben som lavtlønnet miljøarbeider i Chicago , og var i gang med jusstudier på prestisjefylte Harvard .
Les også : Biden knuser Palin i studentenes kjekskonkurranse .
Våren 2006 hadde Marys foreldre hørt at Obama vurderte å stille som presidentkandidat , men at han ennå ikke hadde bestemt seg .
Derfor valgte de å skrive et brev der de forteller at han vil få deres stemme .
Samtidig takker de Obama for å ha hjulpet datteren deres 18 år tidligere .
I et brev til Marys foreldre datert 4 . mai 2006 og stemplet « United States Senate , Washington DC » , skriver Barack Obama tilbake :
« Jeg vil takke dere for å ha skrevet så fine ord om meg og for at dere minnet meg på hendelsen fra flyplassen i Miami .
Jeg er glad for at jeg kunne hjelpe den gang , og er lykkelig over å høre at deres datter har det bra i Norge .
Vær så snill å sende henne mine lykkeønskninger .
Vennlig hilsen Barack Obama , United States Senator » .
Foreldrene videresendte brevet til Mary .
Utrolig
Denne uken møtte VG henne og ektemannen på kafeen som hun driver sammen med venninnen Lisbet Tollefsrud i Åsgårdstrand .
- Det er utrolig å tenke på at mannen som hjalp meg for 20 år siden nå kan bli USAs neste president , sier Mary henrykt .
Hun har allerede stemt på Obama .
Nylig sponset hun hans kampanje med 100 dollar .
Stadig forteller hun historien fra flyplassen i Miami , både når rasespørsmål kommer opp og når samtalen dreier seg om presidentvalget .
- Jeg håper virkelig amerikanerne tar til fornuft og forstår at Obama betyr forandring , sier Mary .
Publisert : 04.10.08 kl. 07:48 Oppdatert : 04.10.08 kl. 09:05
Les også
Mer om Presidentvalget i USA
Recently , there has been a steady and worrisome trend of stories in Western countries restricting free speech in the name of tolerance of religion , sexual orientation and other values .
Now , United Nations General Assembly President Miguel d’Escoto Brockmann has called for a world ban on anyone defaming any religion .
A suspended Nicaraguan priest , D’Escoto is little concerned about the devastating blow to free speech and free press in such a rule — dangers already realized in various countries where speaking against a religion has resulted in criminal penalties and even death .
In making this outrageous call , D’Escoto has given critics of international legal systems a great boost — showing the dangers of such rules in restricting cherished constitutional rights .
D’Escoto once worked for those freedom loving folks The Sandinistas and was suspended by the Catholic Church .
He caused a ruckus in literally embracing that voice of tolerance : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Perfect guy to forge a new world order with less disturbing speech and more state - enforced consensus .
In his frightening remarks , D’Escoto sought what would be an international blasphemy law .
He told the members , “ Yes , I believe that defamation of religion should be banned . ”
Showing little concern or knowledge of free speech principles , D’Escoto simply reached for soundbites that likely pleased representatives from Iran , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and other blasphemy - punishing nations , click here and here and here and here .
He noted : “ People talk about bailing out the Wall Street when , in fact , humanity needs to be bailed out . ”
When reporters points out that he would gut free speech principles , D’Escoto responded “ What we are only trying to do is to forge a front against ignorance , hunger and disease . ”
This was a response to a Saudi Arabian proposal , which D’Escoto endorsed in principle .
For the press conference record , click here .
I get it now .
Iran and Sudan is a bastion against ignorance , hunger and disease by imprisoning or executing blasphemers .
The problem with this trend is the complete silence of Western powers and the United States .
Indeed , the West has begun to punish those who speak on taboo subjects or in a way that is offensive to the majority .
Click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Rich Hickey left a comment on my last post with a link to the videos of his talk :
Part 1 and Part 2 .
These are essentially screencasts of his slides , with audio added .
I have n't watched them ( I was there in person , after all ) so I 'm not sure if the Q&A audio was faithfully captured ; check it out and let me know .
Update Michael Livshin reports the questions are not always audible , but the answers usually make up for it .
Holy crapoly .
You have to see it to believe it .
" As your wold changes ... "
Via Newshounds -
Checkout the explosions .
The fires .
The terror , despair and anger in people 's faces .
Listen to the music .
Note the countdown at the end ( 10 , 9 , 8 , etc. ) and the explosion that caps it all off .
Oh , and look - the only nationally known people pictured are Joe Biden , Rahm Emanuel and Barack Obama .
Why do the tournament gamers show up in person , when the cafe ’s almighty LAN connection ( Web2Zone is the largest LAN center on the East Coast ) exists entirely so that people do n’t have to be face to face to compete ?
Andrew Ko , who has been a manager at Web2Zone for two years , half - laughed when I asked .
“ You have to defend your reputation , ” he said .
Which also means , I guess , descending from the game ’s wonderfully Norsey universe of Azeroth to greet your earthling mates .
Web2Zone seems to have nice crowd ; the manager tells me they only occasionally tell loud gamers to cool it .
Customers regularly tell surveys they do n’t need any more privacy than is offered by the workbench layout ; they do n’t seem to crave the cubicles and capsule rooms with bucket seats that are the pride of such spaces in Japan and Korea .
“ Half of the people who come here do n’t have computers , or they have bad connections , ” Ko told me .
“ The other half , they just like being in a public place .
They like having the cafe within reach .
Our regulars know each other . ”
Participants in social networks and any kind of massive - multiplayer - online existence often feel suspended between total isolation at their screens and howling online crowds .
The next incarnation of the cybercafe should take into account that people will pay not only for coffee and online minutes but also for the reassurance that in their cyberjourneys they might find traveling companions whose faces — in line for a Red Bull or a margarita ? — they might even see .
Finding a way out of isolation and into productive fantasy and social connection , without being eaten up by virtual swarms , may be the video game we ’re all playing .
Post a Comment at The Medium
__________
Points of Entry
THIS WEEK’S RECOMMENDATIONS
WOWEE : On Nov. 13 , Blizzard Entertainment will release World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King .
Check it out at worldofwarcraft.com .
“ Such a game is not merely consumed , or even played , ” wrote Seth Schiesel of the massive multiplayer game in The Times .
“ It is inhabited . ”
Are you ready to move in ?
Schiesel also recommends a new non-Blizzard game : Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning .
Warhammer evidently improves on the WoW formula with an interesting “ public quest ” framework that brings far - flung players together to accomplish shared goals .
ZONED OUT : Take stock of how gaming and Internet use has evolved since the first Web2Zone , opened in the U.S. in 2001 , by checking one out ( at 54 Cooper Square , with more branches said to be opening someday ) and at Web2zone.com .
The Counter - Strike 1.6 tournament is this weekend !
WORLD OF WEBCRAFT : Many of the visitors to Web2Zone are tourists , looking for a home away from home where they can print out plane tickets or send e-mail .
Traveling ?
Fodors.com can find you a wireless hotspot almost anywhere and offers tips about staying online around the world .
At 46 , Doreen Giuliano reinvented herself .
She dyed her hair blond and tanned at a salon .
She left her white seven - bedroom , colonial - style house for a spare basement apartment three miles away .
She took on a new name , and for about a year , she said , she rode her bicycle around her new neighborhood , trying to attract the gaze of a young man whom she badly wanted to get close to .
This was no midlife crisis , though .
It was a one - woman sting operation .
Ms. Giuliano is the mother of John Giuca , a Brooklyn man who was convicted three years ago along with another man in the 2003 killing of Mark Fisher , a college student from New Jersey who was found beaten and shot five times after a night out in New York City .
Ms. Giuliano claims her son is innocent and has mounted an unstinting campaign to free him from prison , where he is serving 25 years to life .
She maintains a Web site to rally supporters of her son , and Mr. Giuca ’s lawyers have filed an appeal alleging prosecutorial misconduct .
But in the last two years , Ms. Giuliano ’s activism reached dramatic new heights .
Having assumed the role of a 30 - year - old research analyst from California who wore six - inch heels and push - up bras , she set out to meet a man named Jason Allo , a contractor who lived in Bensonhurst , Brooklyn .
He was a juror in her son ’s trial .
It is unclear why Ms. Giuliano took aim at Mr. Allo , though she said in an interview that she followed two other jurors before him .
She rented an apartment near Mr. Allo ’s house and said she followed him for months .
After they finally met one day in October 2007  she almost ran down Mr. Allo and a friend on her bicycle 
Mr. Allo handed the newcomer his phone number .
He did not recognize her , though she had been a constant presence at her son ’s trial .
Australia now is well set to cement a place in South Africa 2010 with three wins from three outings , but it can thank the fates it is in this position following this game .
Socceroo boss Pim Verbeek admitted that his team had not played well and were very lucky .
" We did n't deserve one point , never mind three , " he reflected after the game .
The goal came from a hopeful long clearance as the Australians sought to clear their lines again as they tried to hang on for a goalless draw .
Bahrain captain Mohammed Hussain did n't deal with it , Bresciano robbed him and then fired into the top of the net .
The underdogs from the Persian Gulf were missing several key players through suspension going into the match and Australia , having beaten Uzbekistan and Qatar in its first two matches , would have gone into this game as warm favourites .
But the formbook almost went out of the window as Bahrain threw everything at their highly credentialled opponents and dominated the game from the first whistle .
Bahrain striker Jaycee John showed his willingness to chase down long hopeful passes right from the outset as Bahrain went on the offensive from the start with a fast paced opening that unsettled the Socceroos .
Within the first five minutes the Arab side had launched several direct attacks at a shaky looking Australian defence , with John , Bahrain 's only European based player , and Abdulla Baba Fatadi , like John a naturalised Nigerian who has become a key man for his adopted country , at the heart of their most threatening moves .
Australia lacked its usual authority as the strong , physical and athletic Bahrainis pressed them at every turn , giving the Socceroos little time to settle on the ball .
The Gulf team 's tactics might have lacked sophistication - they play a direct brand of football - but it certainly gave them the upper hand in the opening 45 minutes when they could have scored at least twice but for fine saves by Mark Schwarzer , the Australian number one .
The Fulham goalkeeper denied Fatadi early after the midfielder got past David Carney and Chris Coyne before getting a shot off from an angle , and then Schwarzer saved his team again after Fatadi won the ball after a defensive tangle inside the Australian half and played a pass through to John , who 's shot was blocked by the diving goalkeeper .
Australia failed to threaten , its lone striker Josh Kennedy getting little service and Tim Cahill seeing little of the ball in a crowded midfield area as the Bahrainis worked hard to close down space .
Aala Hubail tried a spectacular bicycle kick from a John cross and Australia continued to make life hard for themselves by playing loose balls and losing posession .
In the 28th minute Hubail and Fatadi linked up to create a chance for Mahmood Abdul Rahman , who shot past Chris Coyne .
A Kennedy header in the 32nd minute that flew well wide was about the best the Socceroos could muster in the opening half hour as the enthusiastic Bahrainis continued to dictate the tempo .
The hosts could have scored again after Salman Isa was played in down the left , outpaced Harry Kewell and fired in an angled drive that eluded Schwarzer but went past the post .
Kewell headed wide from a Carney cross but it was Bahrain , with their tough tackling and high workrate , that took the honours in the opening stanza and Australia could count itself lucky to go in on level terms .
Bahrain took up from where it left off in the second half , Isa going close just after the restart when he found space to take a shot from the left which went past the post .
Bahrain looked increasingly confident as they continued to win the ball with biting tackles in midfield and pass it around with more poise as they sought to switch play .
John and Fatadi linked up to set Mohammed Hubail up for a shot which was deflected for a corner , from which John powered a header wide .
Australia 's best chance came just before the hour mark when Kennedy won the ball in a scramble after a Bresciano cross to set up Carney but his shot blasted into the side netting .
Cahill then tried his luck with an optimistic shot from long range , which Abdul Rahman repeated at the other end .
The hardworking and tireless John was causing all sorts of problems with his bulk and pace and it took a Lucas Neill clearance to deny him after he was played through .
Australia was under siege at the back as the Bahrainis threw everything at them in a bid to break the deadlock , with the Socceroos happy to get the ball off anywhere to safety .
The Gulf side , which is known for its never say die attitude , kept working hard to create space down the flanks .
Aala Hubail and Isa combined to set up a terrific chance for John but the striker just could not connect as the ball flew past Schwarzer and the Australian defenders .
Abdulla Aldakeel shot just wide as the game entered its dying stages and then a tremendous run by Mohammed Hubail was just ended by a desperate tackle as the clock ticked into stoppage time .
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity , no matter how impressive their other talents .
Andrew Carnegie
If you want to excel in life , self motivation is essential .
You must know how to motivate yourself .
You must be able to keep your spirit high no matter how discouraging a situation is .
That ’s the only way to get the power you need to overcome difficulties .
Those who are discouraged in difficult times are certain to lose even before the battle is over .
The question is : how do you motivate yourself ?
Here are several tips I ’ve found to be effective to build self motivation :
1 . Have a cause
I ca n’t think of a more powerful source of motivation than a cause you care about .
Such cause can inspire you to give your best even in the face of difficulties .
It can make you do the seemingly impossible things .
While other causes could inspire you temporarily , a cause that matters to you can inspire you indefinitely .
It ’s a spring of motivation that will never dry .
Whenever you think that you run out of motivation , you can always come to your cause to get a fresh dose of motivation .
2 . Have a dream .
A big dream .
Only as high as I reach can I grow , only as far as I seek can I go , only as deep as I look can I see , only as much as I dream can I be .
Karen Ravn
Your cause is a powerful source of motivation but it ’s still abstract in nature .
You need to make it concrete in the form of a dream .
Imagine how the world will be in the future .
Imagine how people will live and work .
Having a dream is important because it ’s difficult to be motivated if you do n’t have anything to shoot for .
Just think about people who play basketball .
Will they be motivated to play if there is no basket to aim at ?
I do n’t think so .
They need a goal .
You need a goal .
That ’s what your dream is for .
But just having a dream is insufficient .
Your dream must be big enough to inspire you .
It must be realistic but challenging .
It must stretch your ability beyond your comfort zone .
3 . Be hungry
Wanting something is not enough .
You must hunger for it .
Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way .
Les Brown
To be truly motivated , you need to have hunger and not just desire .
Having mere desire wo n’t take you through difficult times since you do n’t want things badly enough .
In many cases , hunger makes the difference between the best performers and the mediocre ones .
How can you have hunger ?
Your cause and your dream play a big role here .
If you have a cause you care about and a big dream related to it , you should have the hunger inside of you .
If you think that you are losing hunger , all you need to do is to connect again to your cause and dream .
Let them inspire you and bring the hunger back .
4 . Run your own race
I do not try to dance better than anyone else .
I only try to dance better than myself .
Mikhail Baryshnikov
Comparing yourself with others is an effective way to demotivate yourself .
Even if you start with enthusiasm , you will soon lose your energy when you compare yourself with others .
Do n’t let that happen to you .
You have your own race so how other people perform is irrelevant .
Comparing yourself with others is like comparing the performance of a swimmer with a runner using the same time standard .
They are different so how can you compare one with the other ?
The only competitor you have is yourself .
The only one you need to beat is you .
Have you become the best you can be ?
5 . Take one more step
Success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts .
Winston Churchill
When you meet obstacles along the way , there could be the tendency to quit .
You may think that it ’s too difficult to move on .
You may think that your dream is impossible to achieve .
But this is where you can see the difference between winners and losers .
Though both of them face the same difficulties , there is one thing that makes the winners different : the courage to continue .
In difficult situations , just focus on taking one more step forward .
Do n’t think about how to complete the race .
Do n’t think about how many more obstacles are waiting for you .
Just focus on taking the next step .
6 . Let go of the past
Finish each day and be done with it .
You have done what you could .
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Believe it or not , one of the best demotivators is your past .
Your past can drag you down before you realize it .
Your past can give you a heavy burden on your shoulders .
The good news is it ’s a burden you do n’t have to carry .
Take it off your shoulder and leave it .
You might make mistakes in the past .
You might disappoint others with what you did .
But it ’s over .
It ’s already in the past and there ’s nothing you can do about it .
Today is a new day and you have the chance to start again .
No matter how bad your past might be , you still have a bright future ahead waiting for you .
Just do n’t let the burden of the past stop you .
***
Apply these tips and motivate yourself .
Do n’t settle for mediocrity .
Let your self motivation take you to excellence .
This article is part of October 2008 theme : Winning Attitude
Joshua says : " The images are all unique , based on the context .
They are printed on special adhesive vinyl and should last for 10 years at least .
It will be interesting to see the surroundings change around the boxes as time passes "
Credit : Joshua Callaghan / Misha de Ridder / Rex Features
McCain on Polls : ' I do n't agree ' with them David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday October 26 , 2008
Print This Email This Do most polls show McCain slipping farther behind Obama ?
Yes .
Does McCain believe them ?
Not so much .
Sen .
John McCain refused to answer questions from NBC's Tom Brokaw on " Meet the Press " Sunday morning about national polls that show the GOP candidate far behind his Democratic opponent on every major issue but the war in Iraq .
In one poll shown by Brokaw , Sen. Barack Obama has a 39 - point lead on the issue of health care .
But McCain said it would be a waste of his time to talk about polls with which he does n't agree .
" We have polls showing us three or four points behind , " McCain said .
" I 'm sure we do n't want to spend the morning arguing about polls that are accurate or inaccurate . "
The Republican candidate told Brokaw that he can " guarantee " victory come election night in what he claims will be a tight race that will keep Americans " up late . "
McCain referred to a Zogby poll that places Obama in a less commanding , 5 - point lead and said Americans " just figured out " that Obama 's platform is n't what they want .
" He wants to spread the wealth around and every time there 's a poll , there 's a different tax plan , " McCain said .
" He wants to raise taxes , in a time of economic difficulties .
The last time a president of the United States did that was a guy name Herbert Hoover . "
But a pollster explained why he thinks polls that continue to show a close presidential should be treated with skepticism in an article on Salon.com .
" Leave it to the Republicans to doubt the polls , to pin their hopes on the possibility that all these different survey firms have got it wrong , " wrote pollster Paul Maslin .
" From my perspective , barring some unforeseen circumstance in the next 11 days , all that remains to be seen is the margin of victory , and whether , as these polls seem to be hinting , we 're headed for a landslide . "
This video is from NBC's Meet the Press , broadcast October 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Forced circumcisions , abuse and death of boys at initiation camp send shock waves
Nearly 100 boys at an initiation school in South Africa have been taken to the hospital after three teenagers , allegedly kidnapped a month ago , had been admitted following botched circumcisions .
Writing a Thank You Note By Ali Hale
Sending a thank you note is always a lovely gesture – and often an expected one .
I ’m sure that when you were a child , your parents encouraged ( or forced ) you to write thank you notes for birthday and Christmas presents .
As an adult , you should still make a point of writing a thank you note to express gratitude in a number of situations .
These come in both personal and business contexts :
Personal
It ’s appropriate to send a thank you note :
When you receive a gift ( especially important for wedding gifts ) .
When you ’ve been a houseguest in someone ’s home ( this is sometimes called a “ bread - and - butter letter ” ) .
When someone has done a particular favor for you .
Business
It ’s appropriate to send a thank you note :
After attending a job interview .
After receiving a promotion or payrise .
After a business lunch , dinner or party .
When an acquaintance has given you their time and advice .
When a manager or professor has supplied you with a reference letter .
To co-workers who ’ve given you a gift ( this last one may fall into the “ personal ” category , depending on how well you know your colleagues ) .
Obviously , the types of thank you notes you write in a personal context ( to your grandma , for instance ) will differ considerably from the types you write in a business context ( to an interviewer whom you barely know ) .
I ’ll cover the “ personal ” and “ business ” notes separately , outlining the general structure and giving you some examples .
Writing a Personal Thank You Note
If merely expressing your gratitude does n’t seem like a good enough reason to write a thank you note , you might like to read these words of advice from Leslie Harpold .
I will also grudgingly tell you the hidden secret of thank you notes :
They improve the frequency and quality of the gifts you receive .
People like being appreciated , and if they feel you actually notice the nice things they do for you , they ’re more likely to give an encore performance .
– How to Write a Thank you Note
Ideally , your letter should be on paper rather than emailed .
If you are emailing , you must send individual thank you notes rather than mass - emailing everyone who gave you a gift .
In most cases for a personal note , it ’s not appropriate to set it out as a formal business letter .
Instead , use good - quality notepaper or a nice greetings card .
Structuring a Personal Thank You Note
You should put your address at the top ( or , if you know the recipient will already have your address , simply put the name of your town and state ) .
Add the date .
Address the recipient as “ Dear [ [ name ] ] ” , then open the letter by thanking them for the gift , hospitality or kindness offered .
Your second sentence or paragraph should give some indication of your enjoyment or use of the gift .
Some people like to go on to share a little news , especially if they have been out of touch with the recipient for a while .
Some etiquette experts , though , suggest that the thank you note should purely be about the recipient ’s kindness , not about your own life .
I believe that in a personal context , it ’s fine to share your news .
A good closing sentence or paragraph is one which looks forward to seeing or speaking to the recipient – especially if a reunion or holiday is coming up .
Mentioning “ thank you ” again is a good idea , to emphasise the point of the letter .
You should not end with “ yours sincerely ” but with a less formal phrase ; “ love ” or “ love from ” is often appropriate for relatives , or “ best wishes ” , “ warmest wishes ” or even “ thanks again ” .
Example of a Personal Thank You Note
Here ’s an example , from the Etiquette Grrls ’ book More Things You Need to Be Told ( p56 ) :
September 1 , 2005 Dear Katherine ,
Thank you so much for the wonderful book about nineteenth - century architecture of Long Island that you sent me .
Not only was it the perfect present ( I have n’t been able to put it down ! ) but it will certainly come in handy for my studies .
You always pick the perfect thing !
Again , thanks so much , and I ’ll talk to you soon .
Love ,
Bitsy
As you can see , a thank you note need n’t be long to be friendly , polite and effective .
Writing a Business Thank you Note
Thank you notes are mandatory and expected in some situations .
A recent survey by CareerBuilder.com found that : Nearly 15 percent of hiring managers would reject a job candidate who neglected to send a thank you letter after the interview
32 percent said they would still consider the thankless prospect but that their opinion of him or her would diminish – advice from Write Express
As you can see , after a job interview , a thank you note may be a must .
( This will depend on your career area and the business etiquette in your country . )
And in any business situation , it never hurts to send a polite letter , whether or not you think it ’s absolutely required .
A business thank you letter is somewhat different to the sort you send to your Grandma in gratitude for your Christmas slippers .
Your business letter should :
Be typed , ideally on letter - headed paper .
( Handwritten or emailed letters are okay if you know the recipient will prefer this . )
Be sent promptly ( within 24 hours of an interview , for instance ) .
Be friendly but also professional .
It would be very inappropriate to end a business thank you with “ love from ” .
Structuring a Business Thank You Note
As with the personal thank you note , there ’s an easy formula to follow .
Set your letter out as a proper business letter , using letter headed paper and including your address , the recipient ’s address , and the date .
( You can find instructions on US business letter format and UK business letter format here on Daily Writing Tips . )
Address the recipient as “ Dear [ name ] , ” erring on the side of caution regarding formality .
( “ Mr Jones ” or “ Dr Smith ” rather than “ Bob ” ) .
Start by thanking them for the interview , pay rise , promotion , event , or other occasion that you ’re writing about .
Go on to mention something specific about how it has helped you , or how you enjoyed the event .
Be sincere , and make it clear how much you appreciate their time and effort .
You may want to mention the next occasion on which you hope to see them – though try not to be presumptuous .
If you ’re writing a thank you note for an initial interview , do n’t act as though you ’ve already been given the job !
End with “ Yours sincerely ” when writing to someone you do n’t know well ( an interviewer or acquaintance from another company ) .
If you ’re writing to your boss or manager , “ Best wishes ” or “ Many thanks ” might be an appropriate way to close your letter .
Example of a Business Thank You Note
There are some good examples at Business Thank You Note Samples , including this one :
Dear [ City officials names ] ,
We ’d like to express our gratitude for the school administrators ’ luncheon last week .
The luncheon itself was very well done and enjoyed by all , but of course it ’s the sentiment behind the gathering that means the most .
The city ’s renewed united commitment is a boost to the administration ’s morale and a vote of confidence in the school ’s future .
For that , we thank you .
Best wishes ,
As with a personal note , a business thank you letter need n’t be long .
Indeed , since the recipient is likely to be busy , you should try to be concise and stick to the point .
And make sure you double and triple proofread your letter – especially if it ’s one you ’ve sent after an interview , in the hopes of being hired .
Early impressions really do count for a lot .
Want to improve your English in five minutes a day ?
Get a subscription and start receiving our writing tips and exercises daily !
Keep learning !
Browse the Business Writing category , check our popular posts , or choose a related post below :
“ So we could get lucky and see that it really works in our favor , ” she added .
Grand Central is enjoying strong sales of titles by the novelists Nelson DeMille and Nicholas Sparks , as well as of “ Dewey : The Small - Town Library Cat Who Touched the World , ” but it also is waiting to see how Ted Turner ’s “ Call Me Ted , ” for which it spent more than $ 5 million , will sell .
Ms. Raab said the company had printed 625,000 copies and had shipped more than 500,000 .
With several publishers reporting that booksellers were cutting orders for January , Ms. Raab acknowledged that she was concerned about a post - New Year ’s downturn .
“ You know to a certain extent people will be in the stores during the holidays , ” she said .
“ What will happen once there is no reason to be in the stores ? ”
Booksellers are trying new tactics to help ring up sales .
At Book Passage , an independent bookseller in San Francisco and Corte Madera , Calif. , Elaine Petrocelli , an owner , said she recently instituted a policy giving priority seating at book readings to those who purchase the book .
Last month she sold 160 copies at a reading by Katherine Neville , author of “ The Fire , ” a thriller about a chess prodigy .
Still , Ms. Petrocelli said she had noticed an overall decline in foot traffic at her two stores compared with this time last year .
As a result , she said , she has decided not to hire holiday - season help .
Usually she hires three or four people part time .
Not surprisingly , publishers , too , are looking for ways to cut costs .
Print runs are being scrutinized , and companies are trying to reduce the number of unsold copies that are returned by booksellers , a painful practice in the best of times .
Some publishers are also looking at their ( famously generous ) travel and entertainment budgets .
Steve Ross , publisher of Collins , a division of HarperCollins , said he recently took a job candidate for a drink at a Midtown hotel and was shocked by the $ 22 price for cocktails .
“ I think it will be awhile before I will have the pleasure of meeting anybody there , ” Mr. Ross said .
For now , both publishers and agents said the penny pinching was not yet sinking seven - figure book deals .
Although some might be cautious about signing a debut novelist , most publishers said they were still aggressively pursuing deals for celebrity books and others with natural best - seller prospects .
Last month Little , Brown & Company signed a deal with the comedian Tina Fey for a sum reported as more than $ 5 million , and Jerry Seinfeld was out with a book proposal this week that some publishers suggested could go for a high seven - figure advance .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese Internet users have expressed fury at Microsoft ’s launch of an anti-piracy tool targeting Chinese computer users to ensure they buy genuine software .
The “ Windows Genuine Advantage ” program , which turns the user ’s screen black if the installed software fails a validation test , is Microsoft ’s latest weapon in its war on piracy in China , where the vast majority of 200 million computer users are believed to be using counterfeit software , unwittingly or not .
“ Why is Microsoft automatically connected with my computer ?
The computer is mine ! ” one angry blogger wrote on popular Chinese web portal Sina.com .
“ Microsoft has no right to control my hardware without my agreement . ”
Another blogger railed over the cost of authorized versions .
“ If the price of genuine software was lower than the fake one , who would buy the fake one ? ” he wrote .
A visitor to a Beijing internet cafe said Microsoft was violating people ’s rights .
“ If , when I ’m programing , the computer screen goes black , that will probably cause some important information to be lost , ” he said .
“ Who will pay me for my loss then ? ”
Dong Zhengwei , 35 , a Beijing lawyer , described Microsoft as the “ biggest hacker in China with its intrusion into users ’ computer systems without their agreement or any judicial authority , ” the China Daily said .
“ Microsoft ’s measure will cause serious functional damage to users ’ computers and , according to China ’s criminal law , the company can stand accused of breaching and hacking into computer systems , ” he was quoted as saying .
“ I respect the right of Microsoft to protect its intellectual property , but it is taking on the wrong target with wrong measures .
They should target producers and sellers of fake software , not users . ”
The software giant defended the program on its website as part of its “ commitment to help protect its intellectual property and to help you avoid problems before they happen . ”
“ The purpose ... is to help our customers to determine ( if ) genuine software is installed on their computers , ” Microsoft told Reuters .
Text size
Polysilicon prices are falling rapidly , thanks in no small measure to a serious slowdown in the chip sector .
And that 's good news indeed for solar companies .
Dan Ries , an analyst with Collins Stewart , reports today that polysilicon prices have declined about 20 % - 30 % over the past three weeks .
In a research note , he says that prices for high purity polysilicon are down about $ 100 / kg to about $ 300 / kg .
Ries notes that he has been expecting a drop in poly pricing by mid-2009 , but that it is hitting sooner than expected due to the slowdown in the semiconductor business , the other major consumer of poly supply .
Ries thinks the semi industry will use 20 % - 30 % less poly in Q4 than in Q3 , freeing up more supply for the solar industry .
Researchers at Harvard University have discovered that our experience of pain depends on whether we think someone caused the pain intentionally .
In their study , participants who believed they were getting an electrical shock from another person on purpose , rather than accidentally , rated the very same shock as more painful .
Participants seemed to get used to shocks that were delivered unintentionally , but those given on purpose had a fresh sting every time .
The research , published in the current issue of Psychological Science , was led by Kurt Gray , a graduate student in psychology , along with Daniel Wegner , professor of psychology .
It has long been known that our own mental states can alter the experience of pain , but these findings suggest that our perceptions of the mental states of others can also influence how we feel pain .
" This study shows that even if two harmful events are physically identical , the one delivered with the intention to hurt actually hurts more , " says Gray .
" Compare a slap from a friend as she tries to save us from a mosquito versus the same slap from a jilted lover .
The first we shrug off instantly , while the second stings our cheek for the rest of the night . "
The study 's authors suggest that intended and unintended harm cause different amounts of pain because they differ in meaning .
" From decoding language to understanding gestures , the mind distills meaning from our social environment , " says Gray .
" An intended harm has a very different meaning than an accidental harm . "
The study included 48 participants who were paired up with a partner who could administer to them either an audible tone or an electric shock .
In the intentional condition , participants were shocked when their partner chose the shock option .
In the unintentional condition , participants were shocked when their partner chose the tone option .
Thus , in this condition , they only received a shock when their partner did not intend them to receive one .
The computer display ensured that participants both knew their partner 's choice and that a shock would be coming , to ensure the shock was not more surprising in the unintentional condition .
advertisement
Despite identical shock voltage between conditions , those in the intentional condition rated the shocks as significantly more painful .
Furthermore , those in the unintentional condition habituated to the pain , rating them as decreasingly painful , while those in the intentional condition continued to feel the full sting of pain .
Gray suggests that it may be evolutionarily adaptive for this difference in meaning to be represented as different amounts of pain .
" The more something hurts , the more likely we are to take notice and stop whatever is hurting us , " he says .
" If it 's an accidental harm , chances are it's a one - time thing , and there 's no need to do anything about it .
If it 's an intentional harm , however , it may be the first of many , so it 's good to take notice and do something about it .
It makes sense that our bodies and brains might amplify our experience of pain when we know that the pain could signal threats to our survival . "
These findings speak to how people experience pain and negative life events .
If negative events are seen as intended , they may hurt more .
This helps to explain why torture is so excruciating – not only are torture techniques themselves exceptionally painful , but it 's the thought that counts — and makes torture hurt more than mere pain .
On the other hand , if negative events are seen as unintended , they may hurt less .
This may explain , in part , why people in abusive relationships sometimes continue to stay in them .
By rationalizing that an abusive partner did not intend harm , some victims may reduce their experience of pain , which could make them less likely to leave the relationship and escape the abuse .
The research was supported by the National Institute of Mental Health , the Canadian Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council and the Institute for Humane Studies .
Thousands of Japanese workers have already been laid off
The Japanese cabinet has approved another $ 54bn ( £ 36 bn ) package of spending , to try to ease the recession .
It is the second extra budget approved by MPs and is designed to help finance tax cuts for homeowners , loans to small businesses and aid laid - off workers .
Last week , the government increased its economic stimulus plan by $ 255 bn ( £ 171bn ) .
The Bank of Japan cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.1 % , on Friday in a bid to kick - start the economy .
The BOJ also announced that it would increase its purchase of Japanese government bonds to 1.4 trillion yen ( $ 15.7bn ; £ 10.5 bn ) a month , up from 1.2 trillion yen .
The government has forecast zero growth in the year ending March 2010 .
Japan , the world 's second largest largest economy , is already the most indebted country in the developed world .
Popularity falling
In all , the Japanese government will need to raise about $ 114bn to fulfil its spending plans .
The finance plans set out by Prime Minister Taro Aso mean Japan will have to do more borrowing .
The BBC's Duncan Bartlett in Tokyo says some politicians within Mr Aso 's own party have balked at the sums involved and his personal popularity rating with voters has fallen sharply .
After 2001 , Japan enjoyed its longest period of economic growth since World War II until the sub - prime crisis started a year ago .
The global downturn has led to global demand falling significantly , while a rising yen has also hit exporters .
Japan 's economy slipped into its first recession in seven years after two quarters of negative growth in a row .
The recount could see Mr Coleman ( left ) losing to Mr Franken
A manual recount has begun in Minnesota 's knife - edge US Senate election between incumbent Republican Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken .
At the end of the first count , Mr Coleman led Mr Franken by 215 votes , or 0.008 % of the total vote .
Under Minnesota law , a manual recount is automatically triggered if the winner 's margin of victory is less than 0.5 % of the vote .
Officials have until 5 December to recount some 2.9 million votes .
When ballots are counted by hand , candidates can often pick up votes , because human counters register votes that counting machines ignore .
Meanwhile , in Missouri , officials finally finished counting the state 's presidential election votes , and declared John McCain the winner of the state 's 11 electoral college votes .
With all states now reporting , the final results of the presidential election are now known : Barack Obama won 365 electoral college votes to John McCain 's 173 .
Automatic run-off
Apart from Minnesota , one other Senate election result remains outstanding .
REMAINING SENATE RACES Minnesota : Manual recount ongoing Georgia : Run-off scheduled for 2 December
In Georgia , because no candidate won more than 50 % of the vote , a run-off between the top two candidates was automatically triggered .
Incumbent Republican Saxby Chambliss faces Democratic challenger Jim Martin in the 2 December vote .
A recent opinion poll from Research 2000 gave Mr Chambliss a three - point lead , with 49 % to Mr Martin 's 46 % .
If Mr Franken overturns Mr Coleman 's lead in Minnesota , and if Mr Martin is victorious in Georgia , then the Democrats will have 60 seats in the Senate , which could help them to frustrate attempts by Republicans to block legislation .
Sixty votes are needed to overturn a " filibuster " - tactic used by the Senate minority to prevent legislation from coming to a vote .
Do n’t let the flag hit you two on the way out .
Two of the nastiest Republicans in the House , now in serious trouble .
Hu-freaking - rray .
Here ’s the latest on Bachmann , and here ’s Musgrave .
A lot of folks have already raised nearly a million for Bachmann ’s opponent , after she accused the entire United States Congress of being un-American and called for a witchhunt , so we ’re focusing our energies on Musgrave ’s opponent , Betsy Markey .
Markey is halfway towards our goal of raising her $ 15,000 – you can give to her via this link .
And she ’s running against crazy Marilyn Musgrave , the woman who introduced the anti-gay Federal Marriage Amendment ( the one that ads a gay marriage ban to the US Constitution ) in the House .
Musgrave is the religious right ’s number one puppet in the House .
Musgrave thinks that banning gays in the US Constitution is the number one issue America faces today .
Uh huh .
I do n’t recall my relationships having a role in Iraq or the crash of the stock market .
Here ’s what Musgrave told the Family Research Council ’s “ Values Voters Summit ” ( you can watch the video via that link too ) :
when I was in the last weeks of my last campaign , you know what I was thinking ?
Where ’s our side ?
What are they doing ?
And I believe that when you ’re in a cultural war like this , you have to respond with equal and hopefully greater force if you want to win this battle .
But this battle is the most important issue that we face today , and what an honor it has been to serve in the United States Congress and carry the Marriage Amendment .
Your donation is quite literally a slap at James Dobson , Jerry Falwell ( it ’s never too late ) , Pat Robertson , and all of Marilyn Musgrave ’s other creepy friends .
Click the donation box and give to Betsy , please , and let ’s finish Musgrave off once and for all .
SAN FRANCISCO 
A week before Election Day , Christopher Burnett ’s floral shop filled an order for one of the many same - sex weddings he has worked in the last five months : eight corsages , a dozen boutonnieres and two bouquets for the two brides , each with three dozen roses .
Now , Mr. Burnett said , since Tuesday ’s voter approval of Proposition 8 , which amended the state ’s Constitution to recognize only marriages between men and women , that type of business is gone .
“ I have done a gay wedding every week , ” he said .
“ And so it ’s very disheartening , because other business is very slow . ”
Even as opponents of the measure officially conceded defeat on Thursday , California business owners  particularly those in the marriage business  were trying to determine how many wedding cakes would now go unsold and how many tuxedos unrented .
Japanese Woman Arrested for Virtual Murder
A Maple Story wedding screen shot
A Japanese woman has been arrested for virtual murder after killing her avatar husband in the popular online game Maple Story .
The 43 - year - old woman was upset that her virtual husband was divorcing her .
" I was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning .
That made me so angry , " she told investigators while admitting the allegations .
The woman used her pseudo - husband 's login information she had aquired while the couple were happily married to access his account and kill his avatar .
The 33 - year - old office worker contacted police when he discovered his avatar was dead .
The woman was arrested on suspicion of illegally accessing a computer and manipulating electronic data ( hacking ) on Wednesday and taken across the country where her virtual ex-husband resides .
If convicted , she faces up to five years in prison or up to a $ 5000 fine .
According to officials the woman had no plans of revenge in the real world .
With commercial airline traffic expected to top one billion passengers annually by 2016 ( compared with the 769 million who flew in 2007 ) , there are more aircraft than ever taxiing , taking off and landing on airport runways .
All of this airfield congestion requires technology that can monitor what is happening at the dizzying pace it is occurring , and radar , a World War II–era invention , is not up to the task .
Recognizing this , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) last week announced it will pay Morristown , N.J. –based manufacturer Honeywell International , Inc. , and Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems ( ACSS ) in Phoenix $ 9 million to test and install satellite - based ADS–B ( automated dependent surveillance–broadcast ) systems to help improve runway safety .
ADS–B — first conceived in the early 1990s by the FAA and a variety of government agencies and businesses that build and / or rely heavily on airplanes , including NASA and delivery giant United Parcel Service ( UPS ) — relies on the proactive communication between global positioning system ( GPS ) satellites and transponders placed on board aircraft to inform pilots , other aircraft and air traffic controllers about an aircraft 's location , identity , speed and altitude .
Whereas ADS–B is continuously collecting and transmitting information , radar emits electromagnetic waves at regular intervals — every 12 seconds or so — and measures the time it takes for their reflection to return to determine the proximity of objects to an aircraft .
" ( ADS–B is ) more active , rather than passive , " says Terry von Thaden , assistant professor of human factors in the Institute of Aviation at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign .
" Radar 's considered passive .
ADS–B does n't have to wait for the radar to sweep and sort of mosey along . "
Although ADS–B — designed to be a replacement for radar — can be used in to coordinate aircraft position in flight , the Honeywell and ACSS contracts are designed specifically to improve runway safety .
Honeywell will test the technology in two of its planes as well as install ADS–B systems in JetBlue Airways and Alaska Airlines aircraft for pilots from those companies to evaluate .
Honeywell will work at Seattle–Tacoma International and Snohomish County Paine Field airports .
ACSS will work at Philadelphia International Airport with US Airways to develop standards , flight demonstrations and prototypes of the technology , equipping 20 Airbus A330 aircraft with ADS–B systems .
With radar , pilots rely on air traffic controllers and a see - and - avoid strategy that literally entails looking out the window to avoid wandering in the way of — or colliding with — other aircraft on the runways .
With ADS–B , pilots have a cockpit display , which looks like a full - color , topographical map on a computer screen , showing where they are , where everyone else is , and the ever - changing weather around them .
" It 's giving the pilot an extra set of eyes , " says von Thaden , who is also a licensed pilot .
ADS–B 's ability to update in real - time is especially important on runways , with so many planes in such close proximity .
" Things happen a lot faster on the surface , " says Vincent Capezzuto , the FAA program manager for ADS–B .
" There are aircraft speeding up to take off .
There are aircraft that are landing and going really fast and decelerating and taking sharp turns onto these high - speed taxiways to get off the runway . "
After years of research and development , and tests by general aviation pilots in Alaska and air transport carriers in the Ohio River Valley , the FAA in 2005 declared ADS–B to be a safe radar alternative and pegged the technology as a crucial component of the agency 's plans to by 2020 upgrade the national airspace system — a program known as Next - Generation Air Transportation System .
NextGen is the far - ranging plan the FAA developed in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and others .
The technology tested well in Alaska , where the harsh landscape makes it difficult to implement a radar infrastructure ( including towers and other equipment ) .
" Ninety percent of Alaska has no radar coverage , " says Wilfred Ryan , president of the Alaska Air Carriers Association , which promotes Alaska 's commercial airline interests .
" ADS–B brings a radarlike environment to places where radar is too expensive to install . "
Alaska had the nation 's worst airline accident rate in 1991 , Ryan notes .
Because of this accident rate , the FAA selected Alaska 's commercial airlines to participate in the Capstone Program , a 1999 to 2006 joint venture between industry and the FAA that provided Alaskan aircraft with ADS–B systems for free .
During Capstone , accidents decreased by 47 percent .
ADS–B is also expected to increase airline efficiency and help the environment .
In weekly experimental flights , UPS , which helped develop ADS–B , has already seen the benefits .
At its Worldport hub in Louisville , Ky. , the company handles more than 100 flights — most during a four - hour window from 11 P.M. to 3 A.M. With ADS–B , spokesman Mike Mangeot says , UPS could increase that traffic , and therefore the number of packages it delivers , by as much as 15 percent .
Additionally , by enabling more tightly spaced landings , and less time in holding patterns , ADS–B saves 40 to 70 gallons ( 150 to 265 liters ) of fuel per landing .
Mangeot estimates that the Continuous Descent Approach enabled by ADS–B , during which aircraft glide in with their engines at idle thrust , cut nitrous oxide emissions ( a greenhouse gas ) by about 34 percent as well as noise pollution by some 30 percent .
Perhaps the biggest sticking point for ADS–B , like any new technology , is its cost .
According to FAA spokesman Paul Takemoto , the agency estimates that the NextGen infrastructure will cost from $ 15 billion to $ 22 billion to construct — it is unclear exactly how much of this price tag includes the cost to equip aircraft with ADS–B .
The FAA wants to make a standardized version of ADS–B that can be brought to market by a number of different manufacturers , a move that Capezzuto says will drive the cost down for aircraft manufacturers .
He adds , " The idea is to make it available as fast as we can . ”
At a time of economic decline and record - high gas prices , there is something refreshing in an oilman turning into one of the nation ’s leading advocates of renewable energy .
This could explain why T. Boone Pickens ’ multibillion - dollar efforts to reduce America ’s oil dependence and develop clean energy have garnered so muchpublic attention .
Pickens is right to suggest that America ’s oil dependence is a source of economic ruin and that Congress must act to stop the biggest transfer of wealth in human history .
But Pickens stands to benefit from his own campaign -- and his proposal could do more damage than good to U.S. energy security .
Pickens ’ proposal involves a California ballot initiative to provide $ 5 billion in subsidies for developing clean - energy fuels on top of a $ 58 - million public relations campaign to reduce America ’s oil dependence through wind power .
Not coincidentally , the Texas oilman is heavily invested in natural gas and wind power .
The Pickens plan promises to dramatically reduce oil use by shifting the transportation sector from gasoline - powered cars and trucks to natural - gas - powered vehicles .
This would allegedly reduce oil imports by more than 30 % and would supposedly save the U.S. economy $ 300 billion that otherwise would end up in the coffers of oil - rich foreign countries .
According to the plan , wind energy would substitute for natural gas , now generating 20 % of the nation ’s electricity , freeing natural gas to power a third of the vehicles in the U.S .
There is nothing wrong with wind power .
On the contrary , it is one of the cheapest ways to generate renewable power .
But since only 2 % of U.S. electricity is generated from oil , wind power ( as well as nuclear power , solar energy and other renewable power sources often touted by politicians and pundits ) would do nothing to reduce U.S. oil dependence unless we start using electricity to power our vehicles .
Pickens ’ assertion that increased use of wind power would displace natural gas is based on wishful thinking .
Our energy system is not a Lego game -- one piece ca n’t replace another at whim .
Even if 78 other billionaires were willing to follow Pickens ’ footsteps and build a 4,000 - megawatt wind farm -- that ’s the number needed to displace the current electricity production from natural gas -- there ’s no way to guarantee that natural gas would be the only energy source that would be displaced by all those turbines .
Why not coal , or solar ?
Furthermore , implementation of the Pickens plan might actually tie more natural gas to the power sector .
Wind is an intermittent source of power -- the wind does n’t blow 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- and until and unless our electricity grid has sufficient power storage capacity , utilities counting on wind need to have backup power plants that can be powered up to fill in the gaps when the wind does not blow .
This back - up power is today generally provided with natural gas .
Pickens also claims that a shift from oil to natural gas would strengthen U.S. national security .
But contrary to Pickens ’ proclamations , in relation to its need , the U.S. is not rich in natural gas .
Just as with oil , the U.S. consumes 23 % of the world ’s natural gas but it only has 3 % of the world ’s reserves .
Its reserve - to - production ratio is less than 10 years .
At last month ’s Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing ( in which both Pickens and I testified ) , he invoked a recent Deutsche Bank study , “ From Shale to Shining Shale , ” which claims that there are massive reserves of gas shale in the U.S.
Just like oil shale , such unconventional energy sources hold great promise .
But their recovery costs are still high , and their existence has not been able to suppress the rising price of either oil or natural gas .
A shift to natural gas could even weaken U.S. national security : More than 60 % of the world ’s reserves are concentrated in five countries -- Russia , Iran , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates -- countries that are already engaged in discussions on the establishment of an OPEC - like natural - gas cartel .
Shifting from dependence on one authoritarian regime ’s energy source to another ’s is like jumping from the frying pan to the fire .
It ’s also the best gift the U.S. can give Iran at a time when it should be working to weaken Tehran economically .
At a time of great public anxiety about our energy future , Congress should focus on policies that would grant Americans true energy independence , rather than replace one dependence with another .
Instead , Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate have preferred to follow up on Pickens ’ plan with bills to increase the use of natural gas as a transportation fuel .
Such initiatives would certainly be a boon for Pickens , but not for America .
Gal Luft is executive director of the Institute for the Analysis of Global Security , a Washington - based energy policy think tank .
Instead , Hutley said Microsoft would focus on shutting down resellers who deceive people by selling pirated versions of Windows and Office that look and feel like the genuine article .
" Are we able to solve absolutely every problem ?
No ... there are some people who will always not want to pay for something and there are always people who will want to exploit , " she said .
The Business Software Alliance , which represents software makers around the world , said a recent global piracy study by analyst firm IDC found 28 per cent of software in use in Australia was pirated .
Microsoft has traditionally targeted bricks - and - mortar sellers of pirated software but it is now turning its focus to the internet .
Staff at the company now regularly log on to eBay and make " trap purchases " of Microsoft Windows and Office products before analysing them to determine if they 're genuine .
As part of that strategy - which began in July - Microsoft this month commenced legal action in the Federal Magistrates Court against three eBay sellers who pedalled pirated versions of Windows XP and Office 2003 .
" We are continuing to trawl [ eBay ] as we speak , we are looking at the power sellers ... and we will make trap purchases in order to secure the evidence , " Hutley said .
In the past , Microsoft has targeted computer sellers operating out of physical shop fronts who offer to load a bonus copy of Office or Windows free of charge to tempt people into making a purchase .
These are almost always counterfeit versions .
Hutley said the practice was now rare following several blitzes by Microsoft .
The company recently posed as a genuine customer and called up 400 Australian IT businesses and found only three of those offered to load pirated Microsoft software .
The company has now filed proceedings against two of those in the Federal Magistrates Court after reaching a confidential settlement with the third last week .
Earlier this year Microsoft filed suits against 21 other resellers .
Seven of them , all in NSW , have paid Microsoft damages .
Hutley conceded the anti-piracy campaign would probably be interpreted as Microsoft crying poor and do little to deter people determined not to pay full price for its software .
But she urged pirates to consider the implications on local IT resellers who lose potential revenue to piracy .
She claimed a 10 per cent reduction in piracy over the next four years would generate an additional 3929 Australian jobs in the IT channel .
Hutley added that users of non-genuine versions of Windows would not be able to receive certain updates from Microsoft such as drivers .
However , they would still receive critical updates such as security patches .
Some pirated copies were also infected with malware or simply did not work .
" We want to protect our intellectual property - we are not Mother Teresa here - [ but ] we are trying to also say that every time someone has a bad experience with a counterfeit copy of Microsoft [ software ] , that 's a hit to our reputation , " she said .
Ray Johnson , manager of special operations with the Australian Federal Police , said intellectual property was just as valuable as physical property .
" Although it 's a crime , fake goods seem to be widely acceptable , compared with stolen goods , " he said .
- video encodings still in process -
A very educational video .
Watch the other ones about gardening and driving your car while on salvia , while you 're at it .*** www.liveleak.com/view?i=8db_1226529428& ;c=1#comments "
It appears that the patent trolls Sisvel are attacking the OpenMoko project , and as part of their strategy the project has chosen to pull all of their downloads whilst they remove any support for MP2 and MP3 files .
The short story is that we are in a protracted battle with some patent trolls .
Google for Sisvel .
In order to get ourselves in a stronger position , we want to make sure no copies / instances / whatever of patent - infested technologies like MP2 and MP3 exist on our servers .
Our phones never shipped with end - user MP3 playback features , but we want to use this opportunity to make sure it ’s not even in some remote place somewhere .
As Sisvel are n’t the only ones to sue over MPEG related patents ( ( note that Microsoft won on appeal very recently , reversing the decision ) ) it really does bring the message home that MPEG is not a safe technology for audio files and that things like Ogg - Vorbis and FLAC are far better ( and safer ! ) choices in the long run .
Updated : 4/8/2003 for spelling , headers , and added links to “ Scenegraphs Today ” section
Updated : 9/13/2005 updated bio , added link to scenegraphs
Updated : 6/30/2007 moved to wordpress to allow comments — old URLs should forward here , but please update your links .
Updates : 6/16/2012 for new OpenSG features
Sections :
Scenegraphs : a brief history and evolution , Scenegraphs Today Scenegraphs Future
In the Beginning …
To help understand where scenegraphs came from , it ’s useful to take a quick look at the evolution of graphics languages like OpenGL and DirectX .
Early on , real - time graphics existed on special image generation ( IG ) hardware that contained entire visual databases in closed proprietary form .
Modellers created their databases and loaded them onto the hardware IG .
Programmers were generally limited to modifying elements of these databases , like the position and rotation of a helicopter or setting the time - of - day .
SGI introduced a more open and programmable option for image generation hardware and along with it , graphical languages that allowed more direct programmability of the image pipeline .
OpenGL ( from SGI ’s original “ GL ” ) consists of a stream of primitive drawing commands ( draw polygon , line , point , etc .. ) state settings ( set color , texture , etc.. ) and matrix manipulations ( push / pop to model - view or perspective matrix , etc .. ) .
But it contains very little information that allows the system to self - optimize and improve performance .
This was fine for drawing all sorts of scenes .
But polygons that are out of view do consume resources – the hardware does n’t even know they ’re out of view until very late in the rendering pipeline .
Unnecessary state changes , extra texture loads , and other common graphics procedures are best avoided if they do n’t contribute to the final image .
Culling
Culling is the process of removing everything from a scene that will not contribute to the final image , including things that are behind the observer , off - screen , or , in more advanced systems , hidden behind other objects ( i.e. , occluded ) .
Generalized frustum culling works by comparing each object ’s spatial boundaries with a viewing frustum – a truncated pyramid that represents the visible volume of space .
OpenGL does this implicitly when you send it polygons – by default , it transforms and clips all polygons to the edges of the viewing volume ( most hardware uses a combination of gross clipping and 2D scissoring , but that ’s a bit too detailed for this section of the article ) .
Rather than do the heavy work at the OpenGL and polygon level , scenegraph architects realized they could better perform culling at higher level abstractions for greater efficiency .
If we can remove the invisible objects first , then we make the hardware do less work and generally improve performance and the all - important frame - rate .
The way it works is fairly straightforward .
Any object that is entirely within the viewing frustum is sent on down to the hardware .
For objects that are part in / part out , we usually do n’t bother checking individual polygons on the CPU , but we might break a very complex object into several simpler ones so some of them may be culled in or out individually .
Of course , any object that is entirely outside the culling volume is rejected early on .
Hierarchy
To efficiently perform this calculation , it ’s beneficial to organize the objects into a hierarchy or tree , propagating any shared information towards the root of the tree .
There are many kinds of trees we could use .
But lets keep it to a simple one - parent N - child hierarchy — a directed acyclic graph or DAG .
Such a basic scenegraph will have a root node , with one or more children .
Each child node can in turn contain zero or more children , some of which will be the graphical objects we want to draw .
The other nodes are there for structural purposes and can get quite complex , as we ’ll see later on .
For example , if a building was composed of rooms , a group node of the scenegraph ( call it “ Building ” ) might contain several nodes ( called “ room - 0 ″ “ room - 1 ″ and so on ) .
The bounding box of the “ Building ” node would be defined such that it contains the bounding boxes of all of the rooms .
So if the building node was determined to be invisible , then there would be no need to check the child nodes since they would also be invisible .
Another benefit of hierarchy was in ease of manipulation .
Given a car containing doors and wheels , it was much easier to move the “ car ” node and have the child nodes ( doors and wheels ) follow automatically .
Without a hierarchy , one might probably have to move each of these sub - objects synchronously each time the car moved .
Of course , that could be solved with some clever back - pointers among dependent matrices , but that ’s exactly what scenegraphs are doing in a more formal fashion .
So for example , consider a tank .
It might have the following hierarchical representation :
By splitting the object into “ nodes ” and representing the connectivity between these nodes , we can better manipulate the final polygons of the tank .
We can animate pieces separately .
We can rotate the turret , fire the gun , and open the hatch .
We can animate the left and right tread to simulate turning .
Rendering Advantages — State Sorting
Scenegraphs showed clear benefits for improving rendering performance and making more optimal use of the available hardware resources .
By keeping a “ retained ” model of the virtual world , scenegraphs could make additional optimizations , such as parallel processing culling and drawing , and most importantly : state sorting .
State sorting is a concept whereby all of the objects being rendered are sorted by similarities in state ( texture map , lighting values , transparency , and so on ) .
Since changing state is often an expensive operation due to hardware implementations , this is usually a big performance win , even on the newest hardware .
A good example of this is turning lighting on and off — imagine a generic SIMD hardware architecture , executing the same code over four parallel geometry processors .
There may be one version of the code for “ lit ” objects and one version for “ unlit . ”
Changing from lit to unlit state can cause all four processors to flush and reload .
But if we can try to turn lighting on or off only once per frame instead of once per object , we can improve performance .
For an even stronger example , imagine we were drawing 100 cars , each containing some polygons in metal ( state 1 ) , rubber ( state 2 ) and glass ( state 3 ) , it might be beneficial to draw all of the metal objects first , then the rubber ones , and then the glass .
We can have 3 state changes , or we can have 300 .
And at least some state sorting is already required if we ’re depth sorting the windows for correct blending results .
However , early state sorting was hampered by the fact that if two objects had very different transformations ( for example two windshields on two cars in different locations ) , it was costly to sort these objects by state alone because changing the viewing matrices was also a fairly expensive operation .
Today , however , it is usually much cheaper to sort by state first , though exactly which state is the most expensive ( and therefore the most important sort key ) varies from platform to platform .
We might even want our engine to be able to vary how it state sorts depending on the hardware .
As we ’ll see later in the article , this is where scenegraphs can excel .
State Encapsulation
Early scenegraphs employed the concept of state encapsulation to facilitate state sorting .
This meant each object in the scenegraph would point to a separate state structure–a set of material colors , texture , lighting , transparency , and so on .
The scenegraph could then compare these state objects for similarities or just sort by the pointers .
Even still , when switching from one state set to another , the system tried to only change the relevant differences and not blindly apply all state parameters , some of which , like texture loads and binds , could be very expensive time - wise .
In these systems , state sharing was achieved by having two graphical objects point to the same state set .
This had other advantages , such as being able to quickly switch from “ visible light ” states to “ infrared ” states using simple pointer swaps .
In this example , many of the nodes ( rectangles ) in the Tank hierarchy are assigned states ( ovals ) .
When the tank is drawn , we can sort the objects by state and try to minimize the number of state changes .
For example , we can draw the left and right tread at the same time and only set the “ rubber ” state once .
Since depth - first traversal would visit these in that order anyway , we have n’t gained much .
But we ’d want to draw the base and turret at the same time too ; so state encapsulation sorting can provide the needed information to make this possible .
Transform Graphs
Early scenegraphs were primarily transform graphs , representing object hierarchies in terms of inherited parent / child transformation relationships .
For example , a car node might have four wheel - nodes that would be specified relative to axle and steering nodes ( their center of rotation ) , which would in turn be specified relative to the car .
Or , perhaps , a building might contain walls , floors , windows , and interior rooms , which might contain desks and chairs and so on .
Dynamic Coordinate Systems
Dynamic Coordinate Systems ( DCS ) were added for things like our tank , where we wanted the tank to be able to move around from frame to frame and the turret to rotate independently .
DCS nodes were originally more expensive , mainly because there was extra bookkeeping information that could not be pre-computed , but instead needed to be re-computed when the object moved , or at worst each frame .
What bookkeeping ?
Take culling , for example .
It often uses bounding boxes or spheres to contain all of a node ’s children and their bounding boxes , recursively .
If the node ’s bounding volume is invisible , all of the children are therefore invisible .
When a child moves , the bounding box needs to be re-computed .
So we might write the logic as : re-compute the bounding box only when a child moves .
But what happens when all of the children move ?
Do we re-compute the bounding box each time or wait till they ’re all done moving ?
In that case , it might be better to re-compute the bounding box once per frame , or better yet , store a flag that says if any of the children changed that frame and then re-compute the box at most once per frame .
This sort of tradeoff is the kind of thing scenegraphs excel at , where immediate mode rendering does little to help .
Static Coordinate Systems
In the case of buildings , since they do n’t move , we could use static coordinate systems ( called SCS in Performer ) .
These were simple matrix transformations without a lot of overhead .
The main difference being that SCS nodes could pre-compute important information , like bounding boxes and collision information .
More importantly , in a MP ( multi- process ) system , SCS nodes are guaranteed to remain the same from process to process , whereas DCS nodes need to be buffered so that changes in one process do n’t have immediate effects in another .
Aside : for a quick example of the sort of MP problems that arise , consider two cubes that are being manipulated in one process and drawn in another .
If the first process modifies both cubes before either is drawn , things are happy .
If the first process moves the cubes after they ’re drawn , things are okay , but you wo n’t see the change until the next rendered frame , by which time something else might have happened .
But if the first process modifies one cube and then both are drawn before it can modify the other , you can see strange artifacts that make the cubes appear to oscillate with respect to each other .
Worse still , in a true MP system , the first process can be in the middle of updating one cube while the other is drawn , causing unpredictable results .
We may not be used to using multi- threading or multi-processing on wintel boxes , but it ’s becoming more and more important , even on single CPU machines .
With hyper - threading , AGP bottlenecks , and consoles that contain many independent processors , synchronizing a dedicated “ draw ” process with a main application , possibly running at a different frame - rate is going to be a challenge more and more people will be familiar with .
Adding Groups , LOD , and other useful nodes
In addition to coordinate system nodes and basic graphical objects , scenegraphs added other types of nodes to take advantage of the “ retained mode ” and frame - to - frame coherence optimizations .
Most of these node types derive from the basic group node , which acts as a simple container for any number of children , spatially proximate or not but does not impose any restriction on its children .
Level of Detail nodes use computations about how far an object is from the observer to “ dial in ” the amount of detail shown or switch between two or more child nodes which represent an object at various fidelities .
The basic idea is that a far - away object can be rendered at lower fidelity ( fewer polygons , smaller textures , etc. ) .
Many schemes have been invented to deal with object switching or fading between LOD states , and the state of the art lies in various so - called continuous level of detail schemes .
Switch nodes are a form of group node that sets the active child node ( zero or one out of N children ) based on some key value ( e.g. , 0 to n - 1 ) .
Sequence nodes are a form of switch where the key value cycles based on time .
Animations can be made with sequence nodes – each frame of animation is stored as a unique child object and the parent sequence node controls the active frame .
A DCS - Sequence is useful for motion - captured joint animation , for example , where an array of transformations is applied in the same way a sequence node iterates through the list of children ( it used to require having N SCS nodes under a Sequence , which was wasteful ) .
DCSSequences can , for example , be efficiently compressed and stored and take very little CPU time to play back ( though their interactivity leaves something to be desired ) .
Performer
SGI ’s Performer was an early example of a scenegraph that was primarily a multi-process transformation graph .
Performer had state objects which did not exist in the hierarchy per se , but were referenced by graphical objects .
Performer made many advances in the use of MP programming techniques to optimize performance on SGI ’s multi processor systems .
Performer did a great job of state sorting , though an early design decision limited state sorting to only under individual DCS nodes – in other words , objects could not be grouped for similar - state rendering if they had different DCS nodes above them .
Performer also made extensive use of traversal masks and per-node callbacks for special effects .
Adding State Nodes to the Tree
Later scenegraphs added the notion of state as an actual node type .
This had some advantages , especially in terms of being able to aggregate common state .
For example , if there were 100 brick objects , we could insert a “ brick ” material node as parent to those 100 objects and the scenegraph render process would implicitly render these together .
In fact , one of the principal benefits of state nodes are that explicit state sorting is given to the scenegraph modeler .
For skilled modelers , this provides more control and more potential for optimization than automatic state sorting .
But in the general case , it probably is not a win .
Why ?
An illustrative example takes 100 tank objects , each with three states ( say tread , metal , and camo ) .
But since we want the tanks to each be independently movable , they would be grouped with each tank having its own parent DCS node , plus some more DCS nodes for the turret and tread wheels if desired .
Below that top DCS , we ’d see the three state nodes and below those , the individual geometry ( shared or instanced ) .
This means , in practical terms , that we ’d have 100 tread , metal , and camo nodes and that we ’d change state at least 300 times during the rendering of the scene .
A better scheme might group the graphical objects by the three common states , but that would require each geometry object to have its own DCS and we ’d run the risk of a turret forgetting to drive on when the base of the tank does .
VisKit
Paradigm ’s VisKit is a good example of this approach .
It also added other useful node types like “ cameras ” ( representing the observer in the scenegraph , rather than as implicitly at 0,0,0 in modelview space .
But in other ways , VisKit was very similar to early versions of Performer ( not surprisingly , since its designer was the person who had managed the early Performer team at SGI ) .
Adding Action or Event Nodes
Many scenegraphs had the notion of per-node callbacks that the programmer could specify .
In Performer , each node could have multiple callbacks , depending on the context .
In Cull processing , any cull callbacks ( if present ) would be invoked to affect the culling result .
In Draw processing , any draw callbacks would similarly be invoked for drawing special effects .
Since these processes worked in a hierarchical depth - first traversal fashion , pre- and post - traversal callbacks were often provided to let things be done before and / or after traversal of child nodes .
Application - side callbacks were also provided to do computation or automation on a node once each frame ( e.g. , for conditional logic , for animation , to move a DCS , collect statistics , and so on ) .
However , the main drawbacks of such automatic actions per node are twofold .
First , they are very difficult to schedule efficiently , since the application does not know in advance which nodes will be visible or how much time any given callback might consume .
They can take an arbitrary amount of time to execute , and generally block further processing of culling or drawing ( blocking on draw can cause “ bubbles ” or stalls in hardware queues ) .
They are also somewhat scattered in terms of cache coherence and branch prediction — similar operations are almost never performed in repeated series .
In Performer apps , for example , callbacks were sometimes found to cause CPU bottlenecks and non-deterministic behaviors .
The second drawback of callbacks is more complicated .
Since app - side callbacks need to be invoked before the culling or drawing traversals begin ( since the app can change the positions of objects , moving them in and out of view , for example ) , the app traversal generally visits every object in the scenegraph , even those that are way off screen .
This can be very costly and ultimately defeats the advantages that culling gives over a brute - force immediate mode implementation .
A better system might do some culling first and then do per -node processing based on how close an object was to being in view .
Far away objects usually need limited processing , usually just to determine when they will enter the view .
And the app process may move an object .
So there ’s still a cyclic dependency between this optimization and culling which needs to be addressed .
Inventor
Inventor existed at SGI at the roughly same time as Performer with a very different approach .
The goal there was usability over performance .
The result was a very elaborate and highly re-usable set of scenegraph nodes , but at the cost of performance .
So much so that Inventor was relegated to academic projects and rapid prototyping but to my knowledge , no serious ( i.e. , high performance ) real - time efforts .
Many people tried to mix Performer and Inventor to get the best of both worlds , but this was almost always a dead end .
Adding Event Nodes
Event nodes were a later addition to systems like Inventor and its descendent , VRML .
The idea behind a scenegraph event system is fairly clever in theory .
If the camera or observer is an object in the scenegraph , we can test to see when this object collides with one or more invisible “ trigger ” volumes also in the scenegraph .
A trigger or sensor object could be linked to an effector or action object that would animate a node , for example .
Events could be mouse or keyboard based too , so if you click on a 3D button , something else happens in the virtual world .
In this way , one could write an entire user - interactive program in a scenegraph .
Doors could be opened , lights turned on by flicking virtual switches , and so on .
All data driven .
VRML
Virtual Reality Modeling / Markup Language was the extension of Inventor , drafted after many competing forces finally came together ( lead by SGI at the time ) .
It was very similar to Inventor in form and function and suffered from many of the same performance disabilities .
But the main benefit was that it was highly self - contained and simple to transport across network connections .
It also added concepts for extensibility and portability that Inventor largely lacked ( being SGI - specific ) and is now being further revised in something called Web3D or X3D or VRML200x .
Body and Facial Animation
X3D and MPEG - 4 add special node types for Body and Facial Animations , since for humans , there are some clever ways to extract differences from a standard ( implicit ) model for better compression .
We can encode phonetic visual expressions ( visemes ) as well as joint animations for elbows and wrists using many fewer bits than if we were coding these things generically .
GeoSpatial
GeoSpatial problems ( like drawing the entire earth ) require some special nodes to deal with the inherent hardware precision limitations of graphics hardware , namely single precision floating point .
True geospatial information requires more than 23 bits of mantissa to properly represent and scenegraphs are generally done using 32 - bit floats , so we add some new GeoNode types to various scenegraph schemes .
GeoVrml is one such approach , driven largely by the folks at SRI .
Keyhole used its own approach for EarthViewer .
PVS
“ Potential Visual Set ” is a broad term for a sort of generalized culling technique .
In basic culling , we take the entire scene and recursively find which objects fall on or within some bounding volume , usually a frustum ( a truncated pyramid , approximating the viewing volume ) .
In generalized culling , we might have pre-computed lists of objects that are spatially grouped ( like “ group ” nodes , only they need not be hierarchically associated ) and probably visible at the same time .
Other techniques might make use of shadow or blocker objects that rule out certain regions of space .
The “ Cell and Portal ” approach , for example , usually groups the world into rooms or cells , with each cell having a list of objects in it and a list of portals , doors , or other connections to the adjacent ( or even distant but connected ) cells .
When a portal is deemed visible , the culling routine looks at the portal ’s connected cell and checks all of its portals , and so on and so on recursively , each time adding ( ORing ) the overall set of visible objects and each time , reducing ( ANDing ) the frustum to the portal ( door ) we can see through .
In simpler implementations , objects within a single cell are considered visible whenever their cell is culled in .
Often traditional spatial culling is used to further narrow the visible set .
What ’s most interesting about Cells and Portals is that it can also generalize the notion of rendering to framebuffers and destinations and make use of standins or impostors .
A doorway can be a portal to another room , or it can be implemented as a textured polygon , pre-rendered from an image of that room from the correct perspective .
If it ’s done right , there ’s no way to tell the difference .
Mirrors are implemented in much the same way .
A mirror can be rendered by inverting the view matrix and projecting the camera through the mirror , then drawing normally into the framebuffer .
Or it can be rendered by projecting the camera through the mirror , rendering the scene to a texture , and applying the texture to the mirror as a painting .
The downside of PVS techniques is that they ’re usually added to scenegraphs as an afterthought and not built in from the ground up .
NetImmerse is / was a game engine that made extensive use of Cells and Portals .
Inventor Revisited
Inventor is easy to use .
It provides a rich set of node types which make it easy to get something up and running quickly .
And it adds some nice 3D GUI types too , which make producing a finished application that much quicker .
However , Inventor is a poor performer .
It suffers from some critical design flaws , such as virtualizing all interfaces , even to atomic data members , which does n’t help performance any ( even COM objects try not to virtualize member getters and setters ) .
But the biggest flaw is in the execution model , the active nodes in the scenegraph consume CPU time while the scene is being rendered .
And since all nodes must be visited , view frustum culling is not common , even at the rendering stage .
So richly immersive scenes will be slow unless the programmer makes the effort to optimize it by him or herself .
[ note : some people who use Inventor have written in to say many of my criticisms have been addressed more recently . ]
VRML Revisited
VRML suffers from many of the same performance limitations as Inventor .
It ’s nice to be able to specify what are essentially dataflow programs right in the scenegraph by hooking sensors to effectors using routes or linkages and place active clickable objects in the world with a few lines of text .
But VRML suffers from a severe namespace problem , where declared objects can be ambiguously or incompletely defined ( via dangling external references ) and so on .
Just looking at the dataflow problem gives some sense of how buggy a VRML system can be .
If a scenegraph finds an effector node first and then finds a sensor node that drives the effector , what is the proper way to process this ?
Do we normally process the effector node first , then the sensor , thereby potentially computing the effector again this frame ( risking an infinite loop or at least a performance hit to fix the problem ) ?
Or do we wait till next frame where it may be too late ?
Or , perhaps , do we sort the entire scenegraph to make sure all sensors come before their down - wind effectors ( if that is even possible given the cyclic possibilities ) ?
This could bring up problems with state and transform dependencies and make objects go haywire .
Given global DEF / USE semantics , can we have two objects using the same global name or is this an error ?
It could be accidental .
If so , did we mean to use the first one or the last one ?
If we try to use the hierarchy to segment the namespace ( as is done in Java , for example ) , what happens when we subtly reorganize the scenegraph because two objects that had been attached now can move independently ( for example , a car riding on a moving flatbed train now drives off at the station ) .
What if we want to reorganize the scenegraph for better state - based performance on different target hardware configurations ?
We could easily break our nice scenegraph - based program in the process .
Scenegraphs Today
Given that we want to hook some nodes up to other nodes to enable event processing , we ’d also like a guaranteed consistent way of naming objects that does n’t change after spatial or state sorting or does n’t even change if parts of the scene are currently loaded or not ( early scenegraphs were entirely memory resident ) .
We want a logical or semantic naming scheme , like in namespaces .
We want handles that persist and reflect structures that may not even be local .
Scenegraphs today are quite sophisticated and quite readily available , even free and open sourced .
They ’re generally well suited for cross - platform game development .
But current scenegraphs do have some important weaknesses .
One is an overloading of the tree concept with all sorts of bells and whistles that slow things down .
Another is that without structural changes , coordinating changes in distributed systems is difficult .
Very few of the current crop of scenegraphs were designed with MMOGs in mind .
The heart of the problem is an overloading of what was once a nice , straightforward performance improvement over immediate mode OpenGL .
We moved to hierarchies so we could cull and draw more efficiently .
Then we added in all this extra stuff , like hanging ornaments on a Christmas tree , except that some of the ornaments are nice juicy steaks and some are whole live cows .
They simply do n’t belong .
Put another way , the original transform - graph concept sought to organize the visual database spatially to take advantage of grouping proximate or linked objects .
We propagated shared spatial information up the tree , where we could make earlier traversal decisions and save time in true log -n tree fashion .
But we have more than one way of organizing our visual database .
Culling and PVS techniques want to have spatially organized databases for optimum performance .
If the scenegraph is instead organized largely by state , then we might need to cull each 3 - state tank ( in the tank example ) three times , once for each articulated part , instead of being able to cull out each tank once and only once .
But if we want to get the best hardware performance , we really do want to sort the visible set by the most expensive state changes first .
Moreover , since states do n’t change that often , we do n’t want to re-sort the scene every frame .
But if we start with a spatial view each time and sort only the visible objects , that seems that ’s we ’re stuck with ( as was the case with Performer , believe it or not ) .
If we re-sort the whole scenegraph for state optimization ( only once , hopefully ) , we lose the nice spatial coherence we count on for fast culling .
By executing actions at each node during a depth - first traversal , we are most likely invoking bits of code in an arbitrary ( almost random ) order .
This runs counter to the advanced scheduling many compilers try to do to take advantage of CPU branch prediction and pipelining , instruction pre-fetch and high - speed local caching , to name a few .
Instruction and Data Cache misses can affect performance by up to 10 x on many systems .
So does n’t it make sense , that if we have 100 physics nodes and 100 inverse kinematics animation nodes , we try to process those nodes together , just like we tried to do for state ( especially for systems with special vectorizing or SIMD capabilities ) .
So this gives yet another competing organizational approach to how to optimize the scenegraph .
Put all of these together and it ’s easy to see that the current evolution of scenegraphs has taken a wrong turn somewhere .
And it will require a change in approach to move past the roadblock .
Scenegraph ’s Tomorrow
Granted , it is probably impossible to find a single perfect organization for a scenegraph that simultaneously optimizes for spatial , state , semantic , and CPU considerations .
Some people try to hand - design theirs to straddle the fence and make the best of what they have .
But a better idea is to remove one of the fundamental constraints : that there need be a single scenegraph organization for a given visual database .
It is entirely possible that we can have a single set of objects , call it an object soup , but have two , three , four , or more hierarchies linking these objects into independent and complimentary organizations .
It ’s been on the wish of a number of scenegraph designers for years , though it ’s never been a requirement before distributed databases came along .
But how to implement this is another matter .
The solution , it seems , lies in the separation of concepts of scenegraph “ nodes ” from the “ objects ” they represent .
By making shared objects live in a soup , we minimize the amount of waste and miscoordination we might see with four or more simultaneous object hierarchies .
This way the “ node ” part of an object is just a few bytes – just enough to point to the object in the soup and to the parent / child / sibling relationships in this particular view .
All of the real “ meat ” is kept once in the object , which ideally contains back pointers to each node in each graph , limited to a small number like four .
Is this rocket science ?
Not really .
Relational databases have separated indices from data since the dawn of time .
And scenegraphs are just one way of indexing into big visual databases .
Once scenegraph designers come to grips with that , the rest is downhill .
The second problem is how to correlate among multiple database views ( i.e. , sets of indices ) .
Since lightweight nodes in two views point back to the same object , it ’s easy to see how given a node in one database view , we could find the corresponding node another view — just follow the back pointers .
This lets us cull using the optimized spatial view and render using the hardware - optimized state view .
The heart of an efficient distributed database implementation , then , is using the spatial view to limit what happens in the other views ( rendering , culling , physics , animation , and so on ) and distributing changes in the spatial view among disparate systems .
The state , semantic , and application views do not generally change , except for visibility and priority per time interval , so the real meat of the task is in synchronizing the spatial views .
Semantic View
The semantic or logical view of a visual database is just a convenient way of accessing objects in the object soup .
Think of it as the google ( albeit local , not web - wide ) of visual databases .
The organization is arbitrary and entirely up to the developer .
A developer might use the semantic view as a large dictionary of objects , organized by object type , subtype and so on .
Or a game may divide objects up by their role in game play .
But the main idea is that the leaves of this tree are the actual objects in the world .
What ’s important is that the logical / semantic structure is well known ( published ) for all concurrent developers to use .
It is a rendezvous point , as well a convenience .
But it can be used for more elaborate schemes as well .
For example , if the semantic view is organized into “ vehicles ” and then “ cars ” under that , we could perform some operation on all of the game universe ’s cars at once ( perhaps , proximity tracking ) .
And there is no reason why objects could not be located under more than one branch of the semantic tree .
There could be a branch called “ physical objects ” as well as the “ vehicle / car ” branch .
One could set the physics computation process everything under the “ physics objects ” branch automatically .
State View
As discussed earlier , the State View is intended to be a platform - specific state sort and state aggregation view .
For a platform on which texture fetching is very expensive , we might see textureIDs as the most significant branches in the tree , thereby minimizing the number of textureID changes .
On another platform , lighting mode might be more expensive to change .
The State View can generally be computed on the client at load - time and does not change much .
Which objects are on or off does , but their fundamental draw order does not .
One exception to that rule is depth - sorted objects , like transparent polygons .
Here , we might have a branch of the state view that is somewhat dynamic without slowing down the rest of the system .
Shading Languages
One of the latest buzzwords in modern computer graphics is Shading Languages .
The main idea is that complex images can be constructed by mathematically combining ( adding , subtracting , multiplying , etc.. ) many simpler images , often through a small assembly language program instead of using actual framebuffer operations .
For example , a nice 3D bump mapped brick texture ( where the bump mapping provides nice light and shadow cues to make the brick seem more 3D ) might be described as a combination of a flat red texture , two or three rendering stages of bump mapping ( rendering light and shadows ) , a light map for global shadows , and perhaps a specular highlight map if the object has little glass or metal bits .
Shaders can be expressed as programs , algorithms , or as a “ shading tree , ” where the constituent sub - shaders are broken down in hierarchical fashion , like we see for spatial transformations .
This shading tree might be explicit , if the underlying scenegraph supports such advanced concepts , or it might be implicit , as an abstract representation of ( for purposes of understanding ) some pre-compiled code .
It ’s important to realize that the shading tree we see could easily vary from hardware platform to hardware platform , depending on the graphics capabilities and other factors .
For example , some hardware supports advanced bump mapping in a single operation – so the state tree node in that case would be one node .
Other hardware might not support bump mapping at all , but we can still achieve bump mapping effects by making multiple simpler rendering passes ( one for the texture , one for light areas and one for dark areas ) .
So the shading tree in that case might have a parent node with three children , representing the three passes .
~vs~ ~vs~ ( note : here , boxes are states and circles are rendering objects )
Shading trees will also vary from software API to software API .
But since we ’ve separated out the notion of our Spatial View ( see below ) from the State View , this affords us a good place to handle the interface between with underlying graphics APIs we might want to use ( such as OpenGL or DirectX ) .
Application View
The presence of an Application View is not a strict requirement .
In fact , it is the least useful view out of the bunch , mainly because compilers are so much better at scheduling code on CPUs .
And a big problem with data - driven programs is that they can be very hard to debug and stamp out pseudo race conditions .
But , on the other hand , they ’re very nice for rapid prototyping and platform - neutral abstraction .
They ’re also quite useful for giving game players the ability to dynamically change game behaviors ( e.g. , mod programming or simple tunability ) .
Spatial View
The Spatial View , on the other hand , is the most important view from a distributed database point of view ( and with all of the MMOG pushes out there , who is n’t building a distributed database these days ? ) .
By organizing the world into spaces and sub -spaces , we can efficiently decide how to route messages , prioritize computations , and cull the database to minimize rendering time and network traffic .
The subdivision of the world into hierarchical spaces is not arbitrary , but there are a number of valid schemes for doing so .
What is important is that the subdivision scheme be fairly well tuned to the culling procedure , that no node has too many or too few children ( i.e. , too tall or wide a tree ) .
In other words , the same rules that apply to well balanced trees in general .
The choice of whether spaces are static or dynamic is also open .
For quad tree schemes , the subdivision is relatively static .
If an object moves , it might cause new quad cells to be created or destroyed , but no quad - cells ever move .
For spheres or bounding box trees , the bounding volumes will likely move as the objects they contain move .
Rules for stretching volumes and forcing children in or out of them are also flexible and fairly easy to impement as iterative solutions ( with local , not global optimization ) .
In this scheme , bounding volumes can overlap , but they need not do so .
It ’s not even a problem for an object to be contained in multiple bounding volumes as long as it ’s not culled in or out more than once per frame .
I ’ve played with systems with “ floating ” spaces that group objects for lighting purposes ( e.g. , all objects that are affected by a light are in one space ) .
Grouping objects in formation is another useful extension .
A group of tanks or fighters can be dynamically gathered by their proximity and culled as a group , even if there is n’t a single “ parent ” node in the traditional scenegraph sense .
Summary
I ’ve covered the basics of scenegraphs , where they came from , where they are , and where I think they ’re going , at least from one point of view .
Much of this work is related to on - going development of a so - called “ multi- view ” scenegraph .
The ultimate goal of this work is to come up with a simple , light - weight system for optimizing rendering across many platforms .
Look for future articles on my progress with this work .
This document intentionally does n’t directly address whether you should or should n’t use a scenegraph in your 3D app .
I trust that given the full facts you ’ll know best what you need .
But for those people who dismiss scenegraphs out of hand , I hope this article does at least shed some light on the likelihood that you are using a scenegraph in one way or another , whether you call it “ portals , ” bones , ” “ linked matrices , ” or anything else .
Because when it comes down to it , this is all just common sense and experience put to work .
What details were overlooked ?
" The non -GM varieties could not perform to their full potential because standard weed control was avoided . "
Julie Newman , reporting on these trials , asks " Why has there been so much promotion of GM trials but little attention to detail ? "
Media has devoted attention to the Andrew Weidermann 's GM trials in Australia but has failed to notice that the trials had been manipulated in a series of ways to make the GM - canola look as though it outperformed normal canola .
She begins by noting that that GM - canola offers no real " advantage " at all .
Its only difference is that it was made resistant to Roundup Ready Glyphosate , Monsanto 's pesticide .
That is , the GM - canola is nothing special in terms of anything it has to offer about the canola .
It is simply altered in tie it to Monsanto 's own product .
" The agronomic difference between GM and non-GM herbicide tolerant canola is [ only ] the type of chemical that it is resistant to , " Ms. Newman explains .
She then suggests that a fair comparison between GM - canola and normal canola would be performance trials that compared weed control using different chemicals and at optimum times .
She said that the trials on Andrew Weidermann 's property which were made much of by the media , completely failed to do that .
( In fact , they did the opposite . )
The preferential treatment of the GM - canola .
Only the GM - canola was treated as recommended and at the optimum times .
She notes that " the recommendations for the Roundup Ready canola were followed well and spraying was done when weeds were manageable .
Even so , despite ideal treatment , hogweed and vetch survived and there was a second germination of weeds ( including hogweed ) . "
The step - child treatment of the normal canola .
When it came to treating the normal canola , she explains that the standard practice for it would be to apply " a knockdown herbicide of glyphosate prior to sowing but this was not applied .
In a blatent disregard for standard practise of triazine tolerant varieties , no pre-emergent triazine was applied which is essential to the success of TT varieties . "
She goes on to add that the next application for the normal canola came two months after planting though ryegrass size already " exceeded label recommendation for control .
...
This weed control was well outside label recommendations and would have had a serious yield drag due to lack of weed control , particularly in early growth stages . "
Oh , Monsanto , this is a low - down dirty trick , which would have been obvious to any farmer , yet one so easy to play on city reporters , do n't you find ?
Ms. Newman , not so easily taken in , notes that " It is not surprising that there was ryegrass survivors in the Clearfield varieties as again the herbicide recommendations were not followed . "
Not only was the recommended timing not followed but an " excuse of " bad weather " was given for [ the ] delay to which Ms. Newman countered that " no rain was recorded at the optimum spraying time . "
Reporters were not been present during the months of growing and spraying so were unable to observe that the ideal timing for treatment was followed for the GM - canola or that the recommendations for appropriate timing were not followed for the normal canola .
Instead , they came to see the plants themselves and were subject to other tricks being played which they seem not to have been knowledgeable enough to discern .
VIDEO
The Independent Institute
States of Fear : Science or Politics ?
© 1997 -2010 Constant C Productions .
All rights reserved .
Home | Contact Us States of Fear : Science or Politics ?
Today , the Wall Street Journal announced that the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) is set to abandon its mass lawsuits against individuals .
Since 2003 , the RIAA has opened legal proceedings against approximately 35,000 people , including a 13 - year - old and a dead person .
Instead , they intend to work through Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) .
ISPs will be asked to email customers , asking them to stop sharing music , and threaten them with slower connections and disconnection if they continue .
Many ISPs are sadly already in negotiations with major record labels and other entertainment companies .
While this change maybe has obvious positive aspects -- no reasonable person would think children and the deceased should be sued for sharing music -- it smells like just a change of tactics toward the same end .
The RIAA was a firm supporter of the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2007 , known as the PRO - IP bill .
Under the deceptive banner of " intellectual property , " the law has several unacceptable provisions , including a disastrously broad power to seize people 's property like computers and servers .
Earlier versions of the bill tried to pass the buck for the RIAA 's lawsuits against citizens to the Department of Justice -- that portion was removed before it passed , but it 's not surprising to now see the RIAA trying to get ISPs to do more enforcement for them .
Instead of suing people , they want to just confiscate their computers entirely and have their Internet connections cut off , without dirtying their own hands .
All of this is thanks to Senator Leahy , who as a paid puppet for the media industry , sponsored the bill .
And remember , it was Mitch Bainwol , the RIAA Chairman & CEO who said , " This bill truly is music to the ears of all those who care about strengthening American creativity and jobs . "
Take action !
Boris Johnson wants to consider an illegal immigrant amnesty
The Mayor of London is to commission a study of a potential amnesty for illegal immigrants in the capital .
Boris Johnson said deporting thousands of people working illegally in the UK was " just not going to happen " .
He told Channel 4
News that allowing long - term illegal immigrants to earn the right to stay would see " hugely increased " tax revenues .
Immigration Minister Phil Woolas said the suggestion was " naive " and would lead to more trafficking of people .
Mr Woolas said : " I think this is naive of the Mayor .
His comments might start with the best of intentions but will lead to more people traffickers making more money and exploiting more vulnerable individuals . "
Of the 700,000 illegal immigrants thought to be in the UK , about 400,000 are in London .
Mr Johnson said : " What I want to do is to commission a study by my own economics team here at the Greater London Authority into the possibility [ of an amnesty ] . "
" We want to look in detail at what the economic impact of such an earned amnesty system would be . "
I think that we could have other hoops that they might have to go through in order to be able to quality for an earned amnesty scheme
Boris Johnson
He acknowledged that illegal immigrants had broken the law and should " in principle " be deported , but he added : " Unfortunately it is just not going to happen . "
Mr Johnson said he did not want to encourage illegal immigration but said there were significant legal and financial obstacles to mass deportations .
He suggested that those allowed to stay would have to have at least five years ' residency .
They must also be able to demonstrate their commitment " to this society and to this economy " .
He added : " There 's got to be a very substantial period in which they have been in this country .
" I think that we could have other hoops that they might have to go through in order to be able to qualify for an earned amnesty scheme .
' Every eight minutes ' " For instance , it might be necessary to have a clean criminal record .
It might be important that they should go through various citizenship tests , the kind we already have .
" And there might be some sort of financial obligations that they have to meet as well . "
Migrationwatch UK said the proposal was " amazing " with a recession looming .
Chairman Sir Andrew Green said : " An amnesty would also add hundreds of thousands to the housing lists . "
Mr Woolas said the UK Border Agency was committed to stopping illegal migration .
" We are putting in place the biggest shake - up of the immigration system for 45 years and we are seeing the results of this . "
He added : " We are putting more resources into expelling foreign law breakers and last year we removed one person every eight minutes . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama 's Aunt Zeituni Onyango
Barack Obama's Aunt Zeituni Onyango
's aunt , ( referred to as Auntie Zeituni in Obama 's memoir ) , could be a political embarrassment for the Obama campaign with just three days to go to the presidential election .
56 - year - old Zeituni , the half - sister of Obama 's father , has been living in public housing in South Boston illegally after an immigration judge rejected her request for asylum four years ago .
It also appears that Onyango made an illegal contribution to her nephew 's presidential campaign .
Records show that she gave a total of $ 260 to the Obama campaign during the third quarter of this year .
US election rules require that individuals making presidential campaign contributions be US citizens , and political campaigns are required to make " best efforts " to verify that .
According to Bob Biersack , a spokesman for the Federal Election Commission , " The responsibility is the campaign's to ensure the funds they receive are from permissable sources in appropriate amounts . "
" In the process of collecting the contribution , they have to inform people what the rules and ask for some confirmation from the donor they are qualified to make the contribution , " he said .
Onyango's case — coming to light just days before the presidential election — led to an unusual nationwide directive within Immigrations and Customs Enforcement requiring any deportations prior to Tuesday 's election to be approved at least at the level of ICE regional directors , the U.S. law enforcement official told the AP .
The unusual directive suggests that the Bush administration is sensitive to the political implications of Onyango 's case coming to light so close to the election .
It is unclear how Onyango qualified for public housing with a standing deportation order .
by
It ’s becoming more and more apparent that we need to find viable alternative energy sources .
Â
Whether it ’s for economic reasons – not having to send hundreds of billions of dollars to unstable countries – or environmental reasons – not dumping billions of tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere – the time has come to kick our oil addiction and move towards clean , renewable alternative energies .
But , how are we going to pay for this research and transition , and who ’s going to foot the bill ?
One of the most commonly kicked around ideas is to raise the federal fuel tax from 18.4 cents to something a little more substantial .
Â
After all , this would be an easy way to help wean people off gasoline and at the same time help fund billions of dollars for alternative fuel research .
( Click here to read about my plan to raise the fuel tax to 50 cents . )
Unfortunately , I would n’t count on this rational idea coming to fruition any time soon , because whenever the phrase “ tax increase ” is uttered , people tend to lose their minds and politicians tend to lose their jobs .
For example , according to a recent poll , nearly 60 % of people would not support a gas tax increase , even if all of the money went directly towards researching alternative energy .
The poll , which ran last week on GasBuddy.com , asked the following question : “ Would you be willing to support a gas tax hike if the increase were specifically earmarked for research into alternative energy sources ? ”
10 % said yes , they would
12 % said it depended on which alternatives were being funded
18 % said it depended on how big the tax hike was
57 % said no , they would not
2 % said the had no opinion
This poll , for lack of a better word , disappointed me quite a bit .
Â
Maybe it ’s my cynical nature , but , to me , this just goes to show that while many of us are concerned about the country ’s energy problems and truly do want a viable solution relatively soon , we ’d just as soon not be inconvenienced until there are no other options .
Do n’t get me wrong , there are certainly issues with increasing this tax – it would be more of a regressive tax , meaning it theoretically hurt poor people more than the wealthy ; it would hurt many small businesses ; and would likely cause consumer spending to slow even more – but it likely would not be as terrible as many of us think it would be .
Regardless , I ’m not likely to get many converts to my idea , so I ’d like to put forth a compromising plan .
Â
While it still includes increasing the federal fuel tax , it would likely be less of a burden on the average Joe and Jane .
Under my plan , funding for research of alternative energies would come from three separate groups :
Energy Producers – i.e. companies whose current business is to deal in fossil fuels
– i.e. companies whose current business is to deal in fossil fuels Energy Regulators – i.e. governments , in particular the Federal Government
– i.e. governments , in particular the Federal Government Energy Users – i.e. you and me
ENERGY PRODUCERS :
Energy companies – oil companies in particular – are making billions of dollars in profits each year off of unclean fossil fuels , so should n’t they be responsible for footing much of the research ?
Â
If we were to enact some sort of minor windfall tax on these guys , it would be fairly reasonable to expect to generate hundreds of millions , or maybe even billions of dollars each year for alternative fuel research .
ENERGY REGULATORS :
I do n’t think it ’s hard to argue that our growing energy crisis and dependence on foreign oil is a much better threat our economy and the well - being of every American than this current financial crisis .
Since it appears Congress can throw nearly a trillion dollars at that problem ( and much more than that if you count all of the emergency funds the Federal Reserve has been providing banks ) then surely they can find significant funds for alternative energy research without having to over tax the public .
I ’m sure the legislative and executive branches could find a bunch of money if they looked hard enough and cut out unnecessary pork barrel spending .
ENERGY USERS :
Since we ’re the ones currently using these unclean and non-renewable fuels , and we since we stand to gain the most by having readily available alternative fuels and energies , we should probably have to foot some of this “ research bill . ”
Â
We would do so by increasing the federal fuel tax , which would help to generate billions of dollars annually .
Additionally , this fuel tax is also a fair tax in the sense that the more you use , the more you pay .
Â
Think of it as the “ vice ” tax that ’s on cigarettes and alcohol .
Â
Do n’t want to pay , drive less or get a car with better fuel economy .
So , at the end of the day , with these three groups pumping in billions of dollars for alternative energy research , I think we can get the job done without causing too much pain to any one group in particular .
Enough about my ideas , I want to hear what you think .
Â
Leave a comment and tell me about your solution .
As the blogosphere rubbishes the latest round of Batman casting rumours , fanboys are boiling at the prospect of Norbit 's star obscuring their much - loved franchise .
But the reporter who broke the story tells me he 's sticking to his guns
Eddie Murphy has not had the easiest run of late .
Box office bomb Meet Dave followed critical derision for Norbit .
Ed was so upset at failing to secure the best supporting actor gong for his work in Dreamgirls at the 2007 Oscars that he upped and quit the ceremony .
But nothing could have prepared Murphy for the insults hurled his way after he was named yesterday by The Sun as the new Riddler in Christopher Nolan 's follow - up to The Dark Knight .
Fans of the fourth - highest grossing film of all time have been quick to express their revulsion at the thought of Murphy in the role , while commentators have angrily dismissed the story as " more bullshit casting stories " .
" There is not one shred of reality in any of these rumours , " wrote Harry Knowles of US film geek bible Aint It Cool News .
" If ANY OF YOU believe any of this bullshit , you have found some crazy awesome drugs and I would like to have some of what you 're having . "
Yikes .
Why such anger over a mere casting rumour ?
Well the ire has been building slowly following a similar piece in the Mirror in August which made the unlikely claim that Cher was going to play Catwoman in Nolan 's new film .
The Murphy rumour was , it seems , the straw that broke the Batman 's back .
The story in yesterday 's Sun also did n't help itself by suggesting that Shia LaBeouf would play Robin in the new film : apart from anything else , Nolan 's hyper - modern take on the caped crusader would seem to rule out the installation of a camp sidekick best remembered from the kooky 1950s TV show and Joel Schumacher 's much - loathed 1996 effort , Batman and Robin .
The article was further undermined when Murphy 's representative told TV show Access Hollywood it was categorically " not true " .
Meanwhile , Nolan stayed tight - lipped on the subject during a webchat with fans , in which the only vaguely notable revelation seemed to be that Heath Ledger improvised the Joker 's clapping during the Dark Knight scene in which Jim Gordon is made police commissioner of Gotham .
But why pontificate on just how unlikely it is that Murphy will ever don
The Riddler 's question - mark - emblazoned emerald spandex , when you can go straight to the source ?
The Sun's Gordon Smart told me this morning that he was standing by his story on the basis that it had come from a reliable contact – one responsible in 2005 for revealing to the world the then - unlikely casting of Daniel Craig as 007 .
" Everyone had a crack at us when we published that one , " said Smart .
" I was almost laughed out of conference that day , but it turned out to be spot on .
I wish I had had a bet on it . "
Off the record , Smart revealed his precise source , and if we are to believe him , it would appear a pretty reliable one .
It follows , then , that the rest of yesterday 's story might also be falsehood - free .
So , on that basis , prepare yourself for a Dark Knight sequel in 2010 ( despite the fact that Nolan has n't even officially signed on yet for a third film ) titled Gotham , featuring Murphy , LaBeouf and Bale , with Rachel Weisz as Catwoman .
Gird your loins , also , for a cliffhanger denouement in which Wayne Towers is hit by a blast which may or may not have offed the Batman .
Does that really , really appeal ?
Your thoughts below , please .
Senator to introduce measure to require health insurance for all Americans John Byrne
Published : Wednesday November 12 , 2008
Print This Email This Senate Finance Committee Chairman and Montana 's Democratic senator Max Baucus will introduce a sweeping healthcare measure today intended to ensure healthcare coverage for all Americans .
The move is short on financial specifics .
But its introduction will immediately move healthcare into the spotlight , putting pressure on President - Elect Barack Obama to bump medical coverage to the top of his priority list .
Asked in an interview four days before the election what would be the priorities of his incoming Administration , Obama has named healthcare third after the economic crisis and energy independence .
Baucus ' healthcare proposal differs from Obama 's in one key respect : he would mandate all Americans to have health insurance .
In that respect it is more like Sen. Hillary Clinton 's primary proposals .
In addition to mandating coverage , the bill would bar insurance companies from charging higher premiums or denying coverage to patients with pre-existing conditions .
The measure enjoins businesses to provide coverage to their employees .
" Under the Baucus plan , most employers would be required to offer insurance to their workers or pay into a fund , with the contribution based on the size of the firm and its annual revenue , " the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday .
" Small employers would get a tax credit if they offer insurance , with the size of the credit based on the size of the company and its earnings . "
The plan " does n't provide a cost estimate , and a Baucus aide declined to give one , " the paper added .
" The plans proposed by Sens. Obama and Clinton were each estimated to cost about $ 100 billion a year , not accounting for savings they hoped to generate through new efficiencies in health - care delivery . "
Baucus ' plan would also expand coverage in Medicaid and the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , and allow people from 55 to 64 to " buy in " to Medicare by paying the premium cost .
It would also loosen eligibility requirements for some federal assistance programs .
Read the full Journal article here and the NY Times ' description of the proposal here .
Copiado de Video Málaga y Laboratorio de Video .
Everyone has now gotten used to the idea that we 're " deleveraging . "
But what do we think that means ?
We think it means that banks , consumers , companies , and the government have to cut down their debt a bit .
Actually , more than a bit .
Unless it 's different this time , banks , consumers , companies , and the government need to cut their debt by more than half - - to about $ 20 - $ 25 trillion from the current $ 51 trillion .
That 's a lot of buying power that is going to go " poof . "
Huh ?
From the early 1920s through 1985 , the average level of debt - to - GDP in this country was 155 % .
The highest peak in history ( until the recent debt boom ) was in the early 1930s , when debt - to - GDP soared to 260 % of GDP .
In the 1930s , the ratio then cratered to 130 % , and it remained close to that level for another half century .
( See chart below ) .
In 1985 , we started to borrow , and last year , when we got finished borrowing , we had borrowed 350 % of GDP .
To get back to that 155 % , we need to get rid of more than $ 25 trillion of debt .
Do we have to get back to 155 % debt - to - GDP ?
No , we do n't have to .
But given what happened after the 1920s , and given what people will probably think about debt when they get through getting hammered this time around , we would n't be surprised if we got back there .
It seems to be sort of a natural level .
The banks have written off $ 650 billion so far .
So we suppose that 's a start .
Hayman Advisors :
See Also : More Bearish Than Roubini
HMAS Apocalypse : Deep in the Atlantic , a submarine waits on alert with nuclear missiles that would end the world ...
In chilling and compelling detail , Peter Hennessy and Richard Knight reveal for the first time the nation 's last line of defence
Deep beneath the surface of the Atlantic , HMS Vanguard — one of four identical Royal Navy submarines carrying Trident nuclear missiles — is on patrol .
Moving at a fast - walking pace , she is out there right now ; undetectable , untouchable and armed with more explosive power than was unleashed by all sides in the duration of World War II .
On board the Vanguard there is a safe attached to the floor of the control room .
Inside that , there is an inner safe .
And inside that sits a letter .
It is addressed to the submarine commander and it is from the Prime Minister .
In that letter , Gordon Brown conveys the most awesome decision of his political career .
He made it alone , in the first days of his premiership , and none of us is ever likely to know what he decided .
HMS Vanguard , pictured sailing from HMNB Clyde , holds missiles that could end the world
It is the Prime Minister ’s answer to a grim but essential question : in the event of a nuclear attack in which Britain is largely destroyed and he is killed before he has time to react , should Britain fire back ?
The moment they discover true power
Writing that letter is a profound experience for any prime minister .
It is , perhaps , the moment they discover what power really means .
Lord Guthrie , former Chief of the Defence Staff , recalls briefing the newly - elected Tony Blair on Britain ’s nuclear capability when he first entered Downing Street in 1997 .
‘ I think quite honestly , like most prime ministers , he had n’t given a huge amount of thought to what this really meant .
And it is actually an awesome responsibility .
It really comes home to you that he could , if the circumstances demanded it , create devastation on a huge scale . ’
How did Blair react ?
‘ Well , ’ says Guthrie , ‘he went quite quiet . ’
Guthrie ’s comments were recorded as part of a forthcoming BBC Radio 4 documentary , The Human Button , for which we spent a month researching Britain’s
nuclear chain of command in unprecedented detail .
We talked to the men ( so far , they have always been men ) who operate the system .
And we were given greater access to Britain ’s nuclear weapons infrastructure than ever before .
We did not set out to debate the pros and cons of a nuclear capability .
Our questions were more basic .
How does the system actually work ?
Is it fail - safe ?
And how does it feel to be a part of the ‘ human button ’ — a flesh and blood component in a well - drilled machine which , if deployed , would bring about the end of the world ?
Gordon Brown has written a ' last resort ' letter containing instructions in the event of nuclear attack
Our journey took us to highly secret — and at times , startlingly bleak — corners of the British state .
Ultimately , it took us to the weapon itself : HMS Vanguard .
Vanguard was the first of Britain ’s four nuclear - armed submarines to slide silently into
the Faslane naval base on the east coast of Scotland when the Trident programme came into commission 14 years ago .
We ca n’t say where she is right now , because we do n’t know .
Even the Navy does not know precisely .
Nor do most of her 160 or so crew .
Once the boat has left base , it is up to the captain alone to decide where to patrol within the vast sector of the ocean to which he has been assigned .
But before Vanguard sailed on her present patrol , we went aboard her .
Nothing prepares you for your first encounter with a ballistic submarine .
It ’s not so much her size — though she ’s big , 150 metres long — which takes your breath away .
It ’s the overwhelming menace which drips from her glistening grey casement .
Violent , yet beautiful
She is the most violent thing man has ever created .
Yet she ’s beautiful , too ; a piece of perfect engineering .
Vanguard is not quite what you expect inside , either .
The labyrinth of corridors , walkways , steps and hatches are reminiscent of the old diesel boats .
But though she ’s brutally functional , she manages somehow to maintain a surprising air of Royal Navy elegance .
The wardroom , which serves as the officers ’ mess , is all wood - panelling and fine china .
The men are polite , welcoming and quietly proud of their boat .
Commander Richard Lindsey , HMS Vanguard ’s captain , is proud of his men , too .
This is his first patrol as captain and his enthusiasm for the task , after 20 years in the submarine service , is clearly infectious .
He strides about the boat nodding and smiling at his ship ’s company .
But do n’t let his easy - going demeanour fool you .
Commander Lindsey means business .
He knows what his job is : to be Britain ’s very last line of defence .
And he has no doubt what he would do if he had to go into those safes to retrieve the Prime Minister ’s letter .
‘ In those circumstances we just go straight into our standard training profile : we will have had access through the outer safe , and I would then go into the inner safe open the letter and carry out those instruction as per that letter . ’
Without question ?
‘ Without question . ’
Captain of Polaris submarine HMS Resolution , Commander Paul Branscombe , showing a periscope to then - prime minister Margaret Thatcher
Possibly the last act of the British state
Lindsey allowed us to witness and record every part of a firing exercise .
It was , to him and his men , a routine process : they practise firing missiles so often the entire operation becomes almost second nature .
But to us it was a gripping spectacle : a mix
of technical formality and dark suspense .
This would be , were it to happen for real , possibly the last act of the British state .
It begins in the wireless room with the urgent clatter of a printer : it is the order to fire
coming in from a bunker at Northwood , deep under the Chilterns , from where the Prime Minister ’s instruction would be communicated to the submarine on patrol — presuming , in this instance , that the PM was still alive to issue his command directly .
The wireless operator rips the print - out from the machine and together with his crew - mate ( two men are needed to authenticate the process at every stage from the PM onwards ) he passes the coded message to the executive officer ( XO ) .
He hurries
through the narrow corridors , holding the message up high where it can be seen by another officer whose duty it is to follow him all the way to the control room to make sure he has no opportunity to swap the printout for another he might have manufactured himself .
In the control room the executive officer and captain open the safes together .
They each have a part of the combination .
We were not permitted to see inside the safes .
There , joined by the weapons engineering officer ( or ‘ WEO ’ ) , they decode the message using cryptographic codes that are stored alongside the Prime Minister ’s Last Resort Letter .
The point where doubts may creep in
This is the first point in the process , one imagines , when — were it for real — doubts
might begin to creep into the corners of the minds of the men involved .
The most senior officers are alone .
It falls to them , and only to them , to move to the next step .
Very few men in the history of the world have held such responsibility .
Richard Lindsey , however , does not believe he or his men would be there if they were n’t prepared to go through with it .
‘ I ’m sure that if somebody was onboard who did not want to be here they would have followed a process of leaving the submarine service or finding something else to do in the Navy , ’ he says .
Any doubts about the patrol , he explains , are more likely to focus
on being away from home for three months at a time , unable to communicate with anyone outside the submarine .
‘ Out of the entire Armed Forces , there are only ever approximately 160 people who are allowed no communication at all with their families , ’ explains Commander Lindsey .
They are the men on board whichever submarine is currently at sea .
For the duration of its long patrol , HMS Vanguard will transmit no communication of any kind .
To do so would be to give away its position .
In the control room the firing process is gathering momentum .
Each of the three senior officer concurs that the message they have received from Northwood matches precisely the codes kept in their safes .
‘ XO ’ , barks the executive officer , ‘ my half authenticates , sir . ’
‘ WEO ’ , shouts the weapons engineering officer , ‘ my half authenticates , sir . ’
Commander Lindsey looks from one to the other .
‘ The message authenticates correctly .
XO , bring the submarine to action stations . ’
The executive officer stands behind one of his men and says , quietly : ‘ Ship control .
Pipe the submarine to action stations . ’
The crewman triggers a loud klaxon .
‘ Action stations ! ’ he shouts into the microphone , broadcasting the command to the entire ship ’s company .
‘ Missile for strategic launch !’
‘ Very good , ’ the executive officer nods , ‘ full rise on the fore - planes , two up , stop engine . ’
A Polaris missile breaks through the surface of the water from HMS Resolution , in a test fire
Though the men we met were , beyond doubt , committed to the principle of nuclear deterrence and prepared , if called upon , to deploy their 16 Trident missiles ( each one of which can carry multiple warheads ) , there have been officers in the Royal Navy who doubted their own resolve .
Toby Elliott commanded the Polaris submarine HMS Resolution during the Cold War .
In the refined setting of the Army & Navy Club on London ’s Pall Mall he later told us about those who had dared to express their concerns .
‘ I knew several of my colleagues who went through the commanding officers ’ course and who were then selected to command Polaris submarines who said they could n’t do it , ’ Elliott explains .
‘ They were very brave to do so .
In [ some ] cases they lost their sea-going appointment and effectively ended their Naval careers . ’
Was that because there were n’t other boats for them to command ?
‘ No , ’ says Elliott , ‘ it was because they turned down the opportunity , or the invitation , to command a Polaris submarine because they had doubts about their ability to carry out the ultimate act . ’
There can be no weak link
We should not be surprised to hear that dissent from the doctrine of nuclear deterrence is punished .
To function , the system demands that there can be no weak link .
Britain ’s potential enemies must know that we could and would retaliate .
It is a grand game of chicken in which our players cannot concede , ever , that they might blink first .
Whether Britain really would retaliate is impossible to know .
The decision is , in the end , made by one person : the Prime Minister .
Or , if he is dead , his personally appointed alternate decision - taker ( usually someone high up in the Cabinet ) .
If he or she is also dead , it falls to the submarine commander to follow the orders of the Last Resort Letter — which might , in fact , ask him to use his own judgment .
So at what stage does the submarine commander decide it is time to open that letter ?
How on earth does he know if the PM has been killed and the normal chain of command obliterated ?
For obvious reasons , no one we spoke to would elaborate on the precise protocols .
Suffice it to say that there is a complicated series of checks that the submarine commander must perform to establish the true situation — one of which , curiously , is to determine whether Radio 4 is still broadcasting .
For some , that ultimate responsibility is a terrible burden .
Lord Healey , Defence Secretary in the Sixties , was Harold Wilson ’s alternate decision - taker .
His World War
III task would have been to stand beside the head of RAF Bomber Command in a bunker at High Wycombe which served as Britain ’s nuclear command centre in the days when the weapons were carried by RAF bombers .
If Wilson and Downing Street had been destroyed by a bolt - from - the - blue , Healey would have had to take the retaliation decision .
What would he have done ?
Lord Healey : ' I would not have retaliated '
Sitting in his sun-filled conservatory , overlooking the South Downs , he was clear : he would not have retaliated .
‘ I would have said that there is no reason for doing something like that .
Because most of the people you kill would be innocent civilians . ’
It as an extraordinary admission , not least because in those days , of course , the threat of all - out nuclear war felt far more real .
Today , it is a more remote possibility .
But it is still a possibility .
Two years ago , Tony Blair took the decision to press ahead with a replacement programme for Trident , at a cost of between £ 15 billion and £ 20 billion , when the current submarines go out of commission in 2024 .
Which means that for the foreseeable future , someone , one day , might yet have to make that ultimate decision to retaliate .
Were the order to fire to be given from a still - functioning government , it would come to CTF 345 , a bunker known as ‘ The Hole ’ at the Northwood facility in Middlesex .
There , inside a perimeter of intense security , a small group of Naval officers sit waiting for that unlikely communication .
We went to CTF 345 , the first journalists ever to visit , to meet those men .
They are , like their colleagues in Vanguard , quietly efficient , businesslike and matter - of - fact .
They explained that the heavily encrypted message arrives on a computer from wherever the Prime Minister had issued it — which would most probably be the Government Emergency Room in a bunker deep beneath the MoD in Whitehall .
The officers then collect codes from two safes attached to the far wall of the ops room .
Those safes are monitored constantly , via CCTV , by Royal Marines .
If anyone approaches them who is not properly authorised to do so , the Marines will storm the room with weapons ready .
The officers of CTF 345 showed us how they would , in pairs , authenticate the message and , finally , put it on to the transmission system for communication to the submarine on patrol , together with the encrypted coordinates of the designated target .
Three minutes to fire
The whole process takes minutes .
In other words , in less time than it will take for you to read this article , the ultimate weapon of war — wherever it is — can be brought to action stations and authorised to fire .
In HMS Vanguard the exercise is reaching its climax .
The executive officer brings the submarine to its ‘ hover ’ position , closer to the surface but still submerged , which is the position for launch .
The captain takes his place in the control room and the weapons engineering officer goes to the missile centre .
‘ WEO in the missile control centre , clocks ! ’ he shouts .
‘ Check . ’
‘ Stand by RT . ’
‘ Check . ’
‘ Target package has been shifted , we ’re on the active target package , gained access to the safes , missiles spinning up . ’
‘ Roger , ’ says the WEO , ‘ I have the system . ’
The weapons engineering officer then takes the trigger that will fire the missiles from a small safe above his console .
It ’s the handle of a Colt 45 pistol ( the Trident system is an American design ) with a wire running from its butt .
His men are studying screens and complex controls .
The mood is one of intense concentration .
‘ Command WEO weapons system in Condition One SQ for strategic launch . ’
The captain ’s voice comes over the loudspeaker .
‘ The WEO has my permission to fire . ’
‘ Supervisor WEO , initiate fire one . ’
And then the weapons engineering officer squeezes the trigger to the most devastating weapon ever devised .
It clicks softly .
‘ One away , ’ he says — and with that the missile would be gone .
It can not be destroyed inflight .
It will travel too far , too fast for there to be any hope of interception .
Once you hear that click , as one senior submariner told us , ‘ you ’re no more than 30 minutes from the end of the world ’ .
■ The Human Button will be broadcast on Tuesday at 8 pm on BBC Radio 4 , and
repeated on Sunday , December 7 at 5 pm .
Voltaire dominated the discourse of his era .
In his writing , he left virtually no subject untouched .
Voltaire wrote on subjects as distinct as metaphysics and politics , and he circulated nearly as many books of history as he did books of political theory .
Common themes pervade his work : liberty , progress , and equality are discussed at length and in depth in many of Voltaire ’s books and pamphlets .
In short , Voltaire greatly influenced the direction of European thought in the 18th century .
Although he died in 1778 , he is often credited as being an architect of the Revolution of 1789 .
Voltaire believed above all in the efficacy of reason .
He believed social progress could be achieved through reason and that no authority — religious or political or otherwise — should be immune to challenge by reason .
He emphasized in his work the importance of tolerance , especially religious tolerance .
In the Lettres philosophiques , Voltaire discussed the effects and benefits of religious tolerance .
Voltaire was a versatile and prolific writer .
In his lifetime he published numerous works , including books , plays , poems , and polemics .
His most famous works included the fictitious Lettres philosophiques ( 1734 ) and the satirical novel Candide ( 1759 ) .
The former — a series of essays on English government and society — was a landmark in the history of thought .
Today it is considered one of the great monuments of French literature .
Voltaire ’s Candide is similarly lauded .
“ Voltaire ” is the pen name under which French author - philosopher François - Marie Arouet published a number of books and pamphlets in the 18th century .
He was a key figure in the European intellectual movement known as the Enlightenment .
Voltaire was quite controversial in his day , in no small part because of the critical nature of his work .
His books and pamphlets contained scores of assaults on church authority and clerical power .
They criticized French political institutions too , and many incorporated elaborate defenses of civil liberty .
Voltaire ’s ideas ultimately found expression in the French and American revolutions .
Voltaire , pseudonym of François - Marie Arouet , ( born November 21 , 1694 , Paris , France — died May 30 , 1778 , Paris ) , one of the greatest of all French writers .
Although only a few of his works are still read , he continues to be held in worldwide repute as a courageous crusader against tyranny , bigotry , and cruelty .
Through its critical capacity , wit , and satire , Voltaire ’s work vigorously propagates an ideal of progress to which people of all nations have remained responsive .
His long life spanned the last years of classicism and the eve of the revolutionary era , and during this age of transition his works and activities influenced the direction taken by European civilization .
Heritage and youth
Voltaire ’s background was middle class .
According to his birth certificate he was born on November 21 , 1694 , but the hypothesis that his birth was kept secret cannot be dismissed , for he stated on several occasions that in fact it took place on February 20 .
He believed that he was the son of an officer named Rochebrune , who was also a songwriter .
He had no love for either his putative father , François Arouet , a onetime notary who later became receiver in the Cour des Comptes ( audit office ) , or his elder brother Armand .
Almost nothing is known about his mother , of whom he hardly said anything .
Having lost her when he was seven , he seems to have become an early rebel against family authority .
He attached himself to his godfather , the abbé de Châteauneuf , a freethinker and an epicurean who presented the boy to the famous courtesan Ninon de Lenclos when she was in her 84th year .
It is doubtless that he owed his positive outlook and his sense of reality to his bourgeois origins .
He attended the Jesuit college of Louis - le - Grand in Paris , where he learned to love literature , the theatre , and social life .
While he appreciated the classical taste the college instilled in him , the religious instruction of the fathers served only to arouse his skepticism and mockery .
He witnessed the last sad years of Louis XIV and was never to forget the distress and the military disasters of 1709 nor the horrors of religious persecution .
He retained , however , a degree of admiration for the sovereign , and he remained convinced that the enlightened kings are the indispensable agents of progress .
He decided against the study of law after he left college .
Employed as secretary at the French embassy in The Hague , he became infatuated with the daughter of an adventurer .
Fearing scandal , the French ambassador sent him back to Paris .
Despite his father ’s wishes , he wanted to devote himself wholly to literature , and he frequented the Temple , then the centre of freethinking society .
After the death of Louis XIV , under the morally relaxed Regency , Voltaire became the wit of Parisian society , and his epigrams were widely quoted .
But when he dared to mock the dissolute regent , the duc d’Orléans , he was banished from Paris and then imprisoned in the Bastille for nearly a year ( 1717 ) .
Behind his cheerful facade , he was fundamentally serious and set himself to learn the accepted literary forms .
In 1718 , after the success of Oedipe , the first of his tragedies , he was acclaimed as the successor of the great classical dramatist Jean Racine and thenceforward adopted the name of Voltaire .
The origin of this pen name remains doubtful .
It is not certain that it is the anagram of Arouet le jeune ( i.e. , the younger ) .
Above all he desired to be the Virgil that France had never known .
He worked at an epic poem whose hero was Henry IV , the king beloved by the French people for having put an end to the wars of religion .
This Henriade is spoiled by its pedantic imitation of Virgil ’s Aeneid , but his contemporaries saw only the generous ideal of tolerance that inspired the poem .
These literary triumphs earned him a pension from the regent and the warm approval of the young queen , Marie .
He thus began his career of court poet .
Get exclusive access to content from our 1768 First Edition with your subscription .
Subscribe today
United with other thinkers of his day — literary men and scientists — in the belief in the efficacy of reason , Voltaire was a philosophe , as the 18th century termed it .
In the salons , he professed an aggressive Deism , which scandalized the devout .
He became interested in England , the country that tolerated freedom of thought ; he visited the Tory leader Viscount Bolingbroke , exiled in France — a politician , an orator , and a philosopher whom Voltaire admired to the point of comparing him to Cicero .
On Bolingbroke ’s advice he learned English in order to read the philosophical works of John Locke .
His intellectual development was furthered by an accident : as the result of a quarrel with a member of one of the leading French families , the chevalier de Rohan , who had made fun of his adopted name , he was beaten up , taken to the Bastille , and then conducted to Calais on May 5 , 1726 , whence he set out for London .
His destiny was now exile and opposition .
JERUSALEM  A secular , hawkish entrepreneur on Tuesday defeated an ultra-Orthodox , equally hawkish member of Parliament in a hotly contested race for mayor of Jerusalem , according to results announced early Wednesday .
As usual , the election was largely boycotted by Palestinians , who comprise a third of the city ’s population .
The secular entrepreneur , Nir Barkat , 49 , a self - made high - tech millionaire , has raised expectations in Jerusalem , the troubled capital and a city highly symbolic and holy to Muslims , Christians and Jews .
He has pledged to revitalize and significantly develop the city , Israel ’s poorest , and has said he would like to multiply the number of tourists visiting here from one or two million a year to 10 million .
Some left - leaning Jerusalem residents have questioned how likely he is to achieve such goals without a political solution for the divided city that would involve the kind of compromises that Mr. Barkat rejects .
Ginger Hurley could not have picked Sarah Palin out of a sea of hockey moms when she vacationed in Alaska this June .
For 10 days , Hurley fished and kayaked .
She took a " flightseeing " excursion over Mount McKinley and a harbor cruise around the glaciers .
She even picked up a few T - shirts .
She did not visit the governor 's mansion .
But by October , the association between the state and its governor , the Republican vice - presidential candidate , was so strong it nearly kept Hurley out of the voting booth .
The 40 - year - old Houston Realtor was wearing one of her souvenir T - shirts when she went to cast her ballot at a Cypress polling place Oct. 26 .
A poll worker told her she would have to change the shirt if she wanted to vote .
Hurley , who votes in every election , is familiar with poll site etiquette .
She knows not to wear campaign paraphernalia .
She 's never run into trouble before .
What , she asked , was wrong with her light blue cotton T - shirt , emblazoned with a moose head , fishing poles , and the words " Seward , Alaska " ?
The word " Alaska , " a poll worker answered .
" She said it could be misconstrued as support for a candidate , " Hurley said .
She argued with the poll worker , but neither one backed down .
The worker told Hurley she could go into the bathroom and flip her shirt inside - out .
She even offered duct tape to cover the offending word .
Hurley refused .
Finally , outraged , she stormed out of the polling place .
" I could n't believe she would n't let me vote because of my vacation T - shirt , " Hurley said this week .
" Every time I talk about it , my blood boils . "
Cooler heads prevailed in the parking lot , and a campaign volunteer urged Hurley to check with the precinct judge overseeing the polling site .
The judge took a look at the shirt and let her vote .
She did n't even need duct tape .
But Hurley said she felt unnecessarily harassed by the poll worker .
Hurley did vote for the candidate from Alaska , but she said that had nothing to do with her choice of attire .
" I felt like I was being singled out , " she said .
" I do n't think they would have given it a second look if it were a Delaware T - shirt . "
The Harris County clerk has not received any other complaints like Hurley 's , said spokesman Hector de Leon .
In an election as charged as today 's , he said , poll workers may be oversensitive to the rigors of the state 's election code , which prohibit campaign clothing and buttons within 100 feet of a polling place .
" It sounds like this went beyond the letter of the law , but it probably was in the spirit of the law , " de Leon said .
" In this election , there 's a high level of awareness of who the candidates are and where they 're from . "
The law is meant to keep polling places neutral , to maintain order , and to prevent voters from feeling like they 're being pressured as they cast their ballots , he said .
Most voters know the rules and dress accordingly ; those who do n't typically change or cover the clothing without argument .
Another voted in her bra
During early voting , the clerk 's office got a report of a woman who showed up to a polling place in west Harris County wearing an Obama T - shirt .
She was told she could cover the shirt up , turn it inside out , or not wear it .
She chose not to wear it , and voted in her bra .
De Leon could not say whether the polling places had a " no shirt , no shoes , no service " policy .
County leaders for both the major political parties agreed that Hurley 's treatment seemed unjust .
It 's the kind of thing poll watchers will be looking out for today , said Jared Woodfill , chairman of the Harris County Republican Party , which will have close to 1,000 members posted at polling sites countywide .
" Next thing you know , people are going to be kicked out for wearing Arizona shirts , " he said .
" Obviously , this poll worker was not educated in polling law . "
Poll workers undergo training by the clerk 's office , but the training does not go into great depth regarding what should be considered campaign clothing .
" It should be pretty obvious , " Woodfill said .
" It 's not much of a gray area . "
While Hurley was ultimately able to vote without removing her shirt , she worries that a broad interpretation of the law may have prevailed at her polling place .
Friends who voted at the same site during the second week of early voting told her they saw a handwritten sign at the entrance .
It outlined a ban on clothing that named any of the candidates ' home states : Illinois , Arizona , Delaware or Alaska .
jennifer.latson@chron.com
9/11 Blogger
Thursday , November 27 , 2008
“ All truth passes through three stages .
First , it is ridiculed .
Second , it is violently opposed .
Third , it is accepted as being self - evident . ” – Arthur Schopenhauer
Xbox Live is an online multiplayer gaming and digital media delivery service created and operated by Microsoft Corporation .
They refer this platform as “ the Ultimate Broadband Gaming Experience , ” accessible on the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles .
After reaching 10 Million users , I decided to change my GamerTag ( GT ) to disseminate 9/11 truth to the console gaming world .
About a a month ago , I changed my GT to www911TRUTHorg .
Utilizing the headset , every time I entered a new game lobby I spoke to the other users in the “ room ” about the 9/11 Truth Movement .
The responses varied : most people ridiculed or mocked the GT , while the others either commented with approval / praise , or said nothing at all .
Either way , BOTH the nay - sayers and fellow truthers listened to what I had to say .
In fact , many times the conversation of the game would revolve entirely around 9/11 , the Global War on Terror , corporate war profiteering , the destruction of our civil liberties , etc …
It was a great method of cyber- activism , until Microsoft caught on !
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A week ago , this message popped up as I attempted to login on the Xbox.com website :
Expecting this , I quickly referred to the Terms of Use :
“ How You May Not Use the Service .
-use the Service for commercial purposes ( except as expressly permitted by us ) ; ”
I assumed Microsoft considered this “ advertising , ” even though 911 Truth.org is a non-profit , educational corporation .
I then proceeded to change my GT to x911 False Flag , ditching the website alias .
Within 24 hours :
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Digging deeper into the Terms of Use , I find :
“- use the Service in a way that harms us or our advertisers , affiliates , resellers , distributors , or vendors , or any customer of ours or our advertisers , affiliates , resellers , distributors , or vendors ; ”
As well as :
“ In addition , your use of the Service is subject to your compliance with the Code of Conduct .
You agree that we may also discontinue your access to the Service if you do any of the following while connected to the Service :
- Publish , distribute , or disseminate any inappropriate , profane , defamatory , infringing , obscene , indecent , or unlawful content , topic , name , material , file , or information ;
- Create a Gamertag , avatar or use text in other profile fields that may offend other members .
This includes comments that look , sound like , stand for , hint at , abbreviate , or insinuate or relate to any of the following : profane words / phrases , topics or content of a sexual nature , hate speech ( including but not limited to racial , ethnic , or religious slurs ) , illegal drugs / controlled substances , or illegal activities ; ”
Sept11 FalseFlag was then created .
This new GT seemed to be OK with everything for a few days , until this message today , 11/26/08 :
When is this censoring going to stop ?
Are they going to censor everyone ?
Other dissenting GamerTags in the XBOX Live online gaming arena include : “ ae911truth org ” “ loosechange911 ” “ WEareCHANGE ”
“ GOOGLE 911TRUTH ” “ Question911 ” and “ Inside Job ”
Assuming they would prefer me to change my GT back to something more ignorant ( thus , acceptable ) , I decided to respond to this censoring :
Although only a matter of time before it is required for me to change my GT yet again , I ’m here to tell Microsoft :
The truth will never be silenced .
This article was posted : Thursday , November 27 , 2008 at 11:31 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Elizabeth Holmes reports from Cincinnati , Ohio , on the presidential race .
John McCain said Wednesday all he could do “ is laugh ” at the criticism leveled by Colin Powell on his economic policies and said he “ had to ” vote in favor of the $ 700 billion federal bailout package .
During an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , the Republican [… ]
A few examples of conservative talking heads blaming the crisis on minorities are after the jump .
They 're hoping the general equation many Americans operate under , " White = Safe , " will prevent closer examination of the problem .
Because it 's just such a complicated financial skigamadoo , some people might actually fall for Michelle Malkin , Neil Cavuto , and The National Review saying that it's all really just the fault of dangerous minorities .
The very last thing they want the American people to see right now is that a bunch of rich , mostly - white people got together and worked the system so cynically and for so long that now they 're asking for a $ 700 billion hand - out to put the cherry on top of their epoch - making hustle .
So they 'll search for someone else to blame and hope it sticks .
This should n't be entirely unexpected , since every time there 's a major problem conservatives find some way to blame it on a certain ethnic , racial , or religious group .
Now they 're looking for any minority to blame for what 's really the absolute failure of their economic policy .
Here 's Michelle Malkin , blaming it on Hispanics because they just did n't pay their mortgages :
The Mother of All Bailouts has many fathers .
As panicked politicians prepare to fork over $ 1 trillion in taxpayer funding to rescue the financial industry , they 've fingered regulation , deregulation , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the Community Reinvestment Act , Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton , both Bushes , greedy banks , greedy borrowers , greedy short - sellers , and minority home ownership mau-mauers ( ca n't call 'em greedy , that would be racist ) for blame .
But there 's one giant paternal elephant in the room that has slipped notice : how illegal immigration , crime - enabling banks , and open - borders Bush policies fueled the mortgage crisis .
It 's no coincidence that most of the areas hardest hit by the foreclosure wave -- Loudoun County , Va. , California 's Inland Empire , Stockton and San Joaquin Valley , and Las Vegas and Phoenix , for starters -- also happen to be some of the nation 's largest illegal - alien sanctuaries .
Half of the mortgages to Hispanics are subprime ( the accursed species of loan to borrowers with the shadiest credit histories ) .
A quarter of all those subprime loans are in default and foreclosure .
Yes , the problem is all those goddamn illegals crossing the border and building McMansions in the exurbs .
The whole article is a piece of work .
Like a complete racist , she does n't know the difference between undocumented immigrants , Mexican Americans , and Hispanics .
She slips between them , because of course every Hispanic in America is undocumented and comes from Mexico .
Mark Krikorian , over at The National Review , takes another tack in blaming Hispanics : Washington Mutual went under because it hired too many .
Here 's Glenn Greenwald commenting :
National Review's Mark Krikorian notes that ( 1 ) Washington Mutual became the largest bank to fail in American history yesterday and ( 2 ) its last press release touted the fact that it was named one of America 's most diverse employers , having been " honored specifically for its efforts to recruit Hispanic employees , reach out to Hispanic consumers and support Hispanic communities and organizations " ; for being " named [ one of ] the top 60 companies for Hispanics " ; for " attaining equal rights for GLBT employees and consumers " ; for having " earned points for competitive diversity policies and programs , including the recently established Latino , African American and GLBT employee network groups " ; and for being " named one of 25 Noteworthy Companies by Diversity Inc magazine and one of the Top 50 Corporations for Supplier Diversity by Hispanic Enterprise magazine . "
While juxtaposing these two facts -- ( 1 ) WaMu has a racially and ethnically diverse workforce and ( 2 ) WaMu collapsed yesterday -- the National Review writer headlined his post : " Cause and Effect ? "
He apparently believes that the reason Washington Mutual failed may be because it employed and was too accommodating to large numbers of Hispanics , African - Americans and gays .
And here 's Neil Cavuto , chastising Congressman Xavier Becerra because Congress did n't warn lending agencies not to give money to " minorities and risky folks " :
i Phone users : Click to watch
Rupert Mudoch 's Wall Street Journal took a similar position , except it went on , at - length , blaming Congress 's penchant for " affordable housing . "
It 's a bit more abstract , but the op-ed is definitely borrowing the language of white resentment that surrounds affirmative action programs :
If they were not making mortgages cheaper and were creating risks for the taxpayers and the economy , what value were they providing ?
The answer was their affordable - housing mission .
So it was that , beginning in 2004 , their portfolios of subprime and Alt - A loans and securities began to grow .
Subprime and Alt - A originations in the U.S. rose from less than 8 % of all mortgages in 2003 to over 20 % in 2006 .
During this period the quality of subprime loans also declined , going from fixed rate , long - term amortizing loans to loans with low down payments and low ( but adjustable ) initial rates , indicating that originators were scraping the bottom of the barrel to find product for buyers like the GSEs .
The strategy of presenting themselves to Congress as the champions of affordable housing appears to have worked .
Fannie and Freddie retained the support of many in Congress , particularly Democrats , and they were allowed to continue unrestrained .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D. , Mass ) , for example , now the chair of the House Financial Services Committee , openly described the " arrangement " with the GSEs at a committee hearing on GSE reform in 2003 : " Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have played a very useful role in helping to make housing more affordable . . . a mission that this Congress has given them in return for some of the arrangements which are of some benefit to them to focus on affordable housing . "
The hint to Fannie and Freddie was obvious : Concentrate on affordable housing and , despite your problems , your congressional support is secure .
Rick Perlstein identifies the notion of blaming Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae for this crisis as racist .
It makes sense , considering that even if they did n't exist , we 'd still be in this mess .
But conservatives are rallying around blaming two firms that served minority clients .
Then again , in an even more abstract sense , the way the solution to this crisis is being posited is racist and classist in and of itself .
After years of denying basic funding to programs that help out lower - income folks , saying again and again that they were too expensive and that the people receiving them could n't be trusted , Henry Paulson is asking for $ 700 billion to effectively give to a small group of people who are rich and mostly white and have proven themselves to be completely irresponsible with money .
And what 's the reaction from the same people who can't be bothered to enact a food stamps program for fear that that money will get " wasted " on lobster ( imagery of fictional welfare queens comes to mind ) ?
It may not seem this way , but Americans are a lucky people .
Last week , we did our best to destroy the financial system but somehow came through it .
This week , Congress will have only 72 hours to ruin the Treasury 's $ 700 billion mortgage plan before it recesses .
If our luck holds , Hank Paulson will get the extraordinary authority he seeks .
If we are really lucky , Paulson may actually fix the mess we have made .
So why not give him whatever he needs ?
Of course , it is easy to be outraged by the Treasury 's bail - out proposal .
Lots of money .
Lots of power .
Naked , ugly dictatorial power .
" Decisions by the Treasury pursuant to the Authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency . "
Such language could have been drafted by any Third World caudillo .
But it was n't .
It was drafted by U.S. Treasury lawyers at the behest of the Secretary of the Treasury .
And Paulson is n't any Secretary of the Treasury .
He does n't need power .
And he certainly does n't need money .
Of course , he is n't a saint or Superman .
He is awkward and an awful public speaker .
But he is the one man that can serve as an honest broker between the banks and the taxpayers - between Wall Street and Washington .
He can do the right thing for the country .
How many other people on Wall Street or Washington can we say that about ?
Well , we could say it about all of them , again and again , if we wanted to .
That 's the right - wing response to someone who 's proven that he does n't understand the current financial crisis asking for money to just hand out to a bunch of rich , mostly white men who 've proven that they can't handle .
Compare the fact that the bailout is supposed to be instituted with no judicial or Congressional review with this story from a few days ago ( keep in mind that food stamp spending projected for 2008 is about 5 % that of the proposed bailout ) :
The Michigan attorney general 's office has announced 22 arrests in connection with an investigation of food stamp trafficking in Detroit .
The raid of nine gas stations and convenience stores resulted in the recovery of more than $ 100,000 .
Attorney General Mike Cox announced the arrests today .
He says the yearlong probe uncovered that food stamp benefits were being exchanged for cash .
State and federal authorities worked on the investigation .
Both store owners and employees face charges ranging from racketeering to conspiracy .
Some face up to 20 years in prison if they 're convicted .
I wonder how many businesses will be raided to prevent any fraud when it comes to the bailout !
It 's insane how the business class , after building decades of distrust towards those who receive relatively minuscule amounts of money from social programming , is asking us to simply trust Paulson and these bankers .
The difference is n't just class privilege , but white privilege , considering how imagery surrounding welfare reform constantly drifted off into racial territory .
According to Republican strategist Lee Atwater , the right - wing point of view on social spending actually started on racial lines :
You start out in 1954 by saying , " Nigger , nigger , nigger . "
By 1968 you can't say " nigger " - that hurts you .
Backfires .
So you say stuff like forced busing , states ' rights and all that stuff .
You 're getting so abstract now [ that ] you 're talking about cutting taxes , and all these things you 're talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is [ that ] blacks get hurt worse than whites .
And subconsciously maybe that is part of it .
I 'm not saying that .
But I 'm saying that if it is getting that abstract , and that coded , that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other .
You follow me - because obviously sitting around saying , " We want to cut this , " is much more abstract than even the busing thing , and a hell of a lot more abstract than " Nigger , nigger . "
All that white privilege that Wall Street bankers are trading in right now makes the fact that conservatives are looking for some way to pin this all on minorities even more sick .
Besides that , pinning the blame on borrowers is just another distraction .
Sorry , if a bank gives out a loan to someone they know wo n't be able to pay back because they know they 'll get a profit by selling that loan in a bond and then selling credit default swaps on it , it 's the bank 's fault .
They said they should n't be regulated because they could handle it themselves , so this is either their own problem to fix or we admit that they can't be left with so little regulation and that they 're too important to the economy to be left to their own devices .
But that does n't help the wealthy people who profited from this mess , so they search for a scapegoat .
I do n't know if we 're going to go down that path in America .
Considering what happened when other economic crises in history got blamed on a minority , it 's not going to be pretty if we do .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
A federal judge on Saturday ordered Dick Cheney to preserve a wide range of records from his time as vice president .
The decision by the judge , Colleen Kollar - Kotelly , is a setback for the Bush administration in its effort to promote a narrow definition of materials that must be safeguarded under the Presidential Records Act .
The Bush administration ’s legal position “ heightens the court ’s concern ” that some records might not be preserved , Judge Kollar - Kotelly said .
A private group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , is suing Mr. Cheney and the Executive Office of the President to ensure that no presidential records are destroyed or handled in a way that makes them unavailable to the public .
Four and a half years sounds like a long time to keep a secret – especially a sexual one .
Yet last month saw the publication by Orion of the third book under the pseudonym " Belle de Jour " .
The true name of the former London " escort " , cult blogger and then bestselling author remains as much of a mystery as in spring 2004 .
Then , every columnist hazarded a wild guess at the identity of the well - read graduate whore ( her preferred term ) behind the mask .
No longer presented as a journal of actual encounters , Playing the Game carries the simple rubric : " a novel " .
Its creator keeps up the claims to verisimilitude that have helped sell more than 350,000 UK copies of two books about the " intimate adventures of a London call - girl " .
She invites readers to treat this first - person fiction about a former sex worker 's mixed fortunes in civvy street as " a parallel universe for Belle and her mates " .
Then , in an email interview with Mark Lawson for Radio 4's Front Row , she changed her position once again to assert that " about 75 per cent of the new book is also true " .
Talk about having it all ways .
Starting in that remote era when newspapers not only had to gloss ( or gloss over ) Belle 's more specialised services but also explain what a " web-log " or " blog " might be , the who - is - she ?
speculation thrust a stadium - full of improbable candidates into the limelight .
Could Belle be Mil Millington , the columnist and novelist who apparently eased her passage into the company of loyal and tight - lipped agent Patrick Walsh , and publisher Helen Garnons - Williams ?
Or the historian Lisa Hilton – or the novelist Sarah Champion – or punk - fiction provocateur Stewart Home – or the louche literatteur Christopher Hart – or the upscale chick - lit queen Isabel Wolff – or even the ubiquitous editrice Rowan Pelling and all the ( now retired ) gang at The Erotic Review .
The line , to adapt Macbeth , stretched out at least until the crack of doom .
But " none of the above " would seem to be the safest answer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fingered contenders for possession of Belle 's lingerie wardrobe duly said their piece , and the media caravan rolled on .
That journal of record The Times consulted an American " literary detective " who read the stylistic runes and then felt the collar of proud Mancunian Sarah Champion .
Over two pages , as Champion later wrote , The Thunderer falsely told its readers that " I was either a fraud or a whore " .
On the contrary : " Far from a predilection for manicures , Gucci and French affectations , many will testify to my dedication to trainers , pints and northern slang . "
Stewart Home , the mischief - making Irvine Welsh of Hackney , and a rather more credible candidate for the role of Belle 's progenitor , spoke for many critics of the cult .
He asked " why the chattering classes prefer fixating on the identity of a latter - day ' Happy Hooker ' to examining the economic realities that force many women into this ' profession ' ? " .
The frantic quest to " unmask " Belle as some well - connected jester in Soho or Bloomsbury told us a lot about the mindset of the media types who joined the hunt .
They all assumed that any author who quoted so freely and fluently from classic fiction , and commanded such a sophisticated blend of irony , empathy and rather elegant smut , must surely boast a more respectable career ( as a hedge - fund broker , derivatives trader or chairman of a high - street bank , perhaps ? ) than turning well - remunerated tricks for the middle - aged refugees from hearth and home or hyperactive young guns on the make whom she wrote about so shrewdly .
I do n't suppose that gossip writers read much Maya Angelou , but in the second volume of her autobiography – Gather Together In My Name – that feminist icon explains that she fell in love with Dostoyevsky and the Russian classics just as she drifted for a while into casual prostitution in California .
One of Belle 's posts invites us to reflect on the great medieval philosopher and " Think of Occam 's razor : the principle of parsimony .
What would be simpler – that I am who I say I am , or that I am a famous author living a double life ? " .
I knew that Belle was the real thing ( in one respect ) when I asked her to choose a favourite book for The Independent 's " Book of a Lifetime " column just as the first book of the blog – The Intimate Adventures of a London Call - Girl – appeared in autumn 2005 .
She emailed one , perfectly sound piece about a set - text English classic .
Then she decided to replace it with another : a tribute to Stendhal 's landmark novel of cocksure male adventuring , Le Rouge et le Noir , and its hero Julien Sorel : " not a transparent collection of ideologies , not a symbol , but a real , breathing human " .
These read like the second thoughts of a proper writer , not a collective PR stunt .
Even if Belle were to be unveiled today as a senior publishing editor from Camberwell who cackled into her New Zealand sauvignon as , thanks to this lucrative persona , she booked the family into a Renaissance villa in Tuscany rather than a camp - site in Brittany , that judgement would still stand .
The hooker - or - hoaxer ?
squabble will rumble pointlessly on .
Liz Miller of the literary website Bookslut points out that the blog has continued far beyond the escort - agency stint that spawned it .
Since ( thanks to dramatist Lucy Prebble ) Belle morphed into Billie Piper for the ITV2 adaptations , she can now comment in pure postmodern vein on her telly incarnation .
Mostly , she approves .
For Miller , this long afterlife hints at authenticity : " I can see someone faking the blog of a prostitute – but the blog of an ex-prostitute ?
There have to be better ways to spend your time . "
But authenticity is never the whole point – neither in commercial sex , which must always be a masquerade , nor in the very long tradition of spinning yarns about it .
Belle belongs in genre of sell - and - tell confessions – genuine , faked or intriguingly in - between – that date back at least to the lubricious literature of the early Roman Empire .
Of course , literary genres follow their own arbitrary rules – just like Belle 's own artfully stage - managed episodes .
Readers will know , as she plainly does , about the grim street - level data of addiction , abuse , exploitation and – at the very worst – human trafficking , all festering far below her deftly lined and shadowed eyes .
You might argue that the polished escapades of Inspector Morse and Commander Bond have little obvious connection with the squalid and wearying grind of detective and intelligence routines , either .
But Belle 's skill in remodelling an existing genre proves nothing one way or another about her previous career .
As she correctly notes , " My books are mass - market ...
Which means , in a nutshell , they 're edited .
I have an editor ( formerly the Fabulous Helen [ Garnons - Williams ] , now the fabulous Genevieve [ Pegg ] ) and a copy editor whose tasks are to make certain not only that each ' I ' is dotted and 't ' crossed , but also that the content is comprehensible to my audience – which , judging from the feedback , is a very general one . "
All mainstream writers , whatever the autobiographical percentage of their output , nip and tuck their tale to suit a chosen convention .
This is the dark truth about that flogging of collective fantasy that goes by the name of popular publishing .
So the single thing we know for sure about Belle is that she is a real writer .
Alas , Playing the Game begins to disappoint on this score .
Overt fiction sends her too far down the chick - lit , bad - dates road , and threatens to dumb down her peerlessly piquant voice .
In the novel , her fictional alter ego – or alter - alter ego , perhaps – attempts the nine - to - five : " a civilian now , like everyone else " .
Predictably , she loathes office trivia and – after moving in and splitting up with on - off paramour " the Boy " – considers the option of a timeworn halfway house between straight work and sex work : as kept mistress to a wealthy " Silver Fox " .
The plot , however , tiptoes down Banality Boulevard , with far too much standard - issue single - versus - hitched introspection , a succession of nightmare almost - boyfriends , and a trouble - at - work sub - plot that 's annoyingly vague about the business involved .
The bracing clarity of her orifice politics does not extend to office politics .
Here , her talent and attention sometimes seem otherwise engaged .
So one hangs on for the sporadic orgasm of the Belle epigram , as when she massages TS Eliot 's " Cruellest month " into a harder form : " April , herpes , and Cliff Richard : like it or not , they always find a way back . "
One can still read this ex-call girl 's fabrication simply for its by - blows of literary criticism and allusion .
She scatters opprobrium over the oeuvres of Leon Uris , Terry Pratchett , Patrick O'Brian and even ( I'm afraid ) Paul Auster .
Her cultural heroes include the much - missed Scottish maverick poet - performer Ivor Cutler .
Now , who would bother to make that detail up to fit a fictitious retired harlot ?
Well , I suppose , Stewart Home might .
On page 71 , by the way , Belle quotes Philip Larkin 's " Dockery and Son " without attributing the lines .
And she avoids the cliché citation from that poem : " Life is first boredom , then fear . "
Pure class .
Larkin 's presence signals that solitude as much as sex propels these books .
( Incidentally , does Belle know that in his lustful but tormented youth the poet penned salacious girls '- school novellas under the draggy pseudonym of " Brunette Coleman " ?
I hope so ; she 'd enjoy them . )
In the saddest passage of Playing the Game , Belle 's prickly disbelief in any lasting togetherness picks up an almost existential heft : " you arrive alone ; you leave alone and soul mates and all that crap be damned .
Inside your head you live alone . "
Against that abyss of solitude , Belle relishes the passing company of her tricks .
She comes across as a comrade ; a fellow - soldier in the battle of life .
She mocks women 's glossy magazines , deeply bored by media - dictated girly topics despite the professional armoury of scanties , frocks and maquillage she has to command .
Her clients arrive as confused tourists from " the world of reason " where they rule , wounded by the other domain of feelings that seems " as foreign as a franc " .
She does what she can to help : " I liked these men .
I understood these men .
They were my people . "
One of the less obvious attractions of these books is that they voice a curious longing for male - female solidarity ( not the same as intimacy , of course ) at a time when Mars - versus - Venus platitudes about the unbridgeable gulf between the sexes flood mass - market culture .
In print , Belle does post - coital camaraderie almost better than anything that comes before .
When the first Adventures proved not merely a succès de scandale but a palpable chart hit , Belle bred a host of horizontal wannabes .
Inside a few months , a dozen publishers seemed to have picked up their house tart , supposedly real or frankly fictional .
However close or distant their relationship with truth , the " memoirs " of the madam , the mistress or the minx became a must - have accessory for every ambitious list .
Inevitably , most of these books sucked ( so to speak ) .
Still , that tide of tart - lit proved that periods of rising , unequally divided wealth , social upheaval and moral perplexities in fast - moving cities tend to nurture a lively literature of prostitution .
From the first - century Rome of Juvenal and Suetonius to the Georgian London of John Cleland 's " memoirs of a woman of pleasure " , Fanny Hill , to the Second Empire Paris of Dumas and Baudelaire , the fate of harlots high and low have shocked or stimulated readers who thrill to murky deeds in the wicked metropolis .
In English literature , the parade begins in earnest in 1722 , with Daniel Defoe 's Moll Flanders : " 12 year a whore , five times a wife ... 12 year a thief " , but who " at last grew rich , liv'd honest and died a penitent " .
With the claim that Moll 's life was " written from her own memorandums " , Defoe pioneered the marketing of the working girl 's confessions as documentary realism .
So common did the device of a male author ventriloquising the memoirs of a smart tart become ( Home tried it himself in Down and Out in Shoreditch and Hoxton ) that Belle , of course , looked like the latest episode in this centuries - long serial .
Whether battle - hardened businesswoman ( the Fanny Hill model ) or tragic victim of hypocrisy ( Romantic - era Traviatas ) , the literary whore has always had to mirror the urban vices of her time .
Typically ( and here Belle plays the traditional game with her sincere insistence on total insincerity ) , these involve a surrender of solid verities to the superficial allure of the facade and the performance .
In an era when anything goes , a glimpse of stocking – or basque , or thong – never hides a deeper reality .
What you see is all you get .
In such literature , the prostitute tells a truth about her glossy , glassy time that echoes far beyond the discreet bordello doors .
Etymologically , the word " meretricious " means " whorish " , after all .
In any society of gaudy spectacles , the figure of the sex - seller will have a starring role .
So , as a deluded London decade of high - financial trickery , gravity - defying debt , snake - oil and spin crashes to its end , we should probably be glad the bedroom professional who marked its zenith should have had so much wit ( and not a little heart ) about her .
If Belle had not – in some form – existed , then the age of leveraged buy - outs , credit default swaps and self - certified mortgages would have had to invent her .
But then , perhaps , it did .
Joe 's registration
Joe Wurzelbacher does n't immediately turn up in the Ohio voter registration database , leading to some speculation last night that he 's not registered to vote .
But the Toledo Blade reports that he appears to be registered , and a Republican primary voter at that :
Linda Howe , executive director of the Lucas County Board of Elections , said a Samuel Joseph Worzelbacher , whose address and age match Joe the Plumber ’s , registered in Lucas County on Sept. 10 , 1992 .
He voted in his first primary on March 4 , 2008 , registering as a Republican .
Ms. Howe said that the name may be misspelled in the database .
( This is , incidentally , the reason people worry about purging the voter rolls .
They 're such a mess to begin with . )
Cablevision Systems Corp. said Friday that it will pull the plug on its Voom HD Networks for U.S. markets in late January .
Voom , part of Cablevision 's Rainbow Media Holdings unit , offers 15 high - definition channels featuring its own programming , including fashion , animation and extreme sports .
The network is carried on Cablevision and , until last May , also was shown on satellite TV operator Dish Network Corp. , which owns 20 percent of Voom .
Cablevision said it would lay off employees because of Voom 's closing , but declined to be more specific .
Some staff will stay to handle Voom 's international operations .
Voom will continue to be distributed abroad , where it airs two high - definition channels .
Joshua Sapan , Rainbow 's chief executive , said in an internal memo that the decision to end Voom was prompted by Dish , formerly known as EchoStar .
" It became clear that we can no longer operate Voom domestically , particularly without EchoStar fulfilling its obligations and providing its support , " he said .
In May , Bethpage , N.Y. - based Cablevision sued Dish for $ 1 billion after the satellite TV company dropped Voom from its lineup .
Cablevision claims that Dish 's move violated a 15 - year agreement signed in 2005 .
Sapan said it will take at least a year to resolve the lawsuit .
A Dish spokeswoman declined to comment Friday on Voom .
Pali Capital analyst Richard Greenfield applauded the " final nail in Voom 's coffin . "
He said Cablevision acted in the best interest of shareholders by leaving money - losing businesses that were n't part of its core operations .
Greenfield said Cablevision has been obligated to spend at least $ 100 million a year on Voom with " minimal revenue from the channels . "
Cablevision said it will replace the Voom HD channels with other high - definition programming .
Shares of Cablevision rose by 10 cents to $ 15.21 while Dish rose by 74 cents , or nearly 7 percent , to $ 11.93 in afternoon trading .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In short order , these French pilgrims built houses , a mill and bakery , and apparently even managed to press some grapes into a few casks of wine .
At first , relationships with the local Timucuans were friendly , and some of the French settlers took native wives and soon acquired the habit of smoking a certain local “ herb . ”
Food , wine , women  and tobacco by the sea , no less .
A veritable Gallic paradise .
Image Credit ... Nathalie Lété
Except , that is , to the Spanish , who had other visions for the New World .
In 1565 , King Philip II of Spain issued orders to “ hang and burn the Lutherans ” ( then a Spanish catchall term for Protestants ) and dispatched Adm .
Pedro Menéndez to wipe out these French heretics who had taken up residence on land claimed by the Spanish  and who also had an annoying habit of attacking Spanish treasure ships as they sailed by .
Leading this holy war with a crusader ’s fervor , Menéndez established St. Augustine and ordered what local boosters claim is the first parish Mass celebrated in the future United States .
Then he engineered a murderous assault on Fort Caroline , in which most of the French settlers were massacred .
Menéndez had many of the survivors strung up under a sign that read , “ I do this not as to Frenchmen but as to heretics . ”
A few weeks later , he ordered the execution of more than 300 French shipwreck survivors at a site just south of St. Augustine , now marked by an inconspicuous national monument called Fort Matanzas , from the Spanish word for “ slaughters . ”
With this , America ’s first pilgrims disappeared from the pages of history .
Casualties of Europe ’s murderous religious wars , they fell victim to Anglophile historians who erased their existence as readily as they demoted the Spanish settlement of St. Augustine to second - class status behind the later English colonies in Jamestown and Plymouth .
But the truth can not be so easily buried .
Although overlooked , a brutal first chapter had been written in the most untidy history of a “ Christian nation . ”
And the sectarian violence and hatred that ended with the deaths of a few hundred Huguenots in 1565 would be replayed often in early America , the supposed haven for religious dissent , which in fact tolerated next to none .
About The Author Former editor in chief of Designinformer .
More about Jad Limcaco …
The Best Free Fonts for Designers
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
I ’ve been meaning to write this post but just have n’t had the time to do so .
I ’ve received several messages and emails asking me about fonts that I use on some of my design projects .
I have a pretty large font collection .
Some of them are paid , but a lot of them are free !
First of all , I suggest investing in some of the best typefaces out there but I also suggest that you take advantage of the free resources that can be found online .
I ’ve been meaning to write this post but just have n’t had the time to do so .
I ’ve received several messages and emails asking me about fonts that I use on some of my design projects .
I have a pretty large font collection .
Some of them are paid , but a lot of them are free !
First of all , I suggest investing in some of the best typefaces out there but I also suggest that you take advantage of the free resources that can be found online .
Anyway , I just want to share with you some of my favorite websites to obtain some high - quality typefaces that you can immediately start using on your projects .
By the way , a lot of the free fonts on these sites can also be used for @font - face implementation as well .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Download Free Fonts from These Websites
The League of Moveable Type
This website has a great collection of free fonts including League Gothic , which has really become popular .
I would suggest following them on Twitter or subscribing to their feed as well .
Lost Type I just recently stumbled upon this website and they have lots of great fonts that are available for download .
Although the fonts are free , I ’m sure they would love your support so maybe donate a few dollars to them .
Font Squirrel
This is a great website with tons of high - quality fonts that are mostly @font - face compatible .
You can also download their fonts as @font - face kits and they also have a @font - face generator .
This is definitely a great resource .
FontFabric
They have a great freebie section with lots of nice fonts to download .
DaFont
There are a lot of fonts on this site .
Sure , not all of them are the best quality , but I usually go to this site if I ’m looking for a font to use with a particular look or theme .
For example , if I wanted to use an Indiana Jones font or some other type of movie font , I would just do a search on this site .
Jos Buivenga has released an update for Anivers , a font which was originally designed to celebrate the first anniversary of Smashing Magazine .
Now the new improved Anivers has been expanded and Anivers Regular undergone a major update .
Changes : extended language support , improved glyph shapes and improved metrics and kerning .
Jos Buivenga has extended Anivers to the Anivers family which now comes in regular , italic , bold and small caps and has some nice OpenType features .
However , only Anivers regular is free .
To download the free Regular you have to register at MyFonts.com .
The rest of the family can be purchased on MyFonts .
Jos Buivenga has updated the old freefont Fertigo and has now called it Fertigo Pro. Fertigo Pro is still free .
Important changes are extended language support ( more than 150 glyphs added ) , improved glyph shapes , 10 added ornaments / dingbats and improved metrics and kerning .
Languages now ( fully ) supported : Latin , Central European , Croatian , Romanian , Icelandic , Turkish , Esperanto .
SIL International which has released Gentium few years ago , now released a modification of Gentium which is called Gentium Basic .
Gentium is a typeface family designed to enable the diverse ethnic groups around the world who use the Latin and Greek scripts to produce readable , high - quality publications .
It supports a wide range of Latin - based alphabets and includes glyphs that correspond to all the Latin ranges of Unicode .
Gentium Basic and Gentium Book Basic are font families based on the original Gentium design , but with additional weights .
The “ Book ” family is slightly heavier .
Both families come with a complete regular , bold , italic and bold italic set of fonts .
The supported character set , however , is much smaller than for the main Gentium fonts .
These “ Basic ” fonts support only the Basic Latin and Latin - 1 Supplement Unicode ranges , plus a selection of the more commonly used extended Latin characters , with miscellaneous diacritical marks , symbols and punctuation .
Designed by Victor Gaultney .
This script type literally impresses with its curves .
Freebooter Script can be used for packaging design or some projects in old - style .
Designed by Graham Meade , available in PC Type 1 , PC True Type and Mac Type 1 .
Designed by Graham Meada .
Conglomerfont is a free font created by Jay Hilgert ( BittBox ) and the design community from all over the world .
Jay asked people to send individual letters to his inbox , and I coagulated the submissions into a single font , hence the name , Conglomerfont .
Walkway is a large font family which consists of 31 font style , such as Rounded , SemiBold Reverse Oblique , Bold , Bold Reverse Oblique , Black , Black Reverse Oblique , UltraBold and further styles .
The typeface looks elegant and modest and can be used best for headlines .
Windows , Mac OS X , Linux .
Fancy “ hand - drawing ” typeface by Jonathan Paquette .
A quite distinctive typeface in which capital letters are the reflection of “ normal ” letters .
PC / Mac .
Free for personal use only .
A fresh , modern typeface coming in 7 weights — bold , bold extra , regular rounded , regular , regular oblique , light and light extra .
Commercial work containing this typeface must include the reference to the author ; personal projects do n’t necessary need to have a reference .
The advanced version of the font can be purchased .
This font is free to use for personal purposes only .
This version does n’t contain kerning , accented character and foreign currency symbols .
Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 License . TrueType ( .ttf ) .
A sans - serif typeface that includes old style ( hanging ) numbers , a number of english and non-english lettering , some additional symbols and complete punctuation .
This typeface is considered a Trial Version , in which certain letterforms have been replaced .
Available only for non-commercial use as .otf .
The advanced version of the font can be purchased .
This typeface is being released as a sort of “ beta , ” in which people might become accustomed to the typeface and also voice their opinions on its usability .
Luxi fonts are commonly found on free software operating systems , such as Linux .
They are the default fonts in Red Hat ’s Bluecurve theme .
This family includes Luxi Sans , a family of four sans - serif fonts , Luxi Serif , a family of four serif fonts and Luxi Mono , a family of four monospace fonts .
These fonts can be downloaded using OpenOffice.org ’s FontOOo wizard .
( via Chris Apalodimas )
By the way , if you are a web designer and if you are looking for some free fonts to use for @font - face implementation , then I suggest Font - Squirrel or the Google Fonts .
Revamped version of the 2004 one .
Now in OT with extended language support and OpenType features with alternates , ligatures , different styles of figures , etc .
You can use it freely for all your personal and commercial work .
[ via ]
A modern sans - serif , designed by Bernd Montag and available for free download and usage .
PC / Mac OS X .
Birra arose from years of compulsive doodling in pen and ink , and conjures the whimsy and syncopated contrast of novelty handlettering in the early 20th century .
Birra
Stout is a free font , made available by Darden Studio ( registration is required ) .
MISO is an architectural lettering font completed in 2006 by Mårten Nettelbladt .
It ’s available in three weights ( light , regular , bold ) in TrueType format for Windows .
Last Click
High Heels Typeface
This was a fun project overall because I got the chance to explore a diverse and massive collection of High - heeled shoes , which was the main inspiration for the typeface that I have created .
Not available for download .
With Free Fonts Comes Great Responsibility
Now that you have visited these websites and have downloaded lots of free fonts , you need to learn how to use these fonts wisely .
Here are some great articles that you should read to get you started on good web typography .
I hope that this short article was a help to you .
What are some other great font resources and articles that I missed ?
Do you know of any other websites that offer goof , high - quality fonts for free ?
Please share it with us in the comments below .
Thank you for your support !
Bogus federal agent convicted of S.F. bank robbery
A man who had already served time for one bank robbery has pleaded guilty to charges that he pulled another heist in San Francisco last year after flashing a badge to a bank manager and pretending he was a U.S. Justice Department agent , officials said today .
Christopher B. Reynolds , 52 , is expected to be sentenced in January to 11 years and eight months in federal prison for robbing the bank as well as another one in Buffalo , N.Y. , in which he also impersonated a federal officer .
Reynolds walked into the Wells Fargo Bank at 1900 Union St. in San Francisco last Nov. 6 wearing a black suit and tie and dark glasses , authorities said .
He produced a badge , identified himself as a law - enforcement agent and asked to talk to the bank manager in private , according to the FBI .
As the two sat at a desk , Reynolds said he had set a bomb inside the bank , FBI Special Agent Brian Guy wrote in an affidavit .
If the manager called the police , his partner outside would set if off , Reynolds told the manager .
Reynolds then produced a toy gun painted black to look like a real one and demanded money in $ 50 and $ 100 bills .
He fled with $ 9,230 , but not before apologizing to the manager for " ruining his day , " Guy wrote .
A bank employee saw the robber getting into a cab , the affidavit said .
Police found the cab and arrested Reynolds .
Reynolds was released from prison in July 2007 for a 1998 bank - robbery conviction .
He admitted that instead of reporting to San Francisco to begin his supervised release , he robbed the M&T bank in Buffalo of $ 21,000 in October 2007 " the same way he robbed the bank in San Francisco , " the affidavit said .
Reynolds said he robbed the Wells Fargo to " survive and gamble , " authorities said .
Some GOPers mock funding of volcano observation programs , but an expert says volcanoes are potentially deadly and should be watched , lest they blow their tops
Along with picking his Cabinet , finding just the right people for his White House staff and deciding what to do about two wars , President - elect Barack Obama has one other decision to make : which dog to get for daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 .
In a way , the Obamas already have done the heavy lifting on that one .
After announcing they planned to buy a dog as a reward for their daughters being such good sports about the grueling campaign , animal rights and animal welfare groups started campaigns of their own — for the Obamas to adopt a shelter dog and not buy a dog from a breeder .
PETA ’s president sent them a letter .
Best Friends Animal Society launched a petition drive on the Web site www.obamafamilydog .com that collected 50,000 signatures in just two weeks .
The Humane Society of the United States made an appeal .
The American Kennel Club , the registry for purebred dogs , supported the first couple - elect ’s initial decision to buy a dog from a breeder .
More than 42,000 Americans voted in AKC ’s poll to determine the right breed of dog .
The winner : the poodle , chosen from five hypoallergenic breeds so as not to irritate Malia and Sasha ’s allergies .
Then the news broke on “ Entertainment Tonight ” a little over a month ago : Michelle Obama announced the family would , indeed , adopt a rescue dog .
The Obama campaign did not return a phone call Wednesday regarding the first pet , but Obama confirmed in his acceptance speech that his girls would get their dog .
The first family - elect has millions of shelter dogs to choose from .
Between 6 million and 8 million dogs and cats end up in shelters every year ; about half of them have to be euthanized , according to the Humane Society of the United States .
“ We are very pleased to hear that President - elect Obama has decided to adopt a puppy from an animal shelter , ” said Jon Cicirelli , deputy director of the San Jose Animal Care Center .
“ Our residents can follow his lead and ask themselves if they , too , can make a difference in the life of a homeless animal .
We say , ‘ Yes , you can ! ’ “
Contact Linda Goldston at lgoldston@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5862 .
Loyal Ticket readers know that 98 % of the time -- with a margin of error of +/- 4 % -- we have our regular doubts about the plethora of presidential polls on people like John McCain , Barack Obama , Sarah Palin , Joe Biden -- and even Ron Paul -- that fall upon all of us at quadrennial times like these .
Ticket readers also know of the 100 % factor of our admiration for the funny folks over at The Onion .
They may have outdone themselves this week with their video news report on polls and how to dissect what pollsters call their " internals " that can reveal much about where the electorate is trending .
We wo n't spoil it for you .
Just watch .
Maybe grab a tissue first ; there 's a 79 % chance you 'll need it .
-- Andrew Malcolm
And if we offered you the free opportunity to register at Twitter here to get instant alerts of all new Ticket items flashed straight to your cell , would you be a ) likely to do it , b ) more likely to do it or c ) extremely likely to do it , so you wo n't miss items like this in the future ?
America 's Most Expensive Colleges
No two things are more stressful to a prospective college student than the question of getting accepted and determining if they can actually afford attending the school of their dreams .
The cost of college is no joke , and is something we have tried to put a spotlight on since we started ranking expensive colleges back in 2007 , as it is a troublesome debt many students will carry for years to come .
Here we list the 100 most expensive colleges in the U.S. based on tuition data reported in the latest IPEDS survey from the US Department of Education .
Where does your college rank ?
Share it on facebook and Twitter .
Name of Institution 2018 - 19 Tuition & Fees 1 . Columbia University $ 59,430 2 . University of Chicago $ 58,230 3 . Vassar College $ 56,960 4 . Trinity College $ 56,910 5 . Landmark College $ 56,800 6 . Jewish Theological Seminary of America $ 56,778 7 . Harvey Mudd College $ 56,620 8 . Franklin and Marshall College $ 56,550 9 . Amherst College $ 56,426 10 .
Tufts University $ 56,382 11 . Reed College $ 56,340 12 .
University of Southern California $ 56,225 13 .
Bucknell University $ 56,092 14 .
Kenyon College $ 55,930 15 .
Sarah Lawrence College $ 55,900 16 .
Colgate University $ 55,870 17 .
Duke University $ 55,695 18 .
University of Pennsylvania $ 55,584 19 .
Colorado College $ 55,470 20 .
Brown University $ 55,466 21 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 55,465 22 . Boston College $ 55,464 23 .
Dartmouth College $ 55,453 24 .
Williams College $ 55,450 25 .
Brandeis University $ 55,395 26 .
Union College $ 55,290 27 .
Hobart William Smith Colleges $ 55,255 28 .
George Washington University $ 55,230 29 .
Colby College $ 55,210 30 .
Cornell University $ 55,188 31 .
Bard College at Simon's Rock $ 55,082 32 .
Oberlin College $ 55,052 33 .
Barnard College $ 55,032 34 .
Scripps College $ 55,024 35 .
Wesleyan University $ 54,944 36 .
St Lawrence University $ 54,846 37 .
Haverford College $ 54,838 38 .
Connecticut College $ 54,820 39 .
Tulane University of Louisiana $ 54,820 40 .
Carleton College $ 54,759 41 . Occidental College $ 54,686 42 .
Bard College $ 54,680 43 .
Dickinson College $ 54,661 44 .
Hamilton College $ 54,620 45 .
Northwestern University $ 54,568 46 .
Southern Methodist University $ 54,492 47 .
Gettysburg College $ 54,480 48 .
Middlebury College $ 54,450 49 .
Skidmore College $ 54,420 50 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 54,405 51 . Macalester College $ 54,344 52 .
St. John 's College $ 54,118 53 .
Georgetown University $ 54,104 54 .
Pitzer College $ 54,056 55 .
Boston University $ 53,948 56 .
Pepperdine University $ 53,932 57 .
Bowdoin College $ 53,922 58 .
University of Rochester $ 53,909 59 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 53,880 60 .
Bennington College $ 53,860 61 .
Bates College $ 53,794 62 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 53,740 63 .
Franklin W Olin College of Engineering $ 53,736 64 .
Wellesley College $ 53,732 65 .
Lafayette College $ 53,630 66 .
Yale University $ 53,430 67 .
Washington University in St Louis $ 53,399 68 .
University of Notre Dame $ 53,391 69 .
St. John 's College $ 53,343 70 .
Wake Forest University $ 53,322 71 . Villanova University $ 53,308 72 . Drexel University $ 53,244 73 .
Lehigh University $ 52,930 74 .
Pomona College $ 52,780 75 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 52,770 76 .
Whitman College $ 52,764 77 .
Chapman University $ 52,724 78 . Fordham University $ 52,687 79 .
Wheaton College $ 52,626 80 .
University of Richmond $ 52,610 81 .
Muhlenberg College $ 52,595 82 . Swarthmore College $ 52,588 83 .
Washington and Lee University $ 52,455 84 .
Smith College $ 52,404 85 .
Grinnell College $ 52,392 86 .
California Institute of Technology $ 52,362 87 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 52,360 88 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 52,202 89 .
Ursinus College $ 52,050 90 .
Denison University $ 51,960 91 . Pratt Institute - Main $ 51,870 92 . Syracuse University $ 51,853 93 .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology $ 51,832 94 .
New York University $ 51,828 95 . Santa Clara University $ 51,711 96 . Hampshire College $ 51,668 97 .
Northeastern University $ 51,522 98 .
Davidson College $ 51,447 99 .
Stanford University $ 51,354 100 . Emory University $ 51,306
Data Source : U.S. Department of Education IPEDS
Survey
The price tags shown for these schools do not mean that they are financially out of reach .
Many schools provide financial aid packages that meet 100 % of a student 's financial need ( Cost of Attendance - Estimated Family Contribution ) .
Some colleges even eliminate tuition altogether for lower income students .
To get a better understanding of what you will actually be paying , be sure to use net price calculators that each school provides on their website .
These typically take about 10 - 15 minutes to complete , but can provide a more realistic figure of what you can expect to pay .
( For a complete list of colleges and links to their net price calculators visit collegecost.ed.gov/net-price . )
Also see colleges with the highest room and board .
Take the Next Step Get started toward a degree today : Choose a Major Accounting Business Computer Science Criminal Justice Economics Education History Law Marketing Nursing Political Science Psychology Sociology
Previous Rankings
Most Expensive Colleges for 2014 - 2015 Most Expensive Colleges for 2014 - 2015
With most of these schools surpassing the $ 60 K per year mark in total cost , incoming students can expect to see a price tag of over a quarter - million dollars for their 4 - year degree when expected yearly increases in tuition are taken into account .
When you consider only about a third of students complete their degree within four years , you can see how students can really rack up student loan debt .
The list of the 100 most expensive colleges by total cost ( tuition + room & board + required fees ) are all private and range from $ 56,000 all the way up to $ 65,000 per year .
This is a significant jump in price from the average private university cost of $ 42,419 and ( obviously ) the average cost of attending a public in - state college at $ 18,943 .
While the majority of these colleges offer great financial aid packages to those with need , it ’s important to note there are still students who are paying these exuberant prices .
At Duke University ( # 44 on this list ) , for example , about 50 % of its students are paying the fully listed price of $ 60,533 .
If you needed your holiday dinner table discussion topic , here it is : The 100 Most Expensive Colleges for 2014 - 2015 .
Top 100 Most Expensive Colleges by Total Cost College Total Cost 1 . Sarah Lawrence College 65,480 2 . Harvey Mudd College 64,427 3 . New York University 63,472 4 . Columbia University 63,440 5 . University of Chicago 62,458 6 . Claremont McKenna College 62,215 7 . Fordham University - Lincoln Center 62,192 8 . Bard College 62,012 9 . Dartmouth College 61,947 10 .
Scripps College 61,940 11 . Oberlin College 61,788 12 . Trinity College ( CT ) 61,756 13 .
Pitzer College 61,750 14 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock 61,735 15 .
Northwestern University 61,640 16 .
University of Southern California 61,614 17 .
Haverford College 61,564 18 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 61,529 19 .
Fordham University - Rose Hill 61,472 20 .
Drexel University 61,383 21 .
Johns Hopkins University 61,306 22 .
Tufts University 61,277 23 .
Amherst College 61,206 24 .
Wesleyan University 61,198 25 .
Carnegie Mellon University 61,186 26 .
Vassar College 61,140 27 .
Penn 61,132 28 .
Williams College 61,070 29 .
Occidental College 60,972 30 .
Cornell University 60,964 31 .
Connecticut College 60,895 32 .
Tulane University 60,861 33 .
Eugene Lang College ( The New School ) 60,852 34 .
Franklin & Marshall College 60,799 35 .
Georgetown University 60,768 36 .
Brandeis University 60,750 37 .
Bates College 60,720 38 .
Hampshire College 60,715 39 .
Barnard College 60,700 40 .
Boston University 60,694 41 .
University of Rochester 60,668 42 .
Boston College 60,622 43 .
Southern Methodist University 60,586 44 .
Duke University 60,533 45 .
Pomona College 60,532 46 .
The George Washington University 60,460 47 .
Washington University in St. Louis 60,355 48 . Bennington College 60,310 49 .
Union College ( NY ) 60,240 50 .
Stevens Institute of Technology 60,168 51 .
Colgate University 60,145 52 .
Bucknell University 60,140 53 .
Carleton College 60,102 54 .
Pepperdine University 60,082 55 .
Hobart and William Smith College 60,034 56 .
St. Lawrence University 59,972 57 .
Hamilton College 59,970 58 .
Reed College 59,960 59 .
Skidmore College 59,942 60 .
Bryn Mawr College 59,890 61 .
Yale University 59,800 62 .
Smith College 59,674 63 .
Dickinson College 59,664 64 .
Babson College 59,614 65 .
Swarthmore College 59,610 66 .
Bowdoin College 59,568 67 .
Colby College 59,500 68 .
University of Notre Dame 59,461 69 .
Brown University 59,428 70 .
Olin College 59,225 71 .
Middlebury College 59,160 72 .
Lafayette College 59,155 73 .
Wellesley College 59,038 74 .
St. John's College ( MD ) 58,896 75 .
Kenyon College 58,890 76 .
Wake Forest University 58,838 77 .
Gettysburg College 58,820 78 .
Harvard 58,607 79 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) 58,511 80 .
Stanford University 58,388 81 . Villanova University 58,244 82 . MIT 58,240 83 .
Vanderbilt University 58,220 84 . St. John 's College ( NM ) 58,208 85 .
Davidson 58,146 86 .
Chapman University 58,048 87 .
College of the Holy Cross 58,042 88 .
Emory University 57,768 89 .
Macalester College 57,691 90 .
Ursinus College 57,580 91 . Northeastern University 57,490 92 .
University of Richmond 57,470 93 .
Providence College 57,383 94 .
Drew University 57,366 95 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute 57,304 96 .
Colorado College 57,162 97 .
University of Miami 57,034 98 .
Fairfield University 56,960 99 .
Loyola University Maryland 56,880 100 . Denison University 56,850 Data compiled by CampusGrotto.com Notes : Total Cost = Tuition + Room and Board + Required Fees
The fees included in the total cost only include fees that are required for all undergraduates .
These fees typically include items like the Student Activity Fee , a Facilities Fee , and a Technology fee .
You wo n't see any fees by major , orientation fees for incoming students , or medical insurance fees included in these costs .
Many other fees can be optional and can vary per student and per major .
A Student Health Insurance Fee , for example , is obviously not going to be required for a student already on their parents ’ insurance plan .
Some colleges have their yearly budget for students listed slightly higher than what you see here .
This is because some colleges also add in the estimated costs for books and supplies , personal expenses , and transportation costs .
Tuition numbers were taken directly from each college 's website in fall of 2014 .
This list only takes into account colleges that offer bachelor 's ( BA ) degrees at traditional 4 - year undergraduate colleges , so you will not see any junior colleges or music conservatories on this list , or schools like Landmark College ( costs over $ 60 K ) who offer students an Associate of Arts ( AA ) degree .
Most Expensive Colleges for 2011 - 2012 Most Expensive Colleges for 2011 - 2012
Welcome to the 5th annual ranking of most expensive colleges compiled by Campus Grotto .
While the names on this list have n’t changed much over the years , the numbers sure have .
When we first started ranking colleges by cost back in 2007 , only one school ( GWU ) had a total cost of over $ 50 K , now 111 do .
Back then , not a single school had tuition over $ 40 K , now 80 have passed that mark .
There are now nineteen universities charging over $ 55,000 ( just one last year ) , and that ’s not even including the cost of textbooks .
Sarah Lawrence College is once again named the most expensive college by total cost for the 2011 - 2012 school year , marking the 4th year in a row the school has topped the ranking .
Is it worth the money ?
Who knows , but the college does boast one of the lowest student - teacher ratios in the country and all students receive one - on - one weekly guidance from faculty .
Sarah Lawrence : Home of the nation 's most expensive college .
Sarah Lawrence : Home of the nation 's most expensive college .
It 's important to note that these numbers are the ‘ sticker prices ’ for each institution for the 2011 - 2012 school year .
Just because these schools have high tuition does not mean you will actually be paying that amount .
Many schools will provide a financial aid package that meets 100 % of a student 's financial need ( Cost of Attendance - Estimated Family Contribution ) .
While going to college is still expensive , many of the colleges here offer great financial aid packages .
To get a better idea of what you will actually be paying at each school , be sure to use the net price calculator that every college is required to have on their website starting October 29th ( Thanks to the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 ) .
Hopefully these calculators will give students ( and their parents ) a better idea of what they will actually be paying before applying .
Knowing colleges provide great financial aid packages , we hope to take these total cost numbers and apply the average grant each school gives to figure the typical out - of - pocket expense for these schools .
The Department of Education recently ' ranked ' a list of expensive schools by net price .
While interesting , the tuition figures were a bit outdated as they were taken from the 2009 - 2010 school year .
By us being able to provide the net price for the 2011 - 2012 school year , we will have this data out nearly two years ahead of the Dept. of Ed. Look for this in the coming weeks .
You will see all of the schools on this list are private colleges .
Public schools are more affordable , but it should be noted they are rising in price faster than private schools .
For the first time schools once considered affordable , like Cal Berkeley and UCLA , are nearly making the top 100 most expensive list with their nonresident tuition ( listed at 115 and 120 , respectively ) .
( No wonder they are protesting over tuition increases . )
We start by taking a look at tuition .
Highest College Tuition 2011 - 2012
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by tuition for the 2011 - 2012 school year .
There are now 80 colleges that charge over $ 40,000 / year for tuition , nearly double the amount that did last year .
College Tuition 1 . Middlebury College $ 45,935 2 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 44,220 3 . The George Washington University $ 44,103 4 . Vassar College $ 44,050 5 . Connecticut College $ 43,990 6 . Bucknell University $ 43,628 7 . Wesleyan University $ 43,404 8 . St. John 's College $ 43,256 9 . University of Richmond $ 43,170 10 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 43,160 11 . Union College ( NY ) $ 43,131 12 .
Columbia University $ 43,088 13 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 43,000 14 .
Williams College $ 42,938 15 .
Oberlin College $ 42,842 16 . Bowdoin College $ 42,816 17 . Carleton College $ 42,690 18 .
Colgate University $ 42,625 19 . Dickinson College $ 42,610 19 .
Gettysburg College $ 42,610 21 .
Bates College $ 42,550 22 . Reed College $ 42,540 23 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 42,510 24 .
Bard College $ 42,476 25 . St. Lawrence University $ 42,420 26 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 42,280 27 . Hamilton College $ 42,220 28 .
Amherst College $ 42,170 29 .
University of Southern California $ 42,162 30 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 42,014 31 .
Tufts University $ 41,998 32 . Claremont McKenna College $ 41,995 33 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 41,980 34 .
Hampshire College $ 41,900 35 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 41,870 36 .
Occidental College $ 41,860 37 .
University of Chicago $ 41,853 38 .
Haverford College $ 41,830 39 .
Macalester College $ 41,800 40 .
Scripps College $ 41,736 40 .
Dartmouth College $ 41,736 42 .
Bennington College $ 41,690 43 .
Ursinus College $ 41,650 44 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 41,600 44 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 41,600 46 .
Northwestern University $ 41,592 47 .
Skidmore College $ 41,520 48 .
Boston College $ 41,480 49 .
Brown University $ 41,328 50 .
Cornell University $ 41,325 51 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 41,270 52 .
Wake Forest University $ 41,100 53 .
Kenyon College $ 41,090 54 .
University of Rochester $ 41,040 55 .
Colby College $ 41,020 56 .
Washington and Lee University $ 40,990 57 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 40,950 58 .
Georgetown University $ 40,920 59 .
University of Notre Dame $ 40,910 59 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 40,910 61 .
Boston University $ 40,848 62 . Swarthmore College $ 40,816 63 .
Duke University $ 40,670 64 .
Lehigh University $ 40,660 65 .
Emory University $ 40,600 66 .
Villanova University $ 40,530 67 .
Brandeis University $ 40,514 68 .
Pepperdine University $ 40,500 68 .
Yale University $ 40,500 70 .
MIT $ 40,460 71 .
Barnard College $ 40,422 72 . Wellesley College $ 40,410 73 .
Babson College $ 40,400 74 .
Lafayette College $ 40,340 75 .
Vanderbilt University $ 40,320 76 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 40,300 77 .
Whitman College $ 40,180 78 .
Providence College $ 40,150 79 .
Drew University $ 40,128 80 .
Stanford University $ 40,050 81 . Fairfield University $ 39,990 82 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 39,860 83 .
Tulane University $ 39,850 84 .
Smith College $ 39,800 85 .
Drexel University $ 39,700 86 .
Muhlenberg College $ 39,630 87 .
Pomona College $ 39,572 88 . Colorado College $ 39,550 89 .
Loyola University Maryland $ 39,470 90 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 39,450 91 . New York University $ 39,344 92 . Denison University $ 39,330 93 . Grinnell College $ 39,250 94 .
Fordham University $ 39,235 95 .
Furman University $ 39,200 95 .
Chapman University $ 39,200 97 .
Santa Clara University $ 39,048 98 . Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 39,000 99 .
Pitzer College $ 38,832 100 . Willamette University $ 38,800
When required fees are added onto tuition , the rankings change slightly , mainly because some schools ( Columbia , Penn , Harvard ) have fees that total a couple thousand dollars .
Highest Tuition and Fees 2011 - 2012
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by tuition and required fees for the 2011 - 2012 school year .
College Tuition + Fees 1 . Middlebury College $ 46,315 2 . Columbia University $ 45,290 3 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 45,212 4 . Vassar College $ 44,705 5 . The George Washington University $ 44,148 6 . Trinity College ( CT ) $ 44,070 7 . Connecticut College $ 43,990 8 . Bucknell University $ 43,866 9 . Carnegie Mellon University $ 43,812 10 .
Wesleyan University $ 43,674 11 . St. John 's College $ 43,656 12 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 43,602 13 .
Tulane University $ 43,434 14 .
Bard College $ 43,331 15 .
University of Southern California $ 43,306 16 .
Bowdoin College $ 43,246 17 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 43,220 18 .
Oberlin College $ 43,210 19 .
Williams College $ 43,190 20 .
University of Richmond $ 43,170 21 .
Bard College at Simon's Rock $ 43,150 22 .
Dickinson College $ 43,060 23 .
Dartmouth College $ 42,996 24 .
Tufts University $ 42,962 25 . Occidental College $ 42,960 26 .
Carleton College $ 42,942 27 .
Colgate University $ 42,920 28 .
Amherst College $ 42,898 29 .
Reed College $ 42,800 29 .
Bennington College $ 42,800 31 .
University of Chicago $ 42,783 32 .
St. Lawrence University $ 42,735 33 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 42,704 34 .
Hamilton College $ 42,640 35 .
Kenyon College $ 42,630 36 .
Gettysburg College $ 42,610 37 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 42,560 38 .
Pitzer College $ 42,550 38 .
Bates College $ 42,550 40 .
Duke University $ 42,410 41 . Skidmore College $ 42,380 42 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 42,280 43 . Claremont McKenna College $ 42,240 44 . Brown University $ 42,230 45 .
Haverford College $ 42,208 46 .
Boston College $ 42,204 47 .
Barnard College $ 42,184 48 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 42,140 49 .
Penn $ 42,098 50 .
Macalester College $ 42,021 51 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 41,992 52 . Northwestern University $ 41,983 53 .
Scripps College $ 41,950 54 .
Drexel University $ 41,940 55 .
Washington and Lee University $ 41,927 56 .
Hampshire College $ 41,900 57 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 41,894 58 .
Brandeis University $ 41,860 59 .
University of Rochester $ 41,802 60 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 41,782 61 .
Ursinus College $ 41,650 62 . New York University $ 41,606 63 .
Wake Forest University $ 41,576 64 .
Cornell University $ 41,541 65 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 41,488 66 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 41,456 67 .
Boston University $ 41,420 68 .
University of Notre Dame $ 41,417 69 .
Georgetown University $ 41,393 70 .
Vanderbilt University $ 41,332 71 . Emory University $ 41,164 72 . Swarthmore College $ 41,150 73 .
Villanova University $ 41,110 74 . Colby College $ 41,020 75 .
Drew University $ 41,010 76 .
Providence College $ 40,975 77 .
Lehigh University $ 40,960 78 .
Loyola University Maryland $ 40,870 79 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 40,824 80 .
Pepperdine University $ 40,752 81 . MIT $ 40,732 82 .
Wellesley College $ 40,660 83 .
Lafayette College $ 40,658 84 .
Fairfield University $ 40,580 85 .
Stanford University $ 40,569 86 .
Yale University $ 40,500 87 .
Whitman College $ 40,496 88 .
Babson College $ 40,400 89 .
Denison University $ 40,210 90 . Smith College $ 40,070 91 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 40,030 92 .
Fordham University $ 39,967 93 .
Muhlenberg College $ 39,915 94 .
Colorado College $ 39,900 95 .
Pomona College $ 39,883 96 .
Harvard College $ 39,851 97 .
Grinnell College $ 39,810 98 .
University of Miami $ 39,654 99 .
Chapman University $ 39,564 100 .
Furman University $ 39,560
Room and board is another cost that is often overlooked .
Many colleges in the urban areas of New York , Boston , and the California coast have room and board expenses that run $ 13,000 - $ 14,000 per year .
Our favorite example is with NYU , who ranks 91st in tuition , but when factoring in room and board they become the 2nd most expensive college .
Here we add the cost of a typical double room plus meal plan charged by each college to get the total cost to attend the college .
Colleges with the Highest Total Cost 2011 - 2012 College Total Cost 1 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 59,170 2 . New York University $ 56,787 3 . Columbia University $ 56,310 4 . Harvey Mudd College $ 55,998 5 . Eugene Lang College ( The New School ) $ 55,890 6 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 55,865 7 . Wesleyan University $ 55,706 8 . Bard College $ 55,617 9 . Barnard College $ 55,566 10 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 55,450 11 .
University of Chicago $ 55,416 12 .
University of Southern California $ 55,384 13 .
Dartmouth College $ 55,365 14 .
Drexel University $ 55,335 15 .
Bates College $ 55,300 16 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 55,242 17 . Vassar College $ 55,135 18 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 55,110 19 .
Haverford College $ 55,050 20 .
Pitzer College $ 54,988 21 .
Fordham University - Lincoln Center $ 54,972 22 . Connecticut College $ 54,970 23 .
Bennington College $ 54,960 24 .
Occidental College $ 54,950 25 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 54,922 26 .
Bowdoin College $ 54,900 26 .
Scripps College $ 54,900 28 .
Fordham University - Rose Hill $ 54,893 29 .
Vanderbilt University $ 54,892 30 .
Northwestern University $ 54,763 31 .
Oberlin College $ 54,760 32 .
Cornell University $ 54,695 33 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 54,682 34 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 54,679 35 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 54,666 36 .
Williams College $ 54,560 37 .
Boston College $ 54,528 38 .
Tufts University $ 54,474 39 .
The George Washington University $ 54,473 40 .
Georgetown University $ 54,443 41 .
Tulane University $ 54,284 42 . Union College ( NY ) $ 54,273 43 .
Bucknell University $ 54,240 44 .
Carleton College $ 54,180 45 .
Boston University $ 54,130 46 .
Amherst College $ 54,098 47 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 54,072 48 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 54,060 49 .
St. John 's College $ 53,990 50 .
Penn $ 53,976 51 .
University of Rochester $ 53,922 52 .
Brandeis University $ 53,916 53 .
Dickinson College $ 53,860 54 .
Reed College $ 53,850 55 .
Colby College $ 53,800 56 .
Duke University $ 53,760 57 .
St. Lawrence University $ 53,740 58 .
Babson College $ 53,730 59 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 53,714 60 .
Skidmore College $ 53,684 61 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 53,596 62 .
Colgate University $ 53,570 63 .
Hamilton College $ 53,470 64 .
Smith College $ 53,460 65 .
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 53,450 66 .
Middlebury College $ 53,420 67 .
Wellesley College $ 53,250 67 .
Swarthmore College $ 53,250 69 .
Brown University $ 53,136 70 .
Providence College $ 53,115 71 .
Pomona College $ 53,110 72 . Hampshire College $ 53,080 73 .
Lafayette College $ 53,020 74 .
Wake Forest University $ 52,986 75 .
Stanford University $ 52,860 76 .
University of Notre Dame $ 52,805 77 .
Emory University $ 52,792 78 .
Gettysburg College $ 52,790 78 .
Fairfield University $ 52,790 80 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 52,758 81 .
Yale University $ 52,700 82 .
Harvard College $ 52,652 83 .
Kenyon College $ 52,650 84 .
Southern Methodist University $ 52,646 85 .
Washington and Lee University $ 52,614 86 .
Pepperdine University $ 52,596 87 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 52,564 88 .
Chapman University $ 52,521 89 . MIT $ 52,507 90 .
University of Richmond $ 52,420 91 . Loyola University Maryland $ 52,320 92 . Drew University $ 52,160 93 . Villanova University $ 52,070 94 . Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 51,964 95 .
Ursinus College $ 51,950 96 .
Lehigh University $ 51,800 97 .
American University $ 51,719 98 .
Macalester College $ 51,417 99 .
Dominican University of California $ 51,250 100 .
University of Miami $ 51,182 Data compiled by CampusGrotto.com Other Notable Colleges : While Harvard is 82nd in total cost , it ranks 146 in tuition .
Princeton ranks 114th total cost and 125th in Tuition .
UC Berkeley ranks 115th in total cost .
UCLA ranks 120th in total cost .
Notes :
Total Cost = Tuition + Room and Board + Required Fees
The fees included in the total cost only include fees that are required for all undergraduates .
These fees typically include items like the Student Activity Fee , a Facilities Fee , and a Technology fee .
You wo n't see any fees by major , orientation fees for incoming students , or medical insurance fees included in these costs .
Many other fees can be optional and can vary per student and per major .
A Student Health Insurance Fee , for example , is obviously not going to be required for a student already on their parents ’ insurance plan .
Some colleges have their yearly budget for students listed slightly higher than what you see here .
This is because some colleges also add in estimated costs of books , personal expenses , and transportation costs .
Tuition numbers were taken directly from each college 's website during the last week of September of 2011 .
This list only takes into account colleges that offer bachelor 's ( BA ) degrees , so you will not see schools like Landmark College ( costs over $ 55 K ) who only offer students an Associate of Arts ( AA ) degree .
Also See :
Most Expensive Dorms for 2011 - 2012 .
Notable Press
The Washington Post
The Huffington Post
The Wall Street Journal
Fox News
National Review
Consumerist
Yale Daily News
ABC7 KABC -TV Los Angeles Corrections :
We originally announced there were twenty colleges charging over $ 55 K .
A $ 198 orientation fee was included in the total cost of Carnegie Mellon .
Since this list only includes fees that are required of all undergraduates , we adjusted the total cost of CMU ( which dropped them below the $ 55 K mark ) .
There are nineteen colleges charging over $ 55 K for 2011 - 2012 when totaling tuition , room / board , and fees required of all undergrads .
Harvey Mudd notified us that the published student body fee on their website was overstated by $ 270 .
The total cost for Harvey Mudd College is $ 55,998 , not $ 56,268 as previously published .
They are still the 4th most expensive .
Most Expensive Colleges for 2010 - 2011 Most Expensive Colleges for 2010 - 2011
This year saw many increases in tuition prices , some even drawing protests and near riots .
There are many reasons for these increases , but it is mostly blamed on reduced state appropriations , higher health care costs , and increased utility costs .
The demand for college increases during a recession as those who ca n’t find work go back to school .
Easy access to student aid further increases the demand for higher education , and the price sure shows it .
You will notice all the schools on this list are private .
Public schools are more affordable but it should be noted they are climbing in price faster than private schools .
Public 4 - year in - state schools increased by 46.1 % from 2000 - 2001 to 2009 - 2010 , while private not - for - profit schools increased 30.8 % over the same period .
Just looking at Tuition and Room & Board numbers , an additional 48 colleges passed the $ 50 k mark this year , bringing the total to 82 .
As far as tuition , 43 colleges now charge over $ 40,000 / year , compared to just 11 last year .
Taking the price of one of these institutions you can see that the cost of a 4 - year degree is one fat sticker price .
That sticker price will get even uglier when you consider tuition increases every year ( unless you go to a school like GWU where tuition is locked in ) and the fact that many students do not finish within 4 years .
Thankfully many of these colleges offer great aid packages .
It is important to note that just because these schools have high tuition does not mean you will actually be paying that amount .
Many schools will provide a financial aid package that meets 100 % of a student 's financial need ( Cost of Attendance - Estimated Family Contribution ) .
Many of these colleges provide excellent financial aid packages , some even offering scholarships that cover most of the financial burden of attending the college .
In 2009 - 2010 full - time students at private not - for - profit 4 - year colleges received an average of about $ 14,400 in grant aid , reducing the average net tuition and fees to about $ 11,900 .
Knowing colleges provide great financial aid packages , we hope to take this list and apply grants to figure the average out - of - pocket expense for these schools ( as soon as grant data is available ) .
Most Expensive Colleges 2010 - 2011
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by total cost of tuition + room / board for the 2010 - 2011 school year .
Also included is the school 's rank in last year 's most expensive colleges list and the number of spots moved .
Cost = Tuition + Room and Board College Cost '09 - '10 Rank Change 1 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 56,420 1 - 2 . New York University $ 53,589 2 - 3 . Wesleyan University $ 53,406 11 +8 4 . Harvey Mudd College $ 53,331 9 +5 5 . Bates College $ 53,300 4 - 1 6 . Johns Hopkins University $ 53,190 6 - 7 . Connecticut College $ 53,110 8 +1 8 . Claremont McKenna College $ 52,995 12 +4 9 . The George Washington University $ 52,980 3 - 6 10 .
Scripps College $ 52,686 23 +13 11 . Bard College $ 52,650 19 +8 12 . Vassar College $ 52,640 10 - 2 13 .
Bard College at Simon's Rock $ 52,610 22 +9 14 .
Haverford College $ 52,606 15 +1 15 .
Georgetown University $ 52,526 7 - 8 16 . Bowdoin College $ 52,465 16 - 17 . Eugene Lang College $ 52,440 41 +24 18 .
Duke University $ 52,405 27 +9 19 .
University of Chicago $ 52,341 28 +9 20 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 52,329 35 +15 21 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 52,250 14 - 7 22 . Oberlin College $ 52,244 30 +8 23 .
Fordham University - Lincoln Center $ 52,159 47 +24 24 . Middlebury College $ 52,120 17 - 7 25 .
Cornell University $ 52,100 32 +7 26 .
Williams College $ 52,096 48 +22 27 . Northwestern University $ 52,080 43 +16 28 .
Bucknell University $ 52,050 33 +5 29 .
Fordham University - Rose Hill $ 52,036 53 +24 30 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 52,010 21 - 9 30 .
Vanderbilt University $ 52,010 26 - 4 32 . Colby College $ 51,990 25 - 7 33 .
Boston College $ 51,962 20 - 13 34 .
Tufts University $ 51,932 29 - 5 35 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 51,918 38 +3 36 .
Babson College $ 51,916 24 - 12 37 .
Carleton College $ 51,882 36 - 1 38 . Mount Holyoke College $ 51,850 18 - 20 39 .
University of Southern California $ 51,842 34 - 5 40 .
Bennington College $ 51,830 40 - 41 . Barnard College $ 51,818 58 +17 42 . Dartmouth College $ 51,816 36 - 6 43 . St. John's College $ 51,776 51 +8 44 .
Colgate University $ 51,775 13 - 31 45 .
Columbia University $ 51,730 54 +9 46 .
Wellesley College $ 51,704 50 +4 47 . Smith College $ 51,640 31 - 16 48 .
Dickinson College $ 51,600 38 - 10 49 .
Reed College $ 51,590 45 - 4 50 .
Boston University $ 51,574 44 - 6 51 . St. Lawrence University $ 51,520 46 - 5 52 . Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 51,500 49 - 3 53 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 51,370 56 +3 54 .
Hamilton College $ 51,350 55 +1 55 .
Skidmore College $ 51,336 5 - 50 56 .
Hampshire College $ 51,279 52 - 4 57 . Occidental College $ 51,230 72 +15 58 .
Swarthmore College $ 51,160 61 +3 59 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 51,130 42 - 17 60 .
Drexel University $ 51,125 57 - 3 61 . University of Rochester $ 51,120 67 +6 62 . Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 51,065 62 - 63 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 51,050 64 +1 64 .
Pomona College $ 51,023 59 - 5 65 .
Chapman University $ 51,010 63 - 2 66 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 50,970 65 - 1 67 .
Gettysburg College $ 50,880 84 +17 68 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 50,840 66 - 2 69 .
Amherst College $ 50,820 78 +9 70 . Lafayette College $ 50,769 60 - 10 71 . Brandeis University $ 50,596 80 +9 72 . Stanford University $ 50,576 70 - 2 73 .
Wake Forest University $ 50,554 75 +2 74 . Brown University $ 50,468 81 +7 75 .
University of Richmond $ 50,420 77 +2 76 .
Providence College $ 50,390 NR - 77 .
Pepperdine University $ 50,350 74 - 3 78 . University of Notre Dame $ 50,282 69 - 9 79 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 50,270 71 - 8 80 .
Fairfield University $ 50,190 82 +2 81 . MIT $ 50,174 68 - 13 82 . Lehigh University $ 50,000 76 - 6 83 .
Villanova University $ 49,990 72 - 11 84 .
Yale University $ 49,800 89 +5 85 .
Emory University $ 49,798 79 - 6 86 . Washington and Lee University $ 49,743 94 +8 87 .
Ursinus College $ 49,700 86 - 1 88 . Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 49,680 85 - 3 89 .
American University $ 49,610 91 +2 90 . University of San Diego $ 49,552 83 - 7 91 . Drew University $ 49,537 87 - 4 92 . Pitzer College $ 49,470 92 - 93 . Rollins College $ 49,400 88 - 5 94 . Santa Clara University $ 49,110 90 - 4 95 . Macalester College $ 48,924 97 +2 96 . Kenyon College $ 48,920 95 - 1 97 .
Case Western Reserve $ 48,700 101 +4 98 . Northeastern University $ 48,670 100 +2 99 . Loyola University Maryland $ 48,600 93 - 6 100 . Princeton University $ 48,580 96 - 4
Highest Tuition 2010 - 2011
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by tuition for the 2010 - 2011 school year .
This year 43 colleges now charge over $ 40,000 / year for tuition , compared to just 11 last year .
College Tuition 1 . Middlebury College $ 45,185 2 . Connecticut College $ 43,990 3 . The George Washington University $ 42,860 4 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 42,600 5 . Vassar College $ 42,560 6 . Bucknell University $ 42,112 7 . Wesleyan University $ 41,814 8 . St. John 's College $ 41,792 9 . University of Richmond $ 41,610 10 .
Colgate University $ 41,585 11 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 41,571 12 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 41,500 13 .
Oberlin College $ 41,234 14 .
Williams College $ 41,190 15 .
Dickinson College $ 41,170 16 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 41,160 16 .
Columbia University $ 41,160 18 .
Bowdoin College $ 41,150 19 .
Bates College $ 41,120 20 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 41,090 21 .
Carleton College $ 41,076 22 .
Gettysburg College $ 41,070 23 .
Reed College $ 40,940 24 .
St. Lawrence University $ 40,905 25 .
Hamilton College $ 40,870 26 .
Bard College $ 40,840 27 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 40,790 28 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 40,680 29 .
Tufts University $ 40,664 30 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 40,592 31 .
Duke University $ 40,575 32 .
Hampshire College $ 40,481 33 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 40,410 34 .
University of Southern California $ 40,384 35 .
Skidmore College $ 40,350 36 .
Bennington College $ 40,280 37 .
Haverford College $ 40,260 38 .
Scripps College $ 40,236 39 .
University of Chicago $ 40,188 40 .
Amherst College $ 40,160 41 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 40,133 42 .
New York University $ 40,082 43 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 40,070 44 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 39,995 45 .
Dartmouth College $ 39,978 46 .
Ursinus College $ 39,950 47 .
Brown University $ 39,928 48 .
Boston College $ 39,880 49 .
Occidental College $ 39,870 50 .
Macalester College $ 39,846 51 .
Northwestern University $ 39,840 52 .
Georgetown University $ 39,768 53 .
Colby College $ 39,640 54 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 39,600 55 .
Wake Forest University $ 39,544 56 .
Washington and Lee University $ 39,500 57 .
University of Rochester $ 39,480 57 .
Lehigh University $ 39,480 59 .
Cornell University $ 39,450 60 .
Wellesley College $ 39,420 60 .
Kenyon College $ 39,420 62 . University of Notre Dame $ 39,412 63 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 39,400 64 .
Villanova University $ 39,350 65 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 39,330 66 .
Boston University $ 39,314 67 .
Swarthmore College $ 39,260 68 .
Babson College $ 39,040 69 .
Brandeis University $ 38,994 70 .
Pepperdine University $ 38,960 71 . Vanderbilt University $ 38,952 72 . MIT $ 38,940 73 .
Barnard College $ 38,868 74 . Lafayette College $ 38,810 75 .
Drew University $ 38,765 76 . Colorado College $ 38,748 77 .
Stanford University $ 38,700 78 .
Smith College $ 38,640 79 .
Providence College $ 38,610 80 .
Emory University $ 38,600 81 . Fairfield University $ 38,450 81 . Whitman College $ 38,450 83 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 38,420 84 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 38,400 85 .
Yale University $ 38,300 85 .
Tulane University $ 38,300 87 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 38,140 88 .
Muhlenberg College $ 38,110 89 .
Pomona College $ 38,087 90 . Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 38,000 90 .
Drexel University $ 38,000 92 . Loyola University Maryland $ 37,950 93 .
Furman University $ 37,728 94 . Rollins College $ 37,640 95 . Fordham University $ 37,545 96 .
Pitzer College $ 37,520 97 .
Chapman University $ 37,500 98 .
Santa Clara University $ 37,368 99 . Case Western Reserve $ 37,300 100 .
Denison University $ 37,270 Data compiled by CampusGrotto.com Other Notable Colleges :
Harvard placed as the 137th most expensive college tuition wise and 114th in total cost .
Penn placed as the 113th most expensive college tuition wise and 110th in total cost .
Notes :
Cost is taken by adding tuition + room and board .
We do not include fees when figuring the total cost .
This is because many fees can be optional and can vary per student and per major .
A Student Health Insurance Fee , for example , is obviously not going to be required for a student already on their parents ’ insurance plan .
Some colleges also charge fees to certain majors .
Including fees in the ' Total Cost ' would have led to too many ' What Ifs ' .
We take the price a typical freshman would pay for tuition , room and board .
These numbers were taken directly from the college 's website in October of 2010 .
In the event that the University does not provide an estimated cost of room and board ( because some dorms on campus are priced differently ) , we took the price of a dorm a typical freshman would find themselves in .
Some colleges like Bates College , Colby College , Middlebury College , and Union College have a comprehensive fee ( tuition + room / board ) .
Their tuition numbers were taken by taking their total comprehensive fee and subtracting by the amount of rebate the college gives to students who choose to live off campus .
Press Coverage :
Washington Post
The Huffington Post
CNBC
Burlington Free Press
Yale Daily News
Daily Herald ( Brown University )
LAist
InsideSocal
Wesleying
The GW Hatchet
Student Life ( Washington University in St Louis )
Most Expensive Colleges for 2009 - 2010 Most Expensive Colleges for 2009 - 2010
For the second year in a row , Sarah Lawrence College is the most expensive college in the nation for the 2009 - 2010 school year , while NYU edges out The George Washington University to take 2nd in the ranking .
Most of the colleges in the ranking of expensive colleges are private liberal arts schools located in the Northeast .
Even while tuition at private colleges rose 4.3 percent for 2009 - 2010 , the smallest increase in 37 years , many colleges have approached the $ 50,000 per year mark .
It is important to note that just because these schools have high tuition , does n’t mean you will actually be paying that amount .
Many of these colleges provide excellent financial aid packages .
A lot of these schools offer scholarships that often cover most of the financial burden of attending the college .
For example , MIT is tuition - free for families earning less than $ 75,000 a year .
These are prices for one year of education at traditional 4 - year undergraduate colleges .
Colleges with the Highest Total Cost 2009 - 2010 College Cost 1 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 54,410 2 . New York University $ 51,991 3 . The George Washington University $ 51,730 4 . Bates College $ 51,300 5 . Skidmore College $ 51,196 6 . Johns Hopkins University $ 51,190 7 . Georgetown University $ 51,122 8 . Connecticut College $ 51,115 9 . Harvey Mudd College $ 51,037 10 .
Vassar College $ 50,875 11 .
Wesleyan University $ 50,862 12 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 50,800 13 .
Colgate University $ 50,660 14 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 50,640 15 .
Haverford College $ 50,625 16 .
Bowdoin College $ 50,485 17 .
Middlebury College $ 50,400 18 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 50,390 19 .
Bard College $ 50,380 20 .
Boston College $ 50,370 21 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 50,360 22 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 50,340 23 .
Scripps College $ 50,336 24 .
Babson College $ 50,324 25 .
Colby College $ 50,320 26 .
Vanderbilt University $ 50,282 27 .
Duke University $ 50,250 28 .
University of Chicago $ 50,247 29 .
Tufts University $ 50,178 30 .
Oberlin College $ 50,166 31 .
Smith College $ 50,132 32 .
Cornell University $ 50,114 33 .
Bucknell University $ 50,098 34 .
University of Southern California $ 50,028 35 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 49,983 36 .
Dartmouth College $ 49,974 36 .
Carleton College $ 49,974 38 .
Dickinson College $ 49,860 38 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 49,860 40 .
Bennington College $ 49,830 41 .
Eugene Lang College $ 49,800 42 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 49,800 43 .
Northwestern University $ 49,791 44 .
Boston University $ 49,758 45 .
Reed College $ 49,690 46 .
St. Lawrence University $ 49,680 47 .
Fordham University - Lincoln Center $ 49,655 48 . Williams College $ 49,640 49 .
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 49,630 50 .
Wellesley College $ 49,612 51 .
St. John 's College $ 49,592 52 .
Hampshire College $ 49,545 53 .
Fordham University - Rose Hill $ 49,541 54 .
Columbia University $ 49,524 55 .
Hamilton College $ 49,470 56 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 49,460 57 .
Drexel University $ 49,381 58 .
Barnard College $ 49,372 59 .
Pomona College $ 49,361 60 .
Lafayette College $ 49,319 61 .
Swarthmore College $ 49,250 62 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 49,245 63 .
Chapman University $ 49,174 64 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 49,168 65 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 49,155 66 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 49,120 67 .
University of Rochester $ 49,070 68 .
MIT $ 48,870 69 .
University of Notre Dame $ 48,850 70 .
Stanford University $ 48,843 71 . College of the Holy Cross $ 48,800 72 .
Occidental College $ 48,750 72 . Villanova University $ 48,750 74 .
Pepperdine University $ 48,630 75 .
Wake Forest University $ 48,618 76 .
Lehigh University $ 48,530 77 .
University of Richmond $ 48,490 78 .
Amherst College $ 48,400 79 .
Emory University $ 48,396 80 .
Brandeis University $ 48,368 81 . Brown University $ 48,328 82 . Fairfield University $ 48,170 83 .
University of San Diego $ 48,072 84 .
Gettysburg College $ 48,060 85 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 48,050 86 .
Ursinus College $ 47,750 87 . Drew University $ 47,678 88 . Rollins College $ 47,540 89 .
Yale University $ 47,500 90 .
Santa Clara University $ 47,400 91 . American University $ 47,386 92 . Pitzer College $ 47,278 93 . Loyola University Maryland $ 47,190 94 . Washington and Lee University $ 47,165 95 .
Kenyon College $ 47,070 96 .
Princeton University $ 47,020 97 . Macalester College $ 46,942 98 . Colorado College $ 46,902 99 .
Loyola Marymount University $ 46,880 100 . Northeastern University $ 46,860 Total Cost = Tuition + Room / Board Colleges with the Highest Tuition 2009 - 2010
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by tuition for the 2009 - 2010 school year .
College Cost 1 . Middlebury College $ 43,690 2 . Connecticut College $ 42,335 3 . The George Washington University $ 41,610 4 . Vassar College $ 41,335 5 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 41,040 6 . Colgate University $ 40,690 7 . Bucknell University $ 40,594 8 . Skidmore College $ 40,420 9 . Carnegie Mellon University $ 40,300 10 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 40,068 11 .
University of Richmond $ 40,010 12 .
St. John 's College $ 39,992 13 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 39,930 14 .
Wesleyan University $ 39,822 15 .
Kenyon College $ 39,810 16 .
Dickinson College $ 39,780 17 .
Oberlin College $ 39,686 18 .
Bowdoin College $ 39,605 19 .
Bates College $ 39,575 20 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 39,565 21 .
Carleton College $ 39,546 22 . St. Lawrence University $ 39,520 23 .
Reed College $ 39,440 24 .
Tufts University $ 39,432 25 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 39,380 26 .
Hamilton College $ 39,370 27 .
Columbia University $ 39,296 28 .
Williams College $ 39,250 29 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 39,150 30 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 39,144 31 .
Hampshire College $ 39,112 32 .
Bard College $ 39,080 32 .
Duke University $ 39,080 34 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 38,940 35 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 38,900 36 .
New York University $ 38,765 37 .
Haverford College $ 38,735 38 .
Bennington College $ 38,730 39 .
Gettysburg College $ 38,690 40 .
Dartmouth College $ 38,679 41 .
Georgetown University $ 38,616 42 .
University of Southern California $ 38,570 43 .
University of Chicago $ 38,550 44 .
Boston College $ 38,530 45 .
Ursinus College $ 38,500 46 .
Scripps College $ 38,486 47 .
University of Notre Dame $ 38,480 48 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 38,467 49 .
Colby College $ 38,370 50 .
Lehigh University $ 38,330 51 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 38,300 52 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 38,275 53 .
Amherst College $ 38,250 54 .
Villanova University $ 38,240 55 .
Wake Forest University $ 38,206 56 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 38,180 57 .
Macalester College $ 38,174 58 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 38,100 59 .
Northwestern University $ 38,088 60 .
Brown University $ 38,048 61 .
Washington and Lee University $ 37,990 62 .
Occidental College $ 37,970 63 .
Cornell University $ 37,954 64 .
Boston University $ 37,910 65 .
University of Rochester $ 37,870 66 .
Wellesley College $ 37,826 67 .
Babson College $ 37,824 68 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 37,800 69 .
Pepperdine University $ 37,730 70 .
Vanderbilt University $ 37,632 71 . Brandeis University $ 37,566 72 . Lafayette College $ 37,520 73 .
MIT $ 37,510 73 .
Smith College $ 37,510 73 .
Swarthmore College $ 37,510 76 .
Emory University $ 37,500 77 .
Stanford University $ 37,380 78 .
Drew University $ 37,310 79 .
Colorado College $ 37,278 80 .
Tulane University $ 37,200 81 . Bryn Mawr College $ 37,120 82 . Barnard College $ 37,052 83 .
Fairfield University $ 36,900 84 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 36,890 85 .
Muhlenberg College $ 36,730 86 .
Pomona College $ 36,710 87 .
Drexel University $ 36,700 88 .
Whitman College $ 36,620 89 .
Loyola University Maryland $ 36,510 90 .
Yale University $ 36,500 91 .
Grinnell College $ 36,476 92 . Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 36,400 93 .
Furman University $ 36,296 94 . Rollins College $ 36,220 95 . Santa Clara University $ 36,000 96 .
Case Western Reserve University $ 35,900 97 .
University of San Diego $ 35,870 98 .
Pitzer College $ 35,840 99 .
Fordham University $ 35,825 100 .
Chapman University $ 35,790 Data compiled by CampusGrotto.com Other Notable Colleges :
Harvard placed as the 139th most expensive college tuition wise and 112th in total cost .
Notes :
Total cost is taken by adding tuition + room and board .
We do not include fees when figuring the total cost .
This is because many fees can be optional and can vary per student .
A Student Health Insurance Fee , for example , is obviously not going to be required for a student already on their parents ’ insurance plan .
Some colleges also charge fees to certain majors .
Including fees in the ' Total Cost ' would have led to too many ' What Ifs ' .
These numbers were taken directly from the college 's website in October of 2009 .
In the case that the University does not provide an estimated cost of room and board ( because some dorms on campus are priced differently ) , we took the price of a dorm a typical freshman would find themselves in .
Some colleges like Bates College , Colby College , Middlebury College , and Union College have a comprehensive fee ( tuition + room / board ) .
Their tuition numbers were taken by taking their total comprehensive fee and subtracting by the amount of rebate the college gives to students who choose to live off campus .
Photo Credit
Most Expensive Colleges for 2008 - 2009 Most Expensive Colleges for 2008 - 2009
As expected , college tuition seems to go up just about every year now .
Sure , part of the reason may be inflation , but still the increases in tuition seem to always outpace the rate of inflation .
You would think the weak economy would have an effect on tuition prices , and maybe it does .
Perhaps alumni donors are unable to give as much as they have in the past .
States are cutting their funding for higher education , which is huge considering most colleges get the majority of their funds from two sources : the State and tuition .
One thing is for certain though , regardless of the state of our economy , the demand for higher education will always be there .
We are reaching a point where the cost of one year of college education at some colleges is surpassing $ 50,000 .
Unless your parents are loaded , you can expect to have a HUGE amount of college debt after graduation .
Even those that graduated five years ago will not feel the pain that today ’s students will feel after they graduate and have to start paying back on their student loans .
It is almost as if the current state and price of today ’s education is forcing many students to go to a local community college for two years and then move on to complete their degree at a 4 - year in - state school .
One would think that those that do choose to go on to a more expensive prestigious college and graduate should have no problem obtaining a decent paying job to pay the bills ( and student loans ) .
But , as a student with little money , it can be hard just knowing how much debt you are about to get yourself into .
Even debts over $ 50,000 sound overwhelming .
One thing is for sure : make sure you know how you are going to pay for college before you actually go .
Just because these schools have high tuition , does n’t mean you will actually be paying that amount .
Many of these colleges provide excellent financial aid packages .
A lot of these schools offer scholarships that often cover most of the financial burden of attending the college .
For example , Princeton University has always been known to offer its students some of the best financial aid packages , keeping its graduates debts at a relatively low level .
Schools like Cooper Union , with a tuition of $ 33,000 per year , give every student a full tuition scholarship ensuring no student is responsible for tuition - related costs .
Most of the colleges on this list of expensive colleges are private liberal arts schools located in the northeast that boast low student - to - teacher ratios .
Highest Tuition 2008 - 2009 College Tuition 1 . Bates College $ 43,950 2 . Middlebury College $ 42,910 3 . Colby College $ 42,730 4 . Union College ( NY ) $ 40,953 5 . Connecticut College $ 40,900 6 . George Washington University $ 40,392 7 . Vassar College $ 39,635 8 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 39,450 9 . Bucknell University $ 39,434 10 .
Colgate University $ 39,275 11 . Carnegie Mellon $ 39,150 12 . Kenyon College $ 39,080 13 .
Skidmore College $ 38,888 14 .
St. Johns College $ 38,854 15 .
University of Richmond $ 38,850 16 .
Tulane University $ 38,664 17 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 38,585 18 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 38,580 19 .
Wesleyan University $ 38,364 20 .
Hamilton College $ 38,220 21 .
Oberlin College $ 38,012 22 .
Reed College $ 37,960 23 .
Tufts University $ 37,952 24 .
Dickinson College $ 37,900 25 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 37,860 26 .
Carleton College $ 37,845 27 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 37,820 28 .
Bowdoin College $ 37,790 29 .
Hampshire College $ 37,789 30 .
Scripps College $ 37,736 31 .
Johns Hopkins University $ 37,700 32 .
St. Lawrence University $ 37,675 33 .
Duke University $ 37,630 34 .
Gettysburg College $ 37,600 35 .
Bard College $ 37,574 36 .
Georgetown University $ 37,536 37 .
University of Pennsylvania $ 37,526 38 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 37,480 39 .
Columbia University $ 37,470 40 .
Boston College $ 37,410 41 .
Williams College $ 37,400 42 .
New York University $ 37,372 43 .
Bennington College $ 37,280 44 .
Lehigh University $ 37,250 45 .
Haverford College $ 37,175 46 .
University of Southern California $ 37,096 47 .
Wake Forest University $ 36,975 48 .
Amherst College $ 36,970 49 .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 36,950 50 .
Villanova University $ 36,950 51 . Brown University $ 36,928 52 . Dartmouth College $ 36,915 53 .
University of Chicago $ 36,891 54 .
Trinity College ( CT ) $ 36,864 55 .
University of Notre Dame $ 36,850 56 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 36,825 57 .
Northwestern University $ 36,756 58 .
Ursinus College $ 36,750 59 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 36,710 60 .
Pepperdine University $ 36,650 61 .
Boston University $ 36,540 62 .
Cornell University $ 36,504 63 .
Macalester College $ 36,504 64 .
Wellesley College $ 36,404 65 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 36,402 66 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 36,390 67 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 36,200 68 .
Occidental College $ 36,160 69 .
Swarthmore College $ 36,154 70 .
MIT $ 36,140 71 .
Brandeis University $ 36,122 72 . Vanderbilt University $ 36,100 73 .
Babson College $ 36,096 74 .
Stanford University $ 36,030 75 .
Barnard College $ 35,972 76 . Lafayette College $ 35,904 77 .
Colorado College $ 35,844 78 . Smith College $ 35,810 79 .
Emory University $ 35,800 80 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 35,700 81 . Fairfield University $ 35,510 82 .
Yale University $ 35,300 83 .
Loyola College in Maryland $ 35,140 84 .
Muhlenberg College $ 35,125 85 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 35,070 86 .
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 35,000 87 .
Santa Clara University $ 34,950 88 . Whitman College $ 34,880 89 .
University of Miami $ 34,834 90 .
Rollins College $ 34,520 91 . Pitzer College $ 34,500 92 .
Case Western Reserve University $ 34,450 93 .
Denison University $ 34,410 94 . St. Olaf College $ 34,300 95 .
Princeton University $ 34,290 96 .
Mills College $ 34,170 97 .
Furman University $ 34,048 98 .
University of San Diego $ 34,000 99 .
Loyola Marymount University $ 33,901 100 . Clark University $ 33,900
Of course , tuition is just one of the many costs associated with going to college .
The other big expense is room and board .
Some colleges also charge outrageous prices for student housing .
The following list shows the most expensive colleges based on the total cost of tuition plus room and board .
Top 100 Colleges by Highest Total Cost 2008 - 2009
Here are the top 100 most expensive colleges by total cost for the 2008 - 2009 school year .
Total Cost = Tuition + Room and Board College Total Cost 1 . Sarah Lawrence College $ 53,166 2 . George Washington University $ 50,312 3 . New York University $ 50,182 4 . Georgetown University $ 49,689 5 . Connecticut College $ 49,385 6 . Bates College $ 49,350 7 . Johns Hopkins University $ 49,278 8 . Skidmore College $ 49,266 9 . Scripps College $ 49,236 10 .
Middlebury College $ 49,210 11 .
Carnegie Mellon University $ 49,200 12 . Boston College $ 49,020 13 .
Wesleyan University $ 49,000 14 .
Colgate University $ 48,900 15 .
Claremont McKenna College $ 48,755 16 .
Vassar College $ 48,675 17 .
Haverford College $ 48,625 18 .
University of Chicago $ 48,588 19 .
Union College ( NY ) $ 48,552 20 .
Colby College $ 48,520 21 .
Mount Holyoke College $ 48,500 22 .
Tufts University $ 48,470 23 .
Bard College at Simon 's Rock $ 48,460 24 .
Franklin & Marshall College $ 48,450 25 .
Bard College $ 48,438 26 .
University of Southern California $ 48,394 27 .
Harvey Mudd College $ 48,373 28 .
Bowdoin College $ 48,170 29 .
Bucknell University $ 48,162 30 .
University of Pennsylvania $ 48,148 31 .
Cornell University $ 48,144 32 . St. Johns college $ 48,138 33 .
Vanderbilt University $ 48,128 34 . Babson College $ 48,116 35 .
Northwestern University $ 48,051 36 .
Hamilton College $ 48,030 37 .
Bennington College $ 47,960 38 .
Boston University $ 47,958 39 .
Barnard College $ 47,898 40 .
Tulane University $ 47,894 41 . Oberlin College $ 47,882 42 . Reed College $ 47,880 43 .
Hampshire College $ 47,869 44 .
Smith College $ 47,860 45 .
Carleton College $ 47,838 46 .
Washington University in St. Louis $ 47,836 47 .
Duke University $ 47,810 47 .
Eugene Lang College $ 47,810 49 .
Wellesley College $ 47,740 50 .
Wheaton College ( MA ) $ 47,735 51 .
Dartmouth College $ 47,694 52 . Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute $ 47,680 53 .
Hobart and William Smith College $ 47,506 54 .
Dickinson College $ 47,500 55 .
Swarthmore College $ 47,468 56 .
Columbia University $ 47,450 57 .
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering $ 47,400 58 .
St. Lawrence University $ 47,320 59 .
Williams College $ 47,290 60 .
Worcester Polytechnic Institute $ 47,270 61 .
Bryn Mawr College $ 47,220 62 . Stanford University $ 47,212 63 . Lafayette College $ 47,152 64 .
Pepperdine University $ 47,130 65 .
University of Richmond $ 47,050 66 .
Lehigh University $ 47,020 66 .
Villanova University $ 47,020 68 .
MIT $ 47,000 68 .
Cooper Union $ 47,000 70 .
College of the Holy Cross $ 46,970 71 .
Brown University $ 46,950 72 .
Wake Forest University $ 46,920 73 .
Brandeis University $ 46,868 74 . Trinity College ( CT ) $ 46,764 75 .
Amherst College $ 46,760 76 .
Gettysburg College $ 46,700 77 .
University of Notre Dame $ 46,680 78 .
Occidental College $ 46,430 79 .
Emory University $ 46,372 80 .
Fairfield University $ 46,360 81 . Santa Clara University $ 46,020 82 . Yale University $ 46,000 83 .
Loyola Marymount University $ 45,709 84 .
Princeton University $ 45,695 85 . Kenyon College $ 45,670 85 .
Stevens Institute of Technology $ 45,670 87 .
Ursinus College $ 45,550 88 .
Mills College $ 45,440 89 .
Pitzer College $ 45,430 90 .
Pomona College $ 45,383 91 . Rollins College $ 45,300 92 . University of San Diego $ 45,292 93 .
Chapman University $ 45,286 94 . American University $ 45,234 95 . University of Miami $ 45,088 96 .
Macalester College $ 44,976 97 .
Colorado College $ 44,940 98 .
Case Western Reserve University $ 44,900 99 .
Loyola College in Maryland $ 44,880 100 .
Northeastern University $ 44,830 Other Notable Colleges :
Harvard placed as the 118th most expensive college tuition wise and 108th in total cost .
Notes :
The criteria of figuring the total cost was taking the tuition plus room and board .
We did not include fees .
We did not include fees because there are many fees that are optional or can vary per student .
For example , some fees are specific to a certain major .
Including fees would have led to too many What Ifs , therefore we excluded it .
Some colleges like Bates College , Colby College , Middlebury College , and Union College have a comprehensive fee ( tuition + room / board ) .
Their tuition numbers were taken by taking their total comprehensive fee and subtracting by the amount of rebate the college gives to students who choose to live off campus and go with their own housing and board options .
« Breaking : BUSH NAMES STEALTH CONSERVATIVE MIERS TO SUPREME COURT ( Updated : conservatives say she 's an ' indentured servant ' of Bush ) | Main | SHOCKING NEW PHOTO RELEASED IN HANGING OF IRAN GAY TEENS »
October 04 , 2005
MIERS AGAINST MAKING GAY SEX LEGAL , AND AGAINST LEGAL ABORTION , IN 1989
From a dispatch from the Associated Press that moved late yesterday afternoon but that only a handful of major dailies have bothered to run , we learned that Harriet Miers ( left ) -- the corporate pitbull lawyer and presidential lapdog Bush appointed to fill Sandra Day O'connor 's seat on the Supreme Court -- opposed repeal of Texas ' so - called sodomy law in 1989 , when she sought and won a seat on the Dallas City Council .
Says the AP , " Miers opposed repeal of the Texas sodomy statute -- a law overturned in 2003 by the court on which she will sit if confirmed -- in a survey she filled out for a gay rights group during her successful 1989 campaign . "
The survey was conducted by the Lesbian / Gay Coalition of Dallas -- to whom Miers said she did n't want and would n't seek their endorsement .
This revelation means that Miers was against the single most significant Supreme Court decision affecting gay people ever to come from the Court .
And it also makes a vote for Miers ' confirmation by any Democratic Senator utterly inexcusable .
At the same time , today 's Dallas Morning News has an interview with Miers ' campaign manager in that Council race , who says Meirs also unequivocally opposed making abortion legal .
" She is on the extreme end of the anti-choice movement , " said Lorlee Bartos , who managed Ms. Miers ' first and only political campaign .
Miers ' position on the right of gay people to have legal , consensual sexual relations puts her squarely against the position of the current Supreme Court -- and against the position of the Republican Justice she 's succeeding .
Two years ago , by a 6 - 3 majority , the Court -- in its landmark decision in Lawrence v. Texas -- nullified the Texas " Homosexual Conduct " law .
The law , Chapter 21 , Sec. 21.06 of the Texas Penal Code , designated it as a Class C misdemeanor when someone " engages in deviate sexual intercourse with another individual of the same sex , " thus prohibiting anal and oral sex between members of the same sex , but not between heterosexuals .
The 6 - 3 Supreme Court majority held the Texas law unconstitutional , stating clearly that " the Texas statute furthers no legitimate state interest which can justify its intrusion into the personal and private life of the individual . "
Justice Kennedy , who wrote for the majority , castigated the " stigma " that such laws imposed on gay people , noting that , " When homosexual conduct is made criminal by the law of the State , that declaration in and of itself is an invitation to subject homosexual persons to discrimination both in the public and in the private spheres . "
Miers ' 1989 position would have maintained that invitation to discrimination against same - sexers .
The woman Miers is replacing , Justice O'Connor , concurred with the majority to strike down the Texas statute .
In nullifying the Texas sodomy law , the Court wiped all such laws off the books in the 17 remaining states that had not yet repealed them .
With one stroke , the Court freed gay people from the stigma of being considered criminals because of whom and how they loved .
It 's useful to recall the facts in the outrageous arrest under the sodomy law in Texas that eventually led to the Supreme Court 's decision striking down all sodomy laws .
In 1998 , medical technologist John Geddes Lawrence , 60 , and street - stand barbecue vendor Tyron Garner , 36 , -- an inter-racial couple -- were found having consensual anal sex in Lawrence 's apartment in the suburbs of Houston between 10:30 and 11 p.m. on September 17 , 1998 when a Harris County sheriff 's deputy entered the unlocked apartment with his weapon drawn , arresting the two , after a homophobic neighbor -- who 'd previously harassed the gay duo -- called in a report to police that the two men were " going crazy " with a gun .
This complainant later admitted he'd been lying , and was convicted of filing a false police report and sent to jail for 15 days for having done so .
( Above right , Lawrence and Garner celebrate their Supreme Court victory with a supporter ) .
That such an arrest could be possible in a modern civilized country boggles the mind .
Miers ' support for criminalizing gay sex -- views she has never renounced -- makes her unfit to sit on the Supreme Court .
Moreover , Miers ' additional opposition to a woman 's right to choose makes it clear she thinks that the state has the perfect right to tell all people what they can or cannot do with their own bodies , and to enforce a moral order on every American .
P.S. Miers is also a union - buster .
Jordan Barab 's excellent blog Confined Space , about occupational health and safety , labor , and politics , has the goods on how Miers ' lawfirm , Locke Liddell & Sapp , the huge ( 400 member ) corporate law firm of which she was co-managing partner , had a large union - busting practice ( that went under the more anodyne - sounding name of " union avoidance . " )
To read the details , click here .
Posted by Direland at 06:44 AM
| Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c0c4453ef00d8345ae24869e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference MIERS AGAINST MAKING GAY SEX LEGAL , AND AGAINST LEGAL ABORTION , IN 1989 :
» Harriet Miers : closer to Coulter than O'Connor from The Disenchanted Forest
According to Joshua Frank , there 's enough poop on Harriet Miers to clearly validate her credentials as a card carrying Bushevik .
While Miers is touted as a trailblazer for her role at the helm of Dallas - based Locke , Liddell & Sapp , the firm represent ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 4 , 2005 2:50:06 PM
Comments
Not much on my mind right now .
I have n't been up to anything .
Today was a complete loss .
That 's how it is .
Not much exciting going on these days .
Posted by : disney | Oct 20 , 2007 10:24:15 AM
http://sawiin.descom.es/korean/latest.html archinghigherlose
Posted by : overworked | Nov 13 , 2005 5:36:09 AM
The bitch is n't going down .
We are going to be stuck with her stinking hiney for the rest of my life .
Posted by : T | Oct 4 , 2005 4:07:26 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
