There 's publicity money can't buy , and then there 's influence that certainly does have at a price …
In two last - minute attempts to influence the UK general election on Thursday …
• News Corp 's Conservative - supporting
The Sun tabloid was only too happy to pump Tory leader David Cameron out of its own purse .
• But the party has paid a fair whack from its coffers for the equivalent message on YouTube 's front page .
It bought one of the video site 's most lucrative ad spots on polling day - a click - to - play homepage video .
The buy may at least give us some sight of YouTube 's ad rate card in the UK .
Says Catherine Turner of the rival , less well - funded Liberal Democrats ' digital communications team …
about 22 hours ago Just heard the @Conservatives have bought front page ads on YouTube for tomorrow .
FYI that costs £ 50,000 .
Google tried to sell it to us ...
CatTurner
Cat
about 4 hours ago @RobertAndrews to own the space for 24hrs excluding all other ads CatTurner Cat
It 's money the Conservatives have to spare , having raised three times more in donations than the governing Labour party , FT.com says .
Though Labour says ( via BrandRepublic ) : " In the last few days , we 've taken £ 100,000 in small donations online . "
It 's often said that the UK 's comparatively right - wing Tories are still to the left of America 's Democratic party .
But , even so , The Sun 's comparison of Cameron to Obama has outraged liberals and raised others ' eyebrows , prompting immediate parodies .
( Yes , Nick Clegg got an earlier treatment , too ) .
YouTube and News Corp ( NYSE : NWS ) are each desperate for something different - respectively , for advertising revenue and for a relaxation of UK media regulation .
If they win power , the Conservatives are likely to reform media regulator Ofcom and encourage stronger alternatives to the BBC - two big News Corp bugbears ...
The return from those outcomes will be worth far more than £ 50,000 to the Sun publisher .
( CNN ) --
What does it feel like to kill a man ?
James Lenihan of Brooklyn , New York , knew .
He fought in Europe in World War II and he killed a German soldier during a battle in Holland .
He described how it felt in a poem .
I shot a man yesterday
And much to my surprise ,
The strangest thing happened to me
I began to cry .
So begins " Murder : Most Foul , " a work that echoes poetry about war in the tradition of William Shakespeare and borrows its title from the bard 's " Hamlet . "
As powerful as the poem is , the story behind it is also fascinating .
Sgt. James Lenihan returned home after the war , got married , had children and made a career as a salesman in the meatpacking industry .
If he ever wrote any other poems , his son Robert and daughter Joan , who still live in Brooklyn , New York , do n't know of any .
In fact , they did n't know about this poem until after their father died .
They found it when they were going through his possessions .
Robert and Joan Lenihan found two typewritten pages , each with a copy of the poem .
It was unsigned , but Robert believes the poem was written by his father and later typed up by his mother for safekeeping .
The poem describes a killing in Holland , where Lenihan served in the 104th Infantry Division as it battled German units .
It portrays a soldier very upset about taking a life .
I knelt beside him
And held his hand --
I begged his forgiveness
Did he understand ?
But even while he describes the shooting as murder , Lenihan makes clear he had no choice .
It was the War
And he was the enemy
If I had n't shot him
He would have shot me .
Robert Lenihan said the poem is a bit unlike the father he grew up with -- a man who could be a " tough customer " if need be , not someone tormented by a fleeting , albeit intense , moment on a battlefield in Holland .
" I 'm just starting to appreciate how much he suffered only now in this part of my life .
When I was a kid , like if he yelled at me or something , I 'd say ' Well , Dad 's being cranky , ' " Lenihan said .
Lenihan said even though the incident in the poem took place more than 60 years ago , it still resonates and should be a lesson to young soldiers coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan that they are n't the first to face such emotional turmoil as this .
" That feeling they may have of regret and pain and shock of what they 've done .
It shows they are not alone , " Lenihan said .
While Lenihan is obviously proud of his father 's poem , CNN sent it to Georgetown University professor David Gewanter , who has published several books of poetry , including " War Bird " published last year .
Gewanter called the poem " accomplished . "
In an e-mail to CNN , Gewanter said the poem " is good , and its truths are that of experience and some literary traditions . "
Robert Lenihan sounded surprised when he heard Gewanter 's analysis of his father 's amateur poem .
" I'm very deeply touched , " Lenihan said .
" For an expert to assess it that way and make such important comparisons I 'm amazed and quite touched . "
The poetry professor said Sgt. Lenihan 's poem reminds him of a famous portion of Shakespeare 's play " Henry V . "
From this day to the ending of the world ,
But we in it shall be remembered --
We few , we happy few , we band of brothers ;
But Gewanter said it perhaps most closely resembles " The Man He Killed , " a work by Thomas Hardy written at the start of World War I .
In that poem , Hardy writes that the soldier and the foe he killed might have shared a drink or loaned each other money had they met somewhere other than a battlefield .
Sgt. Lenihan 's poem ends not with talk of loans or drinks , but a darker scene .
I shot a man yesterday
And much to surprise
A part of me died with Him
When Death came to close
His eyes .
" Terrorists " and " terrorism " have become Washington ’s monomania since 9/11 , guiding the foreign / military policies of the American superstate and holding its population in thrall .
“ The single biggest threat to U.S. security , both short - term , medium - term and long - term , ” President Barack Obama said April 11 , is the possibility that terrorists might obtain a nuclear weapon .
The second biggest threat to world history ’s mightiest military state , it goes without saying , are terrorists without nuclear weapons but armed with box - cutters , rifles or homemade explosives .
It ’s " terrorism " 24/7 in the United States — the product of a conscious effort by the Bush Administration to keep the American people in the constant clutches of existential fear , in large part to justify launching endless aggressive wars .
Anything goes if the target is said to be " terrorism , " as long as the Pentagon ’s violence takes place in smaller , weaker countries usually populated by non-Europeans .
But does the U.S. government really want to defeat terrorism ?
This is a serious question .
All its major efforts so far have been focused on the effects of terrorism but not on its much more profound causes .
In this article we shall discuss the causes , particularly the actions of the U.S. in the Middle East over the decades which contributed significantly to the rise of terror as a weapon .
After almost a decade , the Bush Administration ’s " War on Terrorism " — at a cost of trillions of dollars , the erosion of a substantial portion of America ’s civil liberties and its worldwide reputation , and the deaths of over a million foreign civilians — has not succeeded in its stated objectives .
And yet , judging by the Obama Administration ’s 2011 war budget request , the recently released Quadrennial Defense Report and the Nuclear Posture report , and the widening of the wars , it is clear that President Barack Obama has no intention of deviating significantly from President George W. Bush ’s unjust and failed policies .
President Obama ’s troop buildup , implied nuclear threats against Iran and the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , and his order to the CIA to assassinate an American citizen without a trial are but some of the most recent examples .
All that ’s really changed in national security strategy from one administration to the other is the name of Bush ’s " War on Terrorism . "
The Obama Administration renamed it , in an excess of bureaucratese , an " Overseas Contingency Operation , " transforming its title to suggest it was a mere budget item .
Not so mere , actually , since the Pentagon ’s annual war budget has risen 67 % since 9/11 .
American national security policy since the attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center nearly nine years ago has been aimed primarily at defeating a small number of ill - equipped non-state " terrorist " enemies by fielding a large professional army with advanced technology first to Afghanistan , then Iraq and now back to the Afghan theater with tributaries extending into Pakistan , Yemen and to a lesser extent Somalia and the Philippines .
Fewer than 100 al - Qaeda operatives are in Afghanistan against about 94,000 U.S. troops , so far , plus 40,000 NATO soldiers , and about 100,000 mostly higher paid " contractors " performing military duties .
There are up to 15,000 part - and full - time irregulars associated with the Afghan Taliban , perhaps fewer .
But — even though they are ultra-conservative religious extremists who were oppressive when in power — they are a national force with no designs on the United States , and are not technically terrorists but defenders of their country from foreign invasion .
Many Americans do n’t like to hear that , of course .
The Bush - Obama anti-terrorism policy has two aspects , one public , the other concealed .
The public aspect is to " keep America safe " from specifically Arab and more broadly Muslim " terrorists . "
The concealed aspect is to utilize the 9/11 tragedy to justify the projection of military might to extend U.S. hegemony throughout the oil - rich Middle East , especially the Persian Gulf region , and into geostrategic Central Asia through the occupation of Afghanistan .
We shall here discuss the public aspect , and why it was and continues to be the wrong response to 9/11 , beginning with a paragraph from the Sept. 15 , 2001 , Activist Newsletter :
" Tuesday ’s deplorable terror attacks did not occur in a political vacuum , despite the mass media ’s effort to depict the events as simply the product of Middle Eastern ‘ madmen ’ with ‘ no regard for human life ’ driven by fundamentalist religious beliefs to hate the United States .
In reality , Washington ’s role in the Middle East , which it has dominated since the end of World War II to control the region ’s vast petroleum resources , must be carefully examined to determine the roots of our present situation … .
Many Americans ask , ‘ Why do they hate us so ? ’
The honest answer to that question points the way toward a solution to the ‘ terrorism ’ crisis . "
Never once in all these years has the U.S. government acknowledged that its decades of interference in the region were a major factor in the growth of " terrorism , " the existence of al - Qaeda and the Afghan Taliban , and the 9/11 attacks .
Washington is hardly unaware of the connection — and indeed of the primacy of its own historic provocation in the region — but in the era of government deception and corporate domination of the mass media , " inconvenient " truths usually remain concealed from the masses of people .
FIVE MAJOR DECISIONS
Washington implemented five major decisions during the last 65 years that turned public opinion in the Middle East against the United States and largely generated the conditions that led to the creation of al - Qaeda , jihadist warriors , and suicide bombers .
We will describe these causes which ultimately led to the effects called terrorism , then , in part 3 , conclude with brief " modest " proposals to rectify the situation .
(1) The first of these decisions took place immediately following the end of World War II in 1945 , when the U.S. chose to extend its hegemony throughout the Middle East , and thus prevent its essential wartime ally , the Soviet Union , from gaining a foothold .
Washington ’s goal ever since that time — including the last two decades after the implosion of the socialist camp and the 16 months since Obama took office — has been directed toward establishing dominion over this petroleum - rich region to insure America ’s global preeminence .
To accomplish this objective , the U.S. made deals with ultra-conservative monarchies in the region , offering them military protection and secure dynastic longevity in return for loyalty and concessions on oil supplies .
Royal houses , such as exist in Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and elsewhere , could have been swept away decades ago by their own people had they not been in America ’s protective custody .
Washington ’s prolongation of monarchical rule has been a major impediment to democracy in the region .
When the people prevailed , as in Iran in 1951 after an elected democratic government gained power , nationalized the country ’s substantial petroleum reserves , and replaced the monarchy with a republic , the U.S. and Britain launched a campaign for bloody regime change that by 1953 crushed democracy and restored the brutal Shah of Iran to power .
Washington also continually interfered with republics , not just monarchies , supporting , protecting and enriching those which destroyed their political left wing and bent the knee to U.S. hegemony , such as Egypt , while subverting those leaning left , as in Iran in the early 1950s , or who simply insisted upon maintaining independence from American domination , such as Syria .
This , too , stifled democracy and social progress .
After 65 years of interference , Washington either controls or has considerable influence over virtually all the governments of the Middle East , with the exception of Iran , today ’s imperial target par excellence .
Syria remains in the middle .
Turkey , which is sometimes not geographically included in the Middle East , is a member of U.S. - dominated NATO and seeks Washington ’s support to enter the European Union , but has lately taken two positions totally opposed by the Obama Administration :
It has sharply criticized Israel , which was considered Turkey ’s ally , over its invasion and imprisonment of Gaza , and this month joined with Brazil in a move calculated to head off harsh sanctions against Iran .
In the process of gaining dominance over most Mideast regimes — the majority of which have remained undemocratic as a consequence — the United States has alienated the masses of people throughout the region .
In response , given that the U.S. has demanded of its Arab protectorates that the political left and progressive secular forces be weakened or crushed in country after country , it has been the Islamic resistance which has filled the vacuum and taken up the national struggle against American domination and undemocratic rule .
A relatively small portion of this movement is influenced by extreme fundamentalist ideology , and a still smaller sector have joined the jihad ( struggle ) initiated by Osama bin-Laden ’s al - Qaeda .
(2) The second decision that contributed principally to creating Arab and Muslim antipathy toward the U.S. was Washington ’s total support of Israel to the detriment of the people of Palestine , particularly following the June 1967 war , when Israel invaded and occupied large swaths of Palestinian territory , where it remains today in utter violation of several key international laws .
" In Palestine , " according to British writer / filmmaker John Pilger , " the enduring illegal occupation by Israel would have collapsed long ago were it not for U.S. backing .
Far from being the terrorists of the world , the Islamic peoples have been its victims … .
It is only a few years ago that the Islamic fundamentalist groups , willing to blow themselves up in Israel and New York , were formed , and only after Israel and the U.S. had rejected outright the hope of a Palestinian state , and justice for a people scarred by imperialism . ”
Today , the Arab world agrees to normalize relations with Israel if the Tel Aviv government allows the establishment of two sovereign states , one being Palestinian .
Israel refuses , and not only continues to illegally occupy Palestinian lands but to oppress the masses of people — the most gruesome recent example being the vicious attack on Gaza followed by blockading the territory to deprive its inhabitants of the basic necessities of life .
It is well understood that only U.S. military , economic and political support makes it possible for Israel to continuously subjugate the Palestinians .
Israel often claims it is surrounded by " existential " threats of one kind or another , the latest being from Iran , but the only real threat it faces is that of losing Washington ’s sponsorship , protection and economic support .
(3) The third Washington decision that led to 9/11 — and in this case directly — was to involve the U.S. in the Afghan civil war that erupted in 1978 after the communist People ’s Democratic Party of Afghanistan ( PDPA ) , backed by the Afghan army and military officers , seized power and began to enact reforms to " bring Afghanistan into the 20th century . "
The reforms — including substantial freedoms for women — aroused armed opposition from conservative Islamic war lords and fighting groups .
The U.S. began supporting these groups clandestinely in 1979 with great infusions of money and war materials , prompting the USSR to send troops to defend the leftist government .
Both al - Qaeda and the Afghan Taliban developed out of this struggle , receiving American support in the process .
The Soviets were fought to a standstill and withdrew in 1989 , but the left wing government managed to hold on until it was brutally crushed in 1992 .
The civil war then transformed into a war for control of Afghanistan between several of the strongest rebel groups .
It lasted four years , and resulted in victory for the ultra- orthodox Taliban in 1996 .
Al - Qaeda used Afghanistan as one of its bases until the U.S. invasion in October 2001 , then fled to western Pakistan .
( A 2 - part account of " The U.S. in Afghanistan , " including " The Origins of a Bad War , " were published in the November 5 , 2009 , issue of the Activist Newsletter , available in the blog archive . )
(4) The fourth U.S. decision that contributed substantially to the unpopularity of the American government was to impose cruel sanctions against the Iraqi people in the aftermath of the 1991 Gulf War .
The war itself , resulting in the mortification of Iraq for occupying Kuwait , was intended to compensate for the Pentagon ’s humiliating defeat in Vietnam 15 years earlier .
The U.S. launched what has been called one of the " most devastating air assaults in history " against Iraq in mid-January 1991 .
It was all over in a couple of months .
Overwhelming power succeeded : The U.S. lost 147 troops .
The Iraqis lost 200,000 , troops and civilians in the brief war and its immediate aftermath .
Ultimately up to 1.5 million Iraqis died as a result of a dozen years of draconian U.S. / UN economic , trade and materials sanctions that accompanied the war , and which ended only after the U.S. invasion in March 2003 .
The UN suggests that half these civilian dead were children .
Former U.S. Attorney General Ramsey Clark , a defender of the Iraqi people , said of the sanctions , " The goal was to cripple Iraq ’s infrastructure and make civilian life unsustainable . ”
( His 1992 book , " The Fire This Time — U.S. War Crimes in the Gulf , " remains a classic account of the real causes and effects of the Gulf War . )
Most Americans were and remain indifferent to the terrible pain visited upon the Iraqi people by the sanctions .
Secretary of State Madeline Albright famously said of the civilian deaths , " we think the price is worth it . "
To the Arab people , Muslims in general , humanitarians , and anti-imperialists throughout the world , it was a cruel and vindictive act of genocidal proportions .
(5) The fifth decision was to respond to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attack on the U.S. by bombing and invading Afghanistan , instead of relying on international police work to capture al - Qaeda , a small , non-state , quasi-military organization dedicated to " propaganda of the deed , " with cells in several countries in addition to its Afghan component .
Bush ’s decision to launch a war was precisely what al - Qaeda wanted to further discredit the U.S. in Arab eyes .
The Bush Administration ’s subsequent decision to invade Iraq — which was completely innocent of involvement in 9/11 and extremely weak militarily because of the sanctions — compounded the original miscalculation of invading Afghanistan .
Secular President Saddam Hussein was probably fundamentalist al - Qaeda ’s principal ideological enemy in the Arab world , and Washington ordered his execution .
Meanwhile , the Iraqi national resistance forced the world ’s only military superpower into a humiliating stalemate , another fact about which the U.S. public is blissfully ignorant .
The Iraq war itself , now seven years old , has killed another million Iraqi people and created at least four million refugees .
Between the sanctions and the war , the U.S. has killed roughly 2.5 million Iraqis — almost 10 % of the population .
This does not seem to have penetrated the consciousness , much less the conscience , of the thoroughly propagandized American people .
The only winner of Bush ’s imperialist misadventure in Iraq was neighboring Shi’ite Iran , which had viewed Hussein ’s Ba’athist Sunni regime as its main enemy .
President Obama ’s decision to widen the Afghan war and to penetrate Pakistan and Yemen has once again played into al - Qaeda ’s hands , and continues to increase anti-U.S. views on the part of the Arab masses .
The good will Obama generated throughout the Muslim world by his warm , peaceful , convincing and ultimately deceptive words in Cairo a year ago has dissipated .
His actions have strengthened the tiny splinter of the Arab and Muslim population attracted to fringe groups that engage in violence , led by al - Qaeda .
WASHINGTON MUST REVERSE POLICY
If America ’s long , unsustainably expensive and essentially stalemated wars are doing little to eliminate the so - called " terrorist " threat , what ’s the alternative if Washington actually wants to eliminate terrorism ?
The answer is to recognize that the history of America ’s misdeeds in the Middle East is the main reason for the existence of al - Qaeda .
Instead of more wars , Washington must reverse its policies :
• Call off the wars .
Pull the troops out .
Withdraw the fleet and air bases from the region .
• Insist upon an equitable solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , and take measures to enhance Israel ’s compliance .
• Stop dominating and manipulating the countries of the Middle East to serve America ’s interests .
Discontinue support for undemocratic governments and monarchies .
Apologize for decades of manipulation and violence .
• Pay a huge compensation to the Iraqi people in particular .
Invest heavily in eliminating poverty in the entire region and improving social services for the masses of people .
• Allow the Arab people , and the Iranians as well of course , to work out their political , social and cultural contradictions and preferences without interference .
The United States is not the divine instrument chosen to redeem the world , and should stop behaving as though it were .
This will end jihadist terrorism .
And it can all be paid for with the money Washington saves by ending its wars and subversion in the region .
There is another problem as well , however , more dangerous and widespread than the small - group terrorism of a handful of individuals with homemade weapons .
That problem is state terrorism .
What else other than " state terrorism " can describe Washington ’s killer sanctions followed by the " shock and awe " bombing , invasion and occupation of Iraq against an essentially defenseless people ?
What else but state terrorism can we call U.S. - enabled Israel ’s horrendously disproportionate attack against the civilian population of Gaza , resulting in 1,400 Palestinian deaths and 14 Israeli deaths , followed by strangling sanctions ?
At this stage , only the people of the United States have the power to force their government to stop interfering in the Middle East , thus ending the retaliatory threat of terrorism .
And only the people have the power to end Washington ’s ongoing state terrorism against small developing countries in order to enhance its geopolitical fortunes .
So far , the U.S. government , whether controlled by one or the other of the two ruling parties , has hoodwinked most Americans into actively or passively supporting its aggressive wars .
This is surprisingly easy to do , not least because most of us Americans suffer not at all due to our country ’s violent and criminal adventures abroad .
It remains the task of those who see through the distortions and propaganda to speak up and take a public stand in opposition .
To do less is to be indifferent to , or complicit with , a gross iniquity .
Fellow arm sleepers , a new dawn is upon us .
For just $ 100 , we can alleviate the several tons of pressure that our massive craniums place upon our arms .
That , or our pillows now have a hoagie compartment .
[ HammacherSchlemmer via NerdApproved ]
Advertisement
VILNIUS , Lithuania —
If leaders of the world ’s many indebted countries want to see what austerity looks like , they might want to visit this Baltic nation of 3.3 million .
Faced with rising deficits that threatened to bankrupt the country , Lithuania cut public spending by 30 percent — including slashing public sector wages 20 to 30 percent and reducing pensions by as much as 11 percent .
Even the prime minister , Andrius Kubilius , took a pay cut of 45 percent .
And the government did n’t stop there .
It raised taxes on a wide variety of goods , like pharmaceutical products and alcohol .
Corporate taxes rose to 20 percent , from 15 percent .
The value - added tax rose to 21 percent , from 18 percent .
The net effect on this country ’s finances was a savings equal to 9 percent of gross domestic product , the second - largest fiscal adjustment in a developed economy , after Latvia ’s , since the credit crisis began .
I came across this new promotion that NTT Docomo look to be spending a lot of money on .
They are hoping it will have a social viral connection and spread around the internet quickly .
Time will tell .
It is not clear though whether this will help them fight off Softabank and the iPhone .
The promotion website can be seen here .
What do you think about docomo going over to the Dark Side ?
Star Wars ス Su
タ ta
ー –
ウ U
ォ o
ー –
ズ zu
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
There has always been and always will be diametrically opposed theories in the world of nutrition .
The most recent and probably most controversial argument now is whether or not agave is really a healthy natural sweetener or not .
I have been following this research for the past year , hesitant to make a solid call either way .
However , now I believe I have enough information to form an opinion I can stand by .
Below is some information so that you can read the facts and form your own opinion .
My personal opinion is that it is not a top natural sweetener and if used , should be used in moderation , like any other sweetener .
I give preference to stevia , organic maple syrup , raw honey , brown rice syrup and xylitol above agave nectar .
However , I absolutely love Coconut Bliss ice cream which is agave sweetened and have no plans to give that up .
Cogent articles against it :
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/03/30/beware-of-the-agave-nectar-health-food-fraud.aspx
http://www.westonaprice.org/health-topics/agave-nectar-worse-than-we-thought/
Noteworthy articles in defense of agave :
http://www.usnews.com/health/family-health/bones-joints-and-muscles/articles/2010/03/23/tequila-plant-may-help-fight-bone-loss.html
http://planetgreen.discovery.com/food-health/agave-fructose-corn-syrup.html
× Expand Hired crews install fiber optic cable in a neighborhood of Wilson in 2008 .
The Greenlight service has 5,000 subscribers .
Last Wednesday , state Sen. David Hoyle , D - Gaston , unveiled a bill that if passed , would severely restrict North Carolina municipalities attempting to build their own broadband network .
Supported by the powerful telecommunications companies , the bill would interminably delay or even halt public broadband projects .
Political observers speculated that Hoyle 's bill would explicitly call for a moratorium on municipal broadband .
The draft stops short of that , but the bill could kill efforts by rural communities to sidestep telecommunication companies , such as AT&T , Time Warner Cable and Embarq , and build their own networks , often at higher connection speeds than those offered by the private interests .
According to the bill draft , cities or counties would have to hold a public comment period and spend tax dollars on a referendum before a new municipal broadband network is approved .
Municipalities would have to seek funding for the network through government bonds , forcing them to use taxpayer money even though previously they did not have to use public financing .
Furthermore , the bill could be interpreted as requiring a referendum even for repairs or upgrades to the public broadband network , as well as refinancing the debt .
Jay Ovittore , co-director for Communities United for Broadband and an unpaid consumer advocate in Greensboro , breaks it down like this : " If the moratorium was the brick wall , this bill is the Great Wall of China . "
Hoyle introduced the bill at the May 5 Revenue Laws Study Committee meeting .
While state Rep. Paul Luebke , D - Durham , the committee co-chair , and Rep. Jennifer Weiss , D - Wake , spoke against the bill on behalf of consumers , it passed .
Now it will be assigned to another committee that it must clear before going to either a second committee or the full House for a vote .
Hoyle says the purpose behind his legislation is to save municipalities from themselves .
" These cities are getting into the broadband business with little or no experience and competing with private enterprise who pay the taxes , " he said .
However , according to a 2009 analysis by Democracy North Carolina , two telecommunications companies , AT&T and Embarq , both benefited from tax breaks on the purchases of telephone equipment that costs the state an estimated $ 31 million annually in lost revenue .
In 2008 , political action committees for AT&T and Embarq contributed $ 140,500 and $ 151,250 , respectively , to legislative candidates , statewide candidates and party committees .
The telecommunications industry has some of the most powerful lobbyists at the statehouse .
Hoyle contends he is not swayed by their support of the bill , even though the Time Warner PAC contributed $ 6,000 to Hoyle 's campaign in 2009 .
" The lobbyists do n't influence me , " he said .
" I'm in the pocket of the people that provide jobs for this state , and Time Warner Cable employees , 8,500 in this state , and I can't imagine any one that would want to compete with that . "
Consider the city of Wilson , which implemented a $ 28 million municipal broadband system " Greenlight " last year .
Wilson 's system offers speeds up to 100 mbps10 times faster than typical connection speeds offered by private Internet providers .
Time Warner customers in Wilson are benefiting from Greenlight 's competition .
According to a December 2009 presentation before the House Select Committee on High Speed Internet Access in Rural and Urban Areas , Time Warner raised its prices for basic service in the Triangleas much as 52 percent in Carybut did not impose any rate hike in Wilson .
Nor did the company increase prices in Wilson for the digital sports and games tier , while Triangle customers paid 41 percent more .
Cable and broadband consultant Catharine Rice of Action Audits gave the presentation ; she advocates for municipalities that want to build their own networks .
The bill could hurt Wilson 's Greenlight service , even though it 's been installed .
" The way the legislation is worded , and how I interpret it , " says Ovittore , " is that if the city of Wilson ... had a resident who was digging in their yardlet 's say putting a new mailbox inand accidentally damaged a strand of fiber , before that strand could be repaired the city would have to go through a referendum and vote , spending endless taxpayer dollars . "
A public referendum could also be required if Wilson wanted to connect an additional household to their existing system , Ovittore said .
Hoyle says that of the $ 30 million to build the network , Wilson used $ 12 million of it from the utility account .
" People there are raising hell about their electricity bill , and it 's just not right , " he said .
Wilson residents do pay higher utility rates than many other cities , not because of Greenlight , but Shearon Harris Nuclear Plant , said Wilson public affairs manager Brian Bowman said .
The city is paying off debt incurred more than 30 years ago , when Wilson , along with dozens of other North Carolina cities including Apex , Greenville and Smithfield bought partial ownership in the Shearon Harris nuclear power plant , which was under construction at the time .
The cities and towns invested in the plant to make sure they would have enough powerbut the flip side is the muncipalities , and their residents , are still paying the costs of the plant today .
Eight - two cents of every dollar spent on electrical service pays for purchased power and long - term debt .
Bowman said the city borrowed the $ 28 million on the private market .
As for Hoyle 's $ 12 million figure , Bowman said , much lessonly $ 3.6 million had been set aside from the electric fund by City Council in 1989 ; it was re-designated in 1999 .
" It has always been part of our funding package , " he said .
As for the electric bills , Bowman said they were higher earlier this year because of the particularly cold winter , not the cost of the network .
Time Warner Cable contends it does n't oppose municipal broadband systems in general and that the bill only applies to a city that chooses to take taxpayer money to build a competing network as if it were a private provider .
" We just believe that they should have to operate under the same rules as the private provider , " said Melissa Buscher , director of media relations at Time Warner Cable .
" We do believe people in the community should have a say - so in how large amounts of public monies are spent . "
Yet many broadband projects , such as Wilson's , are n't funded by taxpayer dollars .
And subscribers pay for Greenlight service as they would Time Warner Cable .
Bowman said that the business plan does not call for Greenlight to operate in the black until at the end of the third year ; the service is in its second year .
" This would be the same for a private cable company serving a new area , " he said .
" If they attributed all of their expenses to build the system and hire the employees specifically to the new area served , then it would take time to add customers until they reached the point where the customers in the new area were covering the expense to serve it . "
It is well established that public referenda are vulnerable to politicking and influence by private industry groups .
For example , the land - transfer tax was defeated in several counties after the N.C. Homebuilders Association poured hundreds of thousands of dollars into a campaign to defeat it .
Governments , by law , cannot advocate for their position in a referendum , which also requires tax dollars to hold .
A similar anti-broadband effort by the telecommunications companies can be expected in any public vote .
Hoyle says broadband access is not an issue in the state .
" I 've heard that BS , and it 's just not trueperiod , " he said .
" Anybody that needs service has got served in this state and will continue to get served . "
Hoyle 's words sound a lot like those of Time Warner Cable , which also contends broadband availability is not an issue .
" Based on a map of the state done in 2009 by Connected Nation , more than 92 percent of homes in North Carolina have broadband available to them , " said Buscher .
" A vast majority of those have two wireline providers , some have wireless providers , plus satellite offers broadband to literally every home in the state .
This is n't an availability issue .
Anyone who wants Internet service can get it today . "
Those claims are dubious .
Chatham County Commissioner
Tom Vanderbeck has advocated for rural broadband access since 2006 in an area where pockets still have only dial - up and DSL .
Vanderbeck was recently appointed by the General Assembly to serve on the e-NC Authority , which promotes statewide rural broadband .
He calls Hoyle 's bill anti-competitive , one that would discriminate against local government .
( North Carolina communities were desperate to apply for Google 's fiber - optic contest Of the 1,100 applicants Google received , 36 came from North Carolina communities . )
Chatham County Director of Community Relations Debra
Henzey says the bill runs counter to USDA studies proving rural communities must have broadband connectivity to economically succeed .
" Requiring a vote , when you have deep pockets that can fight it and put up as much money as they want , while making the project sound like a waste of taxpayer dollarsthat would be a tragedy , " she adds .
Henzy says the broadband bill would harm Chatham County residents , 60 percent of whom commute outside the county for work .
The county desperately wants to recruit new businesses , and according to the most recent Chatham County Economic Development Strategic Plan study , all of its target industries ( health care , medical , marketing , etc. ) are increasingly dependent on broadband .
" Broadband expansion is critical for North Carolina 's economy , " said Rep. Luebke .
" Governments need to be among the potential providers , especially when a private sector is n't encouraging that service . "
Image caption
Aid donors had put pressure on the government to free the pair
A gay couple jailed in Malawi after getting engaged have been pardoned by President Bingu wa Mutharika .
Mr Mutharika , speaking as UN chief Ban Ki-moon visited his country , said he had ordered their immediate release .
Steven Monjeza and Tiwonge Chimbalanga were given 14 - year jail terms earlier this month after being convicted of gross indecency and unnatural acts .
The case has sparked international condemnation and a debate about homosexuality in the country .
Mr Ban hailed the president 's decision as " courageous " .
" This outdated penal code should be reformed wherever it may exist , " he said .
The BBC's Karen Allen , in Lilongwe , says Mr Ban is trying to put pressure on parliamentarians to reform anti-homosexuality laws that date back to colonial times .
' Culture of hate '
Correspondents say Malawi is a deeply conservative society where religious leaders equate same - sex liaisons with Satanism .
ANALYSIS
The president has certainly gone against public opinion in pardoning the gay men .
What we have seen recently is a boldening of public opinion against gay rights .
But this issue is causing friction between Western governments and several African nations which have similar legislation .
It will be interesting to see what the reaction is on the rest of the continent .
There is talk of constitutional change in a number of countries across Africa which , theoretically at least , could see gay people protected .
But so far , South Africa is the only country on the continent to legislate for gay rights .
If public opinion does not change , it is unlikely many other countries will follow their lead .
Mr Mutharika , who has in the past dismissed homosexuality as alien , said he had set them free on humanitarian grounds .
" In all aspects of reasoning , in all aspects of human understanding , these two gay boys were wrong - totally wrong , " he said after meeting Mr Ban .
" However , now that they have been sentenced , I as the president of this country have the powers to pronounce on them and therefore , I have decided that with effect from today , they are pardoned and they will be released . "
Monjeza , 26 , and Chimbalanga , 20 , were arrested in December 2009 after celebrating their engagement .
They have been in custody ever since .
Their lawyers say the two men are likely to be freed by Monday .
Our correspondent says there are plenty of people who were not sorry to see the men go to jail , many of whom will be slightly puzzled at the president 's announcement .
Gift Trapence , from the campaign group Centre for the Development of People , welcomed the decision .
" We 're very happy and we praise the president for his maturity , but there is still a long way to go to end the culture of hate , " he said .
External pressure
Aid donors and human rights groups have been putting pressure on his government to respect the rights of minority groups .
The UK government , Malawi 's biggest donor , said it was dismayed by the sentencing , and the US labelled it a step backwards for human rights .
On Saturday , British popstar and Aids campaigner Sir Elton John wrote an open letter to Mr Mutharika in the UK's Guardian newspaper pleading for the release of the pair .
" Their trial and harsh sentencing will have a perilous effect on our continuing efforts to combat Aids in Malawi and potentially reverse the gains we have achieved , " he said .
The two men were convicted under a law dating back to colonial rule by Britain .
Many of Britain 's former colonies have similar laws outlawing homosexuality ; India overturned its anti-homosexuality law last year .
In Uganda , MPs are debating whether to strengthen the laws to include the death penalty for some gay people - a move which has infuriated Western governments and rights campaigners .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Ripping off the public Program length - 3:52 Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
You gotta love this
Advertisement
In the first segment , Kramer preaches free enterprise and paints a ridiculously rosy picture of stock trading for amateurs .
In the second segment , he instructs hedge funds on the fine points of how to scam the public by creating false signals in the market .
You 'll know the bear market is over for real when this guy and CNBC is off the air .
Not just his show , but the entire network - gone .
People are going to lose so much money in the next leg down and become so disgusted with scam artists like Kramer , they 'll leave the market for decades just as their grandparents did from the 30s to the mid 60s .
Fallacies in Kramer 's BS arguments :
1 . What normal person had $ 10,000 in cash to buy and hold Merck stock in the 1950s ?
That was more than the average annual salary for a professional .
2 . The stock market would have eliminated the possibility of Karl Marx and communism ?
Not quite .
Stock and commodity trading has been going on since the 1600s .
It 's always been an insiders game and one that non-professionals enter at their peril .
The Shadow Case Model of Complexity
An approach to clustering based on a new model of complexity
Nina Balcan is one of the top young researchers in computational learning theory .
She is not only a strong problem solver , but has a vision of her field that is wonderful .
Today I want to talk about a breakthrough she has made with Avrim Blum and Anupam Gupta .
Their work has created an entire new way of looking at problems , and I think it will be considered soon , if not already , as one of the great results of recent times .
Nina was hired over two years ago , then she spent a year at the Microsoft Labs in Boston .
We — at Tech — held our collective breath hoping she would leave there and come “ back ” to Tech .
She did , much to our delight .
Classic Complexity Models
One of the main contributions of complexity theory is the formalization of what it means for an algorithm to be efficient .
Prior to modern complexity theory , there were algorithms , but there was no way to understand their performance abstractly .
Of course , one could use a stop - watch approach , and people did .
Algorithms were timed on benchmark data — this is still done today .
But , the ability to compare the performance of algorithms as a mathematical notion is , in my opinion , one of the great contributions of the field .
In the following let be a collection of problem instances .
As usual will be used to denote the size of the problem .
Worst Case Model :
This is the classic gold standard model we all know and love .
Given an algorithm we judge its performance by how well it does on the worst possible instance of size .
I have discussed this model before here .
The strength of the model is also its weakness : sometimes problem instances are not worst case .
Sometimes , it “ feels ” that instances have some additional structure or some additional properties — but it is hard to make this “ feeling ” precise .
Average Case Model :
This is now a classic model whose formal version is due to Leonid Levin — see the survey by Andrej Bogdanov and Luca Trevisan .
The concept here is that additional structure is captured by assuming the problem instances come from a random distribution .
There are many pretty results in this area , but there seems to be something unrealistic about the model .
How often are instances of a problem really selected according to a random distribution ?
This is the primary difficulty with this model of complexity — it is not easy to see why instances are random .
There are other models , but these are two of the main ones .
In the next sections I will discuss the new model due to Nina and her colleagues .
A New Model
Nina has developed a new model that is currently called the BBG model after the three authors of the seminal paper : Balcan , Blum , and Gupta .
Shadow Case Model :
This is the new model — the name is mine .
The central idea is that in practice , problem instances are not selected by an all powerful adversary , nor are they selected by the flip of a coin .
BBG argue instances are selected to have a certain formal property that allows approximation algorithms to work .
I think we need a better name , but for now I will stay with “ the Shadow Case model . ”
I have always thought problem instances are neither worst case nor random , but have never been able to find a good replacement .
BBG seem to have succeeded in finding the right way to model many situations .
At first it seems like their idea might be circular : a problem instance is “ good , ” provided our algorithms work well on it .
This might be true , but it seems useless for building a sound theory .
The magic is BBG have a notion of what a “ good ” instance is , they can build a sound mathematical theory , further the theory is beautiful , and even better it works in practice .
Hard to beat .
Application to Clustering
Here is how they make the Shadow Case model concrete for the classic problem of clustering .
As always see their paper for the details and for the generalization to domains other than clustering .
They assume there is a metric space with a distance function .
You are given points from the space , and the task is to find a division of the points into sets , clusters .
They assume there is a true clustering into sets ,
Finding this cluster is usually very hard , so we almost always settle for a clustering
that is “ near ” the true clustering .
The notion of near is quite simple — just count the fraction of points that are in the wrong cluster .
This induces a natural distance function on set systems .
The goal is to find a clustering so the distance to the true one is at most some small .
So far nothing new , nothing different : this is all standard stuff .
Of course the clustering problem as set up is impossible to solve .
Not just hard .
Impossible , since we have no prior knowledge of the true clustering .
The key to making all this work is the following .
Let be any measure on the quality of a particular clustering .
Say the Shadow Hypothesis holds for with parameters provided : for any clustering with
then is within of the true clustering .
There several remarks I need to make .
Note , the definition is not meant to be checkable , since it refers to the which is almost always impossible to compute efficiently .
Second , they use the assumption in a very clever way .
They do not go and find a clustering that is close to the optimum and then move it around somehow .
No .
They use the assumption purely in the background .
The mere existence of the property is used to get an algorithm that works .
This is the brilliance of their notion .
The reason I call it the Shadow Case Model should now be clear .
It is not that I do not like BBG , but I wanted to highlight that there is something lurking in the “ shadows . ”
The assumption talks about an optimum they never find , and an approximation to that optimum they never find either .
Here is a kind of lemma they can prove using the Shadow Hypothesis .
Lemma : Suppose a - median clustering problem instance satisfies the Shadow Hypothesis with parameters .
Then , at most points have a distance to their true cluster of more than where is the average distance of each point to its true cluster .
Lemmas like this allow them to create simple and fast algorithms that get terrific clustering results .
Again the measure , the optimal clustering , and even the approximation to it , all remain in the shadows .
This is very neat work — see their paper for how all the magic works .
Open Problems
There are two obvious open problems .
What is the right name for this notion ?
Is BBG the right one ?
If they use Shadow they can use , perhaps , Shadow the Hedgehog as their logo :
The most important open problem is to start using the model on other areas of theory .
This is already well underway , but I expect a flood of papers using their brilliant idea .
Finally , the complexity theorist in me wants to know if there are ways to use their model to define formal complexity classes ?
Is this possible ?
A federal judge has struck down a Florida law prohibiting the publication of a police officer 's name , phone number or address , calling the statute an unconstitutional restraint on speech .
The decision leaves Arizona , Colorado and Washington state with similar laws on the books .
Florida authorities said Wednesday they were mulling whether to appeal .
Robert Brayshaw , a 35 - year - old apartment manager , brought the challenge to Florida 's law after he was briefly jail in 2008 for posting personally identifying information of a Tallahassee police officer on RateMyCop.com – a 2 - year - old website that lets users rate and comment on the uniformed police officers in their community .
RateMyCop uses public records requests to gather the names and , in some cases , badge numbers of thousands of uniformed cops at police departments around the country , and allows users to post comments about police they ’ve interacted with .
The site 's launch in 2008 drew cries of outrage from police , who complained that they ’d be put at risk if their names were on the internet .
Brayshaw used the site to post anonymous comments about Tallahassee Police Officer Annette Garrett , as well as her name and home address – information not normally cataloged by the site .
He wrote that Garrett was rude to him when investigating a trespass call at an apartment complex he was managing .
" He had been investigated for a possible trespass charge , which he was never arrested for , " Brayshaw 's attorney , Anne Swerlick , said in a telephone interview .
" He was unsatisfied by the way he was treated . "
The authorities subpoenaed RateMyCop and Brayshaw 's internet service provider to learn his identity , then booked him under the Florida law – a misdemeanor carrying up to a year in jail .
The case was later dismissed against Brayshaw for procedural reasons , but he sued , claiming the statute chills his speech .
U.S. District Judge Richard Smoak in Tallahassee agreed , and awarded Brayshaw $ 25,000 in damages plus legal fees Friday .
The judge ruled the First Amendment does not protect " true threats , fighting words , incitements to imminent lawless action , and classes of lewd and obscene speech . "
But publishing an officer 's phone number and address , he said , " is not in itself a threat or serious expression of an intent to commit an unlawful act of violence " ( .pdf ) .
Smoak wrote that he appreciated the intent of the 38 - year - old law , but noted that it went too far .
" While the state interest of protecting police officers from harm or death may be compelling , " the judge said the law " was not narrowly tailored to serve this interest . "
See Also :
A Virginia official 's reported investigation of a prominent climate scientist , Penn State 's Michael Mann , has sparked complaints of a " witch hunt " from a science organization .
Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli " has demanded that the University of Virginia turn over documents related to a former UVa climatology professor , " reports the Charlottesville Daily Progress .
The documents involve five federal grants received by Mann , who taught at the University of Virginia from 1999 to 2005 .
" This really looks like a witch hunt , with a politician going after a researcher , " says Aaron Huertas of the Union of Concerned Scientists , a science advocacy group .
" The people attacking Mann are sidelining discussion about climate science with personal attacks on scientists . "
" The attorney general 's office can neither confirm nor deny the existence or nonexistence of a pending investigation , " says Brian Gottstein , a spokesman for Cuccinelli , by e-mail ( SEE UPDATE BELOW ) .
Cuccinelli made headlines recently by appealing an EPA finding that greenhouse gases endanger public health .
Mann is best known for a 1999 Nature study he co-authored finding average surface temperatures in the 20th century higher than past centuries , leaping dramatically upwards in a " hockey stick " shape , resembling an " L " lying on its back .
Following 2005 Congressional hearings over the " hockey stick " results , a 2006 National Research Council report found the Mann paper 's conclusion , " has subsequently been supported by an array of evidence . "
However , this has never satisfied his critics , such as Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , who in a February letter to the National Science Foundation cited e-mails purloined last year from the United Kingdom 's University of East Anglia climate research team to suggest Mann and colleagues " manipulate data and research . "
( In his challenge to the EPA finding , Cuccinelli similarly cited the e-mails . )
The e-mails included notes to and from Mann critical of climate science naysayers .
Subsequent Penn State investigation and two United Kingdom investigations have found no wrongdoing by the climate researchers , with at least two more reviews still underway .
" I have n't been contacted about this , " Mann says , by telephone .
" This looks like some sort of end - run at old e-mails for another politically - driven attempt at diverting the public from thinking about what we ought to do about climate . "
Update :
In a Wednesday phone interview , when asked about scientists viewing his investigation as a political effort and not a genuine legal one , Cuccinelli said ,
" On a human level , given the cynicism about politics , I can understand people jumping to that conclusion .
All I can tell you is we 're going to give this a pure , objective review under Virginia State law , and wherever it leads , it leads .
And whatever we think about Micheal Mann 's politically - activist scientific efforts are utterly irrelevant . "
By Dan Vergano
Jetpack Jackass
Jetpack Jackass – How strong is the power of love ?
Find out how high it can take you when you try to propel Sam as high into the stratosphere as possible , powered by the lift of his homemade jetpack as well as leaps off of the various chunks of scattered debris that litter the air .
Sam ’s ultimate quest is to reach the moon , where he ’ll carve the initials of his his true love .
Nevermind that she eerily resembles Sam himself .
Sam ’s mission in Jetpack Jackass is to soar , and there are plenty of obstacles in his way , including airplanes , blimps , brick walls , and an International Space Station .
The jetpack ride begins on what looks like a backyard launching pad , complete with an Archie Bunker - type recliner perched high atop a metal scaffolding .
Upon liftoff , Sam immediately enters a field of obstacles , through which you must steer in order to avoid free - falling into a burning church or gas station .
To navigate successfully , you use the mouse pointer , and help yourself by bouncing off the floating debris to reach new heights .
When needed , you can press the mouse button to access fuel canisters that provide an extra boost .
To keep your climb from stalling , you can collect addtional canisters along the way , as well as letter balloons to spell the name of your loved one .
Of course , those also help you soar even higher .
Now that ’s the power love .
Play Jetpack Jackass @ AdultSwim >>
I ’m kind of annoyed when I click a web link and it happens to be an iTunes Store link …
iTunes then opens and it takes me out of my browser .
I searched around for an easy solution and came across a method that reliably stops iTunes from launching when an iTunes App Store or Music Store link is clicked from a web browser .
If you do n’t want iTunes links opening the application from the web , you are not alone , so we have published a nice how - to guide on preventing iTunes from launching every time you click on any iTunes web link .
Here are two methods for stopping this in Safari , one uses an extension and another uses iTunes associations :
Prevent web links from launching iTunes with Safari
If you are using a newer version of Safari , you can also check out the NoMoreiTunes extension here to block iTunes store links directly within Safari .
For other versions of Safari , or if you do n’t want to use extensions , carry on …
Changing Safari ’s behavior with iTunes links is really easy within Mac OS X , here ’s how to do it :
Create any text file on your desktop , name the file change .itms Confirm the file extension change ( from text to itms ) Get Info about the change .itms file by selecting it and hitting Command + i ( or Right - click and select ‘ Get Info ’ )
Hit the arrow next to ‘ Open with : ’ and you ’ll see iTunes. app is selected as the default , this is what you want to change Click the pull down menu and select ‘ Other ’ and then navigate to Safari , enable ‘ All Applications ’ , then click ‘ Add ’ and “ Change All ” “ Change All ” is important because it will change the behavior of all clicked itms ( iTunes Music Store ) links to launch within Safari rather than iTunes
That ’s it !
You may need to relaunch Safari to experience the changed behavior , but it worked fine for me when I opened a new Safari window .
What about stopping iTunes links opening from Chrome and Firefox ?
In Chrome you simply add a domain block to “ itunes.apple.com ” within Javascript Exceptions and they stop , effectively preventing iTunes from opening when such a link is opened from the Chrome browser .
In FireFox you make a few changes in the about : config advanced preference area .
If you ’re confused about the other browser options , you can see how to do both of these in detail at TheAppleBlog .
Let us know what works best for you !
The project had remained secret until an inquiry in Germany earlier this month in which Google was forced to admit that it “ mistakenly ” downloaded data packets , which may have included fragments of emails and other data , from unsecured wireless networks where they were not protected by a password .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Pedro Noguera is the guest editor of this week ’s special issue on education .
Before his election President Obama carved out what many regarded as a more progressive and enlightened position on education reform .
Recognizing that No Child Left Behind ( NCLB ) had become widely unpopular because of its overemphasis on standardized tests , he declared , " Do n’t tell us that the only way to teach a child is to spend too much of the year preparing him to fill out a few bubbles in a standardized test . "
He pledged to lead the nation in a different direction .
Ad Policy
We are still waiting for a change of course .
Since the election , the president and his secretary of education , Arne Duncan , have adopted policies that , to the chagrin of many of their supporters , have had far more in common with the previous administration than expected .
Market - based reforms like performance pay for teachers , the excessive emphasis on charter schools as alternatives to traditional public schools and the distribution of federal funds — once treated as entitlements to compensate for poverty — through competitive grants all represent a disturbing continuity with the policies of the past .
The Obama administration gets some credit for not ignoring education despite being preoccupied with several formidable challenges .
But the new initiatives do not reflect the change many hoped Obama would deliver .
For those who worked hard to help Barack Obama win the election , this is a sad and difficult realization , but there is still time to change the focus and direction of the administration ’s education policies .
Decisive measures and bold reforms are needed to address the many serious challenges confronting the nation ’s schools and to recover from eight years of misguided policies .
As state governments enact severe cuts to education budgets and lay off teachers on a scale not seen in more than thirty years , it will be equally important for the federal government to restore our commitment to public education .
It must find ways to target support to schools in impoverished communities and , where possible , to use federal funds to compensate for the loss of state and local money .
However , change in education cannot be implemented on a piecemeal basis .
The administration needs a new vision , one rooted in the recognition that schools must provide equal opportunity for all children to learn if the schools are to fulfill their vital role as the cornerstone of our democracy .
For this to happen , the administration must understand what was wrong with NCLB and the policies pursued by the Bush administration , and it must direct funds where change and innovation are most needed .
To begin with , Obama and Duncan would do well to exercise better judgment in the language they choose and the approach they take in addressing the politics of education .
Duncan ’s assertion that Hurricane Katrina was " the best thing that happened to the education system in New Orleans " because it gave the city a chance to rebuild and improve its failing public schools was particularly callous and misguided , given that the educational needs of many children in that devastated city still have not been addressed .
It also was n’t wise for Duncan to describe the mass firing of teachers in Central Falls , Rhode Island , as " courageous , " especially given that there is no reserve supply of highly qualified teachers waiting for their chance to replace those who have been dismissed .
Furthermore , Obama and Duncan ’s emphasis on narrowly framed pay - for - performance schemes that punish and reward teachers is insensitive to the needs of schools plagued by high failure rates .
Educators were an important part of Obama ’s base in the 2008 election ; although this does not mean the administration should avoid shaking things up or refrain from adopting reforms that may anger some union locals , it makes no sense to inflame them with careless and accusatory rhetoric .
Second , while there is ample evidence that major changes and a new direction are needed , this will require more than a rebranding of No Child Left Behind .
Rather than launch another set of Bush - type reforms ( e.g. , academic standards for preschools ) or distributing funds through a competitive process that leaves out most states at a time when funding is scarce ( e.g. , Race to the Top ) , the administration must comprehend why the policies of the Bush years did not produce greater success .
From the exceedingly high dropout rates in many urban school districts ( more than 50 percent in cities such as Los Angeles , Detroit , Cleveland and St. Louis ) to the hundreds of chronically underperforming schools that Duncan claims need to be shut down , signs of failure abound .
Figuring out why NCLB failed to do more to improve schools in high - poverty communities requires rejecting simplistic approaches like those being taken by New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg and his schools chancellor , Joel Klein , who have shut down ninety - one failing schools in the past eight years .
It is important to note that these schools failed on Bloomberg and Klein ’s watch and did not respond to their reforms .
Closing troubled schools may sound like decisive action , but it does not amount to a reform strategy .
When policy - makers are unclear about why their policies do not result in improvement , and are even less clear about what must be done differently to prevent failure in the future , closing schools is little more than a punitive shell game .
Third , the need for change is clear , but history has shown that change in public education does not come easily or quickly .
The Obama administration deserves credit for its willingness to provide funds to promote reform , but it is far too impressed with quick fixes like mayoral control of urban districts and charter schools .
Over the past forty years studies have shown that education policy must be devised in concert with health reform , poverty alleviation initiatives and economic development in order to address the roots of failure in the most depressed areas .
From crime and unemployment to teen pregnancy and even racism , education — or the lack thereof — is implicated in many of our nation ’s social and economic problems .
Education can be part of the solution to these and many other problems if reforms are designed and implemented in concert with key constituents — parents , teachers , local leaders and students — and with an understanding of how they must be coordinated with other aspects of social policy .
The government can play an important role in prodding the nation ’s schools to improve .
It can use federal dollars to provide financial incentives for teachers with a track record of effectiveness to work in disadvantaged schools and communities .
It can enforce civil rights laws and challenge school districts that have become resegregated thanks to policies that track students based on dubious measures of ability or that use special education , dead - end programs for English - language learners and punitive discipline practices to limit the access of minority students to academic opportunities .
And the government can designate the best schools — charters and traditional public schools — as professional development training laboratories where educators from less successful schools can observe and learn about " best practices " in teaching and educational intervention .
Even without the support of the federal government there have been a number of reforms implemented at the local level that show considerable promise .
For example , in Birmingham , Alabama , the courts have required schools to address the underlying causes of discipline problems and mandated that they stop arresting students for minor behavior infractions .
This has resulted in a remarkable reduction in juvenile incarceration rates in the past two years .
As David L. Kirp describes in this issue , there are a growing number of schools in cities like Portland , Chicago and New York that function as community service centers and are providing children with nourishing meals , after - school enrichment programs and regular exercise .
Such schools are also producing significant increases in academic achievement and improved health for the children they serve .
Innovative partnerships between schools , universities and biotech industries in the San Francisco Bay Area have created pathways to well - paid jobs in a sector of the economy that had formerly been inaccessible to urban youth .
And school / university partnerships in Chicago , Philadelphia and Worcester , Massachusetts , have created exemplary schools where gaps in achievement associated with students ’ race and class have begun to disappear .
Were the administration to embrace a broader and bolder vision of reform and devise policies to back it up , the government could establish promising programs like these in the communities that need them most .
If the administration is serious about pursuing such a vision , it would work with unions to develop a reform agenda that improves conditions for teaching and learning in troubled schools and makes it easier to remove ineffective teachers from classrooms .
It would encourage students and teachers to utilize their talent , creativity and imagination rather than allowing the school curriculum to be reduced to preparing students to perform on standardized tests .
And it would recognize that schools have an essential role to play in renewing and invigorating American democracy by encouraging critical thinking and civic engagement .
The administration must not be afraid to remind the public that this is , in fact , the historic purpose for which public schools were created .
Education is an invaluable national resource , one that must be supported and protected even as it is also pushed to change .
Two years ago , several of the authors of the articles in this special issue of The Nation called upon policy - makers to adopt a comprehensive approach to education reform ( see boldapproach.org ) .
We need to see such an approach reflected in education policy now .
We must aim higher than we have before and recognize that our future will , to a large degree , be determined by the way America treats its schools and the manner in which it educates future generations .
Read the other pieces in the special issue on education :
Linda Darling - Hammond , Restoring Our Schools
Susan Eaton , The Pull of Magnets
Diane Ravitch , Why I Changed My Mind
Phillissa Cramer , Bright Ideas
David L. Kirp , Cradle to College
Il Piglia Posted on 20/9/2008 , 16:59 amo il natale ,
i parenti
e la neve
Group : Member Posts : 8,081
Status :
CITAZIONE ( Sampey @ 20/9/2008 , 17:48 )
Tolto il fatto che e' completamente vestita , poi cmq c'e pure il watermark di JailBait seeker .........
io non metterei qui una di tredici anni a priori , anche se fosse vestita da palombaro , in ogni caso fate vobis io non metterei qui una di tredici anni a priori , anche se fosse vestita da palombaro , in ogni caso fate vobis
Thursday , April 22 , 2010 [ Tweets ] [ Favorites ]
Technical Note TN2267 :
This reference describes the Video Decode Acceleration framework available on Mac OS X 10.6.3 and later [ … ] providing low - level access to the H.264 decoding capabilities of compatible GPUs such as the NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M , GeForce 320 M or GeForce GT 330 M .
It is intended for use by advanced developers who specifically need hardware accelerated decode of video frames .
Looks like this was provided so Adobe could make Flash more efficient .
Stay up - to - date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post .
Oh , how we wish we ’d seen Substrata ’s Wood Cases for iPhone 3G / 3GS ( $ 95 + ) sooner — maybe a year ago , before both models were facing the threat of imminent discontinuation .
Why care about yet another iPhone case ?
These are some seriously beautiful little designs : the model at top is the officially released case in wenge and maple ( $ 120 ) , while the others are unreleased : one is an “ Asymmetrical ” model made from padauk , wenge , and maple , while the other has a mix of walnut , wenge , and figured maple .
Each case uses the same solid , carved wood design with a front panel that slides downwards to let the iPhone in , then back upwards to lock closed , providing full button , camera speaker , and microphone access , with somewhat limited headphone and Dock Connector port access due to small holes and deeply recessed ports .
Completely hand made , the cases are pretty amazing even by the standards of prior wood designs we ’ve seen from Europe — the beveling is extremely handsome , and we loved the fact that the cases arrived with wood shavings rather than styrofoam or bubble wrap as packing material .
We ’re looking forward to seeing what Substrata does for the iPad .
Our Rating
NA Not Rated
Company and Price
Company : Substrata
Website : www.Substrata.net
Model : Wood Cases
Price : $ 95 +
Compatible : iPhone 3G / 3GS
I ’ve communicated with hundreds of startup founders over the past three years , and I ’ve begun to notice a pattern .
There are three points during the creating of a startup where the founders are most likely to close up shop .
I call these the “ danger points ” and this post looks at how to avoid them .
Point # 1 : Choosing a Product Idea
There are three types of people : those who understand binary and those who do n’t .
No , wait … that ’s a different blog post .
There are two types of people : those who are impulsive and those who over - analyze decisions .
If you ’re impulsive do n’t worry about this point ; you ’ll have no clue what it ’s about .
But if you tend to over - think your decisions , then choosing a product idea is going to take months … nay , years .
That ’s right – odds are high that by the time you figure out what you want to build you could have built and launched multiple products in the same time frame .
This is because committing to a product feels like a permanent decision , and a decision that ’s easy to screw up .
While there is a limit to what you can “ know ” about a product idea before you start building , if you do your niche research you can eliminate much of the uncertainty that goes into choosing a product idea ( Pamela Slim talks about finding a niche here , here and here , and Mike and I have a step by step approach for finding and testing a niche in the Micropreneur Academy ) .
While you ’ll never remove all uncertainty , you can remove enough that making the niche decision is a bit more clear cut than the dart board approach you ’re using now .
Niche research can make a world of difference in your confidence level as you start writing code .
Point # 2 : Two Months Into Development
Around the two month mark you will hit a dip .
A big one .
You ’ve spent every evening and weekend for the past two months and you ’re barely making progress .
And with the feature list ever - expanding it looks like you wo n’t launch for 8 months ( or more ) .
This is a common cause of death for small startups .
The first way to combat this milestone is to have a detailed feature list and an estimate for every task on that list .
This list should include marketing tasks and anything else you need to get through your launch date .
This list will be large ; likely 80 - 120 lines long .
With an estimate for each item you should be looking at 400 - 600 hours total .
For everything .
If you ’re over 600 hours you need to cut something .
Unless you have multiple , commited founders each working 10 - 15 hours per week on your product , you will not make it to launch if your total is over 600 hours ( well , there ’s a chance you will make it to launch , but a very small one ) .
This means cutting features .
It ’s a hard decision to make , but the quickest way to reduce your total hour count is not to “ get faster at writing code ” ( I say with the tone once used on me by a manager ) , but to push features to v2.0 .
The other approach I ’ve mentioned before is to outsource .
Even outsourcing construction of your sales website , or the HTML / CSS conversion , or copywriting can remove 20 - 80 hours from your time line and dramatically increase your chance of making it to launch day .
Point # 3 : One Month After Launch
The main reason someone shuts their company down after launch ?
They thought it would be easier to make sales .
They thought people would flock to their idea , fumbling for their credit cards the moment they heard someone had developed a re-tweeting cloud app for Facebook fan pages .
But alas , being heard above the din of the internet is a tricky thing .
Ask any startup founder .
No , the first few months after launch are extremely hard unless you ’ve planned your launch well and identified the number one goal of your website .
It ’s not to sell your product …it ’s to get people to come back to your website at a time in the future when they are ready to buy .
This is most commonly achieved through a blog , podcast , or email list .
This is off the radar for most developers – most of us just want to write code and sell it to people .
Oy , if only it were that easy .
( I ’ve written an entire section on the “ # 1 goal of your website ” in my upcoming book , Start Small , Stay Small : A Developer ’s Guide to Launching a Startup ) .
The bottom line here is to take your launch seriously , as seriously as you ’ve taken your product development .
A successful launch will provide motivation to continue during the rough months ahead as you begin to support your product .
Having an email list to notify on your launch day will result in your best sales day ever .
This is the proper way to launch .
The wrong way is to assume that emailing bloggers the week before you move your website live will drive traffic that result in sales .
Or that you ’ll make hundreds of sales using AdWords .
AdWords are good , but you ’re not going to make a big splash on day 1 .
They take time to hone and become profitable .
Same with SEO .
The marketing arsenal of a small startup should include all of the above items , but most of them take months ( 4 - 6 or more ) to become profitable .
If you want to turn a profit quickly … concentrate on building an email list for your launch .
The final aspect of launching well is having the right expectations .
A Micropreneur emailed a few months ago asking how he could sell six figures worth of his product in the first six months .
He ’s been following the edge cases too long … reading Fast Company and watching Balsalmiq ( a great product , just a very atypical first year for a small company ) .
I let him know he would be better off if he adjusted his expectations and shot for $ 6 k in revenue in the first 6 months .
Sound low ?
It ’s more than the vast majority of launches I ’ve seen in the past three years .
But once you make it past that first six months , that ’s when things get interesting .
WHEN NEWT COMPARES AMERICANS TO NAZIS ….
From time to time , far - right voices will complain that MoveOn.org ran ads several years ago comparing the Bush administration to Nazis .
The ads do n’t exist in reality , but facts aside , conservatives keep pushing the myth precisely because of its perceived power : those who compare Americans , especially America ’s elected leadership , to Nazis are necessarily loathsome radicals .
We now know , of course , that those rules no longer apply .
Not only do assorted right - wing activists appear at Tea Party events with pictures of President Obama with a Hitler mustache , but disgraced former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has published a book that draws the parallels explicitly .
[ Gingrich ] is promoting his new book , To Save America , which argues repeatedly that the Obama administration and Democrats in Congress are a “ secular - socialist machine ” that “ represents as great a threat to America as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union . ”
Gingrich has repeatedly defended this claim , telling both NBC ’s Meredith Vieira and Fox News ’ Chris Wallace that he truly believes that the Obama administration is an equivalent “ threat ” to America as brutal dictators like Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin . [ … ]
In reaching to make his case , Gingrich repeatedly tries desperately to connect the Obama administration with Nazi Germany .
Remember , MoveOn.org was supposed to be expelled from public life forever for an ad the group did n’t run , but Newt Gingrich is sought out by major media outlets as a credible , sane voice on international affairs , all evidence to the contrary notwithstanding .
In fairness , I ’ve been pleasantly surprised by the conservatives who agree that Gingrich has gone too far this time .
Joe Scarborough described Gingrich ’s latest lunacy as “ sick ” and “ shameful ” this week .
Former Rep. Susan Molinari ( R - N.Y. ) , who was part of Gingrich ’s caucus in the 1990s , called Gingrich ’s comparison “ just crazy . ”
But the disgraced , humiliated former Speaker just keeps defending the comparison , insisting that the president and his allies pose an existential threat to the United States , just like the Nazis and the Soviets .
By any reasonable measure , Gingrich really has turned into an unhinged nut , and an embarrassment to himself .
It was n’t too long ago — say , before January 2009 — that comparing American leaders to Nazis was simply beyond the pale of reasonable discourse .
And yet , ol ’
Newt has done little else recently .
The remaining question is the same as it always is : will this drive Gingrich from polite society ?
Or will major media outlets continue to perceive the stark raving mad former Speaker as a legitimate , important observer ( or , as David Broder called him , a “ visionary ” ) ?
I think we know the answers , which is precisely the problem — there ’s nothing prominent Republicans can say or do to be driven from the discourse .
“ And although it will no doubt be very difficult to prove , it seems likely that this Turing machine will in the end turn out to be universal . ”
So I wrote on page 709 of A New Kind of Science ( NKS ) .
I had searched the computational universe for the simplest possible universal Turing machine .
And I had found a candidate — that my intuition told me was likely to be universal .
But I was not sure .
And so as part of commemorating the fifth anniversary of A New Kind of Science on May 14 this year , we announced a $ 25,000 prize for determining whether or not that Turing machine is in fact universal .
I had no idea how long it would take before the prize was won .
A month ?
A year ?
A decade ?
A century ?
Perhaps the question was even formally undecidable ( say from the usual axioms of mathematics ) .
But today I am thrilled to be able to announce that after only five months the prize is won — and we have the answer : the Turing machine is in fact universal !
Alex Smith — a 20 - year - old undergraduate from Birmingham , UK — has produced a 40 - page proof .
I ’m pleased that my intuition was correct .
But more importantly , we now have another piece of evidence for the very general Principle of Computational Equivalence ( PCE ) that I introduced in A New Kind of Science .
We are also at the end of a quest that has spanned more than half a century to find the very simplest universal Turing machine .
Here it is .
Just two states and three colors .
And able to do any computation that can be done .
We ’ve come a long way since Alan Turing ’s original 1936 universal Turing machine — taking four pages of dense notation to describe .
There were some simpler universal Turing machines constructed in the mid-1900s — the record being a 7 - state , 4 - color machine from 1962 .
That record stood for 40 years — until in 2002 I gave a 2,5 universal machine in A New Kind of Science .
We know that no 2,2 machine can be universal .
So the simplest possibility is 2,3 .
And from searching the 2,985,984 possible 2,3 machines , I found a candidate .
Which as of today we know actually is universal .
From our everyday experience with computers , this seems pretty surprising .
After all , we ’re used to computers whose CPUs have been carefully engineered , with millions of gates .
It seems bizarre that we should be able to achieve universal computation with a machine as simple as the one above — that we can find just by doing a little searching in the space of possible machines .
But that ’s the new intuition that we get from NKS .
That in the computational universe , phenomena like universality are actually quite common — even among systems with very simple rules .
It ’s just that in our normal efforts of engineering , we ’ve been too constrained to see with such things .
From all my investigation of the computational universe , I came up with the very general principle that I call the Principle of Computational Equivalence .
What it says is essentially this : that when one sees behavior that is n’t obviously simple , it ’ll essentially always correspond to a computation that ’s in a sense maximally sophisticated .
One might think that computational ability would be a more gradual phenomenon : that as one increased the complexity of the rules for a system , the system would gradually show greater computational ability .
But PCE says that ’s not how it works .
It says that above a very low threshold , all systems will be exactly equivalent in their computational capabilities .
And if that ’s true , it has some pretty fundamental consequences .
About the limits of exact science .
About the occurrence of intelligence in the universe .
About the phenomenon of free will .
About why mathematics is difficult .
About new directions in technology .
But is PCE true ?
I ’m sure it is .
But — like many fundamental principles in science — it ’s not the kind of thing one can abstractly prove .
Instead , one has to figure out whether it ’s true by accumulating evidence — in effect , by doing experiments , and seeing how they come out .
Well , one of the predictions of PCE is that as soon as one sees something like a Turing machine whose behavior is complex , the system will end up being universal — even if its underlying rules are really simple .
And that ’s a prediction one can in principle test .
The first big test was in the NKS book : that among the very simplest cellular automata , rule 110 is already universal .
But what about Turing machines ?
Well , that ’s what the prize was about .
And as of today we know that the prediction of PCE also checks out there .
We did an experiment ; and PCE was validated .
But unlike some science experiments , it did n’t take a multibillion - dollar particle accelerator .
It just took a 20 - year - old undergraduate with a PC .
I really wondered what kind of person would win our prize .
I gave it about even odds of being a “ professional ” or an “ amateur ” .
I did n’t know if the proof would require fancy number theory or other mathematics , accessible only to a “ professional ” .
Or if it could be done purely in explicit “ elementary ” computational terms .
But at 20:53:59 GMT on Saturday , June 30 — just 47 days after we announced the prize–we received a submission , with the description of the submitter given as “ Alex Smith is an undergraduate studying Electronic and Computer Engineering at the University of Birmingham , UK .
He has a background in mathematics and esoteric programming languages . ”
We looked at it .
Forty pages of detailed arguments and code .
It was clear that it was a serious submission .
We started to analyze it .
It had clearly gotten a long way .
But it had n’t quite proved universality — because it still in effect required a separate universal computer to set up each program for the 2,3 machine .
On August 1 we sent back detailed comments .
And six days later a revised proof arrived — that got much closer .
We sent copies to our prize committee .
One of the members of the committee asked whether the proof really satisfied the formal definition of universality that he ’d given in a seminal paper in 1956 .
And a few weeks later we received another version clarifying that point .
There ’s quite a bit of subtlety .
Early definitions of universality assumed that programs for a Turing machine must involve only a finite number of “ nonzero bits ” — and that the Turing machine must “ halt ” .
But the 2,3 Turing machine — like modern computers ( or systems in nature ) — does n’t “ halt ” .
And in Alex Smith ’s construction the Turing machine “ tape ” ( i.e. , memory ) must be filled with an infinite pattern of bits .
But the key point is that the pattern of bits can be set up without doing universal computation .
So that means that when we see universal computation , it ’s really being done by the 2,3 machine , not somehow by the encoding we ’re using .
What Alex Smith needed to do to establish universality and win the prize was just to show that there ’s some way of programming the 2,3 machine to do any computation .
That it ’s possible to make a “ compiler ” that compiles “ code ” for some known class of universal machines to code for the 2,3 machine .
He did that .
But his “ compiler ” does n’t make terribly compact or efficient code .
In fact , for anything but the simplest cases , the code tends to be astronomically large and horrendously inefficient .
But that is n’t the point here .
The point is one of principle : the 2,3 Turing machine is universal .
No doubt it ’ll be possible to find much better compilers , that make much better code .
And that ’ll be interesting .
Perhaps one day there ’ll even be practical molecular computers built from this very 2,3 Turing machine .
With tapes a bit like RNA strands , and heads moving up and down like ribosomes .
When we think of nanoscale computers , we usually imagine carefully engineering them to mimic the architecture of the computers we know today .
But one of the lessons of NKS — brought home again by Alex Smith ’s proof — is that there ’s a completely different way to operate .
We do n’t have to carefully build things up with engineering .
We can just go out and search in the computational universe , and find things like universal computers — that are simple enough that we can imagine making them out of molecules .
I telephoned Alex Smith a few days ago , to tell him that we were finally convinced that he ’d solved the problem and earned the prize .
I asked him why he ’d worked on it .
He said he ’d seen it as a nice puzzle .
That at first he was pretty sure the Turing machine ’s behavior was simple enough that he could prove that it was n’t universal .
But then , as he studied it , he realized that there were little bits of behavior that were more complicated .
And it was with these that he managed to show universality .
It ’s a thoroughly nice piece of NKS work .
Establishing a wonderful monument in the computational universe — a marker at the edge of universality for Turing machines .
We plan an official prize ceremony in a few weeks — fittingly enough , at Bletchley Park , where Alan Turing did his wartime work .
But for now I ’m just thrilled to see such a nice piece of science come out .
It ’s a very satisfying way to spend $ 25,000 .
Look , we 've no qualms with keyboards -- Elton John is permanently embedded in our playlists , it 'll be the first instrument we teach our robotic children , and it 's easily the most underrated part of Justin Bieber 's spectacularness .
But there 's no arguing that having a keytar peripheral is far , far more awesome in the grand scheme of things .
According to the same mole on ArsTechnica that has correctly nailed a new PS3 bundle , the PSP go and Xbox 360 price cuts , Rock Band 3 will feature a new keytar peripheral , which will undoubtedly destroy our productivity for an indefinite amount of time .
We 're also told that Mad Catz will be taking over the production of RB hardware , leaving Harmonix only responsible for touching up the software .
There 's still no indication of when this mythical device will be hitting your local Game Stop , but it 's certainly safe to slide your pre-order alert system to Orange .
Pour la version française , cliquez ici .
The news of the decision of the Commission is reported in Le Devoir , one of the three important newspapers of Montreal .
See : Commission canadienne des droits de la personne – S’attaquer aux gais , aux occidentales et aux juifs n’est pas nécessairement haineux – Brian Myles , Le Devoir , December 17 , 2008 .
The book by Imam Al - Hayiti is here ( in French ) .
BACKGROUND
On 11 April 2008 , I filed a complaint for “ hate propaganda ” on the Internet before the Canadian Human Rights Commission against a Salafi Imam of Montreal , Abou Hammaad Sulaiman Dameus Al - Hayiti .
The purpose of my complaint was to test the objectivity of the Commission .
My complaint relates to the imam ’s book L’Islam ou l’Intégrisme ?
À la lumière du Qor ’an et de la Sounnah ( Islam or Fundamentalism ?
In light of the Qor’an and the Sunna ) , ( 2006/2007 ) , 3rd edition corrected .
Imam Abou H. , who is fluent in Arabic , attended universities in Saudi Arabia where he studied Islam and the science of Hadiths .
His teachings can therefore be perceived as authoritative with respect to Islam .
My complaint under section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights Act ( the “ Act ” ) claims that the writings of the imam are supremacist and expose persons belonging to the following groups to hatred or contempt : homosexuals , Infidels ( non-Muslims ) , women , Jews , Quebecois ( as an ethnic group and national minority ) .
On December 5 , I received a letter fom Stéphane Brisson of the Commission informing me that they will not proceed to investigate my complaint .
In the opinion of the Commission , the writings of the imam are not likely to expose persons from identifiable groups to hatred or contempt .
Below is a translated excerpt of the letter of the Commission , followed by translated excerpts of the book of the Imam that I brought to the attention of the Commission in support of my complaint :
EXCERPT FROM THE LETTER OF THE COMMISSION
“ … the majority of the references in “ Islam or Fundamentalism ” are to “ infidels ” , “ miscreants ” or “ western women ” .
These are general , broad and diversified categories that do not constitute an “ identifiable group ” under Section 13 of the Act .
As we have also mentioned , the extracts that identify groups on the basis of prohibited grounds of discrimination ( homosexuals , lesbians , Christians , Jews ) do not seem to promote “ hatred ” or “ contempt ” according to the criteria set forth in the Taylor case .
Therefore , the document on which the complaint is based does not seem to meet the requirements of Section 13 of the Act for a complaint . ”
BOOK EXCERPTS
Homosexuals
Homosexuality is a “ perversion ”
Homosexuals “ spread disorder on earth ”
Homosexuals and lesbians should be “ exterminated in this life ”
“ Homosexuals caught performing sodomy are beheaded ”
Infidels
Most Infidels “ live like animals ”
“ they are evil people , they love perversity ” , and “ they are our enemies ”
“ sending our sons and daughters to the schools of the Infidels has devastating effects on their beliefs , their behavior and their character .
For the children of Infidels are the most pervert children .
At a very early age , they adopt the behavior of their parents ”
“ Moreover , attending schools with Infidels may lead to friendship in their heart for Infidel children , which contradicts the foundations of Islam .
Because Islam prohibits befriending even the closest relatives if they are Infidels ”
“ there is no doubt that it is not permissible for a Muslim to love or to take as friend whoever follows a religion other than Islam ”
“ Infidels say they are open - minded , but in reality they have opened their mind to garbage and filth , and closed it to all that is pure and right ! ”
Men are superior to women
“ men are superior to women and better than them ” .
In general , “ men have a more complete intellect and memory than women ”
“ Infidels acknowledge this reality , but they do not want to accept the truth because they are blinded by their passions ”
Muslim women are superior to Infidel women
“ The veiled Muslim woman is a light in the darkness of the 20th century , she carries the torch of modesty , of chastity and of Islamic values ”
“ She brings the liberating message of “ LA ILAHA ILLALLAH ” to the poor western woman who has lost her femininity , her dignity and her honor and who is now crying for her savior ”
The consequences of immodesty are “ rape , venereal diseases , AIDS , herpes , single - parent families , crime , poverty , ignorance and many others ”
“ Infidels will never admit that these social problems are the result of their refusal to submit to Allah , because they are consumed with pride ”
“ … male Infidels wanted to liberate women only for economic reasons ( cheap labor ) and to sexually exploit them ”
“ male Infidels will not be happy with us until our women are in their beds , in their magazines and in their dancing clubs ! ”
“ If a Muslim woman marries a non-Muslim man … their marriage is invalid , in fact it is adultery ”
Ethnic groups are not equal
“ Can we doubt the superiority of Islamic principles over the corrupt principles of Eastern and Western cultures ?
Culture is based on the beliefs of a nation .
The superior culture is the one closest to the revelation of Allah ! ”
“ This is the reason why ethnic groups are not equal ”
Muslims are superior to Infidels
“… a Muslim must never put his brother in Islam at the same level as an Infidel .
In fact , to place Infidels at equality with Muslims is one of the greatest form of ignorance and injustice ”
“ The rule is that the most disobedient among Muslims is better than the most virtuous , the most polite , the most honest and the most loyal among the Infidels ”
“ The Muslim nation is actually the most balanced and the most righteous ”
Christianity
“ It is because of this religion of lies , which goes against human nature , that the West is now full of perversity , corruption and adultery ”
Jews
Jews “ spread corruption and chaos on earth ”
Most Jews “ seek only material goods and money , apart from that , they have nothing ”
Jews “ unjustly occupy ” Palestine for the sole purpose of “ filling this land with corruption and transgress the laws of Allah in the name of secularism ”
Slavery
“ owning slaves is not prohibited ”
“ Allah has allowed men to marry two , three or four women , but one who fears he will not be fair can marry only one or have slaves . ”
Democracy is contrary to Islam .
Jihad is a duty of sedition
“ Democracy is a system in total contradiction with Islam ”
“ … freedom is unknown in Islam , it contradicts Islam , therefore it is a false concept ”
“ [ freedom ] serves to justify corruption ” and “ stooping to the lowest levels of bestiality ”
“ Freedom of conscience is actually freedom to leave Islam ! ”
“ Anyone who leaves Islam , cut his neck ” ” no matter how it is understood and applied
… secularism is a pure negation of Islam ”
“ If Muslims are strong and they have the ability to fight the Infidel ruler , to overthrow him from power and replace him with a Muslim ruler , it is mandatory for them to do so .
This is part of Jihad in the path of Allah ”
“ injustice will never disappear from the face of the earth before Islam and Sharia are properly applied throughout the world ”
“ Islam commands us to destroy all idols ” , i.e. “ democracy , human rights , secularism , freedom , equality , and modernity ”
in an Islamic state , Christians and Jews can keep their religion but they must pay a sum of money , the Jizyah .
“ The purpose of the Jizyah is to humiliate and punish Infidels to encourage them to accept Islam . ”
The other Infidels ( Hindus , Buddhists , atheists , etc. ) have no options but to accept Islam or “ be killed ”
CONCLUSION
If you belong to a minority , you can with impunity propagate hatred and contempt against the majority .
You are not held to the same standards of tolerance , respect and civility as the majority .
Equality under the law , according to the Commission , does not exist anymore .
If you belong to a religious minority , you can with impunity propagate a supremacist ideology that also condones the extermination of other minorities , and of the majority , if this is the doctrine of your religion .
If you belong to the majority and you expose the supremacist , totalitarian and anti-democratic ideology propagated by a minority , you risk being sued .
See also : ( a link to the original English version is included in each article listed below )
Canada – Pour la Commission des droits de l’Alberta , les chrétiens blancs n’ont pas de “ droits humains ”
Aimez - vous les minorités visibles ?
Oui ?
Alors vous êtes raciste , par Jonathan Kay
Québec – Allahu Akbar : “ Je veux chasser les koufars du Canada .
Seul leur mort fera triompher l’Islam ”
Canada –
Ils voulaient convertir les Amérindiens à l’islam puis les inciter au génocide des Québécois
Staline , Hitler , Pol Pot … et maintenant Macleans / Mark Steyn ?
“ Les musulmans doivent se libérer de leurs vues suprématistes et haineuses ” – Maulana Wahiduddin Khan
ACROSS Europe , economies are stagnating and unemployment is climbing .
Reason enough , you might think , to hit the bottle .
Europeans put away over nine litres of alcohol a year per person , twice the global average .
The European Commission has declared that alcohol is a “ key public - health and social concern ” .
Yet in most big EU countries drinking is in decline .
In France and Italy the average adult drinks over a third less than he or she did 30 years ago .
Germans and Spaniards are also drying out quickly ( see chart ) .
Alcohol consumption has likewise fallen in most of eastern Europe in recent decades .
What explains the great sobering - up ?
In part , the drivers appear to be social and cultural .
The decline in drinking is most marked in southern Europe , where there has been a notable dropping - off in wine - drinking , especially during the working day .
Rising numbers of urban workers and the insidious spread of Anglo - Saxon fast - food habits are working against the old traditions of a glass with breakfast followed by a long lunch fuelled by a bottle or two .
These countries also had a lot further to fall .
In 1980 France , Italy and Spain were the booziest nations in Europe .
Not only are Europeans drinking less , they are drinking differently .
Their habits are converging , as the old geography of drinking on the continent , with its well - defined wine , beer and vodka “ belts ” , slowly gives way to a patchwork quilt .
Young people , unshackled by tradition , are leading the charge away from old stereotypes .
Russians and Poles are these days almost as likely to be found downing bottles of beer as shots of vodka .
Britain , which John Major , then prime minister , predicted in 1993 would still be a country of “ warm beer ” 50 years hence , has become a land of chardonnay and pinot noir : last year , for the first time , Britons spent more on wine than on beer .
This shift may also explain why Britain , in this matter as in so many others , is out of step with its EU partners .
Alcohol consumption in Britain rose more or less continuously after 1956 and has levelled off only in the past few years .
The British are still mid-tablers in the EU drinking league , but the extent to which the country is bucking the European trend — Poland is the only other country among the ten largest EU members to have seen a rise in alcohol consumption since 1980 — is striking .
The shift from beer to wine in Britain may have boosted overall drinking , suggests Rachel Seabrook , research manager at the Institute of Alcohol Studies , a London - based think - tank .
Britons may have adopted the tipple of southern Europeans , but they also retain a fondness for “ heavy episodic drinking ” ( ie , bingeing ) : pouring the stuff down their throats rather than sipping it in the slow , relaxed manner of Spaniards or Italians .
The difference is that they now do it with 12 % - strength wine rather than 4 % - strength beer .
Affordability is another factor : Britons spend more time at home drinking cheap supermarket - bought booze than in the pub buying expensive pints .
In Britain , at least , it may be right still to see alcohol as a big public - health and social concern .
Rachel Holdsworth
Boris Buys Tube Lines
Image by SabineThoele from the Londonist Flickr pool
We understand it 's generally frowned upon to begin a post with a torrent of swearing , but even so : fucking hell .
Boris Johnson has managed to do what even Ken could n't and find a way out of the appalling PPP mess - he 's bought out Tube Lines .
Faced with the private sector demanding an extra £ 400 m to complete upgrade work , Jubilee Line closures stretching on forever plus early Northern Line closures , it seems the Mayor lost patience and decided to buy the shares held by Bechtel and Amey for £ 310 m , making Tube Lines a wholly owned subsidiary of TfL .
This was all agreed a couple of weeks ago but could n't be announced until after the general election - presumably because it 's Gordon Brown 's fault we were stuck with PPP in the first place .
But now we 're free of what Boris is calling " the perverse pressures of the Byzantine PPP structure " , and Paul Waugh in the Evening Standard hears that the number of line closures can now be reduced from 84 to as few as 12 .
TfL says the deal wo n't cost us a penny - at a stroke , they 've lost the middle men , the need to pay management fees , and TfL can also negotiate lower long - term debt repayments .
London Underground will take over upgrade work , using the private sector when necessary ( TfL 's press release mentions Amey as a possible contractor , but pointedly not Bechtel ) .
Blimey .
As the Tories negotiate for power nationally , has their flagship Mayor taken a lurch for the left ?
Fake news by Andy Borowitz
WASHINGTON —
At a conference of oil leak experts in Washington today , attendees proposed plugging the massive oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico with executives of BP , the company responsible for the catastrophic spill .
“ We ’ve tried containment domes , rubber tires and even golf balls , ” said William Cathermeyer of the National Oil Leakage Institute , a leading consultancy in the field of oil leaks .
“ Now it ’s time to shove some BP executives down there and hope for the best . ”
Submerging the oil company executives thousands of feet below the ocean ’s surface could be a “ win- win ” situation , Cathermeyer said .
“ Best - case scenario , they plug the leak , ” he said .
“ And at the very least , they ’ll shut the fuck up . ”
But even as the oil leak experts proposed their unorthodox solution , environmental expert Marilyn Sufranski warned of the possible negative consequences of plugging the oil leak with BP executives .
“ The Gulf of Mexico is slimy enough already , ” she said .
Poll : Rand Paul Surges Ahead of Sarah Palin Among Voters Who Describe Themselves as Morons ; Key Constituency for Two Hopefuls
MINNEAPOLIS —
In a sign of his increasing prominence in the so - called tea party movement , a new poll shows Kentucky senatorial candidate Rand Paul topping former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin among voters who describe themselves as morons .
In the poll , conducted by the University of Minnesota ’s Opinion Research Institute , 42 percent preferred Paul , 36 percent preferred Palin , and the remaining 22 percent were unsure what the word prefer meant .
According to Davis Logsdon , who supervised the poll for the University of Minnesota , Paul ’s surging popularity among morons is bad news for Palin , who previously had a lock on that important constituency .
“ I never thought I ’d say this , but if Palin is going to stay competitive with Paul , she ’s going to have to start dumbing down her message . ”
Award - winning humorist , television personality and film actor Andy Borowitz is author of the book “ The Republican Playbook . ”
McDonald 's is hardly an ideal dining location for anyone struggling to stay slim .
But the fast food chain scored a PR coup today when Weight Watchers agreed to endorse some of its products in New Zealand – a move met with outrage by nutritionists and obesity experts .
As part of the deal , which the company says is the first of its kind in the world , McDonald 's will use the Weight Watchers logo on its menu boards and Weight Watchers will promote McDonald 's to dieters .
The link - up is the fast - food chain 's latest attempt to improve its reputation by securing endorsements .
In January , to the horror of gastronomes , Italy 's agriculture minister , Luca Zaia , helped launch the McItaly range of burgers .
For a representative of one of the world 's greatest culinary nations to do such a thing was " a sign of the moral bankruptcy of Silvio Berlusconi 's government " , wrote Matthew Fort in the Guardian .
Several items on the fast food giant 's menu – the Filet - O - Fish , Chicken McNuggets and Sweet Chilli Seared Chicken Wrap – have been approved for the Weight Watchers diet in McDonald 's 150 New Zealand restaurants .
Each meal is worth 6.5 points on the programme , which assigns points to food items and allows dieters to consume 18 to 40 points each day to achieve their goal weight .
McDonald 's New Zealand managing director , Mark Hawthorne , said : " We were able to include some of our most popular items because of the many changes we have made over the years .
" For instance , the switch to a healthier canola blend cooking oil means items such as the Filet - O - Fish and Chicken McNuggets contain 60 % less saturated fat than six years ago .
Chris Stirk , Weight Watchers ' director of business in Australia and New Zealand , said the partnership between the companies reflected " part of our philosophy that you can enjoy life … while still achieving your weight loss goals " .
But nutritionists and obesity experts said the menu items were a marketing ploy to lure customers into the restaurant .
" It 's all about sales , " said Jane Martin , senior adviser of Australia 's Obesity Policy Coalition .
" It implies this food is healthy … when often it is high in fat and salt .
Chicken McNuggets are Chicken McNuggets whether it 's got Weight Watchers on it or not . "
Sian Porter , a dietician at the British Dietetic Association , said : " This sort of initiative should be applauded , but the danger is that someone will go in , choose one of the healthier options and then think : ' Ooh good .
Now I 'll have an ice cream ' , which is not the right message . "
Weight Watchers and McDonald 's in Britain said they had no plans for a similar partnership in the UK .
The fast - food chain , widely criticised for selling a high - calorie , high - fat menu that includes super - size meals , was " making every best effort to generate a change in behaviour , to create an awareness in consumers about making healthy choices " , Hawthorne said .
For the past year in the UK , the chain has run a programme linking children 's football teams with their local McDonald 's restaurant and offering them free kit and equipment .
Ever wondered what the web would look like if Silverlight or Flash were used for everything ?
The other day I came across a business site implemented entirely in Silverlight – well , apart from the forums , which seem to be HTML and JavaScript .
ForefrontSecurity.org is a third - party resource site for Microsoft ’s firewall and server security products .
It is mostly documents and videos .
On the plus side , the site looks good , provided you can run Silverlight ; and given the target readership that ’s not too much of a stretch in this instance .
Playing the embedded screencasts is very smooth , and they feel seamlessly integrated with the site , more so than with HTML plus a video plug -in .
That said , I found the site infuriating .
Without thinking , I tried to scroll a document using the mouse wheel ; nothing happened .
The page up and down keys do not work either .
Copying text works with Ctrl - C , but if you select and right - click , you just get the Silverlight “ about ” menu .
I also found that the graphic effects – screens typically fade in as they change – made the site seem slow .
Some things , like hyperlinks in full - screen mode , did not work as expected .
An interesting experiment ; but for a site like this which is mainly about finding and reading documents , its hard to see a good reason not to use HTML .
The founder of popular Bit Torrent site IsoHunt , Gary Fung , has been ordered to remove the .torrent files for all infringing content — an order that could result in the site shutting down .
US District Judge Stephen Wilson issued the order last week after years of back - and - forths over the legality of IsoHunt and Fung 's two other sites ( Torrentbox and Podtropolis ) .
Fung claims he 's still hoping for a more agreeable resolution that wo n't result in IsoHunt closing its doors , but for now , things are n't looking good for the torrent site .
Judge Wilson 's order follows a summary judgement against Fung in December 2009 .
At that time , Wilson said that Fung had completely failed to rebut the claims brought against him by the MPAA .
The movie studios had brought in expert witnesses stating that a statistical sampling of the content and server logs showed that nearly all of the content infringed copyrights , and about half of the downloads were made within the US .
Fung dismissed this as " junk science " but did not present any sort of evidence showing that this was n't a valid approach .
Fung previously tried to argue that his sites were just another search engine that just happened to pick up copyrighted content , but the studios countered with evidence that his search code was specifically tuned to find copyrighted material .
Now , Fung is stuck between a rock and a hard place as he tries to find a way to comply with the order without shutting down .
Judge Wilson has barred Fung from creating , maintaining or providing access to categories with . torrent files , search results with . torrent files , or any " similar files using or based on Infringement - Related Terms . "
This means that the basic search functionality of IsoHunt , Torrentbox , or Podtropolis would no longer be permissible , not to mention that it would be nearly impossible for Fung to actively investigate every single file to see whether it 's legal or not .
Fung believes this goes outside of the DMCA and that the MPAA should provide a list of links to files that it wants taken down instead .
" We ’re discussing the mechanics , the process that is reasonable for an injunction .
We ’re still trying to hope that the judge will do the right thing , " Fung told Wired .
The MPAA did not respond to our request for comment by publication time , so it 's unclear how willing it will be when it comes to working with Fung .
Given how well things have gone for Fung so far , though , it does n't look very promising .
Update : A MPAA spokesperson got back to us and said that the court has rejected Fung 's proposal .
Looks like he 'll either be picking out all the illegal content or shutting down after all .
Nancy Willis interview with Michael Zheng about coping with different jobs in order to make art
The first few years after school have been a trial and tribulation for me as I struggle to remain productive and experimental yet still get shows , maybe even in the commercial gallery world .
Five years after graduating from the MFA program at the San Francisco Art Institute , I wanted to find out how my experience of the art world compared with that of the other students so I came up with the idea to interview them on video and show the conversations in a gallery .
I ended up calling the show The Profession and it will be on exhibit at the Marina Abramovic Institute West in San Francisco from May 21 – July 2 , 2010 .
Most of the interviews are very personal , and they share themes of struggle , inspiration and perseverance .
This blog attempts to open up a parallel forum for anyone who might be living a similar experience , or is concerned with similar issues .
While it is not a surprise that the artists interviewed were challenged by the so called real art world , it is refreshing to see how they came to terms with it .
Having had a reality check on their art school ideals and experiments , many of the artists have evolved their thinking on why they make art , who they make art for and what they make art about .
To no one ’s surprise the biggest challenge is the inescapable reality of self - sustenance .
The way that is dealt with is the most heart - warming and inspiring thread that runs through the interviews .
More than one person choked up while recounting their struggle in order to continue to make art .
To start this blog , I would like to pose a similar question to all who are visiting these pages :
What is it about making art that drives you to sacrifice so much just to stay in the field ?
Is there nothing else that feels as worthy and significant as producing a great work of art and feeling oneself part of a great tradition of art - making ?
Is it the narcissistic satisfaction that comes with being the center of attention ?
Is it the potential for art stardom ?
Or are we just misfits who ca n’t find their way into other professions ?
SCALE 8x : Ten million and one penguins
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
At SCALE 8x , Ronald Minnich gave a presentation about the difficulties in trying to run millions of Linux kernels for simulating botnets .
The idea is to be able to run a botnet " at scale " to try to determine how it behaves .
But , even with all of the compute power available to researchers at the US Department of Energy 's Sandia National Laboratories — where Minnich works — there are still various stumbling blocks to be overcome .
While the number of systems participating in botnets is open to argument , he said , current estimates are that there are ten million systems compromised in the US alone .
He listed the current sizes of various botnets , based on a Network World article , noting that " depending on who you talk to , these numbers are either low by an order of magnitude or high by an order of magnitude " .
He also said that it is no longer reported when thousands of systems are added into a botnet , instead the reports are of thousands of organizations whose systems have been compromised .
" Life on the Internet has started to really suck . "
Botnet implementations
Botnets are built on peer - to - peer ( P2P ) technology that largely came from file - sharing applications — often for music and movies — which were shut down by the RIAA .
This made the Overnet , which was an ostensibly legal P2P network , into an illegal network , but , as he pointed out , that did n't make it disappear .
In fact , those protocols and algorithms are still being used : " being illegal did n't stop a damn thing " .
For details , Minnich recommended the Wikipedia articles on subjects like the Overnet , eDonkey2000 , and Kademlia distributed hash table .
P2P applications implemented Kademlia to identify other nodes in a network overlaid on the Internet , i.e. an overnet .
Information could be stored and retrieved from the nodes participating in the P2P network .
That information could be movies or songs , but it could also be executable programs or scripts .
It 's a " resilient distributed store " .
He also pointed out that computer scientists have been trying to build large , resilient distributed systems for decades , but had little or nothing to do with the currently working example ; in fact , it 's apparently currently being maintained by money from organized crime syndicates .
Because the RIAA has shut down any legal uses of these protocols , it makes it difficult to study : " The good guys ca n't use it , but it 's all there for the bad guys "
And the bad guys are using it , though it is difficult to get accurate numbers as he mentioned earlier .
The software itself is written to try to hide its presence , so that it only replies to some probes .
Studying botnets with supercomputers
In the summer of 2008 , when Estonia " went down , more or less " and had to shut down its Internet because of an attack , Minnich and his colleagues started thinking about how to model these kinds of attacks .
He likened the view of an attack to the view a homeowner might get of a forest fire : " my house is on fire , but what about the other side of town ? " .
Basically , there is always a limited view of what is being affected by a botnet — you may be able to see local effects , but the effects on other people or organizations are n't really known : " we really ca n't get a picture of what 's going on " .
So , they started thinking about various supercomputer systems they have access to : " Jaguar " at Oak Ridge which has 180,000 cores in 30,000 nodes , " Thunderbird " at Sandia with 20,000 cores and 5,000 nodes , and " a lot of little 10,000 core systems out there " .
All of them run Linux , so they started to think about running " the real thing " — a botnet with ten million systems .
By using these supercomputers and virtualization , they believe they could actually run a botnet .
Objections
Minnich noted that there have been two main objections to this idea .
The first is that the original botnet authors did n't need a supercomputer , so why should one be needed to study them ?
He said that much of the research for the Storm botnet was done by academics ( Kademlia ) and by the companies that built the Overnet .
" When they went to scale up , they just went to the Internet " .
Before the RIAA takedown , the network was run legally on the Internet , and after that " it was done by deception " .
The Internet is known to have " at least dozens of nodes " , really , " dozens of millions of nodes " , and the Internet was the supercomputer that was used to develop these botnets , he said .
Sandia can't really use the Internet that way for its research , so they will use their in - house supercomputers instead .
The second objection is that " you just ca n't simulate it " .
But Minnich pointed out that every system suffers from the same problem — people do n't believe it can be simulated — yet simulation is used very successfully .
They believe that they can simulate a botnet this way , and " until we try , we really wo n't know " .
In addition , researchers of the Storm botnet called virtualization the " holy grail " that allowed them to learn a lot about the botnet .
Why ten million ?
There are multiple attacks that we cannot visualize on a large scale , including denial of service , exfiltration of data , botnets , and virus transmission , because we are " looking at one tiny corner of the elephant and trying to figure out what the elephant looks like " , he said .
Predicting this kind of behavior can't be done by running 1000 or so nodes , so a more detailed simulation is required .
Botnets exhibit " emergent behavior " , and pulling them apart or running them at smaller scales does not work .
For example , the topology of the Kademlia distributed hash network falls apart if there are n't enough ( roughly 50,000 ) nodes in the network .
The botnet nodes are designed to stop communicating if they are disconnected too long .
One researcher would hook up a PC at home to capture the Storm botnet client , then bring it into work and hook it up to the research botnet immediately because if it does n't get connected to something quickly , " it just dies " .
And if you do n't have enough connections , the botnet dies : " It 's kind of like a living organism " .
So , they want to run ten million nodes , including routers , in a " nation - scale " network .
Since they can't afford to buy that many machines , they will use virtualization on the supercomputer nodes to scale up to that size .
They can " multiply the size of those machines by a thousand " by running that many virtual machines on each node .
Using virtualization and clustering
Virtualization is a nearly 50 - year - old technique to run multiple kernels in virtual machines ( VMs ) on a single machine .
It was pioneered by IBM , but has come to Linux in the last five years or so .
Linux still does n't have all of the capabilities that IBM machines have , in particular , arbitrarily deep nesting of VMs : " IBM has forgotten more about VMs than we know " .
But , Linux virtualization will allow them to run ten million nodes on a cluster of several thousand nodes , he said .
The project is tentatively called " V - matic " and they hope to release the code at the SC10 conference in November .
It consists of the OneSIS cluster management software that has been extended based on what Minnich learned from the Los Alamos Clustermatic system .
OneSIS is based on having NFS - mounted root filesystems , but V-matic uses lightweight RAMdisk - based nodes .
When you want to run programs on each node , you collect the binaries and libraries and send them to each node .
Instead of doing that iteratively , something called " treespawn " was used , which would send the binary bundle to 32 nodes at once , and each of those would send to 32 nodes .
In that way , they could bring up a 16 M image on 1000 nodes in 3 seconds .
The NFS root " could n't come close " to that performance .
Each node requires a 20 M footprint , which means " 50 nodes per gigabyte " .
So , a laptop is just fine for a 100 - node cluster , which is something that Minnich routinely runs for development .
" This VM stuff for Linux is just fantastic " , he said .
Other cluster solutions just can't compete because of their size .
For running on the Thunderbird cluster , which consists of nodes that are roughly five years old , they were easily able to get 250 VMs per node .
They used Lguest virtualization because the Thunderbird nodes were " so old they did n't have hardware virtualization " .
For more modern clusters , they can easily get 1000 VMs per node using KVM .
Since they have 10,000 node Cray XT4 clusters at Sandia , they are confident they can get to ten million nodes .
Results so far
So far , they have gotten to 1 million node systems on Thunderbird .
They had one good success and some failures in those tests .
The failures were caused by two things :
Infiniband not being very happy being rebooted all the time , and the BIOS on the Dell boxes using Intelligent Platform Management Interface ( IPMI ) , which Minnich did not think very highly of .
In fact , Minnich has a joke about how to tell when a standard " sucks " : if it starts with an " I " ( I20 ) , ends with an " I " ( ACPI , EFI ) , or has the word " intelligent " in it somewhere ; IPMI goes three - for - three on that scale .
So " we know we can do it " , but it 's hard , and not for very good reasons , but for " a lot of silly reasons " .
Scaling issues
Some of the big problems that you run into when trying to run a nation - scale network are the scaling issues themselves .
How do you efficiently start programs on hundreds of thousands of nodes ?
How do you monitor millions of VMs ?
There are tools to do all of that " but all of the tools we have will break — actually we 've already broken them all " .
Even the monitoring rate needs to be adjusted for the size of the network .
Minnich is used to monitoring cluster nodes at 6 Hz , but most big cluster nodes are monitored every ten minutes or 1/600 Hz — otherwise the amount of data is just too overwhelming .
Once the system is up , and is being monitored , then they want to attack it .
It 's pretty easy to get malware , he said , as " you are probably already running it " .
If not , it is almost certainly all over your corporate network , so " just connect to the network and you 've probably got it " .
Trying to monitor the network for " bad " behavior is also somewhat difficult .
Statistically separating bad behavior from normal behavior is a non-trivial problem .
Probing the networking stack may be required , but must be done carefully to avoid " the firehose of data " .
In a ten million node network , a DHCP file is at least 350 MB , even after you get rid of the colons " because they take up space " , and parsing the /etc / hosts file can dominate startup time .
If all the nodes can talk to all other nodes , the kernel tables eat all of memory ; " that 's bad " .
Unlike many of the other tools , DNS is designed for this " large world " , and they will need to set that up , along with the BGP routing protocol so that the network will scale .
Earlier experiments
In an earlier experiment , on a 50,000 node network , Minnich modeled the Morris worm and learned some interesting things .
Global knowledge does n't really scale , so thinking in terms of things like /etc / hosts and DHCP configuration is not going to work ; self - configuration is required .
Unlike the supercomputer world , you can't expect all of the nodes to always be up , nor can you really even know if they are .
Monitoring data can easily get too large .
For example , 1 Hz monitoring of 10 million nodes results in 1.2MB per second of data if each node only reports a single bit — and more than one bit is usually desired .
There is so much we do n't know about a ten million node network , Minnich said .
He would like to try to do a TCP - based denial of service from 10,000 nodes against the other 9,990,000 .
He has no idea whether it would work , but it is just the kind of experiment that this system will be able to run .
For a demonstration at SC09 , they created a prototype botnet ( " sandbot " ) using 8000 nodes and some very simple rules , somewhat reminiscent of Conway 's game of Life .
Based on the rules , the nodes would communicate with their neighbors under certain circumstances , and , once they had heard from their neighbors enough times would " tumble " , resetting their state to zero .
The nodes were laid out on a grid which were colored based on the state of the node , so that pictures and animations could be made .
Each node that tumbled would be colored red .
Once the size of the botnet got over a threshold somewhere between 1,000 and 10,000 nodes , the behavior became completely unpredictable .
Cascades of tumbles , called " avalanches " would occur with some frequency , and occasionally the entire grid turned red .
Looking at the statistical features of how the avalanches occur may be useful in detecting malware in the wild .
Conclusion
There is still lots of work to be done , he said , but they are making progress .
It will be interesting to see what kind of practical results come from this research .
Minnich and his colleagues have already learned a great deal about trying to run a nation - scale network , but there are undoubtedly many lessons on botnets and malware waiting to be found .
We can look forward to hearing about them over the next few years .
Investigators suspected Mr Pagano had paid himself an improper " bonus "
The chief of the Chicago commuter rail system has killed himself by stepping in front of a speeding train , officials have said .
Philip Pagano was under investigation over alleged financial irregularities and was on paid leave .
The board of the Metra system had been due to meet later on Friday to determine his fate .
In his pocket , police found a manual detailing procedures for handling a suicide on the railway , officials said .
Mr Pagano had been executive director of the Metra system , which serves the city of Chicago and its outlying suburbs , since 1990 .
State prosecutors and federal officials had launched investigations into whether Mr Pagano had improperly steered public funds to his personal coffers .
Metra officials said last month that Mr Pagano had received an unauthorised $ 56,000 " bonus " in addition to his $ 269,625 salary .
The agency does not award bonuses .
The Chicago Tribune reported that Mr Pagano had stepped in front of a Metra train in the suburb in which he lived , north - west of Chicago .
McHenry County Coroner Marlene Lantz told the paper the death was under investigation , " but at this point it appears to be a suicide " .
Hurley : " You know , you were a real good number two . "
Ben : " And you were a great number one , Hugo . "
This brief exchange between Hurley ( Jorge Garcia ) and Ben ( Michael Emerson ) in the final stretch of " Lost " series finale " The End " suggested that a lifetime of adventures unfolded for the Island duo before they eventually moved on and reunited with their friends in the pre-afterlife .
And fans will actually get to glimpse those adventures when season six of " Lost " arrives on DVD and Blu-ray .
" For those people that want to pony up and buy the complete ' Lost ' series , there is a bonus feature — you could call it an epilogue , a lost scene , " Emerson said during an appearance on G4's " Attack of the Show . "
" It 's a lot , 12 or 14 minutes , that opens a window on that gap of unknown time between Hurley becoming number one and the end of the series . "
The revelation was greeted with gasps of surprise from the studio audience .
Additional answers had been promised for the " Lost " season six DVD release , but no details had been revealed before Emerson spoke .
Asked if he regretted making the reveal , the actor replied with a smile , " I 'm rolling over that in my mind . "
The follow - up question , of course , is if this footage might hint at some kind of " Lost " spin - off , something that showrunners Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof have sworn time and again wo n't happen — at least , not with them at the helm .
" It 's self - contained , " Emerson replied .
" Although it 's a rich period in the show 's mythology that has never been explored .
So who knows what will come of it ? "
Do you think the adventures of Hurley and Ben would be enough for a whole new show ?
Sound off in the comments .
And the winner is … Caracas , Venezuela
Population : 3.2 million Murder rate : 130 per 100,000 residents ( official )
And the winner is … Caracas , VenezuelaPopulation : 3.2 million Murder rate : 130 per 100,000 residents ( official )
Caracas has achieved a title it is probably not really proud of .
Even the capital of the cocaine country Columbia , Bogotá , was left behind by the city ruled by the infamous Hugo Chávez .
One might think that 130 murders per 100,000 inhabitants are not that bad , yet we have to count on the fact that this number is just the official one .
There are many violent crimes happening in Caracas that , for some strange reason , just do not count .
Non-governmental organisations state that the real numbers reach up to 160 murders per 100,000 residents .
At the same time , most of them put the vast majority of the blame on El Presidente , or Hugo Chávez , whose government has failed to put a stop to the country ’s crime rates , that have been slowly but steadily rising for about 10 years .
In fact , since Chávez took over in 1998 , Venezuela ’s official homicide rate has increased 67 percent – mostly due to growing drug and gang violence .
The silver medal goes to … New Orleans , United States
Population : 220,614 to 312,000 Murder rate : From 67 ( New Orleans Police Department ) to 95 ( FBI ) per 100,000
The silver medal goes to … New Orleans , United StatesPopulation : 220,614 to 312,000 Murder rate : From 67 ( New Orleans Police Department ) to 95 ( FBI ) per 100,000
It is quite a surprise that a US city made it to the “ Top ” Five and even reached the second position .
It is on the other hand no surprise that this city is New Orleans .
The city is inhabited mostly by poor immigrants with little or no education and about the same amount of life perspective .
This poverty , which was furthermore deepened by the Katrina hurricane in 2005 , pushes the city ’s violent crime rate high above the other US cities .
The number given by the local police department differs considerably from those submitted by the FBI .
This is mainly due to the fact that the overall number of New Orleans inhabitants is quite hard to determine , as many people and even whole families move in and out without informing their local authorities .
The bronze medalist is … Cape Town , South Africa
Population : 3.5 million Murder rate : 62 per 100,000 inhabitants ( 5.9 per day )
The bronze medalist is … Cape Town , South AfricaPopulation : 3.5 million Murder rate : 62 per 100,000 inhabitants ( 5.9 per day )
The republic of South Africa has since the colonial period been one of the richest African countries and at the same time a centre of racial conflicts between the native inhabitants and the white colonists .
It would nevertheless be a mistake to blame the high crime rates on racial problems .
Most of the violent crimes that take place in Cape Town happen in the poor suburbs and slums and bear mainly two common features : firstly , the majority of these crimes take place between people who know each other or even in families .
And secondly , drugs are present in most cases – many murderers kill either to get money for their dose or directly under the influence of drugs .
Even though the above written might scare off some potential tourists , the government states that murders rarely occur in tourism hot spots .
The world will see how they will succeed in the real deal since in two years SA is to host the 2010 World Football Cup .
This huge tournament , for which extra cops and other security forces are being hired , will prove the government right or wrong .
Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea
Population : 254,200 Murder rate : 54 per 100,000 ( official ) Port Moresby , Papua New GuineaPopulation : 254,200 Murder rate : 54 per 100,000 ( official )
Some may be surprised by the presence of a Papuan city in the list .
One would think there must be worst cities around the world .
Yet Port Moresby “ deserved ” its position on the list .
Not only that the violent crimes in the city are unpleasantly numerous and most downtown quarters are governed by street gangs , it is also the police that contribute considerably to the generally negative statistics .
The level of corruption is very high and bribes are by many considered an honest and easy way to avoid punishment or to “ push ” the officials in the right direction .
The police get paid to see – or not to see .
Summarizing all these negative aspects and adding an unemployment rate of about 80 % , poverty and racial problems between the original Papuans and the Chinese immigrants , fourth place could actually be considered success .
Moscow , Russia
Population : 10.4 million Murder rate : 9,6 per 100,000 ( estimate ) Moscow , RussiaPopulation : 10.4 million Murder rate : 9,6 per 100,000 ( estimate )
Moscow has always been a city of two faces – the rich and the poor , the European and the Asian .
In comparison to other cities in the Top Five 9,6 murders per 100,000 residents seems almost like a piece of cake .
Nevertheless , we need to keep in mind that Moscow would like to count itself among the European capitals and in this prominent group its murder rate is just scary ( London , Paris , Rome , or Madrid have rates below 2 murders per 100,000 ) .
What is the problem in Russia ?
Firstly , a large part of all the violent crimes in Moscow are racially motivated .
Groups of young nationalists refuse to accept the huge number of immigrants coming both from abroad and from the poor parts of Russia itself .
These immigrants are an easy target and so the number of racial murders keeps increasing .
Another flourishing branch of the violent crime industry are contract murders , mostly for political reasons – the cases of the journalist Anna Politkovskaya or the former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko , the murderers of whom have never been found nor punished , prove the Russian police and justice system to have yet a long way to go .
Kampala , Uganda —
As the car carrying American evangelist Lou Engle gained distance from the stage , exiting the grass sports field for the airport , the revival meeting organized by Engle ’s The Call kicked into high gear in support of Uganda ’s anti-homosexuality bill .
“ The bill will be passed into law without any debate , ” boomed James Nsaba Buturo , Uganda ’s Minister for Ethics and Integrity , and a well - known backer of the bill , drawing cheers from the audience while Engle ’s vehicle was still in view .
“ We must tell the whole world that Uganda will not accept that nonsense that says homosexuality is a human right , ” Buturo added to the crowd of several hundred people .
“ It is an abomination . ”
Though Buturo ’s remarks are an unsurprising representation of sentiments in Uganda ’s evangelical community , there was doubt whether this event would see them laid out so explicitly .
In the days leading up to the prayer rally on Sunday May 2 in Kampala , Engle ( who has led US prayer rallies calling for spiritual warfare against “ Antichrist legislation ” such as same - sex marriage ) defended himself and his organization TheCall against criticism by gay rights groups in the United States and Uganda .
Critics accused Engle ’s event of being the next in a series of American evangelical efforts to persecute homosexuals in Uganda and feared that Sunday ’s gathering would help rally attendees behind the proposed legislation .
The Anti-Homosexuality Bill of 2009 , introduced last October by parliamentarian David Bahati , had its origins in a March 2009 visit by three anti-gay American evangelists — Scott Lively , Caleb Lee Brundidge , and Don Schmierer — who gave a series of talks and workshops about fighting the “ homosexual agenda ” and protecting children from being “ recruited ” to homosexuality .
The activists later denied playing a role in the bill ’s creation .
As documented by Jeff Sharlet , Bahati , who made an appearance at The Call on Sunday , also had strong links to The Family , the powerful network of evangelical elites embedded in the Washington DC political culture .
In its current form , the bill prescribes the death penalty for “ aggravated homosexuality , ” which includes homosexual actions with a minor or while knowingly carrying HIV .
The bill also requires jail time for anyone ( including friends , family , doctors , and clergy ) who fails to report homosexual activity to the authorities .
Homosexuality has never been legal in Uganda , but the existing law is seldom enforced , as it requires offenders to be caught during sexual acts .
Despite a few high - profile arrests , the Ugandan police have openly said they have other , higher priorities .
Nevertheless , anti-gay public sentiments run high , and religious leaders routinely condemn homosexuality in a country where over 90 % of the population describes itself as religious .
Responding to criticism that Sunday ’s The Call Uganda would push the bill and incite further violence and hatred against homosexuals in Uganda , Engle issued a press statement on April 28th professing a lack of previous knowledge about Bahati ’s bill and pledging a message of love to those “ struggling ” with homosexuality .
“ We do not see the character of Christ reflected in some key aspects of the language of the current bill , ” the statement says , “ therefore The Call , though continuing to be held in Uganda , will not promote this bill . ”
Despite Engle ’s pledge , though , he was sandwiched between two speakers who openly supported the bill .
On Sunday , The Call began slowly on the main sports field at Makerere University — big enough for a grass track and full - sized soccer pitch — with , perhaps ironically , a stunning view of Uganda ’s largest mosque on a nearby hill .
Only about 100 people had gathered by the appointed starting time of 2:00 p.m. , but many more , the audience was told , would be coming from their earlier church services at their regular parishes .
Far from the stage , but clearly in view , several vendors set up meat - roasting stands in anticipation of a crowd that might not fully embrace The Call ’s advertised proclamation , “ Prayer , fasting , and repentance changes nations ! ”
In what amounted to a warm - up prayer , the early arrivals were exhorted to start reaching out to the Lord , and to move around the field to start the spirit flowing within them .
Engle , who is seldom still , led the way , pacing back and forth on the grass in front of the raised stage .
As dark clouds loomed and a light rain began to sprinkle , worshipers were also urged to pray for the rain to clear .
It did , after a scare for the unprotected sound system .
Though Engle moved continuously , he was outmatched in physical vigor by Ugandan attendee Dan Egesa who could be seen pumping his hand to the sky , bowing rapidly and forcefully throwing his arms up from a variety of standing and kneeling positions .
Approached during a stationary moment , a beaming Egesa said he heard about The Call Uganda on a Christian TV station and at his church , and that he was excited to see Engle , the guest of honor .
“ I ’ve watched some of his teachings , they are great teachings , ” Egesa said .
With the threat of rain lifted , the sermons began in earnest , with popular Ugandan pastor John Mulinde of World Trumpet Mission acting as master of ceremonies in tandem with Deo Musoke , another popular pastor .
“ We are not here for any hidden agenda , ” Musoke said at least three times , in what seemed to be an attempt to preempt criticism of the event .
“ We are here for the Lord , to pray and repent for the nation of Uganda . ”
The entire event was simultaneously translated into Luganda , the most common local language in Kampala .
For the first two hours of The Call , homosexuality was mentioned frequently , but in passing , often in a list of sins ( including witchcraft , child sacrifice , corruption , and terrorism ) that worshipers should pray for or confess to .
Shortly after 4 p.m. , however , prayers began for Bahati ’s bill to be passed .
“ We call on parliament not to debate heaven .
We call on them to pass the bill and say no to homosexuality , ” preached Julius Oyet , a pastor with Life Line Ministries in Uganda who titles himself Apostle .
Oyet also brought up the common Ugandan perception that homosexuality is an import of the West which “ recruits ” new members primarily by bribing children .
“ Father , our children today are being deceived by the West .
To buy them , to give them school fees so that they can be homosexuals .
We say no to that , ” Oyet said with a rolling voice as a live band played smooth jazz in the background .
When Engle himself finally took the microphone at about 5 p.m. , he dug almost immediately into the controversy , saying he had n’t known about the bill and nearly canceled his trip over questions raised by his presence .
But at no point did he contest
Oyet ’s support for the bill .
“ We know that Uganda has been under tremendous pressure — the church .
We felt that same pressure .
But I felt like The Call was to come and join with the church of Uganda to encourage you that in the nation who are showing courage to take a stand for righteousness in the earth , ” Engle said .
Since arriving , Engle went on , he had consulted with Uganda ’s pastors , who are “ dealing with a controversy they never wanted . ”
He then pivoted to the blame - the - West assertion so popular among the bill ’s Ugandan supporters .
“ What I found out was that NGOs , the UN , and UNICEF were coming in and promoting an agenda that the church of Uganda did not want to be in this nation . ”
Engle was careful never to explicitly call for the passage of the bill itself , and to avoid being accused of inciting violence .
“ We are not standing with violence or hatred to people with homosexual lifestyles , ” he preached .
Still , as he does in the United States , he insisted that homosexuality harms society : “ We are trying to restrain an agenda that is going to hurt the nation and hurt families . ”
In addition to homosexuality , Engle preached against abortion and child sacrifice and repeatedly praised Uganda for its piety .
“ I think that Uganda is beyond the U.S. in their stand for righteousness , ” Engle commented to reporters in a brief exchange on the way from the stage to his car , stipulating that he did n’t mean the anti-gay bill .
He also said he ’d felt “ massive pressure ” from gay rights groups in the United States .
As Engle was seeking distance from the bill from his car , Buturo took the stage for his speech unequivocally supportive of the bill .
Asked on Monday if there was an advance plan to have Engle in his car or departed by the time Buturo gave his speech , Joanna Watson , coordinator of The Call Uganda , said she had not been aware Buturo would speak and that the order of events was handled by John Mulinde , the event ’s host and his organization , World Trumpet Mission .
Mulinde could not be reached for comment .
Even before Buturo ’s speech , several Ugandan gay rights activists who watched the event from a back row of seats said they were disappointed with Engle and The Call .
“ They tried to avoid the issue of inciting violence but they did not come out and condemn the bill , which was in their [ press ] statement , ” said Dennis Wamala , who works with a group called Icebreakers Uganda .
“ They did not come out in any way to say this bill is wrong . ”
After Buturo ’s fiery speech , the event drew to a close with another symbolic prayer for supporters of the bill .
Buturo and the bill ’s author David Bahati were joined on the stage by their wives and the gathered pastors encircled the four in a laying of hands during which the audience was implored to pray for them .
Robert , another activist who asked that his last name be withheld for safety , said that while he is concerned about attacks against gays , all of the prayers to pass the bill and to change homosexuals struck him as humorous .
“ I am proud of being here , because as they pray I am also praying , ” he said .
“ So we are waiting to see who God will answer . ”
Two different pranks played on people trying to use public outdoor restrooms ( porta - potties ) .
Two of the most unique and funniest ways to possibly prank prospective pissers and poopers you 've ever seen .
On August 12 , 2009 , an innocent man was arrested .
After several months of hotly - disputed litigation , the innocent man was finally free .
The police , prosecutors , and experts who were all lined up to send this innocent man to prison will face no consequences .
And so we have another story about the mundaneness of prosecutorial evil .
Before returning home to New York from Venezuela , Carlos Alfredo Simon - Timmerman stopped in Puerto Rico .
He was arrested for possession of child pornography - and he almost went to prison for it - even though a reasonable person could have discovered that the pornography was not illegal .
The man had in his possession : " Little Lupe the Innocent ; Do n’t Be Fooled By Her Baby Face . "
The movie stared noted film actress Lupe Fuentes - who is also know as Wikipedia .
Since 2007 , Lupe Fuentes has had a Wikipedia entry .
It 's right here for anyone to see .
Anyone could have Googled the name of the alleged child pornography ; found Little Lupe ; and verified Fuentes ' age .
Under 18 U.S.C.
Section 2257 , all porn producers are required to verify the age of a porn actress .
Every porn production company is required to have a custodian of records .
Under the law , these records must be made available for law enforcement to inspect .
Two months before the innocent man was arrested , Teravision signed Fuentes .
An article that appeared on AVN on June 10 , 2009 :
VAN NUYS , Calif. — Teravision today announced the signing of Spanish internet sensation Lupe Fuentes to an exclusive performing contract .
Previously known as " Little Lupe , " Fuentes made herself a teen model sensation and gained international stardom online .
Now , she is ready to parlay that into an even brighter career in the adult video arena .
( Link NSFW . )
Thus , there is no doubt than an American company would have conducted a Section 2257 verification of Fuentes .
No one can claim that there was n't a way to determine her true age .
Rather than contact the custodian of records , the prosecutor solicited two experts to give her the perjurious testimony she needed for a conviction .
Alek Pacheco , who works for U.S. Customs , claimed that he was an expert on child pornography .
According to Special Agent Alek Pacheco , Lupe Fuentes was between 13 - 14 years of age .
( See Affidavit . )
AUSA Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega also enlisted the help of Dr. Pedro R. Jaunarena :
Based on his numerous years of experience andtraining in treating children , Dr. Jaunarena will provide expert testimony regarding , but notlimited to , the age of the minors depicted in the images in the labels of the DVDs and in thevideo images found in the DVDs seized in relation to this case .
( Notice of Intent to Use Expert Witness at Trial . )
Had Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega had her way , an innocent man would have been sent to prison for possession of child pornography .
This man would have been raped in prison , and for the rest of his life , he would have been a registered sex offender .
Unlike Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega , the innocent man 's defense lawyer exercised some diligence .
He researched the movie , finding the porn actress 's MySpace page .
The lawyer contacted Ms. Lupes , who verified that she was over 18 .
Full stop .
Rather than issuing a subpoena to verify the age of Ms. Lupes , AUSA Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega demanded that the adult porn actress personally appear in court .
Ms. Lupes had to fly from Venezula to testify in Puerto Rico .
After hearing testimony and examining her passport , the trial court ordered the prosecutor to dismiss the charges .
Monday morning will be business as usual for Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega .
She 'll pat herself on the back .
" The system worked , " she 'll brag to colleagues .
After all , the innocent man did not actually go to prison .
That a prosecutor has an ethical duty to actually investigate cases and not indict innocent man will escape her .
In The System , prosecutors file charges and raise hell .
If your defense lawyer cannot protect you , what 's it to them ?
Yet the innocent man would have gone to prison had he not had an excellent criminal defense lawyer .
The innocent man would have gone to prison because the experts are not indeed experts ; and because Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega and her team of federal investigators refused to actually investigate the alleged crime .
Although the innocent man spent two months in jail before being able to make bail , Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega will not even be given a reprimand .
She 'll continue in her unethical ways , and there 's nothing anyone will do to stop her .
No one , that is , expect defense lawyers .
The next time someone asks you , " How can you defend those people , " ask them : " What if Jenifer Yois Hernandez - Vega had been prosecuting you ? "
The Candle Thieves
Welcome to the world of the Candle Thieves – a very wonderful , weird and whimsical place .
Deep thinkers can lose themselves here in gentle , poppy pleasures , and enjoy soft - hearted sentiments with sinister undertows .
The band that made this world together is the brainchild of two serious songwriters , who wear big , thick - framed glasses , walk out onto the stage to the sound of the Jaws theme tune , set off bubble machines , and play glockenspiels , toy pianos , shakers and snares .
They summon up the spirits of Eels , Sufjan Stevens , and the Lucksmiths in their sounds , but make wonderful songs that are utterly their own .
But who are these strange characters ?
They are Scott McEwan and the mysterious man who hides behind the moniker , The Glock , – two sixth form friends from Peterborough , who studied music together at college .
They lost touch with each other when they left the school gates , and started to pursue the rock and roll dream .
Scott McEwan became the lead singer of a rock band , while The Glock played in a Keane - like pop group that had a top 40 hit .
Both have toured the world and tasted the high life , but both craved the chance to make music that was more simple and intimate .
" We had both been listening to songs that were very different to the music we made " , explains McEwan , as he remembers the time that the friends spent apart .
" We both like melancholy things that were happy on the surface , but more serious underneath – songs that were n't trying to be clever , but somehow said everything . "
When they met up again after so many years , and realised they were doing the same thing , they decided to start up a side project to do anything they wanted .
" We did n't want any rules any more .
We wanted to go back to basics , really have fun , and try to follow our hearts . "
McEwan had started writing songs in this vein as a solo artist , but The Candle Thieves came together last summer , after both boys had returned home from their travels .
They named their band after The Glock 's peculiar habit of stealing wax candles from wedding parties , many of which would fill the bedroom to which he had returned .
Both boys found that living at home with their families reignited their innocent enthusiasm – and this worked its way , slowly but surely , into their songwriting .
Soon , the Candle Thieves ' very own brand of wonky , yet heartfelt , commercial pop , began to take shape .
They started experimenting with new instruments , and found out they was something truthful and sweet about a man in his mid-20s pouring his heart out over a toy piano , or experimenting with gentle melodies on a Casio keyboard .
They realised they could turn their little gigs into special events by handing out chocolates , setting off party poppers – and then shifting people 's expectations by singing songs about nightmares and acute anxieties .
More than anything , both boys wanted their music to make people sit up and notice them , and offer a brighter alternative to bands who simply walked onto stage with acoustic guitars , then watched people switched off .
One of their first songs was The Sunshine Song , a sweet pop number about sending rainbows down streams , and being in love , before admitting that love would not last forever .
Another was Sharks and Bears , an impossibly cute track that they played onstage accompanied by inflatable toys – even though the song mentioned drowning and hell .
They were inspired by the writing of E from Eels , says McEwan , who sang about his difficult life in an incredible manner .
" We were inspired by the amazing life that he had , and how all the sadness poured out of him in an optimistic way .
We wanted to take his outlook and apply it to our experiences . "
McEwan does this particularly beautifully when he sings Catching Wasps , a song about a close relative who passed away , and imagining she was flying around the atmosphere , trying to be free .
The Candle Thieves ' gigs started in earnest in the summer of 2008 .
They travelled up and down motorways in McEwan 's tiny car – packed tight with keyboards and cuddly toys , with The Glock hidden somewhere in the middle .
Sometimes people asked why they did n't put their music on tape , to save themselves the trouble of travelling around , but the boys did n't see the magic in that .
Instead , they pushed out their boat harder – by blowing bubbles into the crowd and playing amongst them , putting more props on stage , and setting off confetti cans as their sets ended .
The word of mouth about them spread quickly – and now they are finishing their first glorious album .
The Candle Thieves come towards us with welcoming arms , singing songs about the strangeness of life that are touched every so beautifully with hope , light and love .
They make music for people who want more from bands , but who are still young at heart .
They write for people who are tired of rock 's bravado and brimstone , and who want more intimate sentiments to snag their souls and their minds .
They may have spent their lives treading very different paths , and exploring life 's different corners , but the simple pleasure of music has brought them home to its bright , lovely roots .
And now – lucky us – it's our time to get thieving .
The shrewd and articulate military commander , credited with turning around the Iraq war , will deliver a speech at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire next week , a traditional staging post in the state where the first presidential primaries are held every four years .
Each of the last eight presidents has spoken at the college on their way to victory .
In an impossible instant , wild exuberance became implausible heartbreak Saturday , as what many in baseball had never seen but feared could someday happen , happened .
First baseman Kendry Morales , the Angels ’ best slugger , had just swung the team to a 5 - 1 victory over Seattle with a 10th - inning , walk - off grand slam .
As he rounded the bases , a sun-splashed crowd cheering his every step , his teammates sped from the dugout to greet him at home plate , as walk - off custom dictates .
But that will be the last walk - off celebration to take place here for some time , for when Morales leaped into the cheering scrum of teammates to touch home plate , he landed awkwardly , immediately falling to the ground with , X - rays later showed , a fracture in his lower left leg that probably will end his season .
Morales will undergo surgery Sunday performed by Dr. Phillip Kwong , a foot and ankle specialist with the Kerlan - Jobe Clinic .
As Morales lay still , his teammates stood silent , many looking down in disbelief .
Some quickly waved for trainers .
The crowd ’s cheers were silenced .
The announcer ’s call of final pitching statistics echoed through the quieted ballpark .
It was several minutes before a cart bearing a stretcher reached him .
Morales , who was leading the team in batting ( .290 ) , home runs ( 11 ) , total bases ( 94 ) and runs batted in ( 39 ) , waved his arms toward the fans as he was driven away .
“ It ’ll change the way we celebrate , ” Manager Mike Scioscia said .
“ It sure is exciting , but you always wonder if it ’s an accident waiting to happen . ”
Morales ’ grand slam came with one out , after Maicer Izturis hit a double , Bobby Abreu was intentionally walked , and Reggie Willits reached on a grounder that was misplayed by former Angel Chone Figgins at second base .
Morales swung on the first pitch from Seattle reliever Brandon League , and it sailed to center field for what would have been a game - winner even if it had n’t cleared the fence .
Scioscia said Morales did n’t land on anyone ’s foot and that it did n’t seem to be anyone ’s fault .
“ It ’s a lesson for all of us , ” he said .
“ It ’s unfortunate . ”
But for a team already struggling with a 24 - 27 record , there seemed no more unfortunate a blow than losing Morales the way they did .
Indeed , the Angels ’ playoff chances may have left the field with the 26 - year - old because no other player in their system compares with his talent and no other in their farm system seems talented enough to trade for a middle - of - the - order bat .
Angels General Manager Tony Reagins said players probably never will rush home plate to celebrate a walk - off win again : “ If you go through this experience , it ’ll speak for itself . ”
Jered Weaver , who threw seven solid innings before earning a no-decision , agreed .
“ You ’ve got to put it in the back of your mind now , ” Weaver said .
“ You ’ve never really seen anything like that happen . ”
The closest incident , perhaps , came in 2002 during the American League division series , when the Minnesota Twins stormed the field in celebration and second baseman Denny Hocking , who caught the game ’s final out , was caught beneath a pile of teammates .
His hand was stepped on and injured , causing him to miss the entire AL Championship Series against the Angels .
Angels center fielder Torii Hunter , who was also injured Saturday when a 95 - mph fastball hit his left hand , leaving a soft - tissue contusion , was on that team , and said the situations are nothing alike .
“ That was n’t as bad as this , ” Hunter said .
“ This is bad .
Denny was our utility player .
Kendry Morales is an All - Star , damn near . ”
baxter.holmes@latimes.com
YOU KNOW IT'S LOVE WHEN FOREVER IS NOT LONG ENOUGH
The three leaders have all been out campaigning on Monday David Cameron has said the Tories are to target Labour strongholds , in the wake of the Lib Dem poll surge .
He said Conservatives were " enlarging our battleground " but denied it meant they had given up on Lib Dem seats .
But Labour said the Lib Dem surge hurt the Tories more and stepped up attacks on their public services policies .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he would work with anyone backing his priorities but said voting reform was an " absolute pre-requisite for renewal " .
In other election developments on Monday : Nick Clegg says it will not be possible to put the " genie " of electoral reform back into the bottle after this election
Gordon Brown makes a pledge on cancer test results in England in a speech to the Royal College of Nursing
Two senior Conservative councillors raise questions about Tory plans to allow parents to set up schools with state funding
The Respect party are launching their manifesto in Manchester On Monday Mr Cameron set out Conservative policies telling voters concerned about the environment and protecting civil liberties : " There is now a modern Conservative Party that can get things done . "
He denied being forced into a change of strategy after the Lib Dem surge following the prime ministerial TV debates - which polls suggest has pushed Labour into third place .
But he said it provided his party with " a great opportunity " to " extend our range of targets in the north of England and across the Midlands " - in seats where Labour has enjoyed healthy majorities .
He wants to hold the whole country to ransom , just to get what would benefit the Liberal Democrats
David Cameron
" What we have seen , because of the meltdown in the Labour campaign , is an opportunity to work even harder in certain seats where frankly it 's always felt that they are quite safe Labour seats , but they are not any more , they are up for grabs . "
He denied giving up on Lib Dem seats and said the Conservatives were " enlarging our battleground " .
Both Mr Cameron and Lib Dem leader Mr Clegg faced repeated questions about whether they could work together , if , as polls suggest , the general election on 6 May resulted in a hung parliament .
' Old politics '
Mr Cameron played down suggestions he would negotiate over changing the first - past - the - post system to win Lib Dem support saying he wanted to " stand by the current system " because it allowed voters to " throw out " an unpopular government .
He said Mr Clegg wanted to " hold the country to ransom " over his demand to change the voting system .
Asked if proportional representation was a pre-requisite for Lib Dem support , Mr Clegg said " electoral reform is a first step " for any government to " start restoring public trust in the political system .
My sense is that Nick Clegg has somewhat overreached himself , maybe intoxicated by the publicity he has received
Douglas Alexander
Day at - a - glance : 26 April Asked if he could work with Mr Cameron , the Lib Dem leader said : " I will work with anybody , I do n't care what label they have got attached to them , who will join with me in seeking those big changes in Britain .
It 's quite clear from what we have heard this morning that David Cameron wants to set his face against any serious change in our politics .
I believe in a new politics , he believes in an old politics . "
Mr Clegg also said he would not support Gordon Brown as PM , if Labour came third in terms of number of votes but still won the most seats under the first - past - the - post system .
However in an interview with Sky News he did not rule out working with other senior Labour figures like Alan Johnson or David Miliband .
' Arrogant '
In an interview to be broadcast on BBC 3 on Wednesday , Mr Brown said it was " strange " that politicians were " spending their time speculating about what happens after the election " rather than putting policies to people .
" Do n't presume what the people are going to vote before they vote ... because that would be arrogant , " he said .
Labour 's election co-ordinator Douglas Alexander said : " My sense is that Nick Clegg has somewhat overreached himself , maybe intoxicated by the publicity he has received in recent days , in getting into the speculation business . "
He said Mr Clegg 's " hostility " to Labour made it easier for them to tell voters in Labour / Conservative marginals : " If you vote Clegg , you 'll end up with David Cameron . "
He said some seats which Labour had expected to be " tough " were now " back in play , as a result of a significant rise in Liberal Democrat support " and dismissed Mr Cameron 's comments as " spin " .
Labour is launching its health manifesto , outlining patient guarantees and warning against what they call the Tories ' plan for " do - it - yourself public services " , which they see would see " a return to long waits " in the NHS .
And Schools Secretary Ed Balls said comments by two senior Conservative councillors about Tory education policy had " let the cat out of the bag " by querying whether it would drain funds from mainstream schools .
Mr Brown dismissed reports of Cabinet splits over Labour 's election strategy as " innuendo and gossip " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES — Republican lawmakers and candidates are increasingly divided over illegal immigration — torn between the need to attract Latino support , especially at the ballot box , and rallying party members who support tougher action .
Arizona ’s new measure , which requires that the police check the documents of anyone they stop or detain whom they suspect of being in the country illegally , has forced politicians far and wide to take a stance .
But unlike in Washington , where a consensus exists among establishment Republicans , the fault lines in the states — where the issue is even more visceral and immediate — are not predictable .
Conservative Republican governors like Jim Gibbons of Nevada , Robert F. McDonnell of Virginia and Rick Perry of Texas have criticized the Arizona law .
But some more moderate Republicans , like Tom Campbell , who is running in the party ’s Senate primary in California , have supported it .
The decision on whether to support or oppose the law can have almost immediate political consequences .
The latest evidence may be Meg Whitman ’s declining fortunes .
A 30 - year - old man died at Carle Foundation Hospital on Thursday after falling from the 18th floor of the Burnham 310 apartment complex that morning , according to a press release from the Champaign County coroner ’s office .
According to the release , Jeronymo Pereira , a Ph.D candidate from the University , was pronounced dead at 1:50 p.m.
Thursday due to the traumatic injuries he sustained from the fall .
“ At approximately 9:09 a.m. this morning , police received a report of a man observed jumping from an 18th story window at 310 East Springfield Avenue , ” said Rene Dunn , spokeswoman for the Champaign Police Department .
Champaign Police Sgt. Jim Rein said the man jumped out the 18th floor window of a common hallway in the apartment building and landed onto an adjoining four story building .
The man jumped off that building as well , falling onto the sidewalk below .
Dunn said upon arrival at the scene , officers discovered a broken window on the 18th floor and a fire extinguisher on the roof below , suggesting that the extinguisher was used to break the window .
The man survived the two jumps and was rushed to Carle Foundation Hospital , Rein said .
“ The Champaign Police Department and the coroner ’s office are currently investigating this case as a probable suicide , ” Dunn said .
No autopsy will be performed , but a toxicology report has been issued .
The results are still pending .
University employee Torsten Hoefler was biking to work when he saw the man jump from the building , according to his blog .
Hoefler wrote that the man jumped around 9:10 a.m. Thursday morning .
It took less than 60 seconds before ambulance sirens were heard , he said .
The apartment building , which opened last year , is one of the tallest in Champaign , according to the City of Champaign Planning Department .
Burnham 310 representatives declined to comment , as the situation was still being investigated .
Periera was a student in the Structural Engineering and Structural Mechanics Program at the University , with a fellowship in Computational Science and Engineering .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo . --
Those were n't trade winds blowing through Dove Valley on Monday .
On a blustery day when a 45 - foot pine tree next to one of the team 's practice fields was blown over by wind gusts that reached 70 mph , coach Josh McDaniels emphatically denied the Denver Broncos were trying to deal one of their four quarterbacks .
There 's been speculation that the Broncos have considered trading starter Kyle Orton to make room for Brady Quinn and Tim Tebow or maybe even Tom Brandstater .
McDaniels said none of the Broncos ' quarterbacks have been the subject of trade talks .
" There 's not one quarterback on our roster that 's been discussed or would be discussed at this point in any trade talks or anything else for that matter .
We 're going to let them compete and the best guy is going to play , " McDaniels said .
He said there 's still plenty of passes and evaluations to be made before the Broncos whittle their quarterback corps by one later this summer .
There is an open competition for the starting job with the incumbent Orton in the lead .
Although he has been in the system longer than the others , Orton signed a one - year tender as a restricted free agent and there are no talks on a long - term deal he covets .
In March , the Broncos traded for Quinn , the former Notre Dame star who never took off in Cleveland , and last month they shocked the NFL with their first - round selection of Tebow , the former Heisman Trophy winner and two - time national champion at Florida .
Star cornerback Champ Bailey , for one , has Orton 's back .
" It 's going to be a good battle , but I 'll tell you what , Orton , I mean , until he shows anything different , he 's my guy , " Bailey said .
Why ?
" He 's a great professional .
He can make all the throws .
He 's smart .
He goes about his business in a good way .
I can appreciate that , " Bailey said .
" And like I said , he was our guy last year .
He played well for us , and until somebody unseats him , he 's the one . "
McDaniels ' sentiments exactly .
" That 's usually how it goes .
The starter is the starter until somebody beats him out , " McDaniels said .
" Everybody earns their own role .
The best player will play , that 's all I 'm saying .
It does n't matter if it 's at defensive end , punter , quarterback , center , if he 's the best player he 's playing .
" And right now he's the best player , " McDaniels said .
" He 's in there first in the huddle .
He knows the most .
Does that mean that that 's a guarantee for this season ?
No , and he knows that .
Every quarterback knows that .
Every player knows it . "
None of the quarterbacks looked good on this day , their throws sailing high over receivers ' heads or dying at their feet thanks to the 35 - 45 mph winds that the National Weather Service said gusted to 70 mph .
Some throws were spirals , others came in end - over - end .
The punts were even more erratic , traveling 25 yards into the wind and 85 with it .
Kicks ?
Those were really an adventure .
One time , Matt Prater lined up at the left hash mark on his 30 - yard line with the portable goal posts 30 yards away on the other 40 .
The ball sailed through the narrow posts and continued slicing all the way to the end zone , where it struck the right out - of - bounds pylon .
Prater , who went to Central Florida , said this was the worst wind he'd ever kicked in .
" Definitely , by far .
In college , we had hurricanes .
I kicked right before the storms came but it was not anything like this because this is constant , " he said .
The winds were cold , too , which did n't help .
" I was trying to find somebody to hide behind , but I did n't have too much luck , " outside linebacker Robert Ayers said .
Three - hundred - fifty - pound nose tackle Jamal Williams said it was easy for guys like him to play in high winds but not for guys like wide receiver Eddie Royal , who is listed generously at 180 pounds .
" I was lining up and the wind was blowing me off " the line , conceded Royal .
" So , if it had been a game , I might have had a few false - start penalties . "
Despite all that , McDaniels called it a productive practice .
" I think there are certain things we can't do well in the wind in terms of punting or throwing or kicking the ball , but everything else for the most part in football you can , " he said .
When the old pine tree toppled , however , McDaniels said he began to worry about his camera operator atop the 30 - foot - high scissors lift , which swayed throughout the workout along with the goal posts .
He did n't come down , however , until the workouts were over and the players hustled inside .
Health insurers in many states have been seeking double - digit premium increases from people who buy their own policies directly from the companies rather than obtaining group coverage at work .
In states where regulators have the power to curb excessive rate hikes , the increases are often rejected or negotiated down .
In those where the regulatory laws are weak not much can be done beyond jawboning .
This hodgepodge of controls over premiums needs to be backstopped by a national law that would allow the federal government to block unjustified rate increases where state officials lack the authority to do so .
Attempts to include such powers in the newly enacted health care reform law failed .
And while the reform law does have provisions that should help restrain premiums , they lack the necessary teeth .
The story of Anthem Blue Cross ’s effort to impose big premium hikes on people who buy their own policies in California , a state with weak regulations , shows why that is so necessary .
It also shows how difficult it is to measure what ’s reasonable and how a confusing mélange of factors can affect the setting of premiums .
Anthem outraged its enrollees and much of the public in February with a plan to raise premiums for individuals by an average of 25 percent .
The company argued that it lost money on the individual market in California last year , that medical costs were escalating far faster than inflation , and that the recession was causing relatively healthy individuals to drop coverage , driving up average costs for the remaining , less healthy enrollees .
I am their leader , I had to follow them .
— French radical Ledru- Rollin , 1848
A little over a decade ago I published an article in these pages titled “ A Tale of Two Reactions ” ( May 14 , 1998 ) .
It struck me then that American society was changing in ways conservative and liberal commentators just had n’t noticed .
Conservatives were too busy harping on the cultural revolution of the Sixties , liberals on the Reagan revolution ’s “ culture of greed , ” and all they could agree on was that America was beyond repair .
The American public , meanwhile , was having no trouble accepting both revolutions and reconciling them in everyday life .
This made sense , given that they were inspired by the same political principle : radical individualism .
During the Clinton years the country edged left on issues of private autonomy ( sex , divorce , casual drug use ) while continuing to move right on economic autonomy ( individual initiative , free markets , deregulation ) .
As I wrote then , Americans saw “ no contradiction in holding down day jobs in the unfettered global marketplace … and spending weekends immersed in a moral and cultural universe shaped by the Sixties . ”
Democrats were day - trading , Republicans were divorcing .
We were all individualists now .
What happened ?
People who remember the article sometimes ask me this , and I understand why .
George W. Bush , who ran on a platform of “ compassionate conservatism , ” seemed attuned to the recent social changes .
The President Bush who emerged after September 11 took his party and the country back to the divisive politics of earlier decades , giving us seven years of ideological recrimination .
By the time of the last presidential campaign , millions were transfixed not by the wisdom or folly of Barack Obama ’s policy agenda , but by absurd rumors about his birth certificate and his “ socialism . ”
Now he has been elected president by a healthy majority and is grappling with a wounded economy and two foreign wars he inherited — and what are we talking about ?
A makeshift Tea Party movement whose activists rage against “ government ” and “ the media , ” while the hotheads of talk radio and cable news declare that the conservative counterrevolution has begun .
It has n’t .
We know that the country is divided today , because people say it is divided .
In politics , thinking makes it so .
Just as obviously , though , the angry demonstrations and organizing campaigns have nothing to do with the archaic right–left battles that dragged on from the Sixties to the Nineties .
The populist insurgency is being choreographed as an upsurge from below against just about anyone thought to be above , Democrats and Republicans alike .
It was galvanized by three things : a financial collapse that robbed millions of their homes , jobs , and savings ; the Obama administration ’s decision to pursue health care reform despite the crisis ; and personal animosity toward the President himself ( racially tinged …
Diners can choose their own carp for dinner at Baghdad 's al - Wiyah club
By Gabriel Gatehouse
BBC News , Baghdad
Baghdad is much less violent than it was five years ago , but today 's version of " normality " bears no comparison to the city 's heyday in the 60s and 70s , before Saddam Hussein took power .
The first thing most people ask me when I tell them I live and work in Baghdad is : " What 's it like ? "
A perfectly natural question , for sure , but one I find difficult to answer .
The litany of Iraq 's current problems is too long to list , but it starts with virtually non-existent basic services like electricity supply , and ends with the continuing violence which claims the lives of hundreds of Iraqis every month .
" But is n't life getting back to normal ? " they ask .
" Are n't things getting better ? "
That is true , they are .
Or at least , things are not nearly as bad as they were two or three years ago .
But is Baghdad a city where one can now lead what might conceivably be termed a " normal life " ?
Well , there is one small corner of the capital where they are trying very hard .
Old Baghdad
If you climb up on top of the blast walls that surround the BBC compound and negotiate your way past the guards armed with Kalashnikov rifles and around the coils of barbed wire , you will come to a little wooden stepladder .
At the bottom is a warren of narrow concrete alleyways , and yet more blast walls .
And behind one of those walls , a short walk away , there lies hidden a small oasis of the old Baghdad , a place where things are , more or less , the way they used to be .
Barbed wire , guards and blast walls are part of everyday life
This is the al - Wiyah club .
The other night some Iraqi friends and I went to the club for dinner .
We sat at a table towards the back of the large garden .
Children played on the well - watered lawn , families and groups of friends sat on plastic chairs or swing - benches , the men and women together , smoking nargileh ( hookah pipes with fruit - scented tobacco ) and drinking tea , or even something stronger .
The first thing to do was to select our carp .
Right at the back there was a roaring charcoal fire , and next to it a tank full of enormous fish .
No , these had not been caught in the sewage - filled Tigris , a man in a turban assured me , they were farmed .
He scooped our chosen carp out with his hands and , with a broad grin gave its gaping mouth a kiss of death , before whacking it over the head with his large knife , and slicing it open length - ways .
Halcyon days
While we waited for our dinner , the Baghdad speciality mazgouf , we sat down with a drink and a nargileh .
Mustafa , an engineer in his 40s , had brought along some old footage , reels of family film taken in the late 60s and he 70s .
Life back then seemed to have consisted of an endless series of birthday parties , weekend excursions and holidays abroad .
Men and women , smartly dressed in the latest European and American fashions , were joking , singing , dancing together , heads uncovered , and women 's skirts firmly above the knee .
This was Iraq in its heyday , a country that was relatively liberal , prosperous and well - educated .
It looked like a carefree existence .
Life , Mustafa said , was quite literally a picnic .
People come here to drink and to eat - to forget what 's outside these walls , the bombs and the killings
Al - Wiyah club manager Everyone round the table agreed that three historical events had killed off what now seems a charmed way of life .
The first was the rise to power of Saddam Hussein and the outbreak of war with Iran in 1980 .
The second was the invasion of Kuwait in 1990 and the crippling economic sanctions that followed .
But by far the biggest and most shattering change came in 2003 , with the American and British invasion , which plunged the country into unspeakable violence .
At least under Saddam Hussein , Mustafa said , Iraq was the safest country on earth .
As we waited for our food , the garden suddenly went dark , briefly , as the city 's power - supply gave out , and the rumble of a dozen generators kicked in .
Just then a pair of American helicopters hovered overhead - a sound that provides the quintessential accompaniment to life in Baghdad today .
The carp arrived , and we all tucked in , using our hands to scoop up the salty warm fish in big chunks of flatbread .
' Losing hope '
Then the manager stopped by for a chat .
He told me that the club had been open continuously for more than 85 years .
" But since 2003 , we 're all scared , " he said .
" People come here to drink and to eat - to forget what 's outside these walls , the bombs and the killings . "
" So is this normal life ? " I asked him .
He shrugged .
Another friend chipped in .
" The problem is , " he said , " people have lost hope that things will change .
So we are all trying to get used to the way things are now . "
We turned back to Mustafa 's old film .
Grainy footage showed a young girl sitting on a dining table surrounded by beaming friends and family .
There was a birthday cake with three candles , and the girl was trying , and failing , to blow them out , much to the amusement of the onlookers .
Suddenly , the screen went dark .
Mustafa roared with laughter .
" Even back then there were power cuts , " he said .
Some things , at least , really have not changed .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) BBC World Service : See programme schedules .
Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What do you guys think of this concept ?
Sometime in 2001 while my head was apparently buried in the sand like an ostrich , Ford came out with the ” Forty - Nine ” concept .
It was a way of tipping their hat to the great success of the 1949 Ford .
Apparently in 1949 , Ford had 1.3 million orders for the newly redesigned cars before they even arrived at the dealers .
Yeah , that ’s pretty decent and all , but we are n’t here for sales numbers , we are here to talk about this cool “ Forty - Nine ” Concept .
For me , I wish I had seen this car in 2001 before the 02-05 Thunderbirds came out .
The “ Forty - Nine ” is a great looking car from every angle ( especially the convertible ) , but it strongly hints at the 02-05 Thunderbird , which forces me to give it a major attitude and a healthy dose of mean muggin’ .
We all know that very few people actually like the 02-05 Thunderbird because of its high price , “ blah ” suspension , mid 1990 ’s interior , automatic transmission , and “ meh ” horsepower numbers .
I have to assume that if this “ Forty - Nine ” actually did go into production , it would likely have been a Thunderbird on all the same levels .
A heaping bucket full of “ blah ” , with a complementary side of “ meh ” .
No thank you .
But let ’s be more positive now , because nobody likes a negative Nancy …
Fact :
This “ Forty - Nine ” car concept is great looking .
Look at how straight the body is , and how clean all the edges of the glass are .
I wish my cars had the kind of smooooooth that Ford brought to 2001 with this car ( A+ on that ) .
The wheels are little dated now , but in 2001 they were probably the hottest thing on the block .
The roof is clear , which is great for a multitude reasons that I wo n’t dive into .
Other than the intake pipe decal , the engine bay is a work of art that looks delicious .
With the engine bay that nice , who cares what the rest of the car looks like ?
The interior overall is pretty nice looking .
It really brings a simple , sporty , and classic look to the table .
Well done on that .
Now , build this car with a new supercharged 5.0L and a 6 - speed manual transmission , loud exhaust , and new wheels , and it will be eternally great .
I ’ll take mine 4 inches lower too .
Images from :
http://www.seriouswheels.com/
The headline of the newspaper Tafnit Bahadashot , in white letters on a red background , was alarming : " First chemical attack on Israel – dozens dead , hundreds injured . "
The article went on to say that Soroka University Medical Center in Beersheba was overwhelmed by the pressure and even those who were n't injured were under severe shock .
The following day the paper reported on five missiles that fell almost simultaneously on Tel Aviv , whose residents took themselves abroad or to tent cities .
These special editions were n't seen by the general public .
Only certain people who took part in the Home Front exercise " Turning Point 4 " got to see them .
The writers and editors of the paper , as well as the writers of the fictitious website , were the exercise 's directors in an attempt to imagine the public and media chaos that would erupt if their horrendous scenarios were to develop .
Speaking Out Lebanon PM slams Israel defense drill AFP Saad Hariri says Israeli decision to launch week of military exercises ' runs counter to peace efforts ...
How can you launch peace negotiations with Palestinians while holding military maneuvers ? '
Lebanon PM slams Israel defense drill
While most people are keeping their eyes on developments in Iran , the security forces turned their attention to the octopus ' other tentacles – missiles and rockets in the immediate vicinity .
These , with logistic support , training and instruction in the field , make Syria , southern Lebanon and the Gaza Strip far more threatening – closer , in terms of time and geographic distance , than the potential nuclear threat from Iran .
" What we saw this week was not just for show or some imaginary scenario , " said a security source who had taken part in the extensive drill .
" We may certainly have to cope with such an attack that we have never experienced before , particularly on the home front . "
An ' overturned train ' ( Photo : George Ginsberg )
The drill 's clock began ticking on the 15th day of fighting .
Two weeks earlier , a fictitious " senior Hezbollah figure " was assassinated , which led to an almost immediate deterioration on all fronts , particularly in the north .
The next clash could indeed develop in this way – only one small spark is required to set off a major conflagration .
This week the IDF 's offensive capabilities were not addressed – not even missile interception capabilities .
Of course the IDF will use all capabilities to reduce the number of victims , but one glance at the newspaper is enough to understand what will happen here :
Three subheadings describe the chaos , the flight from the cities , and the temporary closure of the international airport due to serious damage to the runways .
More than 200 tons of explosives were fired at Israel in the exercise , nearly three times the quantity fired in the summer of 2006
Escalation in the next round of violence is dependent on the other side too : A war on three fronts , which was the scenario for the drill , would result in hundreds of deaths on the home front and unprecedented chaos .
The tension will make population management extremely difficult .
Black body bags in mass graves – such images cannot be passed over easily .
Missiles will empty the greater Tel Aviv area ( Gush Dan ) , destroy major traffic arteries , and lead to a shortage of basic necessities in the periphery which will have to cope with refugees , leading to complete social collapse .
Hospitals will not cope with the numbers of wounded , many will be dependent on aid organizations and volunteers whose numbers will go down as the situation continues , the education system will collapse , banks will struggle to function .
And we have n’t mentioned strategic installations , some containing dangerous materials .
In short : A frightened and paralyzed society , with feelings of frustration and despair projected from the home front to the battlefront .
Great unknown : Population behavior
Whether a war breaks out next summer or not , Israel faces an enormous challenge .
" Turning Point " was intended mainly to drill the command chains , systems and organizations to deal with hundreds of thousands of refugees , rescue victims from beneath collapsed hospitals , evacuate pensioners , clear areas of chemicals , and – at the same time – to know how to operate a special television studio under the Home Front command , and control messages to the population as much as possible .
Even the operation of some 2,600 sirens on Wednesday had a purpose in checking the preparedness of the system .
Of less significance was the number of citizens who gave up ten minutes of their time to get inside shelters .
Next year the drill will be carried out in the evening , as a way of increasing awareness .
By then , the Home Front is expected to have completed new preparations for warnings against missiles bearing non-conventional warheads , which will be different from the oscillating siren heard last week .
How will the population react ?
( Photo : Avisag She'ar Yishuv )
IDF officers who know the field well said that in addition to the important drills and preparations , there is still one great unknown :
The population 's behavior .
And on this subject , it seems citizens are unsure what is expected of them .
" We can envision a scenario like a Lebanon war three or four times greater than the last Lebanon war , and if Syria joins , then six or seven times greater .
And as if that was n't enough , Hamas and organizations in Gaza can also take part , " one officer tried to sum up the threats .
The IDF is familiar with public opinion , according to which war is not some imaginary scenario , but still people are not aware of the possible extend of a war ( as the stock exchange and real estate markets testify ) .
The drill scenario is likely to be seen as an exaggeration .
" Just this week we heard people speaking against what may be expected here , " one officer said .
" Many think that if there 's a war , it 'll be a rerun of the Lebanon war , or something like that . "
But things are a little different , according to those in the know who are coping with the usual dilemma :
The fear of creating panic alongside the need to prepare the population .
Yet despite the extreme scenarios , the security services are also trying to keep things calm .
The processes undergone by the Home Front during the last three years will moderate all the scenarios described here .
" Though it may not stop a missile , we will know how to deal with such a situation and reduce the number of losses , " an officer said .
" If people leave one city for another , we 'll be there and know how to set up the place for this scenario .
Basically , we need to get better and be there for the people . "
Project description
[ urlimport.py ]
Enables remote module importing through urllib2 and perforce .
author : Jure Vrscaj < jure@codeshift.net >
last contributed versions :
version : 0.72 c ( myevan < myevan_net@naver.com > fixes and improvements )
version : 0.85a ( alex < alexbodn@012.net.il > fixes and improvements )
version : 0.72d ( jure < jure@codeshift.net > found a bug and alex fixed it ) .
homepage : http://urlimport.codeshift.net
license : MIT
Usage :
import sys , urlimport
urlimport.config(**{
' ssl_key.https://your.url':'key for this url '
' ssl_cert.https://your.url':'cert for this url ' ,
' opener.https://your.url':'opener for this url ' ,
' cache_time.http://your.url':'timedelta to keep files in cache for this url ' ,
' no_cache.url ' : True , # do n't cache modules from this url
' user_agent.url ' :' user agent header for this url ' ,
' ssl_key .host ' :' key for this host '
' ssl_cert.host ' :' cert for this host ' ,
' opener .host ' :' opener for this host ' ,
' cache_time.host ' :' timedelta to keep files in cache for this host ' ,
' no_cache.host ' : True , # do n't cache modules from this host
' user_agent.host ':' user agent header for this host ' ,
' ssl_key ' :' key for unspecified urls ' ,
' ssl_cert ' :' cert for unspecified urls ' ,
' opener ' :' opener for unspecified urls ' ,
' no_cache ' : ' True , # do n't cache modules for unspecified urls
' user_agent ' : ' user agent header for unspecified urls ' ,
' cache_time ' : ' timedelta to keep files in cache for unspecified urls ' ,
# if cache_time is missing , keep forever , but check last_modified and etag
' cache_dir ' : ' root of the cache dir ' , # if missing , a temp dir will be created ,
# if empty , no cache will be used
' py_version_string ' : ' $ PYTHON_VERSION ' , # string in path to be replaced by
# $ major.$minor
' debug ' : int ( level of output text . see debug ( ) function )
} )
# note : if you supply your own opener , i'd recommand inheriting / implementing the
# status handling features from class DefaultErrorHandler below .
sys.path.insert(0 , " http://your.url " ) # this may already be there , like setting
# PYTHONPATH
# but there is a danger default __import__
# would try it before
expect to have access to your modules at http://your.url
TODO :
- check what 's mpath all about .
TODO later :
- python 3.1 support .
preliminary work done
- url import of zipped modules
- support of other urls , like ssh , svn , hg , bzr , cvs etc .
- reload c extensions .
well , they do n't allways reload in local import either ,
but my module does reload locally , so why not remotely ?
introspection will help .
- swithch the usage of debug with some logging , and do some cleanup of the
calls .
For Phase One Re-opening Updated Policies please see : https://www.nypl.org/about/coronavirus/reopening-faq
You may check out up to 50 items * at a time with your NYPL Card , including a maximum of 10 DVDs .
Library materials may be borrowed for the following lengths of time :
Material Type Loan Period Books , Book / Recording Sets , Recorded Books , Pamphlets , CDs , Periodicals , Picture Collection Materials , Scores , Librettos , Interlibrary Loan ( ILL ) Material 3 weeks New Books 2 weeks eNYPL items Varies .
See eNYPL site for details .
Express Books 1 week DVDs , VHS , VCDs , CD - ROMs 1 week Reserve Films ( LPA ) 60 - 90 minutes
( in - library only ) Wireless Laptops 45 minutes
( in - library only ) Research Library Materials 1 day
( in - library only ) Scholar Materials Consult the appropriate division
You are responsible for returning borrowed items on time , and for any fines and fees associated with overdue or non-returned items .
A receipt indicating the date due is issued with every item you borrow .
Please note that your Library card alone does not allow access to certain Special Collections ; check with the appropriate division for details .
* Educator Borrowers may checkout up to 100 items .
Using The Library ’s online catalog , you may request up to 30 * circulating items at a time to be delivered to the Library location of your choice .
You may also place requests with the assistance of a Library staff member .
Only certain circulating items in the catalog may be requested .*
1. Search the catalog .
2 . You can refine your search results by selecting the facets on the left hand side of the results page
3. Select the Place Hold option next to an item you are interested in that is not available at your neighborhood library and enter your library card number and PIN .
4 . On the next screen , select your preferred pickup location from the drop - down menu .
If you need the item by a certain date , you may also enter a Cancel If Not Filled By date .
Otherwise , your request will remain active for one year , or until filled .
All requests for Library materials are on a first come , first served basis and are subject to availability .
Using your Library account , you may cancel requests or change the selected pickup location until the item has been routed to the pickup location .
Once you receive notification that your items are available , you have 7 days to pick them up before they are returned to circulation .
Please collect all items being held for you at once .**
Library materials stored off - site and viewable only in designated Research Libraries may be requested through The Library ’s catalog .
Learn more about access to off - site materials .
* Holds can not be placed on Book Express and DVD Express titles , CD Express titles , videogames , or items that are non-circulating , such as reference materials .
** The library card used to request the item must be the same card used to check out the item .
In order to allow for a family member or other proxy borrower to check out library materials requested by another , both parties must agree to it in person at a library location .
An explanatory note will be placed on the records by library staff and they will be linked .
Note that this applies only to active requests and not additional checkouts or other use of the card .
Materials in our Research Libraries may be requested for on - site use only .
* Eligible Educator Borrowers may request up to 50 items at a time .
Items that have not been requested by another borrower and have not exceeded the maximum number of renewals become eligible for renewal 2 days into the current loan period .
You may renew circulating items up to 10 times .
Please note express titles can not be renewed .
Note that borrowers remain responsible for any fines that may accumulate before an overdue item is renewed .
The Library cannot consider an item as having successfully been renewed if we have no record of the transaction .
If any of the following renewal outlets are temporarily out of service , patrons are expected to renew via another listed method .
We recommend that borrowers do not wait until the last minute before renewing an item , in the event it can not be renewed .
As long as your account is in good standing , eligible materials may be renewed :
Online
In person
Through Self - Service Checkout
Via The Library ’s Automated Telephone Renewal Service : ( 212 ) 262-7444
Via a call to your neighborhood library
All Library materials must be returned on or before their due date .
Initial due dates are listed on receipts received at checkout .
Due dates extended through the renewal of eligible materials are available by accessing your Library account for renewals performed online or by phone or through new receipts issued for in - person or self - service checkout transactions .
Overdue materials may be subject to late fines .
The Library offers courtesy alerts to cardholders who have provided a valid e-mail address on their patron record .
These alerts are sent by e-mail as an item approaches its due date for the original checkout .
Subsequent courtesy notices will not be sent out for items that have been renewed .
Failure to receive a courtesy alert does not resolve the borrower from any overdue fines that may accumulate .
Therefore , it is important that patrons take note of an item 's due date on the receipt issued at the point of checkout , or when the item is renewed online or by telephone .
Borrowing privileges are suspended for users who have been sent a second overdue notice for any currently checked out item .
A second overdue notice is sent approximately 2 weeks after an item becomes overdue .
Where can I return Library materials ?
The Library offers universal returns ; most circulating material can be returned to any New York Public Library location in the Bronx , Manhattan or Staten Island , except the Schomburg Center .
Likewise , pickup of holds and payment of fines and fees may take place at any Library location with the exception of Schomburg .
The Library also offers a number of convenient book drops , many of which are available 24 hours .
I think I have returned an item , but it 's still attached to my record ?
Patrons are responsible for any library materials borrowed on their card until they are checked in at a New York Public Library location and cleared from their list of checked out items .
If you believe you have returned an item , you must call or visit The Library to claim it returned .
To expedite the process , it is strongly suggested that you visit the Library from which you borrowed the item and request staff check the shelves for it .
If the item is not found , you will have until the end of The Library 's billing cycle to locate it and return it before a replacement charge is applied to your record .
Until the item is found or replacement charges are paid , you will continue to receive overdue notices and the item will appear on your record with its status changed to that of a Claimed Returned / Disputed Item .
This status will also be applied in cases where an item appears on your record that you do not recall checking out and the same notice and billing cycle apply .
The surest way to know that an item is no longer checked out to you is to request a return receipt at check - in .
Downloading from our digital collections
Cardholders have access to downloadable books , movies and music through eNYPL and other digital collections .
For additional information , visit eBooks , Music and Video .
Accessing Library databases
The New York Public Library offers access to many electronic databases on a variety of topics from the arts and humanities to science and technology available both in The Library and at home .
Many of these databases include full - text articles , audio and video content , and resources in languages other than English .
Please note that many databases that can be accessed from outside the Library will still require you to enter your Library card number and PIN .
* Effective September 1 , 2010
This week the ACLU 's National Prison Project and Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ( LGBT ) Project submitted comments to Attorney General Eric Holder on proposed standards to eliminate the sexual abuse of inmates .
While sexual abuse in prisons has long been known to be an endemic problem , until recently it has been widely accepted in our culture as an inevitable fact of prison life — and even as standard material for comedy .
It is , however , no laughing matter .
Victims include not only men and women , but incarcerated children and youth .
The horrific trauma of sexual abuse in prison is life - altering for the victims , and has a far - reaching effect on our society as a whole by severely compromising the prisoners ' chances for successful re-entry into the community upon their release .
Congress specifically recognized these pervasive societal harms when it passed the Prison Rape Elimination
Act with wide bipartisan support .
That 's why the ACLU is glad that the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , established in 2003 , has developed a strong set of standards that addresses the problems of rape and other forms of sexual abuse in prison .
The standards aim to increase training for prison staff in preventing sexual abuse and reporting it when it occurs , provide physical and mental health services for victims , minimize legal obstacles for victims to report abuse and ensure they can do so without fear of retaliation .
The ACLU 's comments urged the attorney general to adopt the standards quickly , with suggested modifications that provide enhanced protection for LGBT inmates , who are at extremely high risk for sexual abuse and are often blamed for their own victimization .
These standards are the result of a long dialogue incorporating the input of all stakeholders involved in the issue , including prison officials , corrections professionals , mental health and health care providers and prisoner advocates .
The House Judiciary Committee will be holding an oversight hearing with Attorney General Holder tomorrow morning .
Members of the committee should use the opportunity to question Holder about how long it will take the DOJ to finalize these standards and when we can expect implementation .
Sexual abuse in prison is not a joke .
It hurts victims and hurts society at large .
Those who are serving time in correctional facilities should not have to worry about the horror of being sexually assaulted .
Cooking Blog from the perspective of a father .
UPDATE 3 : A good friend of mine - bless him - has re-uploaded that twice censored youtube video - on dailymotion .
And you can watch it HERE .
Let 's see if you will be able to remove it again for a 3rd time .
HA !
______________
UPDATE 2 : Seems that video has been removed for the SECOND TIME from youtube .
It seems that America does not want you to see for yourself how criminal its " brave " boys are .
Not that we needed yet another confirmation about that .
If anyone out there has another copy of this video , please holler .
UPDATE 1 : It seems that this video has been removed from youtube read--CENSORSHIP .
But a good soul has uploaded it again , and it can be found HERE
So thank you whoever you are .
I also read some of the comments regarding this video , some say this innocent man shot in his own country by the barbaric invaders was holding a grenade .
That 's a load of bull , if anyone of you has seen grenade explode , you would know it ... it does not give a trail of black dust for sure .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________I received this just now .
It was posted on Abutamam blog .
Watch the video well , and watch it several times ... watch it several times as this video captures two things that are a truth , THE TRUTH :- the coward rabid animals , dogs - believing they are human beings and who go by the name of americans - and the true fearless and brave noble Iraqi spirit as embodied in this elderly unarmed manThis elderly man is in his own country - IRAQ - he is unarmed and he does not fear you ... you the occupiers , who have crossed oceans to kill us and deprive us of our most basic rights and liberties .... he does not fear your guns , your weapons , your humvees , your tanks ... he is fearless because he knows , just as I know , without the shadow of any doubt that Truth and Justice are on our side ... He does not fear you because he fears the One who is greater than all of you and that is Allah .
You know what Allah means do n't you ?
Allah is your obsession , whose faithful you want to obliterate ... Watch the video you motherfuckers , watch it .... see how you dogs are scared , breathless and look at this unarmed elderly man full of Trust ...
And look at your fucking dumbness because you are the most dumb shits that were ever created .
At the end of the video , some filthy american son of a bitch shouts after the man has been killed by YOU -- he shouts -- " arrest him " ... Hahahaha , you want to arrest the dead Iraqis too ?!
This is how scared , how petrified , you are ... your lives are totally worthless just like you -- totally worthless creatures , a waste of cells and oxygen -- and this elderly man 's life was a life well lived ... he resisted you and unarmed ... like a lion , like the eternal Lion of Babylon .
Roku originally told us its new Netflix channel would roll out in June , but it looks like things are actually happening a little early -- the updated interface will go live starting tomorrow , and it 'll be rolling out to everyone over the next week .
As promised , the new interface lets you search the entire Netflix Watch Instantly library directly from your TV , and you 'll be able to browse through Netflix categories like New Releases , Action , and Comedy as well , which definitely makes the casual turn - on - and - watch experience far easier and nicer .
We do wish there was a filter for HD content , though , and we noticed some lag as titles and artwork loaded in when we clicked around a little too fast , but there were n't any major hassles apart from the general annoyance of trying to type on an on - screen keyboard with a remote control .
A little Bluetooth integration in the next revision would be nice -- or hey , why not a smartphone app ?
Overall , though , the new channel is a nice solid update for Roku owners , and we certainly can't argue with free .
China Home Sales Down 50 % In A Month , Submitted by Mac Slavo of www.shtfplan.com
China has been the investment darling for the last couple of years .
As US economic woes continued to mount and the EU ran into debt problems , many an analyst continued to talk about China as if it had decoupled from the rest of the world .
The Chinese government , much like the rest of the world ’s industrialized nations , injected billions upon billions of stimulus into their economy , sending auto sales , home sales and stock prices soaring .
Chinese citizens , with an average income of roughly $ 4,000 a year , piled into the aforementioned assets in droves , looking to flip property and paper in the spirit of capitalist speculators here in the US .
But , like the US , the dream of profits for the citizen proles will soon come to an end :
Authorities have tightened restrictions nationwide on advance sales of new property developments , introduced new curbs on loans for third home purchases and raised minimum down payments for second homes .
The Beijing city government has gone even further , limiting families to one new apartment purchase and barring people who have not paid taxes or made social security contributions in the city for one year from getting home loans .
“ Sellers have started to lower the prices , ” said Hu Jinghui , vice general manager of 5i5 j , a real estate agency chain that has around 600 outlets in eight cities across China .
“ But the buyers are still waiting . ” …
Since the capital put in place the austerity measures on April 30 , prices have dropped an average 10 - 15 percent , with the number of home purchases slumping by 50 percent , according to Hu. Jack Guan , a securities firm executive from the coastal city of Qingdao , searched last year on the outskirts of Beijing for his first home , but said he could not make a deal as prices “ went insane ” .
[ source : Breitbart ]
China ’s asset appreciation was due not to any sort of real , sustained growth from increased consumption of Chinese goods abroad , but government stimulus .
Sound familiar ?
If global stock markets , bond markets and economies tank in the latter part of 2010 , we suspect China will also feel the pain of their government ’s tightening of lending policies and capital flight from risky Chinese assets .
China ’s recent rise in real estate prices is akin to what we saw in the US in the mid-2000 ’s and is nothing more than an illusion .
We would expect Chinese asset prices to take a hit in the near - term .
As trend forecaster Gerald Celente pointed out recently , it ’s no time to gamble now .
Speculating in stocks or real estate in the US or abroad is a dangerous game , and one ’s focus should remain on preservation , rather than growth , especially if we ’re talking about retirement accounts .
However , we ’ll note that because of China ’s large population and internal consumption , as well as export expansion into new markets , they will decouple at some point in the future .
While the rest of the world crumbles around them , the Chinese , with massive reserve of not just US dollars , but manufacturing capacity and an as of yet unknown store of precious metals , may be able to better weather the storm than western nations .
Thus , in an effort to diversify wealth , considering well run Chinese companies that cater to internal Chinese interests , such as wireless carriers , agricultural farms , industrial construction companies and energy firms , may be good investments after the next round of crashes .
We will , however , warn would - be investors that you are investing in a country with a communist political government , so there is always the risk of manufactured corporate earnings , government intervention into personal assets , and changes in the law without consideration of how those laws may affect your wealth .
Oh wait , we ’ve got pretty much the same thing here in the US - so have at it .
China will grow , and likely overtake the US as the largest economy in the world within the next decade or two .
As an American , it ’s difficult to make this suggestion , but the numbers do n’t lie , and unless some massive global war were to take place , the trends for the next few decades will see China grow exponentially .
But in the short - term , we would n’t be too excited about China .
They ’ve created a bubble over there and it is going to deflate somewhat while the rest of the developed nations see their bubbles popping .
The marijuana legalization campaign getting underway in California is not , despite what may seem easily assumable , comprised of a bunch of potheads staring at tie - dye wall - hangs , talking dreamily about how great it would be if the government did n't exist .
That might also be happening somewhere in the Golden State , but the Tax Cannabis campaign -- the organized effort to legalize and tax marijuana in California -- is , actually , being led and advised by legitimate political talent .
Multiple sources say Chris Lehane , the former communications operative for President Bill Clinton and press secretary for Vice President Al Gore ( both in office and in the 2000 presidential run ) , is working on the campaign as a consultant .
( I have not confirmed this with Lehane and will update if I do . )
The team also includes Dan Newman , whose firm SCN Strategies consults for Sen. Barbara Boxer 's ( D ) reelection campaign and is heading up communications for Level the Playing Field 2010 , the independent - expenditure campaign against multimillionaire GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman .
Strategy for the marijuana initiative is being led by Doug Linney of The Next Generation , a firm that has worked for state and local candidate campaigns , as well as major issue - advocacy drives and marijuana decriminalization / law - enforcement - prioritization efforts in California .
What this means is that the push to legalize marijuana in California is not being run by amateurs ; it 's being run by pros .
If it fails to gain traction , it wo n't be for lack of political experience among its consulting strategists .
If it does gain traction , that traction will be managed -- in messaging , fundraising , and field / media / voter - contact operations -- by people who have experience with high - profile political campaigns .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Bloomberg
The American housing market remained in the doldrums in 2009 and automakers sputtered along , but the wind industry continued to boom , according to a report released Thursday .
A record 10,010 megawatts of new wind capacity was installed in the United States last year , accounting for 39 percent of new electrical generation , the American Wind Energy Association said in its annual report .
That raises the nation ’s total wind energy capacity to more than 35,000 megawatts , or enough electricity to keep the lights on in 9.7 million homes .
“ Over the past five years , wind power and other renewable energy technologies , combined with natural gas , have provided over 90 percent of all new generating capacity in the U.S. , ” the report ’s authors stated .
The American Wind Energy Association credited the federal stimulus package , which included various tax credits and incentives for renewable energy , for keeping the industry ’s growth on track in an otherwise economically dismal year .
While the big picture is impressive , some other numbers jump out from the report :
• Thirty - six states boast large - scale wind projects .
• Fourteen states have installed more than 1,000 megawatts of wind energy capacity .
• Texas remained the wind leader with 9,405 megawatts installed .
• Iowa , the No. 2 state in wind capacity , obtains 14.2 percent of its electricity from turbine farms .
• Total employment in the wind industry remained flat in 2009 at 85,000 people .
• By displacing fossil fuel power plants , which use water for cooling , wind farms saved an estimated 15 billion gallons of water in 2009 .
One potential roadblock for future growth is the shortage of transmission lines to get electricity from distant wind farms to metropolitan areas .
According to the report , projects that would generate 300,000 megawatts are planned , but many of them are unlikely to be built because of transmission constraints .
“ The inadequacy of the nation ’s electric grid is a major impediment to the continued growth of the wind industry , ” the report noted .
“ Many wind projects that have connected to the grid are forced to curtail a significant amount of their output or are facing low or even negative electric prices because there is inadequate transmission to carry their full output . ”
NEW YORK — An extremely clever and creative new thing will amuse the world for two and a half weeks in June , become passé by mid-September , and wind up as a trite and infuriating cliché by Christmas , sources said Monday .
" Positive reviews on Boing Boing will signal the brief ' happy ' phase of this exciting new thing 's existence , about 11 weeks prior to the first backlash , " said Wired magazine senior writer Stephen Levy .
" I look forward to watching America fall in love with , make YouTube parodies of , sour on , forget about , and groan legitimately when hackneyed late - night talk show references are made to the thing . "
Levy estimated that the thing 's creator will earn $ 400,000 from licensing its image for use on T - shirts that will all be donated to Goodwill by next spring .
Advertisement
There were a few interesting points to this game .
First and foremost , Todd McClellan was happy to play power versus power , as he did in the first two series against the Avalanche and the Wings , but Joel Quenneville would have none of it .
Quenneville did everything he possibly could to get Jonathan Toews away from Joe Thornton and out against Manny Malhotra or Joe Pavelski .
There are a few people that still can't get away from the " choker " narrative with Thornton , but he 's gone power versus power for eleven games and he 's outchanced in these playoffs .
That Quenneville was running like hell when the matchup came about speaks volumes for the Sharks top centerman .
The second is the notion that Chicago is deeper than San Jose .
They may be deeper , but Quenneville was not utilizing it in any noticeable way last night .
Adam Burish , John Madden , Ben Eager and Jordan Hendry remained stapled to the bench for long stretches .
The third thing that is being bantered about is that Evgeni Nabokov " wants that one back " in reference to the Patrick Sharp goal .
As someone that has taken to watching every play at the net in slow motion to record a scoring chance , I knew what was going on during this play before the play - by - play crew and I knew immediately that they were wrong when they blamed Nabokov .
More analysis after the jump ...
This was n't a " soft " goal by Nabokov , as he was completely screened on the shot .
I can't find a replay of the shot from behind the net , but that replayed showed , in frame - by - frame at least , that Nabokov never saw the puck until it was on him .
The puck comes through two screens , and then out of the pants of the defender in front of him , Douglas Murray .
Screen grab courtesy of NHL.com
You can see here that Nabokov was at the top of his crease , in proper position for the play .
Sharp is throwing the puck on net and Troy Brouwer has cut through the slot taking Douglas Murray through the slot with him .
Screen grab courtesy of NHL.com
You can see here that Nabokov slams the pads shut , but it 's too late , the puck is already through him .
He 's still at the top of his crease but moving down and back .
The end result is the picture at the top of the article and it led to the goalie being blamed for being too deep in his positioning , when he was not .
Before blaming Nabokov , NBC Color Announcer Ed Olczyk immediately jumped on Dan Boyle and Murray for giving the shooter too much space , but that 's not right either .
As we can see in the next picture , this goal is on either Patrick Marleau or Dany Heatley .
Screen grab courtesy of NHL.com
As the Blackhawks rushed into the zone , Joe Thornton is back and marking Marian Hossa , the first man up the ice .
Douglas Murray has backed off a bit , but he 's clearly marked Troy Brouwer .
Dan Boyle has stepped up and decided to take on Duncan Keith .
Patrick Marleau and Dany Heatley are not to be found - they are just exiting the Blackhawks end .
As the play develops , Brouwer drives the high slot taking Murray with him and Keith drives wide , dropping the puck for Sharp .
Thornton recognizes what 's happening , but it 's too late as Sharp is wide open .
The first screengrab shows Thornton getting to the scene three steps too late .
Even if Thornton had recognized this earlier , Sharp would have had time to hit a wide open Marian Hossa , Thornton 's previous mark , for a one - on - none .
I 've read a couple of comments that blame Thornton , but the people writing those are out to lunch .
The blame here is squarely on Marleau and Heatley for not hustling back into the play .
Watch the entire sequence here .
Scoring Chances for game 30321
For those of you who are new to the concept of tracking scoring chances , a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately - preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net .
Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are .
A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score .
He is awarded a " chance for " if someone on his team has a chance to score and a " chance against " if the opposing team has a chance to score .
Vic Ferrari makes this all possible with his tools to evaluate Corsi , head - to - head ice time and scoring chances .
I 'm tracking this series with the Sharks as the home team , so in any unlabeled sequence , the first number is for the Sharks , the second for the Blackhawks .
Period Totals EV PP 5v3 PP SH 5v3 SH 1 7 2 3 2 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 10 5 7 5 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 6 6 5 6 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Totals 23 13 15 13 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
As has become the custom , the Sharks narrowly won the battle at even strength and got the lion 's share of the power plays .
The Blackhawks muttered about this a bit , but the Sharks winning the power play battle is not news .
They are doing it to every team , every game .
Unless you can find a grand refereeing conspiracy , the conclusion must be that the Sharks are playing a game that is drawing penalties .
Team Period Time Note SJS CHI SJS 1 18:39 8 16 29 7 40 20 36 32 16 4 51 31 5v5 SJS 1 16:49 8 12 19 15 22 20 19 81 4 5 31 5v4 SJS 1 15:50 27 16 29 4 60 20 36 32 2 7 31 5v4 SJS 1 10:17 8 16 29 4 44 20 10 22 81 4 51 31 5v5 SJS 1 8:41 GOAL 12 19 15 22 60 20 19 81 2 7 31 5v4 SJS 1 4:15 17 27 39 4 44 20 10 22 81 5 6 31 5v5 SJS 1 3:55 8 12 19 15 22 20 11 36 4 5 31 5v4 CHI 1 1:58 12 19 15 4 44 20 19 81 88 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 1 1:40 12 19 15 4 44 20 19 81 88 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 2 19:17 8 16 29 3 22 20 19 33 88 4 51 31 5v5 SJS 2 15:30 12 19 16 40 60 20 36 33 88 7 51 31 5v5 SJS 2 15:00 12 19 15 40 60 20 36 32 16 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 2 14:38 12 19 15 3 22 20 36 32 16 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 2 12:16 GOAL 12 19 15 3 22 20 10 22 81 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 2 11:48 8 16 29 4 44 20 19 33 88 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 2 11:14 8 16 29 4 44 20 19 33 88 4 51 31 5v5 CHI 2 10:01 17 27 39 7 40 20 36 32 16 5 6 31 5v5 SJS 2 8:02 12 19 15 3 22 20 10 81 55 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 2 6:42 12 19 15 3 22 20 10 22 81 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 2 5:06 8 12 19 15 22 20 19 81 4 5 31 5v4 SJS 2 4:25 27 16 29 4 60 20 11 36 2 5 31 5v4 SJS 2 4:13 27 16 29 4 60 20 11 36 2 5 31 5v4 SJS 2 2:08 21 27 39 4 44 20 36 22 16 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 2 0:02 8 16 29 4 44 20 11 10 22 4 5 31 5v5 SJS 3 15:58 12 19 15 3 22 20 36 32 16 2 4 31 5v5 CHI 3 15:25 17 39 64 7 40 20 10 32 16 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 3 13:56 8 27 16 7 40 20 19 33 88 4 51 31 5v5 SJS 3 8:34 17 27 39 7 40 20 11 36 32 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 3 7:38 8 16 29 22 44 20 10 32 16 2 51 31 5v5 CHI 3 6:45 GOAL 12 19 15 4 44 20 19 33 88 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 3 5:00 12 19 15 22 40 20 36 81 16 2 7 31 5v5 CHI 3 4:53 8 16 29 3 22 20 10 22 81 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 3 4:33 8 16 29 3 22 20 11 36 16 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 3 4:22 8 16 29 3 22 20 11 36 16 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 3 1:10 8 27 16 29 4 22 36 32 16 2 7 31 5v5 SJS 3 0:28 8 12 19 15 29 22 11 36 4 5 31 5v4
This was a game for those that like to use " momentum " and the newly - coined " push back " as a narrative in hockey .
The chances seemed to come in strings , and then the ice would tilt back the other way for a string of chances against .
# Player EV PP SH 3 D. MURRAY 18:56 6 3 0:05 0 0 0:00 0 0 4 R. BLAKE 17:44 5 5 2:31 3 0 0:00 0 0 7 N. WALLIN 10:15 2 3 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 8 J. PAVELSKI 18:21 7 5 4:03 4 0 0:00 0 0 12 P. MARLEAU 19:18 5 6 4:40 5 0 0:00 0 0 15 D. HEATLEY 17:44 4 6 4:53 5 0 0:00 0 0 16 D. SETOGUCHI 16:17 8 5 2:48 3 0 0:00 0 0 17 T. MITCHELL 9:54 2 2 0:07 0 0 0:00 0 0 19 J. THORNTON 17:36 5 6 4:44 5 0 0:00 0 0 20 E. NABOKOV 52:05 14 13 6:43 7 0 0:00 0 0 21 S. NICHOL 8:58 1 0 0:11 0 0 0:00 0 0 22 D. BOYLE 20:50 7 5 5:49 5 0 0:00 0 0 27 M. MALHOTRA 13:33 4 2 2:41 3 0 0:00 0 0 29 R. CLOWE 18:52 7 4 3:35 4 0 0:00 0 0 39 L. COUTURE 9:46 3 2 0:07 0 0 0:00 0 0 40 K. HUSKINS 13:44 4 4 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 44 M. VLASIC 17:18 4 6 0:13 0 0 0:00 0 0 60 J. DEMERS 5:55 2 0 2:37 4 0 0:00 0 0 64 J. McGINN 7:00 0 1 0:07 0 0 0:00 0 0
One thing that bothered me during the game was that the Sharks were underutilizing Logan Couture .
I realize that Quenneville was trying to get Toews and Patrick Kane out against him and Malhotra whenever possible , but with the home chance , the Sharks should have been able to find more ice time for Couture .
He 's won his battles at every turn .
Joe Pavelski played eighteen minutes at even strength , nearly eleven of them against Toews and Kane and went 1/3 against them .
# Player EV PP SH 2 D. KEITH 23:45 10 9 0:00 0 4 3:31 0 0 4 N. HJALMARSSON 17:57 2 5 0:00 0 4 4:21 0 0 5 B. SOPEL 16:25 1 2 0:00 0 6 4:45 0 0 6 J. HENDRY 7:39 1 1 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 7 B. SEABROOK 21:15 9 9 0:00 0 2 2:41 0 0 10 P. SHARP 15:11 5 4 0:00 0 0 0:51 0 0 11 J. MADDEN 9:07 0 4 0:00 0 4 3:13 0 0 16 A. LADD 14:31 4 8 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 19 J. TOEWS 15:48 6 1 0:00 0 3 3:23 0 0 22 T. BROUWER 12:51 3 4 0:00 0 0 0:31 0 0 31 A. NIEMI 52:21 13 15 0:00 0 8 7:39 0 0 32 K. VERSTEEG 14:25 3 6 0:00 0 1 1:31 0 0 33 D. BYFUGLIEN 15:36 4 2 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 36 D. BOLLAND 15:49 2 10 0:00 0 5 3:01 0 0 37 A. BURISH 5:40 0 0 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 51 B. CAMPBELL 17:48 3 4 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 55 B. EAGER 6:27 0 1 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0 81 M. HOSSA 15:01 6 3 0:00 0 3 2:48 0 0 88 P. KANE 16:30 6 2 0:00 0 0 0:00 0 0
Quenneville 's work to hide
Toews worked well , as his 6/1 is lights out for a playoff game .
Using Dave Bolland in a defensive role against Pavelski and Thornton might not be the best idea .
Of his fifteen minutes of even strength time , twelve of them were against the Joes , and Bolland took it on the chin .
Canadian Entertainment Industry Begins New Media Campaign For Draconian Copyright Laws
from the and - here - we - go - again dept
We sampled twenty - five percent of the substantive individual Submissions , and of the professional authors , musicians , filmmakers , performers , photographers and designers , more than 90 % were in favour of robust copyright protection as a means to secure their livelihood and protect their artistic integrity .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Every year , the entertainment industry pushes Canada to update its copyright laws -- which are already quite strict -- with some misguided propaganda about how Canada is a " piracy haven . "
Of course , the facts do n't support that assertion , but the entertainment industry keeps insisting that it 's the case , and that the only way to deal with this is through ever more draconian copyright laws to , as the entertainment top industry lawyers have falsely claimed , " bring Canada into the 21st century . "
After public protests and outcries prevented a few previous attempts at bad copyright law updates ( basically written by the entertainment industry ) from being put in place , last year , the government held various public consultations and asked for feedback .
The written feedback was strongly against more draconian copyright law , but it looks like the industry has started up a questionable moral panic campaign as it gets ready to try again to push copyright law in the wrong direction .
It kicks off with an article in Canadian Business magazine ( sent in by a bunch of you ) which is so ridiculously one - sided as to be laughable .
That article kicks off with a record label owner complaining that sales are down .
You think ?
Maybe that 's because you 're selling obsolete plastic discs , rather than updating your business model .
The label owner goes on to point out that others -- such as studio engineers are losing their jobs as well , and this is tragic .
Sure , it 's tragic , but when markets change , jobs change too .
We used to be a nation of farmers , and now a tiny percentage of the population farms .
The telephone company used to employ thousands of operators to connect your call , but technology did away with that particular function .
Markets change , jobs change .
It 's no fun for those involved , but it 's no reason to pass laws that you think will protect those jobs ( even though they wo n't ) .
The article goes on to trot out the typical ridiculous stats and bogus claims from the industry , and the only attempt it has at anyone presenting the other side of the debate are some quotes from Michael Geist , who is introduced as " a media gadfly whose left - leaning views on the issue are openly disparaged by many in Canada 's corporate sector . "
Uh , wow .
Clearly , whoever wrote the article had no interest in hearing the other side of the story -- such as the evidence that the issue here is not copyright at all , but business model choices .
The views on copyrights are not anti-business , as the article presents , but pro-consumer , which when done right is also pro-business .
It 's clearly a media hit job in anticipation of the next round of copyright debates .
Along those lines , a few folks have submitted a writeup by Canadian intellectual property lawyer Richard Owens , who claims that the public consultation on copyright in Canada last year was not fair because it was dominated by evil pirates and " shadowy organizations . "
Seriously .
The article dismisses the public consultation because sites like TorrentFreak ( which he mischaracterizes , ignoring that the site is a well - respected journalistic endeavor ) encouraged people to make their views known , and that many of the submissions came via a submission system put together by the Canadian Coalition of Electronic Rights -- which he also mischaracterizes as " a clandestine group of mod-chip manufacturers .
" However , as Michael Geist notes in his response to Owens , lots of special interest groups had form letter offerings available -- including the entertainment industry .
But no one chose to use them .
While form letters may not be the fairest system in general , the fact that there were form letter submission services for pretty much all points of view , it seems reasonable to assume that anyone on any side of this debate could have used one , and thus , the results are , perhaps , somewhat representative .
Owens claims that many of the submissions were likely made by foreigners , but as CCER notes in its own response , it required a legitimate Canadian address , and it 's unlikely that many faked such a thing .
Even if a few did , it 's unlikely that most of those submissions were from foreigners .
Owens goes on to complain that many who submitted their views were " poorly informed , " but reading through the details , it appears " poorly informed " just means " did not agree with Owens .
" Amusingly , Owens also appears to cherry pick certain industry representatives to suggest that only they should have been able to comment on the issue : Uh , yes .
If you ask those who have a law protecting them from competition , of course many of them will say that law is great and they want it strengthened .
But that 's got nothing to do with the purpose of copyright law .
Copyright law is supposed to be about promoting overall progress ( and , yes , I know that 's the US version , but the general concept is true in Canada as well ) , and that means for both the public and for the content creators .
To claim that only the content creators ' views should be considered when discussing copyright is incredibly disingenuous .
In the end , it 's clear that Canadians are gearing up for yet another fight over copyright law , and the early media campaign is beginning .
It starts with bogus stories with little basis in fact , combined with weak attacks on the public who oppose such draconian laws .
Hopefully , Canadian politicians will see through such charades quickly .
Filed Under : canada , copyright , entertainment industry
Long -Exposure shot is difficult because there are a lot of barges and neon boats photobombing this scene .
This was made up from 3 images .
World War II veteran DeWayne Mercier is pushed by his brother during a visit Sunday to the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington , Va. Mercier is from Racine ; his brother is from Annapolis , Md. Credit : Mark Hoffman
SHARE TMJ4 Video Loading ...
Washington —
When Carl Oehlke woke up early Sunday , he carefully attached to his blue polo shirt his Purple Heart , the same medal President Franklin Roosevelt pinned on the 89 - year - old New Berlin man at a naval hospital at Pearl Harbor more than six decades ago .
He also was careful to pack a couple of handkerchiefs .
Oehlke knew he would cry .
Oehlke and 299 other World War II veterans from Wisconsin spent the day in the nation 's capital visiting monuments and memorials .
The highlight for Oehlke , and what started tears flowing in his eyes , was the World War II Memorial .
" This is what I really wanted to see , " said Oehlke , whose grandson pushed him in a wheelchair on the hot , humid day .
Like most of the veterans , Oehlke waited more than a year for a seat on a Stars and Stripes Honor Flight , which provides a free day trip to Washington , D.C. , for World War II veterans .
The group left Mitchell International Airport early Sunday and returned to Milwaukee late Sunday evening , spending the day visiting the Iwo Jima Memorial , Air Force Memorial , World War II Memorial , Pentagon and Arlington National Cemetery to watch a changing of the guard ceremony .
After the group posed for a photo , Oehlke toured the World War II Memorial alongside hundreds of tourists and families .
Etched along the base of monuments to the Atlantic and Pacific theaters were the names of places where key battles occurred .
Though the names might seem to tourists simply faraway places on a globe , to the 300 Wisconsin veterans , they 're more than that - they 're places where they shed blood , lost buddies and their innocence , and fought for freedom .
Like Iwo Jima .
Okinawa .
The Ardennes Forest .
Like Saipan .
Oehlke remembers being pinned down by heavy fire on the first day of the invasion of that island in the Pacific .
" I was talking to one of my corporals and when I looked up at him he had a bullet in the middle of his forehead .
He was a good guy , " recalled Oehlke , who earned the Purple Heart when a Japanese machine gunner on Saipan shot him in the hip a short time after his corporal died right next to him .
Though he spent months in a hospital recuperating , Oehlke figures it was for the best .
Had he not been wounded on Saipan , he would have been sent to Iwo Jima .
Bud Krause , 85 , of East Troy spent 11 months on Iwo Jima working as ground crew for a unit that flew P - 51 Mustangs .
Wearing an " Iwo Jima Survivor " cap , Krause looked up at the large memorial commemorating the famous photo of the second flag raising on Mount Suribachi .
He did n't know a picture had been taken of the flag nor did he realize just how famous it was until much later .
As Krause gazed at the memorial , four women wearing T - shirts that read " We 're Going to D.C. for an Honor Flight Surprise .
Shhh . . .
Do n't tell Dad ! " walked up and hugged him .
Apparently no one did tell dad because Krause was flabbergasted that his four daughters , Kathy Fox of Milwaukee , Laurie Hintz of Waukesha , Sue Weber of Germantown and Linda Van Skyhawk of Minocqua flew out to meet him .
" I 'd have never dreamed of this .
What a shocker , " said a delighted Krause .
Hank Kiernan , 82 , of Brookfield was a Navy Seabee sent in the first wave to Okinawa .
He remembers carrying the wounded onto a hospital ship and seeing a kamikaze pilot dive his plane into the hold of a cargo ship he was unloading .
" The first couple of days were quiet , and then it hit the fan , " Kiernan said .
As the plane taxied away Sunday morning from the gate at Mitchell Airport , most of the veterans , who ranged from 82 to 97 , were giddy .
Marines seemed to find one another , sailors made fun of soldiers , guys asked each other when they were on this island or that battlefield .
Veterans looked outside the windows to see military members lined up on the tarmac saluting and watched Milwaukee Fire Department trucks fire their water cannons .
Upon landing at Dulles Airport , the veterans walked down long stairways where more than 100 volunteers , including many active military members , cheered and clapped .
Everywhere they went , tourists who saw their shirts stopped and thanked them .
Stars and Stripes Honor Flights started in Wisconsin a few years ago , and the event has been so popular that hubs have opened in other cities including Madison , La Crosse and Wausau .
But Sunday 's trip was unusual - it was the first time a Boeing 747 jet was chartered to fly 300 Wisconsin veterans in one trip .
Last year four flights carried a total of 307 veterans .
It cost $ 250,000 raised from donations , including a fund - raising effort from WTMJ - AM ( 620 ) , to charter a 747 , hire 12 buses for the day and pay for two box lunches and water for everyone .
Organizers are hopeful another 747 can be chartered this fall to take another large group of about 300 veterans to Washington .
The reason for ramping up the flights is that an estimated 900 World War II veterans are dying each day , said Joe Dean , founder and president of Stars and Stripes Honor Flight .
More than a dozen veterans who had been accepted to go on Sunday 's trip died in the weeks before the flight .
Among them was John Guttmann , 88 , of Cedar Grove , who was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in February .
When he received his navy blue Stars and Stripes Honor Flight polo shirt a few weeks ago , Guttmann was ecstatic , said his daughter Lori Retzlaff .
Guttmann was a paratrooper with a glider unit in the 82nd Airborne in Europe .
" Oh my God , he was so excited .
He got his shirt and wore it to my house and said , ' Look , I 've got my shirt , ' " his daughter said .
Guttmann died April 23 .
He was buried in his Stars and Stripes Honor Flight shirt , and the flag from his casket was carried to the World War II Memorial on Sunday .
On the flight home , all the veterans were treated to mail call , something everyone intuitively remembered from World War II .
Unbeknownst to them , flight organizers contacted their families and friends , who wrote heartfelt letters and cards addressed to Dad , Grandpa , Papa , Uncle , Brother .
As their names were shouted , each raised his hand - just as they did 65 years ago .
Even though most of the veterans were exhausted by the time the plane landed after 10:30 p.m. , they perked up to see a couple of thousand people crowding the airport - a brass band , honor guards , bagpipers , families , friends , military members , firefighters , law enforcement officers and well - wishers .
Many waved U.S. flags , red , white and blue balloons , signs with their loved one 's name and one large black and white photo of a veteran when he was 65 years younger .
They were there to say simply :
Thank you , and welcome home .
To make a tax - deductible donation , send a check payable to Stars and Stripes Honor Flight and mail it to P.O. Box 636 , Port Washington , WI 53074 .
Microsoft's Project Natal To Be Priced At $ 149
by Brian Goodman [ Thursday , 27th of May 2010 - 11:32 PM ]
Will Microsoft sell the millions of units to the casual and non-traditional gaming crowd that it anticipates at this price point ?
Will Sony destroy any possibility of success with its newly announced 31 % of the console market and its significantly cheaper " Move " ?
Will either of them be able to take down Nintendo 's money printer ?
I think hitting the populace at this price is just bad for business .
It is my not - so - humble opinion that Microsoft is misjudging the market for this kind of thing .
Not only do you have to shell out the money for Natal , but it needs to connect to a 360 ; it is not a stand alone unit .
Are 50 year old ladies gonna shell out the cash for a 360 and a Natal ?
Especially if they already spent so much time making their Mii ?
I do n't think so .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An original sketch by Damien Hirst , which was given to a London cab driver , has sold for £ 12,000 at auction .
Jon Horsley , 40 , from Ilford , east London , said : " I can't believe it .
The bids just kept going up . "
Mr Horsley 's son LJ , 15 , to whom the sketch is dedicated , will use the money to pursue his ambition to be a film - maker .
The scrap paper doodle of Hirst 's pickled shark and jewelled skull had been expected to fetch £ 5,000 .
Will buy camera
The sketch reached £ 12,000 after several lower bids at Dreweatts & Bloomsbury auction house on Wednesday .
Mr Horsley was given the drawing after Hirst climbed into his cab for a second time - the cabbie had promised his son to ask the multi-millionaire artist for a drawing if he ever picked him up again .
At the time , Mr Horsley said his son should keep the picture .
" But if it gives him a leg up with film - making it will be worth it , " he said .
LJ said he hoped to buy a camera with the money earned from the sale .
( Natural News )
One in eight men screened for prostate cancer will be falsely diagnosed with the disease , according to a study reported in the Routing screening for levels of the prostate specific antigen ( PSA ) , a marker of prostate inflammation and a presumed prostate cancer risk factor , is not yet recommended in the European Union .
The European Randomized Study of Screening for Prostate Cancer , currently underway in seven countries , is intended to gather research into whether the practice should be adopted .
Recent data from the study suggested that regular screening could reduce the disease 's death rate by 20 percent .
The most recent data from the Finnish part of the study is now raising questions as to the wider cost of that improved survival rate .
" While the European trial , of which this Finnish study is a part , showed for the first time that prostate screening with PSA can save lives , it also suggested that 48 men would have to be treated in order to save one life , " said Julietta Patnick of the United Kingdom 's National Health Service .
Prostate cancer screening has become increasingly controversial due to emerging evidence that the majority of prostate cancers are so slow growing that many men will die of other causes without ever suffering any symptoms .
This has raised questions as to how many men are being over - treated with therapies that can carry serious side effects , including impotence and incontinence .
The new study suggests another problem : even with a relatively high PSA threshold , one in eight men screened in the study received a false positive result .
Further complicating matters , the researchers found that men who had been falsely diagnosed became significantly less likely to undergo future screening , even though they are at higher risk of developing the disease .
" I do n't think routine screening should be advised until more is known on the adverse effects and costs of screening , " lead researcher Tuomas Kilpelainen said .
" If a man has urinary tract symptoms and is concerned he could have prostate cancer , the most important thing is to consult a GP or a urologist .
" Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk .
GTR Profile Blog Joined September 2004 48898 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-18 22:52:38 # 1
Update :
The final episode is up !
On June 18 2010 12:33 Roffles wrote :
It 's almost been 6 months since we started following Hyungjoon on his quest to become a progamer .
During that time , we 've picked up numerous fans and followers , from those who have followed progaming for years to those who have never ever seen a game of Starcraft .
A show for people to get to better know both celebrity life as well as getting to know progamers in their regular atmosphere outside the stadium .
I just want to give a big round of thanks to those who have helped make this project a reality .
Before this series , something of this magnitude would never have been imaginable for our team .
But primarily thanks to l10f , we made it happen .
So massive thanks to l10f for pretty much one manning the entire show .
Without you , this would have never happened .
Also wanna thank GTR for bringing this series up , as well as Aers , Solinren , and TOP for reliable source grabbing every week as well .
And last but not least , thanks to rotinegg and Konadora for helping finish up the series .
It 's been a great pleasure working with these guys to help churn out these releases for the community .
It 's been a great run , and I hope you guys have enjoyed it as much as I have .
It 's been a great journey for Hyungjoon and it's been great for viewers following him on his quest to become a progamer .
While he may not have won Courage , he surely has won over the hearts of many viewers with his lively personality .
It 's sad to see him go after just 10 episodes , but I wish the best to Hyungjoon in the future .
So until next time , SS501 Kim Hyungjoon Fighting !
As promised , Episode 10 is below .
I personally found it hard to watch , as saying goodbye is never easy .
But we hope you guys enjoy it and continue supporting us in the future !
[ url blocked ]
or
Torrent
Till next time !
Love ya guys !
It 's almost been 6 months since we started following Hyungjoon on his quest to become a progamer .
During that time , we 've picked up numerous fans and followers , from those who have followed progaming for years to those who have never ever seen a game of Starcraft .
A show for people to get to better know both celebrity life as well as getting to know progamers in their regular atmosphere outside the stadium .
I just want to give a big round of thanks to those who have helped make this project a reality .
Before this series , something of this magnitude would never have been imaginable for our team .
But primarily thanks to l10f , we made it happen .
So massive thanks to l10f for pretty much one manning the entire show .
Without you , this would have never happened .
Also wanna thank GTR for bringing this series up , as well as Aers , Solinren , and TOP for reliable source grabbing every week as well .
And last but not least , thanks to rotinegg and Konadora for helping finish up the series .
It 's been a great pleasure working with these guys to help churn out these releases for the community .
It 's been a great run , and I hope you guys have enjoyed it as much as I have .
It 's been a great journey for Hyungjoon and it's been great for viewers following him on his quest to become a progamer .
While he may not have won Courage , he surely has won over the hearts of many viewers with his lively personality .
It 's sad to see him go after just 10 episodes , but I wish the best to Hyungjoon in the future .
So until next time , SS501 Kim Hyungjoon Fighting !
As promised , Episode 10 is below .
I personally found it hard to watch , as saying goodbye is never easy .
But we hope you guys enjoy it and continue supporting us in the future ![ url blocked ]
orTill next time !
Love ya guys !
Posting a thread because
- We ( TL Fansub team ) plan to do this show throughout the whole series .
- Luring / reeling in the SS501 fans from other sites I guess .
So all developments relating to this show will be in here =D
Every Wednesday at 4 pm KST !
Watch repeats on mbc.ferron.pe ( if it goes up again ) at ;
Wednesday 11:30 pm
Thursday 10:30 pm
Saturday 9pm
Sunday 4pm
Show Synopsis :
As the youngest member of Korean boyband SS501 , Hyungjun is no stranger to Starcraft .
The MBCgame PD 's decide to have a bit of fun and set him up training to become a progamer .
Episode Summaries
Episode 1 : Hyungjun arrives to the MBCgame studio and has a test match against Yooi where he gets ridiculously demolished .
Seeking to become a better player , he approaches the MBCgame team , but he must overcome the ' beast ' manager , Ha Tae -ki , and reluctant temporary coach Shark , where a bribe from Hyungjun may get Shark to accept him .
Episode 2 : It 's Hyungjun 's first real competition , Courage !
Where players compete in a grueling 64 - man tournament to earn a progaming license .
Standing in his way is none other than the Dutch Zerg ret .
After Courage , he is a special guest at the NATE MSL where he meets the tyrant Jaedong .
Episode Videos
NOTE TO ALL WEBSITES :
If you wish to
a ) Embed our YouTube Link - Embed the YouTube and LINK BACK TO THIS THREAD , and credit us clearly in your post .
b ) Share our download links -
Do not post the download links , but rather link back to this thread , and credit us clearly in your post .
+ Show Spoiler [ Old ] +
YOUTUBE
Megaupload Full File
[ url blocked ] - Full Vid with Subs
Mediafire Split File
- Part 1 MF
- Part 2 MF
- Part 3 MF
- Part 4 MF
- HJSplit Program to join the files
Episode 2 : Done by l10 f in less than 24 hours .
Please give your babies to him .
YouTube
Megaupload :
[ url blocked ]
Mediafire :
http://www.mediafire.com/?kymqyjytwkz
http://www.mediafire.com/?oomcdwhyodn
Join parts with HJ Split
Episode 3
MKV softsubs ( 794 MB )
Torrent :
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/Hyungjoon_becomes_a_progamer_EP_3_mkv.torrent
Megaupload :
[ url blocked ]
Youtube :
Hardsubs ( 413 MB )
[ url blocked ]
Episode 4
Episode 5
Torrent ( 700 MB )
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/100224_Hyung_Joon_Ep5_mp4.torrent
Megaupload
[ url blocked ]
Episode 6 ( 584 MB )
Torrent
Megaupload :
[ url blocked ]
Episode 7 ( 500 MB )
Torrent
Megaupload :
[ url blocked ]
Episode 8
Torrent
[ url blocked ]
Episode 1 : Done by l10 f .
Damn that kid is a beast .
Say thanks !
Megaupload Full File[url blocked ] - Full Vid with SubsMediafire Split File http://www.mediafire.com/?5h255y1yzhw - Part 1 MF
http://www.mediafire.com/?tzyqjdmy1mt - Part 2 MF
http://www.mediafire.com/?j1mkwnrmdmh - Part 3 MF
http://www.mediafire.com/?mtzoyyv2ylz
- Part 4 MF
http://www.mediafire.com/?i2ydyoidzkt - HJSplit Program to join the filesEpisode 2 : Done by l10 f in less than 24 hours .
Please give your babies to him .
YouTubeMegaupload : [ url blocked ]
Mediafire : Join parts with HJ SplitEpisode 3MKV softsubs ( 794 MB ) Torrent : Megaupload : [ url blocked ]
Youtube : Hardsubs ( 413 MB ) [ url blocked ]
Episode 4 Episode 5 Torrent ( 700 MB ) Megaupload[url blocked ]
Episode 6 ( 584 MB ) Megaupload : [ url blocked ] ( 500 MB ) Megaupload : [ url blocked ] [ url blocked ]
Episode 9
[ url blocked ]
Torrent Posting a thread because - We ( TL Fansub team ) plan to do this show throughout the whole series . -
Luring / reeling in the SS501 fans from other sites I guess .
So all developments relating to this show will be in here =DEvery Wednesday at 4 pm KST !
Watch repeats on mbc.ferron.pe ( if it goes up again ) at ; Wednesday 11:30 pmThursday 10:30 pmSaturday 9 pmSunday 4 pmAs the youngest member of Korean boyband SS501 , Hyungjun is no stranger to Starcraft .
The MBCgame PD 's decide to have a bit of fun and set him up training to become a progamer .
Episode 1 : Hyungjun arrives to the MBCgame studio and has a test match against Yooi where he gets ridiculously demolished .
Seeking to become a better player , he approaches the MBCgame team , but he must overcome the ' beast ' manager , Ha Tae -ki , and reluctant temporary coach Shark , where a bribe from Hyungjun may get Shark to accept him .
Episode 2 : It 's Hyungjun 's first real competition , Courage !
Where players compete in a grueling 64 - man tournament to earn a progaming license .
Standing in his way is none other than the Dutch Zerg ret .
After Courage , he is a special guest at the NATE MSL where he meets the tyrant Jaedong .[ url blocked ]
Commentator Twitter : @GTR1H
Stream : http://www.twitch.tv/GTR1H
Is enough being done to protect the public from chemical pollutants ?
Watch " Toxic America , " a special two - night investigative report with Dr. Sanjay Gupta , on June 2 and 3 at 8 p.m. ET on CNN .
Washington ( CNN ) -- A " top kill " method intended to stop the runaway flow of oil in the Gulf of Mexico will likely be tried early next week , BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said Friday .
In the procedure , thick , viscous fluid twice the density of water will be pumped at a high rate into the site of the leak to stop the flow so that it can then be sealed with cement , Suttles said .
" Our best estimate is probably Tuesday , " he said , noting that the operation has never been tried in such deep water .
The timing for the " top kill " effort appears to be slipping : BP Managing Director Bo Dudley said Thursday night that the company would try the procedure this weekend .
Suttles offered no explanation for the discrepancy .
" We 're working very , very hard with BP on the timeline for the ' top kill , ' " said U.S. Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , national incident commander .
" That 's the ultimate near - term solution . "
Obama announces oil spill commission
BP is working to assemble " a massive amount of equipment " at the site , Suttles said , including three deep - water rigs , drilling rigs , sub - sea support vessels and up to 16 robotic submarines .
" These operations are quite complex , and we wo n't start the job until all the equipment has been staged and all the equipment is in place , " he said .
But no one expects the effort to solve all the problems associated with the spill .
" We will not rest , even if they secure the flow , even if this ' top kill ' is completed successfully next week , " Coast Guard Rear Adm.
Mary Landry said .
" We have a long row to hoe " to ensure that the damage that has already occurred is mitigated .
Landry expressed disappointment Friday over BP 's efforts to clean up oil on the shores of Terrebonne Parish , Louisiana .
Though boom and skimmers had been staged there , " the folks were hesitating in deploying that , " she said .
Asked to what degree it will be possible to clean oil from the marshes , Allen said that oil in the marshes is " the worst - case scenario for us to deal with in terms of recovery . "
That 's because mechanical cleanup can do more harm than good , he said .
" In some cases , burning may be an acceptable solution , " he said .
Any such decision would be made on the scene in consultation with representatives of the state and the parishes involved , he said .
But officials had unqualified praise for the weather , which has been cooperating fully in recent days , leaving the seas dead calm .
" These are ideal conditions for skimming , " Landry said , noting that the percentage skimmed has risen to at least 50 percent from the typical 10 percent .
Sub - sea dispersants are also being used , she said , " so we 're not seeing a lot of oil coming to the surface . "
On Thursday , the Environmental Protection Agency ordered BP to find a less toxic chemical to break up the oil than the one it has been using , Corexit 9500 .
The chemical has been rated more toxic and less effective than many others on the list of 18 EPA - approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday .
BP has found no immediate replacement candidate , Suttles said .
" Our analysis that we submitted to EPA last night said there were no other dispersants we could identify that were available and less toxic , " he said .
BP was to meet later Friday with the EPA to discuss alternatives , he said .
As the continuing spill enters its second month , debate and concern have focused on just how much oil is spewing from the broken riser a mile below the surface .
A federal technical team comprising scientists from the federal government and academia has been charged with estimating the flow rate based on video and other data .
The estimate will be peer - reviewed and " given rigorous oversight by the federal government and academia , " Landry said .
That estimate is likely to be complete " sometime next week , " she said .
BP has estimated the flow at 5,000 barrels per day , but independent estimates have exceeded that by many times , and Suttles acknowledged Friday that the company 's estimate contains " a huge amount of uncertainty . "
The 5,000 - barrel figure translates into 210,000 gallons per day .
That 's 8,750 gallons per hour , 145.8 gallons per minute and 2.4 gallons per second .
Suttles said he flew over the region Friday morning and saw no oil close to the coasts of Alabama , Mississippi or Florida .
But oil has shown up in seven locations on shore so far , with no new sightings in the past day , according to Suttles .
He said cleanup activities were going on in each location .
Other efforts to stanch the leak continue .
Drilling of the first of two relief wells has reached 8,950 feet , said Lars Herbst , regional director for the Gulf of Mexico of the Minerals Management Service , and work on the other has begun .
U.S. Rep. Charlie Melancon , D - Louisiana , concerned about people who are working to clean up the spill , has asked the White House to set up temporary health care centers along the Gulf Coast to serve volunteers and workers .
Melancon envisions such clinics as providing " medical checkups to people who have come in contact with the oil and assist[ing ] in monitoring the health effects of the oil leak on south Louisianians . "
He sent the request Wednesday to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius .
There was no immediate response from the agency .
Track the Gulf oil spill
" Many residents and volunteers are being exposed to hazardous materials on a daily basis , and some will have to travel hours to get treatment at the nearest health care facility .
It is imperative that temporary health care clinics be established to provide basic health care services in this geographic area , " he said .
He has also asked Sebelius to " appoint a health care coordinator to oversee and streamline the health care response . "
Melancon emphasized that BP should be responsible for such health care services in his state .
The energy giant was operating the oil rig that exploded and sank in April , triggering the spill .
i Report : Track the spill , share stories
The spill began with an April 20 explosion and fire that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon two days later .
Eleven workers were lost with the rig , which was owned by drilling contractor Transocean and hired by BP .
The resulting slick now threatens the coastal marshes of southeastern Louisiana , where brown , syrupy oil made it past protective booms and into the wetlands near the mouth of the Mississippi River on Wednesday .
CNN 's Ed Henry , Ed Lavandera , Marylynn Ryan and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The government began its campaign to slash the deficit on Monday by scrapping public funding for a Brazilian - style dance troupe with percussion .
The Tory / LibDem coalition took office last week promising swift and tough action to rein in public spending , but details of exactly where the axe will fall have been scarce .
The new minister in charge of the Department for International Development ( DFID ) , Andrew Mitchell , wasted no time in finding ways to save money , announcing on Monday the immediate cancellation of five DFID “ awareness projects . ”
These included a Brazilian - style dance troupe in Hackney , plans to run stalls at summer music festivals and a project to train nursery school teachers about “ global issues . ”
Scrapping the five projects will save over half a million pounds while a further stop has been put on projects totalling more than 6.5 million pounds , Mitchell said .
These are tiny amounts compared with a government target of 6 billion pounds in spending cuts this year , but as in a decision by ministers last week to cut their own pay by 5 percent , the message was as important as the money .
“ Today I send a clear signal : value for money will be our top priority for aid , ” Mitchell said in a statement .
“ People want to see British aid money saving lives and educating children in the world ’s poorest countries , ” he said , adding that the dance troupe and other cancelled projects were not giving taxpayers value for money .
Image caption JP Morgan has called the lawsuit ill - conceived
Lehman Brothers Holdings is suing JP Morgan Chase to recover tens of billions of dollars in " lost value " .
Lehman claims JP Morgan " siphoned off " billions of dollars of assets in the days leading up to its bankruptcy .
JP Morgan was Lehman 's main short - term lender before its September 2008 collapse .
It is accused of contributing to the failure by demanding $ 8.6bn of collateral as credit markets tightened .
JP Morgan has called the lawsuit " ill - conceived " .
' Gun to head '
The lawsuit , filed in Manhattan , New York , accuses JP Morgan of using its " unparalleled access " to inside details of Lehman 's distress to demand the cash in the four business days ahead of Lehman 's collapse .
The complaint claims that JP Morgan knew Lehman 's viability was weakening , and threatened to deprive Lehman of critical clearing services unless it posted a large amount of collateral .
" On the brink of LBHI 's bankruptcy , JP Morgan leveraged its life and death power as the brokerage firm 's primary clearing bank to force LBHI into a series of one - sided agreements and to siphon billions of dollars in critically needed assets , " Lehman said in the complaint .
" With this financial gun to Lehman 's head , JP Morgan was able to extract extraordinarily one - sided agreements from Lehman literally overnight .
" Those billions of dollars in collateral rightfully belong to the Lehman estate and its creditors . "
A novel transistor controlled by the chemical that provides the energy for our cells ’ metabolism could be a big step towards making prosthetic devices that can be wired directly into the nervous system .
Transistors are the fundamental building blocks of electronic gadgets , so finding ways to control them with biological signals could provide a route towards integrating electronics with the body .
Aleksandr Noy at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California and colleagues chose to control their transistor with adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) – the molecular fuel found in nearly all living cells .
The new transistor is made up of a carbon nanotube , which behaves as a semiconductor , bridging the gap between two metal electrodes and coated with an insulating polymer layer that leaves the middle section of the nanotube exposed .
The entire device is then coated again , this time with a lipid bi-layer similar to those that form the membranes surrounding our body ’s cells .
Advertisement
Pumping ion
The team then applied a voltage across the transistor ’s electrodes and poured a solution containing ATP and potassium and sodium ions onto the device .
This caused a current to flow through the electrodes – and the higher the concentration of ATP was , the more strongly current flowed .
The device responds in this way because the lipid bi-layer incorporates a protein that , when exposed to ATP , acts as an ion pump , shuttling sodium and potassium ions across the membrane .
“ The ion pump protein is an absolutely critical element of this device , ” says Noy .
“ Each cycle , it hydrolyses an ATP molecule and moves three sodium ions in one direction and two potassium ions in the opposite direction . ”
This results in the net pumping of one charge across the membrane to the nanotube .
The build - up of ions creates an electric field around the exposed portion of the semiconducting nanotube , increasing its conductivity in proportion to the strength of the field .
When the supply of ATP is reduced , ions leak back across the membrane and the flow of current through the transistor falls .
Bioelectronic interfaces
Noy claims that this is the first example of a truly integrated bioelectronic system .
“ I hope that this type of technology could be used to construct seamless bioelectronic interfaces to allow better communication between living organisms and machines . ”
Itamar Willner at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel thinks the technology is full of promise .
“ The beauty of the system is reflected by the fact that mechanical energy at the nanoscale [ from the movement of ions ] is transformed into electricity . ”
He suggests it could be used to develop sensors to monitor intracellular metabolism .
Journal reference : Nano Letters , DOI : 10.1021/nl100499x
Days after it began selling the political doctrine The National Left , written by playwright Shmuel Hasfari and attorney Eldad Yaniv , which was sold for NIS 1 ( $ 0.27 ) , Tzomet Sfarim bookstore chain on Sunday announced it will stop distributing the book .
According to information received by Ynet , right - wing elements have been pressuring the chain 's management in recent days to stop distributing the book in which the authors make harsh accusations against settlers and the settlement enterprise , calling to dismantle it and " stop the occupation . "
Ynet also learned that sources at Tzomet Sfarim expressed concern that the affair will harm the chain .
Literary Community Mea Shearim gets modern bookstore Nissan Shtrauchler Or Hachaim Center becomes a hit soon after opening in Jerusalem haredi neighborhood .
In groundbreaking move , store offers popular - style books around religious themes , not just religious texts Mea Shearim gets modern bookstore
The bookstore chain 's spokesperson said , " Tzomet Sfarim is a chain for all of the people of Israel and has no political affiliation .
It is never responsible for the content of the books that are distributed in its stores .
Because we received many complaints that the book hurts the feelings of some of our customers , we decided to stop selling it . "
Last September , the authors began distributing the book , which contains ideas on how to resurrect the social - democratic dialogue , and is written in a witty language , interwoven with provocations .
The authors described the settlers as " the lords of the land , hardly pioneers .
They never planted a tree or built a house .
It ’s the Ahmeds that did all that for them .
For years the settlers have been forcing us to build the future Palestinian land – at our expense . "
The authors continue to slam the settlers and write , " The settlers operate on a different type of fuel , which is called messianism .
Their god appeared at once and defeated their enemies .
After his mishap during the Holocaust – he is back and mightier than ever .
They graduated from yeshiva high schools and stormed Judea , Samaria and Gaza with unconquerable messianic passion .
" No one realized that the ' new pioneers ' were possessed by demons of messianic madness .
Think about the brainwashed minds , hypnotized zombies , gangs of horny teenagers forcing themselves on the country .
The young generation of settlers forgot what it 's like to be a Zionist . "
' Settlers rule the land '
In the book , the authors also describe the differences between the Right and the Left , " A rightist is conservative .
A yapper .
Polemicist .
Resistor .
Especially in the face of change .
A leftist is a revolutionist .
Practical .
Leads the way , dares and is victorious .
The Right believes that if we continue having the upper hand , we will be saved by the heavens .
The Left believes that we must redeem ourselves , by ourselves .
That is the reason that Zionism is leftist . "
Shulamit Aloni , former chairwoman of the leftist Meretz party , said in response to the chain 's decision , " Israel has not been democratic for some time now .
Our declaration of independence promised equality .
I there equality ?
This is a racist state in which savages do what they want in the name of G-d and their rabbis . "
" The settlers rule the land .
The government supports them so much ; it 's a disgrace , " Aloni told Ynet Sunday night .
Tzomet Sfarim succumbed to the pressure because everyone is afraid of the settlers .
They are savages , racists and hate all those who do not support them .
" This country is not democratic anymore .
The fact that there are political parties and elections – there are political parties and elections in Iran also .
There are zealots in Iran and there are crazy zealots here .
The police must deal with the settler threats .
We cannot surrender to them , " she said .
Yaniv also expressed resentment about the decision to remove the book from the chain 's shelves , but promised to fight back .
" Just as they twist the prime minister and defense minister round their little finger , just as they control the state 's entire budget – they also think they can control which books get sold , " he said .
" They are trying to terrorize commercial bodies . "
Their response , he said , would be creative .
" We intend to take hundreds of thousands of copies left after they sold 5,000 in three days , and distribute them for free at the weekend on campuses and at universities , " he explained .
" We intend to print another few thousand , and distribute them in all sorts of places for free , throughout the country .
If the settlers think they can shut people up , they 're confused .
They do n't really understand who they 're dealing with .
" I think that today they proved that what the book says about them is justified .
For many years they have held Israeli society and the state by the balls , and it 's time to put them in their place , and say that we are Zionist and Israeli and want to stop the occupation . "
at
on
by Kristian
Ahh , yet another heartwarming desert island joke .
( Also , today we ’re celebrating Norway ’s National Day .
Happy birthday to us ! )
Umstrittene Sparvorschläge Kochs Kriegserklärung an die Jugend
Politik paradox : Politiker und Banker haben die Verschuldung der Euro - Staaten über Jahre mit leichter Hand in die Höhe getrieben .
Nun sollen die Schwächsten dafür bluten .
CDU - Mann Roland Koch will Kitas und Schulen das Sparen verordnen - das muss die Kanzlerin verhindern .
Von Christian Schwägerl
At the top of the page I added Utahraptor talkin ' about shirts , and it works REALLY WELL with T - Rex 's random panel 2 comic text link beneath him !
Now it looks like T - Rex is responding to Utahraptor 's shilling most of the time .
You can refresh this page for for computer - generated COMEDY GOLD , or you can visit this Flickr set that Gazared put together of her favourites !
As I always say , " If you 're going to have a merchandise link at the top of your site , at least make it possible for randomly - generated jokes to be made via context shifting ! "
One year ago today : okay so i have had that " man held prisoner by robots " image scanned and waiting since the week after i started dinosaur comics
– Ryan
Scholars translating a Roman victory stele , erected in the Temple of Isis at Philae in Egypt in 29 BC , have discovered the Roman Emperor Octavian Augustus ’ name inscribed in a cartouche – an honour normally reserved for an Egyptian pharaoh
Octavian ’s forces defeated Cleopatra VII and Mark Antony at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC , and captured Alexandria soon afterwards .
Historians believe that although Octavian ruled Egypt after the death of Cleopatra in 30 BC , he was never actually crowned as an Egyptian pharaoh .
The stele was commissioned by Gaius Cornelius Gallus , a Roman soldier and poet who was appointed by Octavian to run Egypt as a province , and who administered Egypt until he was recalled to Rome in 27 BC .
The stele celebrates the end of the Ptolemaic kings and the defeat of the “ king of the Ethiopians ” .
It is written in three languages : Egyptian hieroglyphics , Latin and Greek .
The stele has been known to scholars for around 100 years , but translation of the hieroglyphic text has been difficult as the inscription is no longer clear .
Previous work had suggested that the name of Gaius Cornelius Gallus had been inscribed in the cartouche ( an oblong frame ) .
Historians do n’t believe that Octavian Augustus was ever crowned as the Pharaoh of Egypt .
However , Professor Martina Minas - Nerpel , who was part of the team translating the stele , said that the inscription clearly indicated that Octavian Augustus was treated as a pharaoh by the Egyptians .
“ The name of Octavian is written in a cartouche - he ’s treated as any other Egyptian king , ” she said .
Professor Minas - Nerpel believes that Egyptian priests had insisted on this honour , and that it was in Octavian ’s interests to comply .
“ ( The priests ) had to have an acting pharaoh , and the only acting pharaoh ( possible ) under Octavian was Octavian , ” said Minas - Nerpel .
“ The priests needed to see him as a pharaoh otherwise their understanding of the world would have collapsed . ”
For Octavian , pleasing the priests would have been vital in keeping the province in order .
“ He needed to have a calm province and the key element to keeping the province calm were the priests – they were key to the population , ” said Minas - Nerpel .
@projectliterature​ event 03 : adaptations — the haunting of hill house
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality ; even larks and katydids are supposed , by some , to dream .
Image caption
The flotilla has been beset by delays and difficulties
A flotilla of ships sailing towards Gaza with aid and activists on board has left Cyprus and will reach its destination on Monday , organisers say .
But Israel says it will stop the boats , calling the campaign a " provocation intended to delegitimise Israel " .
The Palestinian territory has been under an Israeli and Egyptian economic blockade for almost three years , with only limited humanitarian aid allowed .
The activists , from the Free Gaza Movement , want to break the blockade .
Israel imposed the measures after the Islamist movement Hamas took power in Gaza .
Hamas has fired thousands of rockets into Israel over the past decade .
' Medieval siege '
For days , human rights activists aboard the flotilla of ships have been saying they are due in Gaza soon , but they are now running days late .
Organisers confirmed that they had left Cyprus on Sunday afternoon , after confusion over their exact plans .
Greta Berlin , of the Free Gaza Movement , told the BBC that the campaign was " extremely well organised " .
She told the BBC : " A lot of that confusion is done on purpose because why should we telegraph to the Israeli navy ... exactly when it is that we are going to come ? "
She said the activists would try to negotiate their entry into Gaza 's waters , amid reports that the Israeli navy intends to tow the ships to the nearby city of Ashdod and deport all of those on board .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the activists were " masquerading as human rights activists " while trying to make a political point .
He said both Israel and Egypt had offered to take the aid into Gaza , but that the activists had shown no interest .
" It appears they 're putting their radical politics above the well - being of the people of Gaza , " he said .
The BBC's Jon Donnison in Gaza City says there is much political spin being put on the story by both sides .
Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya says any Israeli action to stop the ships will be an act of " piracy " .
Israeli government press officers have been briefing journalists that the aid flotilla is not necessary .
Israel says it allows 15,000 tons of aid into Gaza every week .
But the United Nations , which calls the blockade a " Medieval siege " , says this is only a fraction of what is needed and less than a quarter of what was coming into Gaza before the blockade was enforced .
Sir Jackie Stewart has expressed his opinion that the criticism levelled at 2008 F1 World Champion Lewis Hamilton this year is the product of other drivers having been ' woken up ' by his on - track skills and aggression - as Red Bull Racing rival Mark Webber insists there is no ' witch hunt ' going on .
Some of Hamilton 's moves - most notably the cross - track weaving that characterised the McLaren - Mercedes star 's robust defence against feisty young Renault rookie Vitaly Petrov in Malaysia , his pit-lane clash with Webber 's team - mate Sebastian Vettel last time out in China that earned him a reprimand from race stewards and a separate incident that sent the Australian himself grass - bound upon the release from the safety car in Shanghai - have generated a degree of controversy in the paddock .
Williams veteran Rubens Barrichello - the most experienced driver in F1 history - contended that had he been in Petrov 's place in Sepang , he would have given Hamilton ' some bollocking ' for his actions , whilst former team - mate and double world champion Fernando Alonso has warned the Briton that should he fail to tone down his forceful approach , ' there will be penalties ' [ see separate story - click here ] .
Webber , however , is adamant that there is no vendetta against Hamilton , explaining that drivers merely want clarification from governing body the FIA regarding what is and what is not acceptable , to make sure that everybody is singing from the same hymn sheet in future .
" We 've had two events where we raced against each other pretty hard - Melbourne and China - and it's just the way it 's been , " the New South Wales native told the BBC .
" In Melbourne particularly , we spent a lot of the race together and it ended in contact , with both of us trying to get past Alonso 's Ferrari at the same corner and it did n't work out .
Fortunately , we both got a few points in the end .
" There was some contact on the re-start in Shanghai , but looking back , it was very slippery , my team - mate Sebastian was also down the inside of Lewis and you do n't have to make much contact in those conditions to put someone outside the circuit - and that 's what happened with me .
" I do n't like to be hitting people ; I like to race hard and fair , but it 's just been a coincidence - I might not see him for six months .
The situation surrounding Lewis ' driving in Malaysia was handled very well at the [ next ] race in China .
There 's absolutely nothing against Lewis .
Hand on heart , the way it was handled was , ' this is what we think is right , this is what we think is wrong ' .
" It 's not a witch hunt against anyone .
If anyone had driven like that , there would have been some questions asked .
It 's totally fair to do that .
In the end it was nipped in the bud .
Lewis is fine with it and we move on . "
Stewart , for his part , reckons Hamilton 's on - track exuberance has upset some other drivers simply because it has roused them from their comfortable slumber and inertia and shifted the emphasis from passing in the pit-stops to overtaking on the circuit .
" He has woken up a lot of drivers with his skills , " the triple F1 World Champion told British newspaper the Daily Mirror .
" I do n't think he is dangerous .
He has got a lot of enthusiasm , but he has to realise that can induce judgements you otherwise might not make .
That is part of the maturing process . "
These propositions run counter to conventional wisdom and highlight either blind spots or taboo subjects that deserve closer scrutiny .
While accepting one proposition reinforces the case for accepting the next , the former is neither necessary nor sufficient for the latter .
This paper questions the conventional wisdom underlying climate policy and argues that some long - standing and fundamental questions regarding energy , growth , and sustainability need to be reopened .
It does so by advancing the following propositions :
Steve Sorrel , Senior Fellow , Sussex Energy Group , University of Sussex in the UK has recently published a 25 page paper called Energy , Growth and Sustainability which can be downloaded at this link .
This post provides some excerpts from the paper , which summarize its findings .
Readers are encouraged to read the entire paper .
1. Rebound effects are significant and limit the potential for decoupling energy consumption from economic growth
This is basically Jevons ' paradox , which has been discussed quite a few times on The Oil Drum .
As technology increases the efficiency with which a resource is used , use of the resource tends not to decline as predicted .
Instead , there tends to be a rebound effect , and the amount of the resource used may even increase instead .
The section concludes :
In sum , rebound effects will make energy efficiency improvements less effective in reducing overall energy consumption than is commonly assumed .
This could limit the potential for decoupling , although by precisely how much remains unclear .
In principle , increases in energy prices should reduce the magnitude of such effects by offsetting the cost reductions from improved energy efficiency .
This leads to the policy recommendation of raising energy prices through either carbon taxation or emissions trading schemes .
Price increases will induce substitution and technical change , but their impact on total factor productivity and economic growth remains disputed ( Jorgensen , 1984 ; Sorrell and Dimitropoulos , 2007c ) .
This leads to the second proposition , discussed below .
2 . The contribution of energy to productivity improvements and economic growth has been greatly underestimated
Many of the arguments in favour of Jevons Paradox focus on the source of productivity improvements and the relationship between energy consumption and economic growth .
Orthodox and ecological economics provide very different perspectives on this question with correspondingly different conclusions on the potential for decoupling .
Orthodox economic models imply that the economy is a closed system within which goods are produced by capital and labour and exchanged between consumers and firms .
While such models can be extended to include natural resources , ecosystem services and wastes , these remain secondary concerns at best .
Economic growth is assumed to derive from a combination of increased capital and labour inputs , changes in the quality of those inputs ( e.g. better educated workers ) and technical change ( Barro and Sala - I - Martin , 1995 ; Jones , 2001 ) .
Both increases in energy inputs and improvements in energy productivity are assumed to make only a minor contribution to economic growth , largely because energy accounts for only a small share ( typically < 5 % ) of total input costs .
It is also assumed that capital and labour will substitute for energy should it become more expensive .
From this perspective , improvements in energy efficiency are unlikely to have a significant impact on overall productivity , so the corresponding rebound effects should be relatively small .
Hence , there seems to be no reason why energy consumption could not be substantially decoupled from economic growth .
Ecological economists consider that the orthodox models ignore how economic activity is sustained by flows of high quality energy and materials which are then returned to the environment in the form of waste and low temperature heat .
The system is driven by solar energy , both directly and embodied in fossil fuels , and since energy cannot be produced or recycled it forms the primary input into economic production .
In contrast , labour and capital represent intermediate inputs since they cannot be produced or maintained without energy .
So far from being a secondary concern , energy becomes the main focus of attention .
Ecological economists claim that the massive improvements in labour productivity over the last century have largely been achieved by providing workers with increasing quantities of high quality energy , both directly and indirectly as embodied in capital equipment and technology . . .
Ecological economists also claim that the indirect energy consumption associated with capital and labour ( e.g. the energy required to manufacture thermal insulation ) limits the extent to which they can substitute for energy in economic production ( Stern , 1997 ) .
The energy embodied in capital goods is commonly overlooked by studies that estimate energy - saving potentials at the level of individual sectors and then aggregate the results to economy as a whole .
Furthermore , many energy - economic models assume a greater potential for substitution that is allowed for by physical laws ( Daly , 1997 ) .
Hence , from an ecological perspective , the potential for decoupling energy consumption from economic growth appears more limited ( Table 1 ) .
The paper provides considerable discussion and gives empirical support for the ecological perspective .
This section concludes :
In sum , orthodox analysis implies that rebound effects are small , improvements in energy productivity make a relatively small contribution to economic growth and decoupling is both feasible and cheap .
In contrast , the ecological perspective suggests that rebound effects are large , improvements in energy productivity make an important contribution to economic growth and decoupling is both difficult and expensive .
While the empirical evidence remains equivocal , the ecological perspective highlights some important blind spots within orthodox theory that are reflected in the design of economic models used to underpin climate policy .
If this perspective is correct , both the potential for and continued reliance upon decoupling needs to be questioned .
3 . The pursuit of improved efficiency needs to be complemented by an ethic of sufficiency
The key idea here is sufficiency , defined by Princen ( 2005 ) as a social organising principle that builds upon established notions such as restraint and moderation to provide rules for guiding collective behaviour .
The primary objective is to respect ecological constraints , although most authors also emphasise the social and psychological benefits to be obtained from consuming less .
While Princen ( 2005 ) cites examples of sufficiency being put into practice by communities and organisations , most authors focus on the implications for individuals .
They argue that ‘ downshifting ’ can both lower environmental impacts and improve quality of life , notably by reducing stress and allowing more leisure time .
This argument is supported by an increasing number of studies which show that reported levels of happiness are not increasing in line with income in developed countries ( Blanchflower and Oswald , 2004 ; Easterlin , 2001 ) .
As Binswanger ( 2006 ) observes : “ … the economies of developed countries turn into big treadmills where people try to walk faster and faster in order to reach a higher level of happiness but in fact never get beyond their current position .
On average , happiness always stays the same , no matter how fast people are walking on the treadmills ” .
It is possible that an ethic of sufficiency could provide a means of escaping from such treadmills while at the same time contributing to environmental sustainability .
The section concludes :
A successful ‘ sufficiency strategy ’ will reduce the demand for energy and other resources , thereby lowering prices and encouraging increased demand by others which will partly offset the energy and resource savings .
While this ‘ sufficiency rebound ’ could improve equity in the consumption of resources , it will nevertheless reduce the environmental benefits of the sufficiency measures .
But since the global ‘ ecological footprint ’ already exceeds sustainable levels in many areas the global consumption of resources needs to shrink in absolute terms ( Rockström , et al. , 2009 ) .
To achieve this and to effectively address problems such as climate change , will require collective agreement on ambitious , binding and progressively more stringent targets at both the national and international level .
4. Sustainability is incompatible with continued economic growth in rich countries
The preceding arguments highlight a conflict between reducing energy consumption in absolute terms whiles the same continuing to grow the economy .
Recognising the importance of rebound effects and the role of energy in driving economic growth therefore re-opens the debate about limits to growth .
This debate is long - standing and multifaceted , but a key point is that the goal of economic development should not be to maximise GDP but to improve human well - being and quality of life . . .
Table 2 compares this emerging ‘ green ’ perspective on economic development with the orthodox model . . .
Over the long term , continued economic growth can only be reconciled with environmental sustainability if implausibly large improvements in energy efficiency can be achieved .
This point is easy to demonstrate with the I=P * A * T equation , which represents total environmental impact ( I ) as the product of population ( P ) , affluence or income level ( A ) and technological performance or efficiency ( T ) ( Ehrlich and Holdren , 1971 ) .
In the case of climate change , I could represent total carbon emissions , A GDP per capita and T carbon emissions per unit of GDP ( itself a product of energy consumption per unit of GDP and carbon emissions per unit of energy consumption ) .
The decoupling strategy seeks reductions in T that will more than offset the increases in P and A , thereby lowering I. . .
The required changes look even more challenging when rebound effects are considered .
The I=P * A* T equation implies that the right - hand side variables are independent of one another - or at least if any dependence is sufficiently small that it can be neglected .
But in practice the variables are endogenous .
So while a reduction in the economy - wide emission intensity ( T ) may have a direct effect in lowering emissions ( I ) , it will also encourage economic growth ( A ) , which in turn will increase emissions .
Over the long term and up to a certain level of income , rising affluence ( A ) encourages higher population levels ( P ) , which will further increase emissions ( I ) .
Hence , a change in T will trigger a complex set of adjustments and the final change in emissions is likely to be lower than the IPAT identity suggests .
This in turn , implies that greater changes in T will be required to achieve a particular reduction in I .
Hence , in an increasingly ‘ full ’ world , the goal of continued economic growth in the rich countries deserves to be questioned .
I have omitted several paragraphs of this discussion , taking about how reductions in emission would have to be vastly larger than assumed in the Stern report , to get both economic growth and 350 ppm of CO2 .
A direct calculation of the needed reduction in emissions would be 6.9 % per year , but with the impact of Jevons ' paradox , the necessary reduction in CO2 emissions would need to be much larger that 6.9 % per year .
This is far outside the range of anything anyone has considered .
5 . A zero - growth economy is incompatible with a debt - based monetary system
An excerpt :
A purely private enterprise system can only function if companies can obtain sufficient profits which in turn requires that the selling price of goods exceeds the costs of production .
This means that the selling price must exceed the spending power that has been ‘ cast into circulation ’ by the production process .
Hence , to ensure sufficient ‘ aggregate demand ’ to clear the market , additional spending power is required from some other source .
In a purely private enterprise system , this normally derives from investment in new productive capacity which will increase the amount or quality of goods supplied , but only after some interval .
Investment therefore serves the dual role of increasing productive capacity and creating additional demand to clear the market of whatever has already been produced ( Hixson , 1991 ) .
Importantly , the investment cannot be financed from savings since the resulting increase in aggregate demand would be offset by a corresponding decrease in consumption spending .
Aggregate demand is commonly expressed as the product of the amount of money in circulation and the speed with which that money circulates through the economy .
Hence increases in aggregate demand require increases in the money supply or the speed of circulation or both .
Increases in the money supply , in turn , lead to increases in aggregate output , the average price of goods and services or both .
The key issue is how the increase in the money supply is brought about .
Governments could ( and should ) create the new money interest - free and spend it in to circulation in much the same way as coins and notes are created .
But instead , the bulk of the money supply is created by commercial banks who print credit entries into the bank accounts of their customers in the form of interest - bearing loans .
This system of ‘ fractional reserve banking ’ has its origins in the essentially fraudulent practices of the early goldsmiths who made ‘ loans ’ of a far greater quantity of gold that they actually held in their vaults .
This gave them substantial profits and allowed them to increase their claims on wealth ( in the form of collateral ) , but also served the essential function of increasing purchasing power in a growing economy .
This practice gradually evolved into modern banking , with central banks imposing minimum reserve requirements and acting as a lender - of - last - resort .
A crucial consequence of this system is that most of the money in circulation only exists because either businesses or individuals have gone into debt and are paying interest on their loans .
While individual loans may be repaid , the debt in aggregate can never be repaid because this would remove virtually all the money from circulation .
The health of the economy is therefore entirely dependent upon the continued willingness of businesses and consumers to take out loans for either investment or consumption .
Any reduction in borrowing therefore threatens to tip economies into recession .
Individual loans need to be repaid with interest , but the money required to pay this interest was not created with the original loan .
While banks will recycle a large part of the interest payments in the form of wages , dividends , and investments , a portion will be retained as bank capital to underpin further loans ( Binswanger , 2009 ) .
Hence , the only way that individual borrowers can pay the interest on their loans , without at the same time reducing the money supply , is if they , or other borrowers , borrow at least as much as is being removed ( Douthwaite , 2000 ) .
As a result , the amount of money in circulation needs to rise each year which means that the value of goods and services bought and sold must also rise , either through inflation or higher consumption ( Douthwaite , 2000 ) .
In other words , both debt and GDP must grow - with the former growing faster than the latter .
Slow or negative growth will leave firms with lower profits and unused capacity , discouraging them from investing .
Less investment will means fewer loans being taken out and thus less money entering into circulation to replace that being removed through interest payments .
And less money in circulation will mean that there is less available for consumers to spend , which will exacerbate the economic slowdown and cause more bankruptcies and unemployment .
By such processes , the monetary system creates a structural requirement for continued growth and increased consumption .
Summary
Another source present at the meeting between Zapatero and his party members and cited by the paper said : " Sarkozy ended up banging his fist on the table and threatening to leave the euro ... This forced Angela Merkel to give in and reach an agreement . "
Half - Life 2 took 6 years to build , and here almost 6 years later we get to release it again - this time on the Mac .
As of today Half - Life 2 , Half - Life 2 : Episode 1 , and Half - Life 2 : Episode 2 are available on Steam on the Mac .
They 're SteamPlay titles , so if you own the games on the PC you already get them on the Mac , and if you have n't played HL2 , buying it gets you access on both systems .
Half - Life 2 has one of the highest critical ratings of any Valve game , with a 96 on Metacritic , and has seen consistently high player numbers on Steam with over 216,000 users playing it in the last month .
So to give everyone an excuse to play through them again , we 've added Steam Achievements to Half - Life 2 and Episode 1 , for both the Mac and PC versions .
32 achievements for Half - Life 2 , and 13 achievements for Half - Life 2 : Episode 1 ( Episode 2 already had achievements ) .
To make sure you never lose your progress , your save games will now be stored in the Steam Cloud automatically each time you exit the game .
If want to upload existing save games to the cloud , just launch the game and then exit .
The Steam Cloud will store your most recent 100 MB of save files - each save game , once compressed , takes around 2 MB so that 's around 50 save files .
We 've spent a lot of time racking server boxes crammed with hard - drives , so please take advantage !
The best part is that even the save games are Steam Play - you can take your PC save games and use them on the Mac .
To demo this feature , we 've got Alfred , the Mac team lead , showing off his work by starting a game of HL2 on the PC and then continuing it on his Mac : Ready to play again ?
Click here : Half - Life 2
Have n't played before ?
Click here : Half - Life 2
Genetically Engineered Cells Will Sweat Ethanol and Diesel Fuel in Texas Pilot Plant
The tiny single - cell plants eat , reproduce , and then sweat fuel
My month - long countdown to the release of Super Mario Galaxy 2 continues with another Mario - themed feature !
Hooray !
If a random ( preferably attractive ) person on the street approached me and asked me if I thought the Mario platformers were difficult games , I would most likely answer “ no . ”
Granted , I am a super mega - fan of the Mario series , so my years of experience may make the games feel easier than they really are , but , when you think about it , the Mario games are actually designed to be accessible to everyone .
Why do you think the original Super Mario Bros. was so popular in the first place ?
Because of this flawless , revolutionary design , the Mario series can sometimes be viewed as kids ’ stuff , too easy for the “ hardcore ” gamers of today .
But to this I say “ HOGWASH ! ”
Sure , there are plenty of stages I can breeze through with my eyes ( half ) closed , but every once and a while a Mario level comes along that is so brutal -- so infuriating !
-- that it continues to challenge me no matter how many times I play it .
This feature is all about those levels .
Those magnificent , @# ! #$ - inducing levels .
Oh , and a quick disclaimer :
These are my picks for the top ten most difficult levels from actual , Nintendo - approved Mario platformers -- none of those crazy , masochistic ROM hacks or mods .
As cool ( and crazy ) as they are , I am sticking to the official levels in the Mario series .
Grab onto a stress reliever and hit the jump for the ten most beautifully difficult Mario levels ... EVER !
Looking back , this second - to - last level in the original Super Mario Bros.
may not be as tough as some of the more recent Mario offerings , but , based on my memory alone , this level had to be included on this list .
As a child , this level was the bane of my existence .
Heck , it still is !
What makes it so difficult ? :
Those damn Hammer Bros .!
Throughout most of the original Super Mario Bros. , the Hammer Bros. jump back and forth between multiple levels of bricks .
On this level , however , most of them stand on the ground .
And since they ca n’t be jumped on , the only way to proceed is to time Mario ’s run when the hammer - throwing Koopas randomly jump in the air .
To make it worse , this has to be done over and over again before finally reaching the comfort of the ending flagpole .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Making it to the end with the ridiculously useful Fire Flower , falling into a pit , and having to restart the level as small , underpowered Mario .
Originally , one of the stars from Super Mario 64 ’s final world ( Rainbow Ride ) took the # 9 spot on this list .
But then I remembered this secret red coin level near the end of the game -- accessed by finding a hidden room .
In this level , Mario must collect eight red coins that are placed on the top of clouds all throughout the level .
The twist is the coins can only be grabbed by flying around the level using Mario ’s Wing Cap power - up -- an entertaining , though tricky - to - control upgrade .
What makes it so difficult ? :
The flying !
Flying with the Wing Cap in Super Mario 64 is amazing .
It feels great and is one of the most fun things to do in the game .
But on this level , flying leads to fits of absolute rage .
Trying to land Mario on the level ’s small clouds is very difficult , but there is no other option , since the level ’s mandatory eight red coins are scattered in the most frustrating and hard - to - reach spots .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Dying when you have collected seven red coins .
Time to start over from the beginning !
By completing every stage at 100 % , Baby Mario and Yoshi unlock secret , super challenging levels in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi’s Island .
All of these levels offer tremendous challenges , but two in particular stand out as the most difficult ( more on the other one later ) .
In Poochy Ain’t Stupid , Baby Mario and Yoshi must ride on the back of cute ( ? )
Poochy as he makes his way across a level full of lava - covered floors ... with enemies attacking at every angle !
Sheesh !
What makes it so difficult ? :
Levels that automatically scroll are tough enough in 2D platformers , but throw in the fact that Baby Mario and Yoshi have to balance themselves on a very small , constantly moving Poochy and things get serious .
It also does n’t help that the lava kills Yoshi instantly .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Yoshi gets hit and loses Mario .
The 30 second timer starts counting down .
Baby Mario continues making that horrible crying sound .
The timer ticks down more .
Eventually , only a few seconds are left , and Baby Mario is completely on the other side of the screen .
There is nothing you can do except wait for the inevitable “ Game Over ” screen .
Arguably the most infamous of Mario ’s classic auto - scrolling levels , the Airships stage in World 8 of Super Mario Bros .
3 is one of the toughest levels in the legendary NES game .
While tension - filled , iconic music plays in the background , Mario is tasked with jumping from small airship to small airship , all the while dodging various enemies and huge bursts of fire from the airships ’ engines .
What makes it so difficult ? :
Eff the Rocky Wrenches and the small wrenches they throw at Mario .
EFF THEM ALL !
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment :
In the middle of a perfectly timed , giant leap from one airship to another , one of Rocky Wrenches ’ wrenches that has been following Mario and the auto - scrolling screen for most of the level happens to be right in the way of your jump , knocking you into the bottomless pit below .
Again , EFF THEM ALL !
In Super Mario World , after finding all the exits and defeating the already tough Star World , Mario unlocks a Special World that contains eight of the most brutal levels in the entire Mario series .
One of the most difficult is Tubular ( in a fun twist , all the “ Special ” levels are named after completely 80 ’s exclamations ) .
In Tubular , Mario must utilize his “ P - Balloon ” power - up -- a power - up that turns Mario into an actual balloon -- and navigate a horizontal level full of a ridiculous amount of obstacles and enemies .
Unfortunately , after only one hit , Mario loses his power - up , plummets into the pit below , and instantly dies .
What makes it so difficult ? :
Tubular is not that long of a level , and there really are n’t that many enemies .
The enemies that are on - screen , however , all shoot projectiles that follow very odd paths ( I am looking at you , football - wielding Chargin ’ Chuck ! )
Trying to dodge everything and still hurry your way through the level before the “ P - Balloon ” power - up runs out is ... let ’s just say I let out my fair share of early 80’s “ exclamations ” when playing through it .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Mario is hit , loses his power - up , but luckily ends up landing safely on small question mark block .
Problem is , no more “ P - Balloon ” power - ups are even close , leaving Mario stuck on that question block until he chooses to commit suicide and restart the level .
Dag !
Upon its release , Super Mario Sunshine for the GameCube was met with a mixed response from critics and audiences alike .
One thing that everyone seemed to agree on , though , was how awesome the game ’s retro-feeling bonus levels were .
These secret levels throw Mario into old - school , platform - heavy stages that offer a ton of challenge and feel completely different than the normal Sunshine gameplay .
Pachinko Peril is exactly what you would think it would be .
Mario -- using his F.L.U.D.D. water - shooting pack -- must figure out how to make his way through a giant , vertical stage that resembles a huge pachinko machine .
What makes it so difficult ? :
After shooting himself in the air , Mario must somehow collect eight red coins ( yup , it ’s one of those levels ) by landing on narrow , hard - to - reach openings at different places on the massive pachinko machine using nothing but the F.L.U.D.D. pack and the luck of where he happens to fall .
It is even harder and more annoying than it sounds .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment :
Oh , did I mention that if Mario misses any of the platforms on his way down the machine he falls through a pit on the bottom and instantly dies ?
Oh , I did n’t ?
WELL HE DOES AND IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME !
This “ extra ” level -- unlocked after completing 100 % in the world -- sounds easy enough .
Guide Baby Mario and Yoshi through a sewer containing small passageways and not a ton of enemies .
Simple , right ?
No .
No , it is not simple .
At all .
In fact , The Impossible ?
Maze is anything but simple .
In the level , Baby Mario and Yoshi have to navigate a convoluted maze , making sure to jump up correct passages and push a specific crate to a very specific area .
It all gets very complicated and requires a ton of backtracking and trial and error to discover the right path .
What makes it so difficult ? :
The intricate , confusing design .
The level design is not so confusing as to feel sloppy , but it is just confusing enough to drive you absolutely insane .
The level is long , winding , and altogether maddening .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Pushing that damn crate the wrong way and having to start over again .
ARGH !
This level is ridiculous .
Another of Super Mario World ’s “ Special ” levels , in Outrageous , Mario must make his way through a forest - themed level filled with tall pipes , tons of Bullet Bills , and a bunch of those irritating Wigglers .
On top of all this ...
What makes it so difficult ? : ... Mario is required to carry a springboard through almost the entire stage in order to jump high enough to clear a towering pipe near the end of the level .
And as fans of the game know , carrying things while trying to dodge enemies in Super Mario World is very , very tricky .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment :
Yes , only one more jump until you can put down that annoying springboard !
Aaaaaand , you just accidentally let go of the “ Y ” button and dropped it in the pit .
Great .
Okay , to be fair , this list could have included every level from Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels and still be completely accurate .
Lost Levels is easily the hardest game in the Mario universe .
The game is brutal , to say the least .
But the level that elicits the most angry controller throwing has to be World C - 3 , one of the bonus * levels that can be accessed once you finish the main stages of the game .
* I hesitate using the term “ bonus , ” as that word usually implies something that makes you happy .
World C - 3 will never make you happy .
What makes it so difficult ? :
This level is comprised of nothing but giant pits and springboards .
That is already a lethal combination , but imagine trying to manage all of this while dealing with strong bursts of wind that come and go with seemingly no pattern that will either send Mario too far on a jump or immediately force him into a bottomless pit .
Fun !
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Pretty much the entire level .
This is it .
The hardest Mario level ever created .
Hell , it may be one of the most difficult levels in any videogame ever !
A little set - up : After beating Super Mario Galaxy for the first time , a series of purple prankster comets appears , forcing players to complete older levels by collecting a large amount of purple coins .
One of these purple prankster comets shows up on the 8 - bit Luigi Planet level , which basically is a giant 8 - bit model of Luigi from the original Super Mario Bros .
that players have to jump across to collect purple coins .
The tricky part is that once the player touches one of Luigi ’s “ sprites ” , it disappears , forcing the player to make it through the entire level only touching each section of platform once .
Completing this the first time through with Mario is already extremely difficult .
But after collecting all the Power Stars , Super Mario Galaxy throws out a twist and allows the player to replay the entire game as Luigi .
The thing is , Luigi controls a lot different than Mario .
He jumps much higher , but has much less traction , slipping and sliding like he is on ice at all times .
Trying to collect the purple coins on the 8 - bit Luigi Planet with Luigi is impossible .
Seriously , it is the hardest thing I have ever attempted to do in a videogame .
What makes it so difficult ? :
Um , everything .
@# !#$ this @# ! #$ moment : Nothing ( NOTHING ! ) has ever made me scream more than being only a few purple coins away from completing this level and then falling into a pit of my own creation and having to start all over again .
To this day , I have still not yet completed this level with Luigi .
It is my arch - nemesis .
So , what do you think ?
Do you agree that these are some of the most difficult levels in the Mario series ?
What other Mario levels drive you absolutely insane ( in a good way ) ?
Nintendo has promised Super Mario Galaxy 2 will be even more challenging than the first game .
Do you think any of its levels have a chance of topping something on this list ?
Sound off in the comments !
NI and Republic flights resume after new ash threat
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Flights in and out of Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic have resumed after being grounded for several hours owing to a fresh volcanic ash threat .
Services were cancelled from 0700 BST but restarted at 1300 BST after it was confirmed the ash had dispersed .
Airspace shut over Scotland 's Hebrides at 1800 BST on Monday also reopened shortly after 1300 BST .
Ash is drifting from the same Icelandic volcano that caused flights to be halted for six days in April .
The closure of airspace over the Outer Hebrides affected Tiree , Barra and Benbecula airports plus Campbeltown in Argyll .
Passengers planning to travel to and from the affected airports have been advised to check that their flight is still running .
Our decision to close earlier today was based solely on the safety risks to crews and passengers
Irish Aviation Authority statement
How chaos unfolded : in graphics Flights resume to Scots islands Irish flights resume after threat lifts EU ministers agree air travel action
In the rest of the UK , schedules are operating as normal .
Flights over Europe were banned last month because of fears of the effect of volcanic ash on plane engines .
The decision to lift the restrictions followed safety tests that showed the engines could cope in areas of low - density ash .
The fresh disruption on Tuesday came as European Union transport ministers met in Brussels to agree measures they say will help prevent further disruption to air travel as a result of volcanic ash .
The steps include speeding up current plans to integrate Europe 's airspace , creating a " single European regulator for a single European sky " .
The meeting follows criticism from the airline industry that governments took an over - cautious approach to the ash cloud crisis last month , grounding flights unnecessarily .
On Tuesday , the IAA ( Irish Aviation Authority ) said it had cleared Irish airports to open for full operations from 1300 BST and Dublin , Shannon , Cork , Knock , Donegal , Waterford and Kerry could resume normal operations .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Flights from the UK and continental Europe flying across the airspace have not been affected .
In the UK , the Civil Aviation Authority closed Northern Ireland airspace from 0700 BST until 1300 BST with Belfast International , Belfast City and City of Derry airports all affected .
The CAA said the affected Scottish airports were expected to re-open in the afternoon .
In a statement , the CAA warned that the situation remained " very dynamic " .
It added : " Passengers expecting to travel from the impacted airports should contact their airlines to confirm their flight is operating . "
The ban disrupted the plans of Conservative leader David Cameron , travelling for his first election campaign visit to Northern Ireland .
Liam Dutton of the BBC Weather Centre said the concentration of ash was expected to become thinner by the middle part of the day .
The Natural Environment Research Council was due to send a plane , which is used jointly with the Met Office , to look at the ash cloud from about 1100 BST .
It is expected to be in the air for about four to five hours .
In a statement , the IAA said winds from the north could cause further problems later in the week .
" Our decision to close earlier today was based solely on the safety risks to crews and passengers as a result of the drift south of the volcanic ash cloud caused by the north - easterly winds , " it added .
Irish Ferries said it had space on services between Ireland and the UK as well as Ireland and France .
Hundreds of flights have been affected : All Aer Lingus flights to and from Dublin , Cork Shannon and Belfast airports to the UK and Europe scheduled before 1300 BST were cancelled .
All Ryanair flights into and out of Belfast , Derry City and the Republic of Ireland until 1400 BST were cancelled .
As a result , the airline will put on extra flights later on Tuesday and Wednesday
Aer Arann services to and from Derry and Donegal airports were cancelled on Monday night
EasyJet cancelled about 20 flights on services to and from Belfast City and Belfast International airports
BAA , which operates six UK airports including Heathrow , Stansted and Glasgow , advised passengers heading for Ireland to contact their airlines for advice
Edinburgh and Glasgow had a Continental Airlines departure and arrival service between each airport and Newark , New Jersey , cancelled
Loganair said its flights to and from Islay and Campbeltown were cancelled on Tuesday and services to Benbecula , Tiree and Stornoway were delayed until further notice
Flybe said it would be operating all its remaining flights on Tuesday as scheduled , following the lifting of the flight ban
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the legal segment Tuesday evening on Fox New 's O'Reilly Factor , host Bill O'Reilly questions legal analysts Lis Wiehl and Kimberly Guilfoyle on the American Eagle decision to reverse its anti-trans policy .
In the short segment O'Reilly voiced his outrage over the fact that American Eagle caved and now allows " men to dress like women " and " women to dress like men " and to add insult to injury says that " men can now dress like Dolly Parton and be protected . "
Ms. Wiehl the voice of reason spoke about how gender identity is a protected class in New York state and that the clothing retailer made the right choice .
O'Reilly decided to go even further and raise the ridiculous question over whether " people should be allowed to dress like ewoks ? " .
Wiehl attempted to respond to the insane assertion explaining how gender identity is different , but was cut off by the bullying and overpowering Mr. O'Reilly .
Complaints can be sent to oreilly@foxnews.com .
One of Andrew 's readers links to this TIME piece , and I think it 's important in terms of getting the terms of debate right :
Pure libertarians , he says , believe the market should dictate policy on nearly everything from the environment to health care .
Paul has lately said he would not leave abortion to the states , he does n't believe in legalizing drugs like marijuana and cocaine , he 'd support federal drug laws , he'd vote to support Kentucky 's coal interests and he'd be tough on national security .
" They thought all along that they could call me a libertarian and hang that label around my neck like an albatross , but I 'm not a libertarian , " Paul says between Lasik surgeries at his medical office , where his campaign is headquartered , with a few desks crammed between treatment rooms .
I think it 's important to distinguish libertarianism from basic right - wing populism , even if they , at times , overlap .
I think when you consider Paul 's inability to defend his position on the Civil Rights Act , along with his own words here , you conclude that his opposition comes more out right - wing populism than any serious understanding of political theory and American history .
I do n't much care if Ron Paul , or anyone affiliated with the Tea Parties , is racist , or not .
I would not be so bold as to weight the hearts of men .
But I reject populism , left or right , because I think it quickly indulges the prejudices of the mob .
I do n't believe in the nobility of the common man , any more than I believe in the innate wisdom of aristocrats .
I do n't think suffering , or lack thereof , is necessarily ennobling .
That said , right wing populism , in particular , has almost never been a force for good when it comes to healing our ancient birth defect .
To the extent that Tea Parties are a right - wing populist movement , I see no reason to expect that to change .
Now that the Greek debt crisis has been " fixed " by a gigantic pile of more debt , many are wondering which European nation will be next to experience a massive debt crisis .
Increasingly , all eyes are turning to the U.K. and their public debt that is spiraling out of control .
The U.K. government 's deficit is projected to be approximately 13 percent of GDP in 2010 , which is even worse than Greece 's 12.5 percent figure .
Right now the public debt of the U.K. is " only " at 68 percent of GDP , but three years ago it was sitting at about 40 percent , so as you can see the national debt of the U.K. is absolutely exploding in size .
In fact , it is now being projected that the public debt of the U.K. will exceed 100 percent of GDP within the next three years .
Considering the fact that citizens of the U.K. are some of the most highly taxed people in the world already , there just is not much room for raising more revenue .
So obviously there is a problem .
A massive , unchecked , out of control problem that threatens to blow out the entire U.K. economy .
And considering the fact that it took just about everything that Europe could muster to bail out poor little Greece , how in the world is Europe going to be able to bail out the U.K. when their debt crisis violently erupts ?
If Greece almost brought down the euro and the financial system of Europe , then what would a financial implosion in the U.K. do ?
Considering the fact that the Greek economy is approximately 16 % the size of the U.K. economy , it is very sobering to think what a " Greek style " debt crisis in the U.K. would mean for the entire world .
But if something is not done rapidly it will happen .
Just consider the following charts ....
Now how in the world do you go from a deficit that is between 2 and 3 percent of GDP in 2007 to one that is above 11 percent in 2009 ?
That takes some serious financial mismanagement .
Not only that , but as we mentioned earlier , this year the deficit is projected to be approximately 13 percent of GDP .
That is a level that is catastrophic .
Kornelius Purps , the fixed income director of Europe 's second largest bank is very open about the fact that he believes that the U.K. is likely the next European nation that will face a very serious debt crisis ....
" Britain 's AAA - rating is highly at risk .
The budget deficit is huge at 13 % of GDP and investors are not happy .
The outgoing government is inactive due to the election .
There will have to be absolute cuts in public salaries or pay , but nobody is talking about that . "
In fact , Morgan Stanley has already warned that there is a very strong probability that some of the rating agencies may remove the U.K. 's AAA status before 2010 is over .
If that happened , it would make the crisis that we just saw in Greece look like a Sunday picnic .
So what must be done ?
Well , already world financial authorities are calling for " austerity measures " and deep budget cuts to be implemented in the U.K. , but the reality is that those moves will cause deep economic pain .
In fact , Bank of England governor Mervyn King recently warned that public anger over the " austerity measures " that soon must be implemented in the U.K. will be so painful that whichever party is seen as responsible will be out of power for a generation .
The cold , hard reality is that the U.K. is in for economic pain in any event .
Either they cut the budget and implement severe " austerity measures " which will hit people really hard economically , or they continue on the current course and risk a much worse version of what just happened in Greece .
Not that the rest of the world should be gloating about what is going on in the U.K. either .
The financial situation in Japan is even worse than what the U.K. is dealing with , and the United States is going to have the biggest economic downfall of them all one of these days .
As we wrote about yesterday , the sad truth is that the governments of the world are rapidly running out of money and are drowning in debt .
It is a gigantic mess , and the term " sovereign debt crisis " is going to pop up in the news very regularly from now on .
You see , it is not just the financial systems of the U.S. and the U.K. that are broken .
The entire world financial system is fundamentally flawed and is doomed to failure .
Right now the central banks of the world can do their best to try to hold things together with a tsunami of debt and paper money , but they are not going to be able to keep up this balancing act forever .
When it does all start coming apart and the dominoes do start falling , it is going to be a complete and total nightmare .
Paper currencies around the globe will lose value at breathtaking speeds as central banks flood economies with cash in an attempt to stop the madness .
But more debt and more paper never solves anything .
All it does is make the long - term problems even worse .
When the tipping point comes , things are going to move fast .
Let 's just hope that we all have a good bit more time to prepare before that happens .
This guest post previously appeared at the author 's blog .
The futures market is betting on a housing bottom for Los Angeles and San Diego out to May of 2012 .
This prediction seems to coincide with many of the toxic mortgage reset / recast charts that we have now etched to memory .
These futures contracts reflect real money at play .
People that invest and understand these more “ sophisticated ” investment products are betting on still significant price declines for the Los Angeles and San Diego Case Shiller measures .
Interestingly enough , for San Francisco the futures market is predicting increase in prices although this is by the far the most over priced market in the state .
Two out of three winning bets in Vegas makes you rich .
First , let us examine the Los Angeles chart :
I went ahead and compiled a chart that includes the latest CS data and plotted out the current futures contracts that extend out to 2014 .
Not much is trading beyond 2012 however .
For the LA area , the markets are predicting an additional 12.8 percent price drop for the entire region .
Keep in mind that for the Case Shiller data on Los Angeles we are also including Orange County .
For example , according to Case Shiller this is what is reflected :
MSA :
Los Angeles - Long Beach - Santa Ana , CA Metropolitan Statistical Area
Counties represented : Los Angeles CA , Orange CA
The San Diego MSA simply looks at San Diego County .
So how much does this drop represent in prices ?
Let us compile that :
Are you interested in losing $ 42,000 or $ 55,000 in two years because you decide to purchase today ?
Keep in mind these are actual money bets predicting additional price declines from where we stand today .
I would venture to say that in some areas like Culver City and Pasadena price declines will be much steeper .
The futures markets do not see any price increase for the next few years .
So the rush to purchase a home today does n’t seem to be grounded on any facts or market trends .
It seems that San Diego will face the biggest price drop :
The markets are betting on a same trough date as Los Angeles but the actual price decline is much more significant .
The market is predicting a 26.8 % decline from the current point .
What does this translate to in dollars ?
Are you open to losing $ 88,000 in equity for buying today because of a state tax credit that does n’t really even do much for your tax situation ?
Are you willing to lose $ 88,000 just for a low mortgage rate ?
Keep in mind that if you decide to sell in the future with higher interest rates , what makes you think other families will be able to afford the home with a now higher rate ?
Unless the state of California starts shooting out high paying jobs in mass , the market will be slow going for years to come .
The state budget and all problems associated with that will keep a lid on the housing market for years to come .
It is interesting however that the futures are predicting price increases for San Francisco although this is probably the most overpriced real estate in the nation :
It does n’t look like we ’ll be heading back to the peak but prices seem to be going up at least if you believe the current bets .
I tend to believe that the MSA trend with Los Angeles and San Diego will also play out up north .
Local area incomes still do not justify current prices .
Low interest rate or not , prices will start trending lower .
If we look at data closely it is clear that the recent tax credit that expired did pull demand forward at least in Los Angeles :
Source : L.A. Times
But what now ?
Now that the federal tax credit is over and the state tax credit will finish up in a few months , what will be the next step ?
The futures markets tend to believe we are heading down this road :
Seems that we are tracking the above even after trillions of dollars in bailouts to the Wall Street bankers .
Now what really did we accomplish with all that money flowing to the banks ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Specific anosmia , or why I can’t smell farts
What if you could n’t smell your own farts ?
Would you consider it a disability , or a blessing in disguise ?
I was about ten years old when I noticed I could n’t smell certain things .
I remember walking through the woods at summer camp when other people began making faces .
“ Eww , ” they said , “ it smells like skunk ! ”
But I could barely smell anything .
It ’s not that my sense of smell is completely absent .
Rather , there are certain odors that I ’m not sensitive to .
Mostly bad scents , fortunately .
For example , I often ca n’t smell farts .
Again , it ’s debatable whether or not this is a blessing in disguise , but I will say it ’s a little unnerving to flatulate ( is that a word ? ) and have no idea whether or not the people around me can smell it .
I used to just write this off as an interesting quirk , but over Christmas break I had the following conversation with my sister and her fiance :
Fiance : Watch out , I ’m a little gassy today .
Me : Do n’t worry about it , I ca n’t smell it anyway .
Sister : Wait , you do n’t smell things either ?
Me : What , you too ?
Fiance : Yeah , it ’s great , she can use the bathroom right after me and it ’s no problem .
Apparently fart - insensitivity is genetic .
And so , having recently discovered one wacky congenital disability in myself ( see my post I ’m learning to live with faceblindness ) I embarked on further research .
According to Wikipedia , anosmia is “ the lack of olfaction , or an absence of the ability to smell ” .
I do n’t have that – I can smell most things – but there is also specific anosmia , an insensitivity to a certain odor .
And specific anosmia ( aka selective anosmia , I think ) may be genetically based .
Winner !
Interestingly , it is just about impossible to describe the concept of an odor to someone who has never had a sense of smell .
But there are support and advice forums available , where sad but hilarious stories are traded of anosmic life in a world of smellers .
One unfortunate guy recalls trying to cover up the smell of an “ accident ” with a heavy application of cologne , not realizing that deodorant does n’t actually cancel out odors .
More information on anosmia can be found at the Anosmia Foundation , including links to purchase smell tests .
My handicap is far less serious , though apparently still an active area of research .
I found one Nature article particularly interesting .
The abstract for Odour - Blindness to Musk : Simple Recessive Inheritance states :
The rare anosmia to the n-butyl mercaptan of skunk , and more commonly the scent of freesia flowers , may be inherited as autosomal recessive traits .
So that ’s it !
Mystery solved !
I ’ve got a rare , genetic , specific anosmia to n-butyl mercaptan , or possibly some other mercaptan .
Mercaptans , also known as thiols , are the volatile sulfurous compounds that give skunk its stink .
And guess where else mercaptans can be found ?
Dr. Ed Poliness has this to say on the subject : “ Mercaptans are found in your smelliest farts ” .
Thank you for your frankness , Dr. Poliness .
For further information on farts , readers may also contact Dr. Michael Levitt , the world ’s leading authority on flatulence , according to this article .
The article does n’t mention mercaptans , but it ’s an entertaining read anyway .
There are less obvious effects , as well .
Anyone who has traveled in Asia is familiar with the durian , a gourmet fruit widely regarded as delicious , but with a scent so foul it is banned from the premises of many airports and luxury hotels .
The mercaptans in durian likely explain why I am the only person my mom has ever heard of who likes the smell of durian but not the taste .
TORONTO , Canada —
The story of abortion in Canada is a hard - fought and violent affair .
Its protagonist was Dr. Henry Morgentaler , who is now 87 years old .
In 1969 , he opened an abortion clinic in Montreal , defying a law that restricted abortions to when the health or life of a woman was endangered .
The move landed Morgentaler in jail and triggered years of legal battles that culminated in a 1988 decision by the Supreme Court of Canada .
“ Forcing a woman , by threat of criminal sanction , to carry a fetus to term unless she meets certain criteria unrelated to her own priorities and aspirations , is a profound interference with a woman 's body and thus a violation of her security of the person , ” wrote the court ’s Chief Justice , Brian Dickson .
With that , the law restricting abortion was struck down .
But the battle continued .
Morgentaler ’s Toronto clinic was firebombed in 1992 .
Two years later , three doctors performing abortions in different parts of the country were shot and wounded .
Still , subsequent attempts by federal governments to pass laws restricting abortions ended in failure .
Today , abortions in Canada are paid for by government insurance when performed in hospitals .
New Brunswick is the only province that wo n’t pay for them when they are performed in a private clinic .
In 2008 , Morgentaler received the Order of Canada , the highest honor given by the Governor General , who represents the Queen as Canada ’s head of state .
Opponents of abortion were , predictably , outraged .
The only sign of consensus is among political parties , who have more or less agreed to let sleeping dogs lie for the past 15 years .
Even Conservative Party Leader Stephen Harper , when he first ran for the prime minister ’s job in 2004 , promised not to introduce abortion legislation , despite core supporters who would have loved to see him do so .
Since becoming prime minister in 2006 , Harper has carefully avoided fuelling suspicions , particularly among urban voters , that only the minority status of his government prevents him from being a George W. Bush of the north and implementing an evangelically inspired neo -con agenda .
His government has had its moments , including a science minister who slashed research funding while refusing to say whether he believes in evolution , and the appointment of an evangelist as a top advisor to Harper .
But it has n’t tried to repeal the law permitting same - sex marriages .
And a Harper - supported attempt to give legal rights to a fetus — which was seen by some as a step towards restricting abortions — failed .
Yet the studiously cautious Harper now finds himself embroiled in an escalating debate on abortion .
It began when he recently announced he would make improving the health of mothers in poor countries the centerpiece of the G8 summit , to be held in Toronto in June .
Part of the reason for the surprise announcement , analysts suggested , was to soften the image of Harper ’s party and make inroads with women voters in Canada .
Almost immediately , it began to backfire .
First , Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon attracted the criticism of aid groups by stating that the programs Canada would fund in developing countries would exclude birth control .
Days later , with criticism mounting , Harper reversed course , saying contraception could be part of the initiative .
But he triggered an even livelier debate by suggesting that abortion would not be part of the package .
“ Canadians want to see their foreign aid money used for things that will help save the lives of women and children in ways that unite the Canadian people rather than divide them , ” Harper told the House of Commons .
By the time he made that statement , his government had already been publicly rebuked by the United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
She did so during a G8 meeting of foreign ministers near Ottawa , with an embarrassed Cannon sitting by her side .
“ You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health , ” Clinton told a news conference .
“ And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal , safe abortion . ”
The comments reflect Clinton ’s strongly held views on the matter , and the Obama administration ’s rescinding of the Bush policy that steered foreign aid away from programs that included abortion .
Harper has since been insisting he does n’t want to reopen the debate on abortion in Canada .
But many have noted the contradiction between a foreign policy that rejects abortion for women in developing countries and Canadian laws that give women here access to abortions paid by government insurance .
The Liberal Party , the main opposition to Harper ’s Conservatives , has tried to make the most of the issue .
Led by their struggling leader , Michael Ignatieff , it tried to pass a motion in parliament demanding that the government “ refrain from advancing the failed right - wing ideologies previously imposed by the George W. Bush administration in the United States . ”
But in a major embarrassment for Ignatieff , the motion was defeated when several of his own anti-abortion MPs stayed away from the vote .
Still , much was made last week of leading Canadian pollster , Frank Graves , advising the Liberals to launch a “ culture war ” against the Conservatives .
He described it as a battle of “ cosmopolitanism versus parochialism , secularism versus moralism , Obama versus ( Sarah ) Palin , tolerance versus racism and homophobia , democracy versus autocracy . ”
When the election comes —
Harper ’s refusal to release documents about Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan is the latest to threaten his government ’s survival — it promises to be livelier than usual .
The deputy prime minister , Nick Clegg , is pressing ahead with his mission to roll back what he terms the " obsessive lawmaking " of the New Labour years .
In today 's speech to students at London 's City and Islington College he said he wanted people to get involved in " our very own Great Reform Act " :
" As we tear through the statute book , we 'll do something no government ever has : we will ask you which laws you think should go . "
Clegg spoke of the thousands of criminal offences created since 1997 .
But perhaps you would like to go back further .
Some old laws now seem to exist mainly to amuse those combing through the statute book for curiosities such as the ban on the use of " any slide upon ice or snow in any street or other thoroughfare " .
But you may consider other long - standing pieces of legislation to have more serious and pernicious effects .
Which laws would be top of your target list for repeal ?
AGUASCALIENTES | Martes 04 de mayo de 2010
Luigi Rivera | El Universal
08:34
A las tres de la madrugada de este martes , en sesi�n ordinaria , el Consejo Electoral de Aguascalientes ( IEE ) le neg� el registro a Mart�n Orozco Sandoval , como candidato del PAN al gobierno del estado .
El argumento de los consejeros se basa en la existencia de una orden por parte del juez sexto de lo penal , para suspenderle sus derechos pol�tico - electorales , por supuestos actos de corrupci�n y tr�fico de influencias , que se dieron durante su administraci�n como alcalde de la capital ( 2005 - 2007 ) .
En todo momento , la consejera presidenta del IEE , Georgina Barkigia , defendi� la legalidad de la decisi�n y la autonom �a del instituto .
" La autoridad electoral , para poder salir adelante y ser una autoridad reconocida , debe tener verdaderamente autonom�a en sus decisiones , el d�a de hoy actuamos con total autonom�a y apegados a la legalidad " .
-�El PAN tiene oportunidad de registrar otro candidato al gobierno del estado ?
" No , no tendr�a oportunidad , el termino legal ya venci� , porque aunque la ley contempla la posibilidad de sustituci�n , para que se d� , debe existir un candidato registrado " concluy� .
Entrevistado al respecto , Mart�n Orozco Sandoval dio a conocer que ya tiene listo su recurso ante el Tribunal Electoral del Poder Judicial de la Federaci�n , pues definitivamente no lo van a dejar fuera de la contienda e incluso lament � que sea la propia autoridad , aunque no especific� cual , " la que recurra a este tipo de estrategias cochinas " .
En diversas ocasiones , Orozco Sandoval ha acusado al gobierno del estado , encabezado por su correligionario , Luis Armando Reynoso Femat , de querer acabar con su candidatura .
degc
Here we show that a first person perspective of a life - sized virtual human female body that appears to substitute the male subjects ' own bodies was sufficient to generate a body transfer illusion .
This was demonstrated subjectively by questionnaire and physiologically through heart - rate deceleration in response to a threat to the virtual body .
This finding is in contrast to earlier experimental studies that assume visuotactile synchrony to be the critical contributory factor in ownership illusions .
Our finding was possible because IVR allowed us to use a novel experimental design for this type of problem with three independent binary factors : ( i ) perspective position ( first or third ) , ( ii ) synchronous or asynchronous mirror reflections and ( iii ) synchrony or asynchrony between felt and seen touch .
Altering the normal association between touch and its visual correlate can result in the illusory perception of a fake limb as part of our own body .
Thus , when touch is seen to be applied to a rubber hand while felt synchronously on the corresponding hidden real hand , an illusion of ownership of the rubber hand usually occurs .
The illusion has also been demonstrated using visuomotor correlation between the movements of the hidden real hand and the seen fake hand .
This type of paradigm has been used with respect to the whole body generating out - of - the - body and body substitution illusions .
However , such studies have only ever manipulated a single factor and although they used a form of virtual reality have not exploited the power of immersive virtual reality ( IVR ) to produce radical transformations in body ownership .
The experiment reported here is the first that shows that ownership can be transferred to an entirely virtual body , using an experimental design that separates perspective position from visuotactile stimulation .
We found that when perspective position is included as a factor in the experimental design the importance of visual - tactile synchronization diminishes in comparison to what would be expected from the literature .
The examples of out - of - the - body experiences provide indirect evidence that these illusions might apply to the whole body rather than only to body parts .
There is also evidence that ownership can be attributed to a manikin that appears visually to substitute the person 's real body as seen through head - mounted displays coupled to a video camera oriented down at the manikin body [ 14 ] .
These out - of - the - body and the manikin experiments employed synchronous visuotactile stimulation – the illusory visual body was seen to be tapped or stroked in the same place as the real body was felt to be stimulated .
When there is asynchrony between felt and seen touches changes in ownership do not occur or are less prominent compared to the case of synchrony between both stimuli [ 13 ] .
Normally when something strikes our body we feel it at the same place that we see it .
When normal correlation between two sensory streams is changed , for example , by seeing a plausibly located rubber hand touched while simultaneously feeling the touch on our out - of - sight real hand , the brain apparently engages in a re-evaluation of probabilities and assigns ownership to the visible rubber limb [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] .
These methods have also been used to produce illusions of body morphing , adding supernumery limbs to the body [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , and out - of - the - body experiences [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] .
In conjunction with brain - imaging techniques these manipulations can provide insight into the brain areas involved in body representation , for example as in [ 10 ] .
While the vast majority of work in this field has shown that it is possible to incorporate physical objects or video images of these into the body representation , it has also recently been shown that the same methods work with entirely virtual objects [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] .
There is , furthermore , consistency between physiological responses ( HRD ) and the subjective questionnaire responses .
During the slap ( duringS ) and after the period of being in the elevated position ( down ) the HRD was significantly positively correlated with a feeling of the participant 's own body being attacked ( attack ) , the feeling that they might be hurt by the woman ( hurt ) and body ownership ( body ) .
However , there were no significant correlations between any of the questionnaire responses and HRD for the control periods ( beforeS and across ) .
The full set of correlations and significance levels is in Table 4 .
The figure shows the means and standard errors for HRD after four events : across : 0.5s after initially arriving at the other side of the room ; down : 0.5s after descending from above ; beforeS : 7s before the slap ; duringS : 2s into the slap sequence .
1 PP was significantly greater than 3 PP on down ( 0.028 ) and duringS ( 0.034 ) .
The ANOVA fits satisfied the requirement of normally distributed residual errors using the Jarque - Bera test [ 37 ] , except for 1 PP on down , where a variable transformation was found to obtain normality .
We measured heart rate deceleration ( HRD ) in response to the woman slapping the girl , a parameter that has been associated with reports of aversive stress in the context of picture viewing [ 16 ] .
We calculated the negative of the slope of heart rate change during the first 6s after the event in question .
The greater this value the greater the initial deceleration and the greater the degree of aversive stress ( p588 ) .
We consider HRD for two pairs of events ( Figure 4 ) .
After the down transition ( Table 2 ) the participants who perceived from the girl 's perspective ( 1PP ) showed a significantly greater HRD than the participants who perceived the scene from the displaced perspective ( 3PP ) .
The same analysis was carried out for a control period ( across ) and revealed no significant difference between these groups of participants .
Similarly , we found that during the slap ( duringS ) the 1PP participants had a significantly greater HRD than the 3PP participants , but for beforeS there was no significant difference .
Amongst the three factors considered in this experiment only Perspective had a significant influence on the HRD response .
( A–C ) show the means and standard errors of the questionnaire responses by each of P , M and T .
Using proportional - odds cumulative logit models the notable significance levels are for P ( body , p = 0.031 ; touch , 0.023 ; woman , 0.033 ; cloth , 0.003 ; hurt , 0.046 ) , and T ( body , p = 0.095 ; touch , 0.085 ; woman , 0.024 ) .
The model fits were good , with the highest deviance being 29.8 on 25 d.f. Panel ( D ) shows the estimated probabilities for the questionnaire responses for body , for four cases : for third person ( P3 , disembodiment ) and for asynchronous ( TS′ ) and with synchronous touch ( TS ) , and for first person ( P1 , embodiment ) again comparing TS ′ with TS .
In each case M = MS ( the graph is almost identical for M = MS′ ) .
There were no scores of 10 in these responses which accounts for the low estimated probability of ‘ Very High ’ .
Immediately after the experience in the virtual reality , a 13 - item questionnaire was answered by the participants ( Questionnaire S1 ) .
Eight of these questions related to the issue of body ownership ( Table 3 ) .
Perspective gives the clearest set of responses ( Figure 3A ) , where the mean ( and median ) score for 1 PP is always greater than or equal that for 3 PP on each of the questions .
Movement appears to have no particular effect , and synchronous touch has an effect on some of the variables .
From the fitted models estimates of the probabilities of the questionnaire scores for four combinations of the factors were obtained and are shown in Figure 3D .
These data show that the most important factors leading to the temporary subjective illusion of ownership of the virtual body are the participant 's perspective ( i.e. in the girl 's body , 1 PP ) and touch ( TS ) , concordant with a recent account of self - consciousness [ 15 ] .
Our data also show that apparent head - movement synchrony was least important for the body ownership illusion .
After almost 7 minutes of this period that included occasional shoulder stroking , the viewpoint of the participant was lifted upwards towards the ceiling , looking down on the scene below ( Figure 2G ) during which time the shoulder stroking continued but unaccompanied by physical sensations .
Suddenly the standing woman was seen to hit the seated girl around the face ( Figure 2H ) .
After this the viewpoint translated downwards again , there were some more ( felt ) shoulder strokes , and then the experimental trial was terminated .
The full sequence of events that occurred is shown in Table 2 .
What they experienced then depended on which of the combinations of three binary factors they had been assigned by the experimental design ( Table 1 ) .
Perspective was either first person ( 1PP , Figure 2A ) or third ( 3PP , Figure 2 F ) with respect to the seated girl .
Movement refers to whether the observed head movements of the virtual girl were synchronous with those of the subject ( MS , Figure 2D , 2F ) or asynchronous ( MS′ ) .
Touch refers to whether the subject felt synchronously ( TS ) or asynchronously ( TS′ ) touched on his shoulder when the standing woman stroked the shoulder of the seated girl ( Figure 2C , 2D , 2F ) .
(A) In the 1PP condition their body was substituted by that of the girl 's ( white shirt ) , and when looking down at themselves they would see her body .
( B ) Looking up they would now see that the woman ( brown sweater ) was standing by them .
( C ) The woman stroked their shoulder .
( D ) Looking left they would see the reflection of the girl and the woman in a mirror .
( E ) They were seeing the room and hearing the sounds from the TV from the perspective of the opposite side than in the first two minutes .
( F ) In the 3PP condition they would be located to the right of the girl , and so see her and her reflection in the mirror – in the case shown with her head moves synchronized with their own head moves .
( G ) Later the viewpoint shifted near to the ceiling and the woman continued to stroke the shoulder of the girl , but the participant did not feel this .
( H ) Suddenly the woman struck the girl three times around the face - the wide - field - of - view in this image corresponds more precisely to what the subject would have seen .
The scene that the participants entered was a room approximately the same size as the real room in which they were located .
( A ) There were two female characters at the other end of the room , a standing woman who could be seen stroking the shoulder of a seated girl , and a fireplace behind .
( B ) Looking down at himself a participant would see an empty chair .
( C )
To the participant 's left was a TV showing a real - time music video .
( D ) To the right were a mirror frame and a door opening to a field .
There were 24 male participants recruited for our study .
They were seated , and entered into the virtual reality through a wide field - of - view head - tracked , head - mounted display and stereo headphones .
The scene in which they were located is shown in Figure 1 .
They were asked to visually explore this scene for 2 minutes after which their viewpoint was transported to the other side of the room to where two female virtual characters were located , a seated young girl and a standing woman ( Figure 2 ) .
Discussion
Our study extends earlier results that used simpler video and virtual reality technology [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] , [ 14 ] .
These suggested that synchronous touch ( TS ) and 1 PP [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] to be crucial factors for the sense of ownership .
Importantly , these previous studies only manipulated a single one of the three factors ( Perspective , Movement , Touch ) .
Our results suggest that when all three factors are considered together that perspective , specifically first - person perspective , clearly dominates as an explanatory factor for subjective and physiological measures of ownership .
The latter provides a particularly powerful result , since participants were responding to witnessing the girl being slapped while they were in an elevated position even without any synchronous touch .
The 1PP participants , i.e. those who earlier had been in the first person perspective with respect to the girl 's body , had a significantly greater physiological response than those who had earlier been in a spatially close but distinct virtual perspective ( 3PP ) .
Moreover , stronger heart rate deceleration was positively correlated with the feeling of body ownership and the feeling of being attacked or hurt .
The minimal contribution of the specific type of agency that we investigated ( MS′ compared to MS ) seems to be in conflict with previous studies that suggested the importance of motor cues for the sense of self [ 19 ] , [ 20 ] .
We note that previous studies have focussed almost entirely on agency manipulations with respect to the upper extremity and have been carried out in isolation from perspective and touch manipulations ( see [ 21 ] for an exception ) , making problematic any direct comparison with our results .
However , considering our two questions that relate directly to body ownership , ( body and mirror from Table 3 ) participants in condition MS were more likely to give a higher score to mirror than to body compared to those in MS′ .
A plot of the scores is shown in Figure S1 .
There are only 2 out of 12 cases for those in condition MS where mirror < body , and only 1 out of 12 cases for those in condition MS ′ where mirror > body .
The correlation between these two sets of scores for those in condition MS ( r = 0.91 , p<3.5×10−5 ) is greater than for those in MS ′ ( r = 0.71 , p<0.01 ) .
Analysis of covariance of mirror on condition M with body as a covariate suggests that the regression line of mirror on body has greater slope in condition MS than in condition MS′ ( p = 0.06 ) .
The same analysis has stronger support for there being two positively sloped parallel lines with the one for MS having a greater intercept than for MS′ ( p = 0.0093 ) .
This suggests that the synchronised head movement did , after all , make some difference – resulting in those participants in condition MS giving higher scores to the question mirror than to the question body .
It could be argued that the amount of synchronous visuo - tactile stimulation was less than what is normally used to induce the rubber hand illusion .
Yet according to [ 22 ] the RHI can be generated in about 80 % of people with less than 15s of stimulation , provided that the rubber hand and real hand are close to one another ( 15 – 18 cm ) .
Moreover in our setup , unlike that of the RHI , the participant was not required to continually look at the actual point of contact between the virtual hand and shoulder .
For most of the time they looked up towards the virtual woman , and would see her arm move up and down in synchrony with feeling of the strokes , or see the same in the mirror reflection .
Finally , we note that continuous stroking may not be necessary to induce the illusion .
For example [ 23 ] showed that the RHI could be ‘ topped up ’ by occasional sequences of stroking with periods of no stroking in between .
See Methods for further details of the stroking sequences in our experiment .
Our experiment includes that of Lenggenhager et al . [ 7 ] as a special case .
The essence of their setup was to manipulate ownership by a 3 PP self - representation , that was touched asynchronously or synchronously , comparable to our 3PP and TS ′ compared with 3PP and TS .
Figure 3D shows that with respect to the questionnaire responses the estimated probability of the response being in the Very Low category was much greater in the asynchronous touch than in the synchronous touch condition .
Figure S2 gives the equivalent graph for the questions touch and woman , which have greater probability estimates for the Medium to High questionnaire response in the synchronous compared to the asynchronous condition .
There are no significant effects for T in the case of the HRD .
Our experiment also includes that of Petkova and Ehrsson [ 14 ] as a special case .
Their main setup was to also manipulate ownership by a 1 PP self - representation ( a manikin ) that was touched either asynchronously or synchronously – similar to our 1PP and TS ′ ( girl 's perspective and asynchronous stroking ) and 1PP and TS ( girl 's perspective but synchronous stroking ) , respectively .
Figure 3D shows that the responses to the question body supports the idea that synchronous stroking enhances ownership of the 1PP perceived virtual body .
The same is true for the other questionnaire responses ( Figure S2 ) .
However , HRD is not affected by T .
In [ 14 ] there was a significantly different skin conductance response when the manikin body was threatened in the synchronous compared to the asynchronous touch condition .
However , the HRD measure that we use does not measure the same type of response as skin conductance .
The latter measures arousal , the valence of which is unknown .
HRD in particular has been proposed to measure the degree of aversion to images [ 16 ] .
In fact in our study there was no significant difference with respect to skin conductance on seeing the slap between the 1PP and 3PP conditions or TS and TS ′ conditions - it is simply an arousing event to see someone slapped .
However , there was significantly greater aversion ( as quantified by HRD ) for those in the 1PP condition , we speculate because they had a greater degree of association with the body that was seen to be slapped .
Additionally there is a critical difference between our experiment and that of Petkova and Ehrsson [ 14 ] where cameras on the manikin's head were in a fixed position , looking down at the manikin's body , and therefore the experimental subjects had to have their head fixed in the same orientation .
In our setup the real - time head - tracking ensured that the act of looking down involved motor acts and corresponding perceptual changes comparable to physical reality .
This may be why in Petkova 's and Ehrsson 's setup synchronized touch was a critical factor to achieve changes in ownership but it was less important in our experiment .
This also ties in with a recent observation that the strong illusion of being in the place depicted by the virtual reality [ 24 ] occurs when sensorimotor contingencies for perception [ 25 ] , [ 26 ] are similar to those of physical reality , that is , when a participant can use their body for perception in much the same way as normally [ 27 ] .
Sensorimotor contingencies endow ‘ place - ness ’ to virtual space and the objects within it , and a unique and highly special object is one 's own body .
When the virtual body is perceived to be in the same place as where the real body should be , perhaps this provides very strong evidence for the brain to generate the illusion that the virtual body is one 's own .
This finding was unexpected in comparison with previous results that have emphasized the importance of visuotactile synchronization .
The experiment had the unusual goal of attempting to generate a body ownership illusion where the virtual body did not visually resemble the real body of the participants , and was not even the same gender .
The reasoning was that if it were the case that the illusion could be generated in these circumstances then it should also be possible in a range of other less extreme situations - without gender change , with less of a radical difference between the participant 's own body and the virtual body .
Gender categorization is known to be persistent .
For example , in [ 28 ] an experiment is reported that shows that racial categorizations can be eliminated in favor of categorization by membership of a cross-racial coalition .
When the same technique was applied to gender categorization the effect of gender could not be extinguished .
That experiment therefore provided an illustration that top - down cognitive manipulations could reduce the effect of race , but not of gender .
In contrast our experiment used mainly bottom - up sensory stimuli – visual , tactile , vestibular and proprioceptive signals and their correlations .
This would lead us to think that with respect to the issue of body ownership , bottom - up perceptual signals play a more dominant role than top - down processing .
Botvinick and Cohen [ 1 ] proposed that visuo - tactile integration was sufficient to generate the feeling that proprioception had shifted to the rubber arm , while Armel and Ramachandran [ 2 ] went further to postulate that such bottom - up sensory integration between vision and touch was sufficient to generate the illusion since it was shown to operate even with a neutral object such as a table .
However , this result was not reproduced by Tsakiris and Haggard [ 29 ] who found that the illusion did not occur when a wooden stick was used in place of a rubber arm , nor did it occur when there was postural incongruence ( the left hand stimulated with the rubber hand being a right hand ) .
This led them to conclude that bottom up influences provided a necessary but not sufficient condition for the illusion to occur .
The discussion about the relative influence of bottom - up and top - down factors has continued with the introduction of the ideas of offline and online representations [ 30 ] where the former refers to what our body is normally like , and the latter refers to the temporal flow of information that constructs how our body is right now [ 31 ] , [ 32 ] .
However , [ 30 ] refers to self recognition , which may not be the same as body ownership .
We would argue that ownership in the sense meant by the RHI illusion refers only to the feeling that the seen rubber or virtual hand or body appears to be the loci of proprioception and tactile sensation .
Knowing that it is an illusion , however , does not extinguish this feeling , which appears to be an automatic response of the brain in dealing with the conflicting sensory information .
The results of our experiment lend weight to the view that bottom up sensory integration ( or visual capture ) can alter the sense of one 's body by giving these powerful illusions of temporary transformation in the form ( female ) and size ( somewhat smaller ) of the body .
On the other hand the virtual body does have a humanoid appearance and we do not know whether the illusion would break down if there were changes in the topology of the body .
The work described in [ 29 ] , where it was shown that a non-humanoid appearance of the arm [ 29 ] and left - right reversal does not produce the illusion , suggests that there are clearly limits imposed by top down processing on the type of body and its configuration .
The same was found with respect to the body in [ 7 ] .
Through an IVR a person can see through the eyes and hear through the ears of a virtual body that can be seen to substitute for their own body , and our data show that people have some subjective and physiological responses as if it were their own body .
This virtual body may be seen perceived when looking directly at oneself from a first - person perspective ( or in a virtual mirror ) and the multisensory and sensorimotor contingencies involved in the active process of looking down and seeing a virtual body where one 's own body would be provides an important tool not just for presence and virtual reality research [ 24 ] , but also to understand – eventually in conjunction with neurophysiology and neuroimaging techniques - the neurobiology of self - consciousness .
“ The fact that G.M. can be profitable at this level of sales is very , very positive , ” said Charles Moore , senior managing director of Conway MacKenzie , a corporate turnaround consulting firm in Birmingham , Mich .
“ There ’s still uncertainty in the economy , which could cause a blip in sales , but based on all of the indicators at this point , one would expect that they should be able to be profitable for the full year . ”
G.M. last turned an annual profit in 2004 , when automakers sold almost 17 million vehicles in the United States .
This year , most analysts expect sales of fewer than 12 million .
“ We used to be breaking even in the middle of the cycle , ” Christopher P. Liddell , G.M. ’s chief financial officer , said .
“ Now we ’re breaking even at the bottom of the cycle . ”
Given how quickly G.M. went from bankruptcy to profits , Mr. Liddell said he was trying to keep expectations for the company from rising too high , lest it fall into its previous habit of promising more than it could deliver .
But he did not dissuade predictions that the automaker would continue to be profitable , saying he sees “ nothing that I ’m significantly concerned about ” standing in the way .
Now G.M. is focused on increasing its profits through higher sales , he said , rather than through additional deep cuts .
Everyone ’s heard of cyanide , whether they ’ve spent any time in a chemistry classroom or not .
And if you form a covalent bond to the carbon of that CN group , you ’ve got a nitrile , and those are familiar compounds to any organic chemist .
But what if you flip the group around and bond it via the nitrogen ?
That gives you a weird situation , where the nitrogen has a formal positive charge and the carbon is left with a formal negative one , which looks somehow unnatural .
But that ’s an isonitrile ( isocyanide ) for you .
They ’re actually quite useful , although I ’d guess that the majority of chemists have never encountered one .
But if they have , they ’ve remembered it , because isonitriles are not shy about announcing their alien character .
Our noses can immediately tell the difference between garden variety nitriles and their evil twins .
The former often have no smell at all , or run to a faint spicyness .
The latter smell like .
. . like . . . well , I ’ve never actually been downwind of the Abominable Snowman ’s armpit or been had my eyeglasses fogged up by a Komodo dragon with stomach trouble , but those are the examples that come to mind .
Fragrance expert Luca Turin has described isonitriles as “ the Godzilla of scent ” , and that ’s accurate , if you also try to imagine Godzilla ’s gym socks .
“ Penetrating ” and “ repulsive ” are good words to describe your typical isocyanide .
It feels like the odor is aggressively storming your nasal passages , and it really makes you want to be somewhere else very quickly .
This abstract gets the point across well .
Problem is , it can be one of those smells that stays with you ( “ I like it in here .
Stop bothering me . ” ) , so going somewhere else – although a recommended first step – is not always enough to do the trick .
As a paper on the synthesis of these fine compounds puts it :
It should also be noticed that due to the extremely distressing odour of isocyanides the application of the usual techniques of purification is especially difficult since the exposure to isocyanide vapours , even at very low levels , must be rigorously avoided .
Good advice !
But hard to put into practice if you use the things at all , since it does n’t take much .
Even the not - so - volatile isonitriles get up on the table and shout at you , but the low - molecular - weight ones are truly hard to take .
And the pride of that bunch seems to be the n-butyl , which should come as no surprise .
Straight - chain butyl compounds are well known to be just a poor match for human sensibilities .
Butyl alcohol is stinky , butylamine foul , butyraldehyde reeks , butyric acid is famously disgusting , and butyl mercaptan is a standout even in the vile crowd of thiols .
So butyl isocyanide is , well , something to experience .
I ’ve never had the pleasure , and will take pains not to .
I can do no better than to quote the 1937 observations of one of the first groups to figure out how to prepare this noble reagent in quantity :
Butyl isocyanide proved to be so disagreeable to manipulate that none of its physical constants except boiling point were determined .
Even when a hood with an extra forced draft was used , the odor pervaded the laboratory and adjoining rooms , deadening the sense of smell and producing in the operator , and in others , severe headaches and nausea which usually persisted for several days .
Sounds great .
Many of you may have had similar experiences at some point , but it usually takes more than just spilling a drop of stuff on the floor to bring them on .
Here ’s the whole thing , in a bottle !
Available wherever fine chemicals are sold , actually .
Do n’t just live an average , boring life : go wild – go isocyanide !
A new disease has struck North America with a surprising severity not yet seen in other parts of the world .
Anatidae Facies , otherwise known as Duckface , has left scientists alarmed .
One Health Care Offical said , “ We ’ve never seen anything like it .
The number of women infected is staggering .
Some do n’t even know they have it . ”
Duckface is characterized as a neurological disorder ; effecting the brain and muscle tissue around the mouth .
Lips usually end up pushed out somewhere into a half pout , half kiss resulting in a face that resembles a duck .
Other common symptoms can include ; over tanning , excessive makeup and in serious cases , frosty pink lipstick .
Scientists find it easiest to diagnose when a camera is around or when a self portrait of the afflicted is about to take place .
Jean Thomson of the CDC is the number one Duckface specialist in the world .
“ Ten years ago you rarely saw Duckface .
Now it ’s everywhere .
Our studies have found those that use Facebook and other social media sites have a higher rate of Duckface incidence .
This is a whole lot worse than syphilis . ”
It is still not apparent how Duckface is transmitted but seems to affect more women when they ’re in pairs or small groups .
Mostly contained to women it is spreading in a slow , but alarming rate to men .
Thomson and his team have been working around the clock for a cure but have seen little improvement in his test subjects , “ We think the test subjects are showing improvement but the second we turn a camera on them ….it ’s Duckface all over again . ”
Not all sufferers find it a problem .
One woman we interviewed with a particluarly serious case said , “ I do n’t mind it at all .
It makes my lips look nice and puffy and gives me great cheekbones – and people will think I always look like that ! ”
As we mentioned , Duckface is a brain disorder .
Images courtesy of Antiduckface
Wow it 's speedy .
I mean WOW O.OYou know , I was kinda close to dropping Linux for now , as I was just finding the normal desktop kinda chugged along a little on this old laptop , I just could n't get a solid performance out of it .
But LXDE is awesome , it 's so damn fast and yet looks great too !
I approve !
Hoppi
From the site of Canadian photographer , Holly Norris :
‘ American Able ’ intends to , through spoof , reveal the ways in which women with disabilities are invisibilized in advertising and mass media .
I chose American Apparel not just for their notable style , but also for their claims that many of their models are just ‘ every day ’ women who are employees , friends and fans of the company .
However , these women fit particular body types .
Their campaigns are highly sexualized and feature women who are generally thin , and who appear to be able - bodied .
Women with disabilities go unrepresented , not only in American Apparel advertising , but also in most of popular culture .
Rarely , if ever , are women with disabilities portrayed in anything other than an asexual manner , for ‘ disabled ’ bodies are largely perceived as ‘ undesirable . ’
In a society where sexuality is created and performed over and over within popular culture , the invisibility of women with disabilities in many ways denies them the right to sexuality , particularly within a public context .
Tags
In 1954 , after a lifetime of serious theoretical work in economic science , Mises turned his attention to one of the great puzzles of all time : discovering why the intellectuals hate capitalism .
The result is this socio- psycho- cultural analysis informed by economic theory .
Mises explores answers from a wide variety of angles , and discusses the nature of academic institutions , popular culture , and how vices like jealousy and envy affect theory .
All play a role in preventing people from seeing the self - evident benefits of economic freedom relative to controls .
His comments on the resentment of the intellectuals cut very deeply .
Mises shrewdly teases the anti-capitalist bias out of contemporary fiction and popular culture generally .
In the course of his narrative , he explains aspects of the market that have generally eluded even its defenders .
For example , is it true that markets dumb down the culture , exalting trashy novels and movies over higher - brow fare ?
Mises points out that the tastes of the masses will always and everywhere be lower than those educated and cultivated to love higher culture .
But , he says , the glory of capitalism is that it brings to every sector what it wants and needs , and more of it than any other system .
So , yes , there will be more trash , but also more great work as well .
It is a matter of availability : Under socialism , nothing is available .
Under capitalism , choice seems nearly infinite .
His is quite subtle in his analysis here and throughout .
It 's remarkable how his narrative applies in our time , even more than when it was written .
The style of this volume is more casual than you will find elsewhere .
In some sense , it is more thrilling for it .
The reader senses that Mises has unleashed a lifetime of frustration here , and shined a very bright light on some dark corners of opinion .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp is bringing baseball to America ’s living rooms on its PlayStation 3 video game console , ratcheting up the competition in the race to become the digital hub of the home .
Sony not only ups the ante in its rivalry with Microsoft ’s Xbox 360 console , but also positions itself as something of a challenger to cable companies and satellite television providers that have long been broadcasting sports to viewers in the United States .
“ This is one of the biggest deals we ’re bringing to the PS3 , and it wo n’t be the last one , there ’s lots of conversations going on , ” said Peter Dille , senior vice president of Sony Computer Entertainment America .
Sony , which has an installed base of 12 million PS3 consoles in the United States , will offer games in high - definition through Major League Baseball ’s MLB.TV , an Internet subscription service that is already available on computers and smartphones .
MLB charges $ 25 a month , or $ 120 a year , for a premium subscription .
Sony designed a custom interface for the offering , and users can scroll through live - streaming or archived games .
The PS3 provides the functionality of a digital video recorder , allowing viewers to pause , fast - forward and rewind , and to jump to a particular inning in any game on the schedule .
However , users will not be able to watch live games of teams in their local market , which are subject to local blackout rules .
PS3 users will need to be subscribers to the free PlayStation Network ( PSN ) to access MLB .
TV .
PSN has 20 million members in North America .
Sony and Microsoft have been duking it out to control entertainment in the living room beyond games , offering movies , shows and videos through their subscriber networks , PSN and Xbox Live .
Both offer streaming movies through Netflix , and have been hunting for deals that can help transform their gaming consoles into one - stop - shops for content .
“ We ’re excited about bringing MLB onto the console ... this is something you ca n’t find on any other console , ” Dille said .
In Europe , Microsoft has struck deals with Vivendi unit Canal Plus and British pay - TV broadcaster BSkyB to provide content through the console , including soccer matches .
Sony ’s PS3 has trailed Nintendo ’s Wii , the market leader , and the Xbox in the U.S. market , although the PS3 has generated momentum since a price cut to $ 299 last year .
MLB.TV is also available on the Roku set - top box and through media provider Boxee .
US scientist has genome screened for disease risk
By Helen Briggs
Health reporter , BBC News
This man knows his genetic destiny A US scientist has had all his DNA screened for genes which predict the diseases he may develop in later life .
Stephen Quake 's genetic profile was probed for genes linked to dozens of diseases , such as cancer and diabetes .
The healthy 40 - year - old was told he was at increased risk of heart attack , diabetes and some cancers .
Scientists say the study , published in the Lancet , ushers in a new era of personalised medicine , but raises ethical dilemmas .
Professor Quake received publicity last year when he used new technology to sequence his entire genetic code , or genome , for less than 50,000 US dollars ( £ 33,000 ) .
This was a relatively cheap figure compared with early genome sequencing efforts .
The professor of bioengineering volunteered to have his genetic map analysed for genetic " mistakes " and variations known to be associated with 55 conditions .
The experience with Steve Quake 's genome shows we need to start thinking - hard and soon - about how we can deal with that information
Henry Greely , Stanford Law School in California
They included a rare heart condition that appeared to run in the family .
Before taking the test , he was given counselling to prepare him for the possibility that a serious disease could be uncovered .
The results were mixed .
They showed he has a much lower than expected risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease in his lifetime .
But he also has a much higher risk of developing obesity , diabetes and coronary heart disease .
He also has rare genetic variations associated with sudden cardiac death .
Professor Quake , of Stanford University , California , said : " It 's certainly been interesting .
I was curious to see what would show up .
" But it 's important to recognise that not everyone will want to know the intimate details of their genome , and it 's entirely possible that this group will be the majority .
" There are many ethical , educational and policy questions that need to be addressed going forward . "
The falling cost of genome sequencing is bringing us closer to the day when it is accessible to all .
WHAT THE SCIENTISTS DID Entire genome sequenced and published in August 2009 Information on genetic variations ( SNPs ) that have effects on specific diseases catalogued in database Genetic data overlaid on Quake 's genome Computer calculates risk of a certain disease based on genome sequence and inherent risk from his age and gender Some scientists believe similar genetic assessments could be offered by doctors in about a decade .
Professor Henry Greely , from Stanford Law School , said doctors are about to be hit by a " tsunami " of genome sequence data .
He said : " The experience with Steve Quake 's genome shows we need to start thinking - hard and soon - about how we can deal with that information . "
More than 10 individuals have had their full genomes sequenced .
Some have been analysed for genetic variations that are associated with certain diseases .
And a number of companies offer genetic tests to assess the risk of a range of conditions without sequencing a person 's full genome .
But the Stanford team went further - honing in on Professor Quake 's family history of heart problems .
Dr Philippa Brice of the genetic think - tank Population Health Genomics told the BBC : " In the case of this specific example the research is not ground breaking .
" Its significance lies in the way it illustrates the potential future of genomic medicine whereby doctors will be able to use this as a useful clinical approach . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the stakes are high , we know the right steps to take to try and level the playing field against you .
We are committed to conducting a thorough investigation into the allegations against you and will fight for a dismissal based on any procedural errors or violations of your constitutional rights .
Learn more about the Criminal Defense Process .
A CHICAGO police superintendent called for a new classification of murders to prevent an embarrassing surge in crime statistics after six people were murdered in the city yesterday .
Supt Jody
Weis created a new category , " indoor homicides " , those that occur inside a home , and asked the Chicago Police Department to record " indoor " and " outdoor " homicides in separate categories , The Chicago Sun Times reported today .
Supt Weis defended this distinction , saying that police are less able to prevent crime that occurs inside a person 's home .
" Those homicides that are outdoors - the ones that I do believe we have a good possibility of preventing - we ’re around 98 homicides for Chicago outdoors , " he said .
" When it ’s inside a house , it ’s hard for police to have an impact on that .
I wish we could .
I just do n’t see where we can . ”
Neighbourhood leaders criticised Supt Weis ' move and claimed Chicago police were not taking responsibility for the safety of the community .
It ’s “ not helpful ” for Supt Weis to “ make those kinds of distinctions ” between indoor and outdoor homicides , said Reverend Marshall Hatch , chairman of the Leaders Network , who pastors a Chicago area church .
“ Whether the murders happen inside or outside , we expect the police to take responsibility for solving and preventing crime , ” Rev Hatch said .
Mikey Weinstein ’s Crusade
" Good morning Mikey , you f*** Jew .
Let me be the first to call you a f*** Jew today . "
Michael L. " Mikey " Weinstein shares his hate mail with both friends and strangers the way elderly people show off photos of their grandkids .
He has plenty of it to share .
For the past four years , the founder of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation ( MRFF ) has been doing battle with a Christian subculture that , he believes , is trying to Christianize the U.S. armed forces with the help of a complicit Pentagon brass .
He calls it the " fundamentalist Christian parachurch - military - corporate - proselytizing complex , " a mouthful by which he means holy warriors in contempt of the constitutional barrier between church and state .
" The scary thing about all this , " Weinstein says , " is it ’s going on not with the blind eye of the Pentagon but with its full and totally enthusiastic support .
And those who are not directly involved are passive about it .
As the Talmud says , ‘ silence is consent . ’ "
You may recall the headlines in January , when a company called Trijicon , the lead supplier of rifle scopes to the U.S. military , was found to have inscribed them with coded references to passages in the New Testament .
That was Weinstein — his organization threatened to sue Trijicon , which eventually agreed to discontinue the practice and distribute kits that would enable troops to retroactively secularize their scopes .
Weinstein grabbed headlines again last month by pressuring the Pentagon to withdraw an invitation to the Rev. Franklin Graham , known for his Islamophobic oratory , to speak at a National Day of Prayer Task Force service .
That provoked a stiff rebuke of Weinstein and his group from Shirley Dobson , wife of conservative Christian leader James Dobson and the task force chairwoman .
Built like a cinder block , with a bare cranium shaped like a howitzer round , Weinstein — a former Air Force judge advocate general — has the air of a born fighter .
This battle is personal for him : Nearly 30 years ago , as a Jewish cadet at the Air Force Academy in Colorado , he was twice beaten unconscious in anti-Semitic attacks .
( There would n’t have been much of a choice of targets — only 0.3 percent of the members of the U.S. military identify themselves as Jewish .
Ninety - four percent are Christian . )
Visiting his son , Curtis , on the eve of his own second year at the academy in the summer of 2004 , Weinstein was stunned to learn little had changed ; over lunch at McDonald ’s , Curtis told his father that he had been verbally abused eight or nine times by officers and fellow cadets on account of his religion .
Weinstein filed a complaint , in response to which the Air Force launched an investigation that revealed a top - down , invasive evangelicalism in the academy .
Among other things , it revealed that the commandant of cadets taught the entire incoming class a " J for Jesus " hand signal , that the football coach had draped a " Team Jesus " banner across the academy locker room , and that more than 250 faculty members and senior officers signed a campus newspaper advertisement that proclaimed : " We believe that Jesus Christ is the only real hope for the world . "
Weinstein has been a First Amendment vigilante ever since .
Although he is frequently attacked for waging a war on Christianity , all but a fraction of Weinstein ’s clients are practicing Catholics and Protestants of mainline denominations who claim to be targeted by proselytizing evangelical superiors .
The root of the problem , Weinstein believes , is a cluster of well - funded groups dedicated to Christianizing the military and proselytizing abroad .
They include the Navigators , which , according to their website , command " thousands of courageous men and women passionately following Christ , representing Him in advancing the Gospel through relationships where they live , work , train for war , and deploy . "
There is Campus Crusade for Christ ’s Military Ministry , which has a permanent staff presence at U.S. military academies and whose directors have referred publicly to U.S. soldiers and Marines as " government - paid missionaries . "
Such groups , Weinstein argues , " are the flip side of the Taliban .
They ’re like Islamic officers exercising Quranic leadership to raise a jihadi army . "
( A spokesman for the Navigators said the group had had no interaction with Weinstein and no comment on his activities .
Military Ministry representatives did n’t immediately respond to inquiries on the subject . )
Although Weinstein ’s past lawsuits have garnered plenty of attention , they were just a warm - up for his next battle .
Last week , he announced his group was preparing a lawsuit on behalf of Zachari Klawonn , a Muslim U.S. Army specialist at Fort Hood , Texas , who claims he was harassed and threatened after a Muslim psychiatrist ’s deadly shooting spree there last fall claimed the lives of 13 people on the base .
" The way [ Klawonn ’s ] commanders have dealt with this is either incompetence or it ’s intentional , " Weinstein told the Washington Post .
" But either way , it ’s just wrong . "
The subtext to Klawonn ’s case — that the November assault by Maj. Nidal M. Hasan may have been provoked by an entrenched Islamophobia in the ranks , rather than the product of an isolated pathology or a terrorist conspiracy — makes this among Weinstein ’s most controversial legal adventures .
Klawonn says he turned to MRFF for the same reason thousands ( by Weinstein ’s count ) of other service members have contacted the organization :
It was the only group that was willing to help him .
" I reach out today in a desperate and final last ditch attempt in search of answers , guidance and quite frankly , justice , " Klawonn emailed Weinstein on May 8 .
He detailed how , since he joined the U.S.
Army two years ago — before Hasan ’s massacre — he had been exposed to " a constant blast of the most degrading , humiliating and dehumanizing religious and cultural discrimination . "
Klawonn has accused his superiors of fostering a " blatantly false , propagandized " idea of Islam that conflates its minority radical elements with the Islamic faith generally .
" This is outright bigotry , " Klawonn wrote in his email , " officially sanctioned and taught by the U.S. Army itself . "
Commanders at Fort Hood rejected Klawonn ’s allegations , insisting they had responded swiftly to claims of anti-Islamic bigotry since the killings .
" This base takes the concerns of its Muslim soldiers and all its soldiers very seriously , " spokesman Christopher Haug told the Washington Post .
" His commanders are really trying to help him . "
Is Weinstein mad ?
To his enemies , he is demonic and hell - bound .
" The joy I get when i realize you are put away for eternity in the Red Hot Hotel and the rest of the Muslims [ sic ] … keeps me going , " reads one of the many digital turds in Weinstein ’s in - box .
Others take a more proactive approach to Weinstein ’s soul .
" Lots of people prayed to Jesus for Mikey today , " says another email Weinstein received on May 6 , the National Day of Prayer .
" Spiritual struggle going on my friend – Praise God . "
Barack Obama ’s administration , Weinstein says , is apparently less interested in his work than some Christians are in his spiritual well - being .
He has made several requests for a meeting at the White House to plead his case for presidential action , just as he did during the Bush years , but to no avail .
Asked about Weinstein ’s work , Pentagon spokeswoman Cynthia Smith declined via email to comment on it directly but said that the Defense Department " places a high value on the rights of military members to observe the tenets of their respective religions .
[ It ] does not endorse any one religion or religious organization , and provides free access of religion for all members of the military services . "
In fiscal year 2009 , she said , the Pentagon fielded just 15 formal complaints from its 1.4 million active - duty members relating to religious matters .
Weinstein , however , is not inclined to accept such assurances .
" Fundamentalist Christianity in the military is like magma , " he says , " and every hour or so it bursts up like a little volcano and you have to beat it down . "
Blog Archive set 2012 ( 1 ) dez 2011 ( 7 ) nov 2011 ( 8 ) out 2011 ( 1 ) set 2011 ( 7 ) ago 2011 ( 15 ) jul 2011 ( 3 ) jun 2011 ( 12 ) mai 2011 ( 14 ) abr 2011 ( 37 ) mar 2011 ( 10 ) fev 2011 ( 17 ) jan 2011 ( 18 ) dez 2010 ( 9 ) nov 2010 ( 40 ) out 2010 ( 27 ) set 2010 ( 17 ) ago 2010 ( 3 ) jul 2010 ( 2 ) jun 2010 ( 5 ) mai 2010 ( 12 ) abr 2010 ( 11 ) mar 2010 ( 20 ) fev 2010 ( 20 ) jan 2010 ( 21 ) dez 2009 ( 2 ) nov 2009 ( 10 ) out 2009 ( 9 ) set 2009 ( 21 ) ago 2009 ( 18 ) jul 2009 ( 16 ) jun 2009 ( 17 ) mai 2009 ( 9 ) abr 2009 ( 46 ) mar 2009 ( 34 ) jan 2001 ( 10 )
Jump to follow - up
There is something very offensive about the idea that a ‘ bachelor of science ’ degree can be awarded by a university , as a prize for memorising gobbledygook .
Once the contents of the ‘ degrees ’ has been exposed to public ridicule , many universities have stopped doing it .
All ( or nearly all ) of these pseudo - degrees have closed at the University of Salford , the University of Central Lancashire , Robert Gordon University , the University of Buckingham , and even at the University of Westminster ( the worst offender ) , one course has closed ( with rumours of more to follow ) .
I ’ve already written about the course in Traditional Chinese Medicine at the University of Salford ( Chinese medicine - acupuncture gobbledygook revealed ) and at the University of Westminster : see Why degrees in Chinese medicine are a danger to patients .
The former has closed , but not the latter .
Here is another one .
One place that has yet to come under close scrutiny is Middlesex University .
Michael Driscoll , VC of Middlesex University .
The buck stops with him .
Their “ Complementary Health ” courses are as follows ( April 2010 ) .
and also two postgraduate courses
I asked Middlesex University for samples of their teaching materials under the Freedom of Information Act , and , as usual , the request was refused .
As usual , I then asked for the mandatory internal review of the decision , and this time , most unusually , the internal review did not confirm the initial refusal and I was sent a bundle of teaching materials about Chinese Herbal Medicine ,
It was not all I asked for , but it is quite enough to show the absurd ideas that are still being taught as part of bachelor of Science degree in a UK University .
Not only are the ideas absurd , pre-scientific , indeed antiscientific .
They are also dangerous .
People who have been taught this nonsense are going out and being let loose on sick people .
The vice - chancellor of Middlesex University , Professor Michael Driscoll , is an economist , not a biologist .
Surely you do n’t need to be a scientist to feel a bit suspicious when you read on the Middlesex web site about
Traditional Chinese Acupuncture and Moxibustion including distribution of meridians - collaterals and location of acupoints ; needling and moxibustion techniques ;
Have any of the members of the Executive ever thought to ask about what goes on in these courses ?
Even if it is beyond an economist to see through the nonsense , surely it should be possible for Professor Margaret House , Deputy Vice - Chancellor Academic , whose interests lie in water quality , should be able to , though as Dean of the School of Health and Social Sciences she appears to sponsor the nonsense .
And Professor Waqar Ahmad , Deputy Vice - Chancellor Research and Enterprise , who has written a s book on Ethnicity , Health and Health Care , should surely be able to distinguish sense from nonsense in health care ?
In that respect , I ’d have less confidence in Katie Bell , Chief Marketing Officer , who joined Middlesex University in 2009 following a career in brand marketing for Nestlé UK and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare .
Marketing people seldom have much regard for truth .
Have any of the University ’s Governors ever asked what is going on in their name ?
It ’s true that none of the long list of distinguished - sounding governors is a scientist .
Surely you do n’t need to be to question whether or not what follows can be described as ‘ science ’ .
My guess is that none of these distinguished people has ever bothered to look at the dangerous nonsense that is being taught in their University .
It is not in the nature of ‘ managers ’ to look far beyond ticked - boxes and profit , They should have done of course , but to make it easier for them , here is a small selection of the slides that I was sent ( the copyright for them lies with the university : these few slides come under the heading ‘ ‘ fair quotation ’ and it is undoubtedly in the public interest to show them ) .
Course CMH 1211
e
Uhuh , my spleen qi is well and truly knotted already though when I learned physiology it was not thought that the spleen had much to do with emotions .
Ah so at least the problem of heavy breathers is solved .
But high temperature , abdominal pain and abnormal pulse can be signs of serious illness .
If your only explanation for them is “ preponderant evil Qi ” , you are a menace to public health .
All these symptoms could be the result of a serious disease .
It is not only antiquated nonsense to talk about them in terms of Yin , Yang and Qi .
It endangers people ,
Course CMH 2212
Chinese materia medica .
Some of the herbs are likely to contain active ingredients ( indeed some are very dangerous ) .
It would be quite possible to study the ingredients of these herbs and to investigate how they work in the light of what has been learned about physiology and pharmacology in the last 200 years .
Pharmacology has a long history of doing that , But is seems to play no part in this course .
Herbs are “ cold ” or “ hot ” and may “ check the exuberance of yang ” .
and so on , just preposterous , made - up nonsense from another era .
If it were taught as cultural history , it might be interesting .
But it is being taught as though it were true , and an appropriate way to treat sick people .
Course CMH 3214
Would you trust your child to someone who ’d been taught that “ causes of paediatric diseases are relatively simple ” , and “ children are pure yang ” ?
Now some Chinese recipes
Course CMH 3100
This may or may not taste good , but to recommend it for diabetes is seriously irresponsible .
The programme specification for the “ BSc ( Hons ) Traditonal Chinese medicine ” can be found here .
[ local copy download ]
It is written with all the official trappings , just as though the degree was about science .
It is n’t .
It is a danger to public health .
I have asked the vice - chancellor , Michael Driscoll , to express his view of these comments
Follow - up
A rather unexpected comment from a London acupuncturist .
“ At least , I knew that Professor David Colquhoun is very skeptical about Chinese medicine .
he comment Chinese medicine study ” not only are the ideas absurd , pre-scientific , indeed antiscientific .
They are also dangerous .
People who have been taught this nonsense are going out and being let loose on sick people . ”
“ “ But , I still like to read his blog as His article very is respectable .
I think .
Look this … ”
The skeptic blog featured this post in its weekly roundup .
27 May 2010 .
Times Higher Education reported the decision of Middlesex University to close its philosophy department .
This department seems to have a remarkable reputation , not least for a post - 1992 university .
Three academics and four students have been suspended and gagged in classical bullying style .
This has happened while they continue to teach dangerous rubbish like that described above .
I left a comment at Times Higher , as follows .
Posted : 01:29 PM ET
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg genuinely cares about your relationship status .
Well , maybe not genuinely , but he may look into it if he ’s bored .
One of Zuckerberg ’s favorite pastimes is determining Facebook users ’ relationship patterns , according to David Kilpatrick ’s upcoming book , “ The Facebook Effect : The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World . ”
Are you constantly chatting with your girlfriend ’s best friend ?
Do you spend more time on your crush ’s Facebook page than your boyfriend’s ?
You do n’t have to be honest with us , but do n’t bother lying to Zuckerberg .
A handful of tech blogs have published an excerpt from the book that says Zuckerberg uses certain factors to determine whether your relationship is on the outs and who you ’ll likely be dating next .
All Facebook , a blog about the social - networking site , posted this passage :
“ By examining friend relationships and communications patterns ( Zuckerberg ) could determine with about 33 percent accuracy who a user was going to be in a relationship with a week from now .
To deduce this he studied who was looking which profiles , who your friends were friends with , and who was newly single , among other indicators . ”
So what 's your take on Zuckerberg as Cupid ?
Is his theory on this credible , or just creepy ?
If he offered you an insider 's prediction on your significant other ’s romantic future , would you take it ?
Posted by : Special to CNN , Stephanie Goldberg
Filed under : Facebook
Coca - Cola is about to light the rocket beneath a project that may , with luck , slightly reinvent the brand for the 21st Century :
It ’s ready to take its amazing Freestyle drinks makers mainstream , with 104 user - controlled flavors .
We ’ve mentioned the Coke Freestyle device several times before–it ’s hard not to as it ’s so innovative , and involves cooperation from some seriously big names in design ( Pininfarina and Dean Kamen to name but two . )
The device is essentially a ground - up reinvention of the decades - old free - standing drinks dispenser , with its crates of flavor syrup , chilling equipment and water supply , ready to spew out two or three varieties of cold carbonated drinks .
Unlike these old systems , which have more in common with the kind of complex plumbing you ’d expect aboard a 1940 ’s submarine , Freestyle ’s electronic systems have a design that may have fitted aboard Captain Picard ’s USS Enterprise , right down to the colorful touchscreen interface .
Inside it has a flavor - dispensing system inspired by medical use of inkjet technology , with huge dexterity in adding flavors to the outgoing drinks , and even no need for taste - diluting ice as it can super - chill the beverage before delivery if that ’s how you want it .
It ’s such an innovation that Coke has been field - testing a handful of the devices in the U.S. for several months , and they ’ve encountered some of the same difficulties that any such paradigm - shifting devices face .
For example , as the Wall Street Journal notes , in some stores users had no idea what they would do with the device , and faced with such a bewildering array of choices that they had to get their kids to help program the machine .
But ultimately the thinking behind Freestyle is proving correct .
You may suspect that users would n’t embrace a machine that can deliver 104 different flavors and stick to the old traditional ones ( with the benefit of fast , low - effort single - button delivery ) .
But Coke found the people were experimenting with the flavors so much that they kept pouring away “ taster ” drinks they ’d made down the overspill chute , resulting in spillage problems .
This is exactly the purpose of field - testing , of course , and the Freestyle now has a redesigned over - spill system that can accommodate this extra fluid as well as a fan to melt discarded ice - cubes .
500 revamped Freesyle machines are to be shipped out across the U.S. this month , as the next stage in Coke ’s experiment .
It ’s a slow roll - out , as Coke ’s being careful to ensure there are trained technicians available nearby in case of problems–but ultimately the company is hoping to reinvent the market ( which is huge –Coke alone has over half a million old - style drinks fountains in the U.S. ) .
When it does make this move , I hope that the drinks giant also tweaks one technological aspect of the public dispensers that ’s been most irritating for years :
Making sure the damn things correctly accept your coins more than 50 % of the time , and do n’t just mysteriously swallow them into their electronic guts , before forgetting to actually deliver your drink .
Has Europe done the impossible and helped itself to a free lunch ?
That 's certainly what it looks like , to judge by the performance of equity , currency and fixed income markets following the E.U. 's 750 billion rescue plan .
A relief rally sent shares rocketing across the world , led by an almost unbelievable 20 % surge in European stocks .
Rescued ...
Given that Mike Heath of the American Family Association of Maine has made a career out of attacking gays and claiming that marriage equality causes graffiti , vandalism , and crop failure , you ’ll have to forgive me if I do n’t buy the “ ca n’t we all just get along ” vibe of this op - ed he published in the Portland Press Herald , especially considering that buried beneath his lament for our national “ memory loss ” is a not - so - subtle longing for the good ol ’ days when right - wing Christian values dominated and before gays got all uppity and started demanding equality :
Memory loss has dire consequences for nations as well .
Long gone is America ’s sense of unity and purpose .
A society that inherited the maxim “ In unity is strength ” is now told that diversity is the preeminent goal of its civilization .
The words “ union ” and “ united ” once inspired men from Maine to fight on the battlefields of Gettysburg and Bull Run .
Today the word “ union ” calls to mind something vastly different .
…
A loss of historical memory results in a confusion in values .
An appeal to diversity manifests itself in the political realm as a proliferation of competing and contradictory ideas .
Moral relativism undermines the values the West has held for centuries .
Post - modernism takes an even more extreme position , and denies the possibility that any truth can exist at all .
Certain outcomes are predictable for such a divided and confused society .
The inability to share a common frame of reference impairs communication among groups .
Where communication fails , there is opposition .
And where there is opposition , citizens will impute the wrong motives to political opponents .
Extreme skepticism in the realm of politics turns out to be a very poor substitute for Christianity , charity and shared national values .
…
The task that lies before us is to unite all our people — be they left or right , Republican or Democrat — on the basis of shared ethical values …
We can indeed have a civilization which promotes community over self - interest , respect for ethical values over unbridled greed , health over indulgence , beauty over chaos .
The day will come when America is once again renowned for its houses of worship , its common values , its communal festivals , its respect for women and family !
Unity will be restored ; and the spirit of lawlessness and rebellion will be forgotten — a storm in the night , followed by a clear , bright morning .
It is well - said that a society that obeys God ’s laws comes to look like heaven .
This , I predict , will be the future of America , and it is the goal toward which we must all strive .
University of Virginia Lacrosse Player Charged in Girlfriend 's Murder Police chief says injuries to Yeardley Love 's body were " immediately apparent . "
May 3 , 2010  --
A University of Virginia varsity lacrosse player was jailed today on murder charges , hours after the body of his on - and - off girlfriend and fellow lacrosse player was found in an off - campus apartment .
Police charged 22 - year - old George Huguely , an anthropology major from Chevy Chase , Md. , with first - degree murder , but have said little else about the alleged crime .
Police were called to the off campus apartment of Yeardley Love , a starter on UVA 's varsity girl 's lacrosse team , about 2:15 a.m. today by one of her roommates on the assumption that she had suffered alcohol poisoning .
Police found Love 's body in her bed , motionless .
" I can tell you that when the police arrived , along with rescue personnel , and we were able to move her body -- having found that she was unresponsive -- the physical injuries to her body were immediately apparent , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told ABC News .
The chief offered no details of the extent of the injuries , or of the evidence that has led police to charge the 22 - year - old suspect , fellow UVA lacrosse player George Huguely , with first degree murder .
" It 's very , very early on .
We still have a lot of work to do and we are somewhat conservative in the amount of facts that we want to give out about the case at this point , " Longo said .
" I think it 's probably safe to say that he 's been cooperative up to this point , " the chief said of the suspect .
Longo says Huguely is likely to appear via video conference for a bond hearing in general district court in Charlottesville tomorrow morning .
A preliminary hearing date will be set then , Longo says .
Longo says Love and Huguely " had a relationship at some point in time , " while one friend told ABC News that they were still in a relationship .
Their player profiles on the university 's sports website show talented athletes from promising backgrounds .
Love hailed from Cockeysville , Md. , and attended the prestigious Notre Dame Preparatory School where she was all - county .
Reached by telephone , Love 's older sister Alexis said that for now , the family had no comment .
Huguely , according to his athletic profile , weighed more than 200 pounds and was All - American in high school .
A source in the university community who asked to remain anonymous said he was in disbelief when he heard the allegations against against Huguely .
" I was in shock , " said the source .
" And I immediately started questioning it . "
" [ Huguely ] was always well liked well respected and had plenty of friends , " said the source adding that Huguely could be described as a " big man on campus . "
Huguely had dated and had an intimate relationship with Love for " at least a year and a half , " according to the source , and had met because the boys ' and girls ' lacrosse teams frequently socialized .
" Their circle of friends , and it was a large circle , they all knew they were together , " said the source .
The source declined to comment on Huguely or Yeardley 's drinking and partying habits and when asked if Huguely was one to grow possessive of a girlfriend , the source said , " He was not the jealous type . "
" He has a clean history and he had a good job lined up at a commerical real estate firm in Washington , D.C. , " said the source .
Outpouring of Shock , Compassion at School and Online
Love 's friends quickly reacted on the Internet , posting tributes and messages .
In one status update a friend wrote , " Rest in peace Yeardley Love ... you were an amazing person and will be missed by everyone . "
In another , " only the good die young -- YL you 're in our hearts and prayers . "
A sophomore at the university who asked that her name not be used told ABCNews.com that the feeling on campus was " shock . "
" The news has definitely spread very quickly , " said the student .
" Since information was only released a few hours ago , the entire community still seems very shocked by the situation . "
" Clearly this situation is incredibly difficult for the entire student population , " she said , adding that the news has been especially tough on Love 's sorority , Kappa Alpha Theta .
The vice president of the sorority , Christie Hercik , told ABC News the group is " in a state of mourning . "
UVA President : Slain Student Had ' Uncommon Talent and Promise '
In an interview posted on the Cavaliers ' site in 2009 , Love said it had been her dream to play lacrosse at Virginia and credited her high school coach with readying her for college sports .
" She not only prepared me to play at the college level , but she taught me important life lessons , " Love said in the interview .
" She always put a strong focus on good sportsmanship and working together as a team . "
Love 's death comes as students begin finals this week and their teams prepare for their post - seasons .
University President John Casteen issued a statement saying administrators are not only mourning Love , but that they " feel anger on reading that the investigators believe that another student caused it . "
" That she appears now to have been murdered by another student compounds this sense of loss by suggesting that Yeardley died without comfort or consolation from those closest to her , " Casteen said , calling Love " a student of uncommon talent and promise . "
In a later statement , [ [ CUT the ] ] ]
Casteen said Love " did not deserve to die . "
" She deserved the bright future she earned growing up , studying here , and developing her talents as a lacrosse player , " Casteen said in the statement .
" She deserves to be remembered for her human goodness , her capacity for future greatness , and not for the terrible way in which her young life has ended . "
In 2006 , then a senior as Landon School in Bethesda , Md. , Huguely was interviewed by the Washington Post where he expressed sympathy for the Duke lacrosse players caught up in a sex scandal that later proved to be false .
Several of the men in the Duke scandal attended Landon .
" They 've been scrutinized so hard and no one knows what has happened yet .
In this country , you 're supposed to be innocent until proven guilty , " he told the Post .
" I think that 's the way it should be . "
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
The Jazz had two chances to win it in the final 4 seconds , but Deron Williams missed from the top of the key and Wesley Matthews ' tip just before the buzzer also missed .
" It 's a tough loss , period .
We were again in the game and had a chance to win the game and things are n't going our way , " Williams said .
Williams had 28 points and nine assists and Kyle Korver added a career playoff - high 23 points for the Jazz , making all five of his 3 - point attempts .
Fisher finished with 20 points and Pau Gasol added 14 points and 17 rebounds for Los Angeles , which can close out the four - game sweep with a win Monday night in Game 4 .
Gasol , Andrew Bynum and Lamar Odom used their size advantage to lead the Lakers to wins in the first two games , but the Jazz were able to control more of the lane Saturday .
Bynum did n't score at all and Odom finished with eight points and eight rebounds .
Utah coach Jerry Sloan said the Jazz 's effort to keep the Lakers out of the middle opened up some 3 - point shots and Los Angeles capitalized .
" We felt like that was the chance to stay in the ballgame , " Sloan said .
" That right there probably got us . "
Both teams scored 32 in the paint and the Lakers were able to break the tie from outside .
Ron Artest scored 18 of his 20 points in the second half for the Lakers , breaking out of a 3 - point slump by shooting 4 of 7 from beyond the arc .
" It 's all about momentum , " Bryant said .
" We had been given good opportunities .
It was just a matter of them falling , and the shots starting falling at the right time . "
Bryant 's 3 - pointer with 54 seconds left tied it at 106 .
After a jumper by Williams , Fisher hit another from beyond the arc to put the Lakers up 109- 108 with 28.6 seconds left .
" He played a great game tonight , " Lakers coach Phil Jackson said .
" He made some shots and made some defensive plays .
Just his tenacity is a factor for us . "
Carlos Boozer , who had 14 points and 14 rebounds , missed a putback attempt and the Jazz had to foul Bryant , who hit both free throws for a 111 - 108 lead with 7.8 seconds left .
Williams drew a foul with 6.1 seconds and made both from the line to cut it to 111 - 110 .
The Lakers could n't inbound the ball and called timeout .
They tried again , but Fisher fell before he could get the pass from Artest , and Korver grabbed the loose ball and called timeout with 4.4 seconds left .
After the timeout , Williams ' shot from the top of the key bounced off the rim .
There was still enough time for Matthews to get a hand on the rebound , but his tip also bounced off and the Lakers leaped off the bench to celebrate .
" It felt like it was just kind of a slugfest , " Korver said .
" Whoever was going to miss first lost .
We got the ball back , just did n't quite pull it off . "
This is the third straight playoffs the Lakers have played the Jazz , and Los Angeles had lost Game 3 in Utah each of the previous two .
Andrei Kirilenko returned from more than a month out with a strained left calf and had eight points and six rebounds .
Paul Millsap added 13 points for Utah .
Game notes
The Jazz shot 11 for 18 in the second quarter .
... Bryant had 20 points at halftime -- four more than the rest of the Lakers ' starters combined .
... Bryant scored the Lakers ' first nine points .
... Gasol had 10 points in the period after scoring just four in the first half .
...
Korver 's previous playoff high was 14 against the Lakers two years ago .
... Kirilenko got a standing ovation when he entered with 6:54 left in the first .
[ 4/1 Update : I think most folks have seen this at this point in the day so April Fools !
I discovered this label this past fall via @ BeerBrewin .
Not sure how anonymous the original artist wishes to remain but cheers to Kyle for his excellent artwork on this label ! ]
( Placentia , CA ) –
On the heels of the Bod Liqbt and Bemdesor announcement , more big AB - InBev news . . . this time involving a craft brewery .
With craft beer up over 7 % in terms of volume in 2009 and all the buzz surrounding beer collaborations , it ’s no surprise that we are finally seeing a big brewery reach across the aisle to work with a respected craft brewer .
The Bruery and AB - InBev will release Bland Tuesday as an accompaniment to Black Tuesday at the next BT release event .
“ When some of our crew visited one of their facilities last year , they approached us about collaborating , ” says The Bruery ’s Patrick Rue .
“ At first , we scoffed at the idea but they seemed genuinely interested in working with a craft brewery .
We just had a hard time saying no . ”
Rue says that at last year ’s Black Tuesday release , some people brought friends that were n’t quite used to flavorful beers and just wanted something pretty light drinking .
“ We knew that we would be meeting a need and they got us a good deal on some barrels so it was win-win .
Our fans may not like the fact that we are working with AB - InBev on this but they will benefit in the end . ”
Though the label will bear the name of both breweries , AB - InBev insisted that The Bruery come up with a name that clearly differentiates
The Bruery ’s beers from the type of beers that AB - InBev would create .
“ They have n’t seen it yet but we think it meets their criteria . ”
This will be a small batch with 500 bottles released only at the brewery .
An expansion of gambling has been suggested as Texas faces a projected shortfall that some lawmakers say could hit $ 18 billion .
Republican Speaker Joe Straus told House budget writers Tuesday that they 'll have to handle a state shortfall of at least $ 11 billion without new taxes , but he raised the possibility of unpaid furloughs and four - day workweeks for state workers .
" Increasing taxes would restrain economic growth and hinder our ability to create jobs , " Straus said at a meeting of the House Appropriations Committee .
" Come next session , I 'm confident that we can make thoughtful , responsible decisions to balance our budget , but this will require tough choices , significant cuts in some areas and perhaps totally new thinking in others . "
Texas ' current budget is more than $ 182 billion in state and federal dollars .
The biggest chunks of spending are on education and health care .
The budget shortfall , which officials said Tuesday could be as high as $ 18 billion , is largely a result of the national recession .
It 's the projected difference between available revenue , mostly from lower - than - expected sales taxes , and the cost of maintaining services at their current levels .
The state 's Rainy Day Fund is expected to have a balance of about $ 8.2 billion .
" Because so much of our general revenue budget goes to personnel , I hope that you will find creative ways to contain personnel costs and limit payroll growth , " Straus told the committee .
" You might consider the impact of freezing higher - level salaries or limiting new hires to only those essential to the public safety and welfare of our citizens . "
He said Texas must look at what other states are doing to handle budget shortfalls , including unpaid furloughs and four - day workweeks .
Straus also mentioned imposing a moratorium on all new programs and services that require state money and a prohibition on issuing state bonds because of the ongoing cost associated with debt .
" I 'm not advocating for any one of these choices , in particular , but I do know that every cost savings idea must be on the table . "
Later during the meeting , committee Chairman Jim Pitts , R- Waxahachie , said legalized gambling would be a possible option .
" I just tell it like it is , " he said .
" It will be helping us in the future and with what we 've heard today we will continually be needing revenue in the state of Texas . "
Lt. Gov. Dewhurst and Gov. Rick Perry both say they oppose any expansion of gambling in Texas .
Dewhurst , who presides over the Senate , spent his first session in the office facing a $ 10 billion budget shortfall in 2003 .
" This is not my first rodeo , " Dewhurst told The Associated Press Tuesday .
" I went through it in 2003 and it was a lot tougher in 2003 than it 's going to be in 2011 .
Our challenge in 2011 is to cover the dollars that went into the 2009 budget from the federal stimulus and the previous balances that we used , plus any shortfalls that we have in our revenue estimate .
" I think we 're in pretty good shape , " he said .
Dewhurst said with more money in the Rainy Day Fund , axing one - time items that were funded in 2009 , payments from the state 's Available School Fund that were not available last year and improvement in the economy would help ease the pain .
Dewhurst did agree with Straus ' assessment that the federal health care overhaul will only exacerbate the state 's budgetary woes .
" Over the next few years , Texans will face higher federal income taxes and other increases in federal levies , including for Social Security and Medicare as result of the federal health care reforms , " Straus said .
" Our work on the budget will begin in an environment of uncertainty as the federal government grapples with spending and tax measures to reduce the federal debt .
This makes it even more imperative that the state of Texas cover its budget shortfall without a tax increase . "
State agencies have submitted proposals to cut current - year budgets by 5 percent at the behest of Perry , Dewhurst and Straus .
But those savings will only amount to about $ 1.7 billion , officials have said .
" The 5 percent that we requested was just the beginning , " Straus said .
" It was absolutely necessary but not nearly sufficient . "
Tags
Since the rise of Hugo Chavez , Venezuela has become a superstar of sorts .
It frequently makes headline news , whether due to some type of utility shortage , some political scandal , or a corruption case .
The most common perception of Venezuela is one of economic peril .
Indeed , analysts have been predicting the government 's collapse since at least 2007 .
While Chavez 's Venezuela has survived so far , most agree that its economy limps on one leg and that default is only a matter of time .
Mark Weisbrot , codirector of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , disagrees .
In a recent article for The Huffington Post ( " Venezuela is not Greece " ) , he argues that Venezuela 's saving grace is Chavez 's efforts to maintain the national debt as low as possible .
Given a low public debt , high government expenditure , " low inflation , " and the ability to manipulate exchange rates , Mark Weisbrot holds that Venezuela is poised to " pursue a robust economic expansion . "
In reality , Mark Weisbrot 's analysis could not be further from the truth .
Venezuela 's economy is heavily burdened by the state .
Not only have Venezuelans been deprived of their right of free speech , but Hugo Chavez has also burdened the markets through his incessant quest for power .
Most of the country 's utility industries have been outright nationalized , and the nationalizations have spread to other sectors as well .
Fear of expropriation has paralyzed investment .
Without a healthy private sector , Venezuela does not boast of the necessary foundations for a true economic expansion .
Not even Hugo Chavez believes otherwise !
Weisbrot is right about one thing : Venezuela 's government enjoys a relatively small public - debt burden .
This is but one of the many advantages of having your own central bank .
Indeed , why care about debt at all ?
One can simply print it out of existence !
While surely Chavez has benefited from the printing press , other Venezuelans have not been so fortunate .
Contrary to Weisbrot 's claims , inflation has skyrocketed .
Venezuelans have become progressively poorer , as Chavez funds his social programs through monetary expansion .
Venezuela 's inflation can be considered a type of fraud .
Economies are not built on cash .
Automobiles are not fabricated out of money .
Families do not eat paper .
By printing money , Venezuela 's central bank and government are not creating capital , they are only funding their ability to bid it away from the private sector and squander it on uneconomical public programs .
Imagine the average Venezuelan who receives nothing but a currency that is consistently falling in value in exchange for his resources .
Simultaneously , his savings are confiscated , because they are progressively worth less in the face of rising prices .
How can anybody consider this a basis for a rise in wealth ?
Anatomy of an Economic Disaster
In Venezuela , entrepreneurship is condoned when it does n't interfere with the plans of Hugo Chavez .
Unsurprisingly , entrepreneurs in the utility industries are not part of Chavez 's plans , and as such the Venezuelan utility market has been almost completely nationalized .
While prior to the recent global depression Chavez stuck to nationalizing certain sectors at a relatively slow ( yet steady ) pace , the onset of global crisis accelerated the socialization of Venezuela 's economy .
Indeed , few foreign - owned oil companies were left untouched after Chavez decided to solve his debt problem by simply taking over those businesses he owed money to .
Other key industries nationalized include the telecommunication and electrical markets .
Admittedly , Chavez 's nationalizations did not consist solely of expropriating the property of others for the benefit of the " people of Venezuela . "
Like any good politician , Chavez pandered to big business , offering two Spanish electrical companies , Iberdrola and Elecnor , a total of nearly two billion dollars to build a 1000 Mw electrical plant in the city of Cumaná , in eastern Venezuela .
The average construction cost for the specific type of plant being built was $ 0.75 a watt .
Chavez paid Iberdrola and Elecnor $ 2 a watt .
" Economies are not built on cash .
Automobiles are not fabricated out of money .
Families do not eat paper . "
The nationalization of the utility industry has been a disaster .
Venezuela continues to suffer from severe power and water shortages .
This all seems surreal for a country with the largest reserve of crude oil outside of the Middle East , as well as one of the largest hydroelectric systems in the world .
The resource shortages are largely a result of years ' worth of price controls , as Chavez sold his socialist revolution by providing Venezuelans with cheap energy .
Unfortunately , the market has adjusted at the expense of the average Venezuelan , as artificially low prices have led to severe shortages in available resources .
The government 's response to the shortages has been even greater regulation of the use and distribution of these utilities .
Venezuelans who use more than the prescribed amount of energy and water are subject to taxation , while even heavier fines are imposed upon businesses .
The result has been widespread damage to Venezuela 's economy .
Stores open later and close sooner , limiting the amount of business they receive , while large industrial plants find it difficult to run efficiently under the government 's energy quotas .
While this is disastrous from the point of view of an economist , it is even more so from the perspective of the average Venezuelan .
Indeed , standards of living have decreased , as the lack of electricity has caused issues with refrigerating food , and citizens can no longer enjoy some of the luxuries they did prior to the economic crisis .
The utility industry is hardly the only sector to see continued nationalization and regulation .
The automobile industry , hardly able to afford the necessary parts and materials due to a very weak bolívar , found its production quotas regulated and dictated by the Chavez dictatorship .
The alternative was expropriation .
The unsurprising result of Chavez 's regulation of the automobile industry has been a shortage of cars !
So , while new cars are purchased many months before production , the price of used cars has soared in the face of increasing demand .
Chavez also nationalized the cement industry as a means of solving the " housing shortage . "
Continued shortages and difficult economic conditions have prompted the nationalization of even more industries , including steel producers and food suppliers .
The banking industry has not been left alone .
In the face of possible bank failures , Hugo Chavez decided not to risk a bailout .
Instead , he outright nationalized banks most likely to default , while threatening those " failing to comply with the law . "
Of course , " not complying with the law " roughly translates into " failing to remain a source of income for the government . "
It is no surprise that the financial sector is mostly led by Chavez military lackeys , and Chavez 's favorite form of regulation has been actively replacing the leadership of certain banks by purging his own appointees .
The result of all of this has been capital flight , as investors look to secure whatever wealth they can by moving their investments offshore .
Regulation , outright nationalization , political corruption , and price controls have led to one of the worst economic crises in the history of Venezuela .
The cause is simply the loss of private investment , which has come as a result of the burden of the growing socialist government .
Instead of allowing entrepreneurs to invest and produce wealth , Chavez has preferred to centrally coordinate the markets .
Unsurprisingly , this has caused irreparable damage .
Venezuela has become the perfect case study for Ludwig von Mises 's socialist calculation problem — without a price mechanism , the government has been unable to coordinate the distribution of resources in the most economically efficient way , leading to widespread shortages and the destruction of wealth .
With all of this in mind , it is difficult to see how Mark Weisbrot justifies his opinion that Venezuela is ready to " pursue a robust economic expansion . "
With domestic investors fleeing and Chavez effectively blocking foreign investment , one is left wondering where exactly Chavez will find the capital necessary to catalyze economic growth .
Even assuming such capital was readily available , given the poor performance of nationalization so far , what gives Weisbrot confidence in the Venezuelan government ?
Weisbrot can only point to Venezuela 's low national debt .
It 's clear Mark Weisbrot is leaning on the printing press as the solution to Venezuela 's economic woes .
Prosperity through the Printing Press
The Central Bank of Venezuela and Hugo Chavez have beaten Mark Weisbrot to the punch line .
Since Chavez 's ascendency to the presidency , the bolívar 's monetary base has been growing at an accelerating pace .
Increasingly expensive social programs have been paid for by money created ex nihilo , allowing the government to maintain a low debt level .
For example , as a method of paying debt and " stimulating economic growth , " Chavez devalued the bolívar fuerte by half in January 2010 .
Ironically , in 2008 the Venezuelan government introduced the bolívar fuerte , pegged to 1/1000th the value of the original bolívar , as a way of combating the rampant inflation that had taken a toll on the value of the latter .
Cutting zeroes was meaningless while the Venezuelan central bank continued accelerating money expansion .
The result has been a progressive increase in the general price level .
In 2008 , Venezuelans suffered from a 30.9 % increase in the general price level , and while price inflation fell to 25.1 % in 2009 , the general price level increased by 30.4 % between January and April 2010 .
The result has been a decreasing level of confidence in the bolívar , as Venezuelans rush to spend their savings before the government confiscates them through inflation .
Some expect up to a 60 % increase in general prices by the end of 2010 !
The worst is yet to come .
While Hugo Chavez and Venezuela 's central bank continue to inflate the money supply in an effort to forestall disaster , prices will continue to rise .
The inevitable conclusion is hyperinflation , as consumers and businessmen begin to fear that inflation will continue indefinitely .
By this time , it should be clear that monetary inflation is not a method by which to increase production .
By printing money , the government does not simultaneously produce capital goods .
The belief that further inflation in Venezuela will spur investment is completely detached from reality .
The pitfalls of the printing press were already well illustrated by the recent collapse of Zimbabwe .
But , surely printing more money will allow investors to buy more capital goods ?
Knowing that the supply of capital , during a specific moment in time , is fixed , by giving certain entrepreneurs more money it will only allow them to bid capital away from other entrepreneurs .
Furthermore , over the long run an increase in money will , at best , cause the price of capital to adapt to the increase in the supply of money .
There is no physical increase in the volume of capital available to entrepreneurs .
At first , an increase in the supply of money will cause entrepreneurs to invest into capital goods and lengthen the structure of production .
This leads to the intertemporal discoordination predicted by the Austrian business - cycle theory , and an inevitable bust .
A central bank can avoid the bust by continuing to inflate the money supply at an accelerating pace , but this can only end in a crisis of confidence and hyperinflation .
In Venezuela 's case , further monetary expansion is unlikely to lead to increased investment — even malinvestment .
Venezuela 's private sector has been crushed by nationalization , regulation , and price fixing .
The majority of newly created money goes towards a development fund known as FONDEN .
Money transferred to FONDEN is used to finance a myriad of infrastructure projects .
For example , of the 98.9 billion bolívars comprising the money supply in December 2009 , over 57 billion were allotted to FONDEN .
Around 36.4 billion bolívars were represented by coins and bank notes in circulation .
Most new bolívars go directly towards the consumption of capital , rather than towards investing capital and lengthening the structure of production .
In other words , inflation is helping to directly deplete the existing stock of capital in Venezuela by subsidizing its consumption .
So , instead of at least offering the illusion of prosperity , the Venezuelan government is directly contributing to the visible impoverishment of society .
Venezuelan End Game
Mark Weisbrot correctly suggests that the Venezuelan economy is not in the same position as the Greek economy .
While the Greek government 's ability to fund its spending is constricted by its lack of a sovereign central bank , Hugo Chavez 's Venezuelan junta has the luxury of printing as much money as it needs .
But this slight difference is not enough to justify the belief that Venezuela is somehow poised to begin an economic recovery .
Venezuela 's market has been absolutely flattened by an overburdening government .
Nationalization turned vibrant industries into dead factories , while regulations and price fixing crushed what remained of the private sector .
With no true recovery possible , the regime has turned to the printing press as the solution to its economic problems .
But , as events clearly show , this has not led to prosperity .
It has only led to further suffering , as inflation quickly erodes Venezuelan savings and further damages Venezuelan industry .
Far from the recovery claimed by Mark Weisbrot , the continuation of current fiscal and monetary policies will bring immeasurable pain upon the people of Venezuela .
Unless Hugo Chavez 's government suddenly ends spending and returns to a free market , the most likely conclusion to current events in Venezuela is a crisis of interventionism , as the bolívar collapses and the government finds it more and more difficult to fund itself .
Senator Ugly has stolen the beauty anti-aging serum " Buttox " .
Charlie 's Bitch Ass
Hos have been hired to retrieve the serum and arrest Senator Ugly .
On their mission they discover their super powers .
At least nine people have been killed after Israeli commandos stormed a convoy of ships carrying aid to the Gaza Strip , the Israeli army says .
Armed forces boarded the largest vessel overnight , clashing with some of the 500 people on board .
It happened about 40 miles ( 64 km ) out to sea , in international waters .
Israel says its soldiers were shot at and attacked with weapons ; the activists say Israeli troops came on board shooting .
The activists were attempting to defy a blockade imposed by Israel after the Islamist movement Hamas took power in Gaza in 2007 .
ANALYSIS
This was always going to be a high - risk operation for Israel both in terms of reputation and diplomatic repercussions .
Taking over vessels at sea is no easy task , even if the units carrying out the mission are well - trained , and it is especially difficult if the people already on board the vessels resist .
The full details of what happened will emerge in time , but in political terms the damage has already been done .
The deaths threaten to make what was always going to be a potential public relations disaster for Israel into a fully - fledged calamity .
Israel faces flotilla raid fallout
There has been widespread condemnation of the violence , with several countries summoning the Israeli ambassadors serving there .
UN chief Ban Ki-moon said he was " shocked by reports of killings and injuries " and called for a " full investigation " into what happened .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is in Canada , has cancelled a scheduled visit to Washington on Tuesday to return to Israel , officials said .
Earlier , he expressed his " full backing " for the military involved in the raid , his office said .
The White House said the US " deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained " in the storming of the aid ship .
A spokesman said US officials were " currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy " .
' Guns and knives '
The six - ship flotilla , carrying 10,000 tonnes of aid , left the coast of Cyprus on Sunday and had been due to arrive in Gaza on Monday .
Israel had repeatedly said the boats would not be allowed to reach Gaza .
Israel says its soldiers boarded the lead ship in the early hours but were attacked with axes , knives , bars and at least two guns .
" Unfortunately this group were dead - set on confrontation , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told the BBC .
" Live fire was used against our forces .
They initiated the violence , that 's 100 % clear , " he said .
Organisers of the flotilla said at least 30 people were wounded in the incident .
Israel says 10 of its soldiers were injured , one seriously .
A leader of Israel 's Islamic Movement , Raed Salah , who was on board , was among those hurt .
Contact with activists on the ships was lost after the raids and no first - hand accounts from them have yet emerged .
Arafat Shoukri , of the Free Gaza Movement ( FGM ) which organised the convoy , said those on board one ship had told them by telephone that Israeli helicopters had arrived .
" Then we started to hear screams , shouting , shooting everywhere , " he said .
" We heard some of them shouting ' we are raising the white flag , stop shooting at us ' . "
He said Israeli claims that activists had pistols and other weapons were " cheap propaganda " .
Audrey Bomse , also of the FGM , told the BBC that the activists were " not going to pose any violent resistance " .
By midday Israel had towed three of the six boats to the port of Ashdod and says it will deport the passengers from there .
Condemnation
Turkish TV pictures taken on board the Turkish ship leading the flotilla appeared to show Israeli soldiers fighting to control passengers .
GAZA AID CONVOY Consists of three cargo ships and three passenger ships
Casualties reported on the Mavi Marmara passenger ferry
Mavi Marmara is one of three ships provided by Insani Yardim Vakfi ( IHH ) , a Turkish aid organisation with links to the Turkish government
Other ships are organised by the Free Gaza Movement , an international coalition of activist groups
Up to 600 mostly Turkish passengers , tonnes of cement and at least two journalists on board the Mavi Marmara
In pictures :
Aid ship stormed Reaction to Gaza aid ship deaths Guide : Gaza under blockade Hague ' deplores Gaza ship deaths '
The footage showed a number of people , apparently injured , lying on the ground .
A woman was seen holding a blood - stained stretcher .
Al - Jazeera TV reported from the same ship that Israeli navy forces had opened fire and boarded the vessel , wounding the captain .
The Al - Jazeera broadcast ended with a voice shouting in Hebrew , saying : " Everybody shut up ! "
Israel 's deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said his country " regrets any loss of life and did everything to avoid this outcome " .
He accused the convoy of a " premeditated and outrageous provocation " , describing the flotilla as an " armada of hate " .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemned Israel 's actions , saying it had committed a massacre , while Hamas said Israel had committed a " great crime and a huge violation of international law " .
Turkey , whose nationals comprised the majority of those on board , accused Israel of " targeting innocent civilians " .
Turkey was Israel 's closest Muslim ally but relations have deteriorated over the past few years .
In Turkey , thousands of protesters demonstrated against Israel in Istanbul , while several countries have summoned Israeli ambassadors to seek an explanation as to what happened .
Greece has withdrawn from joint military exercises with Israel in protest at the raid on the flotilla .
Israel had repeatedly said it would stop the boats , calling the campaign a " provocation intended to delegitimise Israel " .
Israel says it allows about 15,000 tonnes of humanitarian aid into Gaza every week .
But the UN says this is less than a quarter of what is needed .
A week ago at the CFA Institute 's 2010 Annual Dinner , Baupost 's Seth Klarman stole the spotlight by announcing to everyone that he was " more worried about the world than ever " while making it clear that he was on the same Jim Grant and Julian Robertson " Treasury put " bandwagon .
Yet another speaker present at the event , who undeservedly received much less attention , was CLSA 'a Russell Napier , who has long been warning about precisely the thing that all asset managers are realizing rather belatedly , that Treasuries are a very " fundamental asset bubble . "
The only relevant questions , which Napier has previously discussed extensively , are " when do treasuries crash " and " what do you do " when that happens .
The attached presentation provides some color on both .
Russell Napier , whose Anatomy of the Bear ( available for a pdf- special $ 3.95 steal on DocStoc ) is one of the better market analysis books available , had one quite insightful observation .
As the CFA noted in its press release on the matter , " One point that Mr. Napier made toward the end of his presentation was that the difference between current borrowing and previous peaks in government debt is that previous surges in the debt load were linked with the financing of conflict .
As he put it , the current borrowing is to keep people alive rather than to kill .
The implication for the global economy of this key difference is that social programs to subsidize a certain quality of life are not a profit - making endeavor in the same way as traditional twentieth century conflicts . "
We wish we were as sanguine about this conclusion as Mr. Napier .
With a rapidly deteriorating geopolitical situation in both the Middle and Far East , perhaps the massive entitlement spending has been nothing short of a diversion from the the traditionally massive " defense " spending .
After all , there have been over $ 257 billion in defense vendor payments by the US Treasury since October , an outlay smaller only than Social Security Outlays and Medicare .
And since Napier 's perspective has been largely ignored by the Mainstream media , we provide a link to his most recent comprehensive presentation on the topic of the Treasury bubble from earlier this year .
In it , Napier takes ( apriori ) on a point made last week by Albert Edwards , an states that " balance of payments is key , not current account " pointing out that bigger CA deficits do not necessarily mean falling reserves as can be seen in the Thailand case , leading him to conclude that " Asian reserves will grow as capital flows reverse . "
Furthermore , back in February , Napier predicted perfectly the most recent TIC data which showed a record foreign capital flow into US securities ( whether this was predicated by the capital flight ouf of Europe is largely irrelevant ) .
Napier also questions the role of US commercial banks , and is confident they can plug a hole of up to $ 1 trillion in Treasury demand , saying " bank purchases of government debt can reflate America " in one of the most vicious Catch 22s , since the Fed funds banks at the discount window with money used to subsequently purchase safe assets , thereby monetizing debt with one small step of separation , a topic long discussed by Zero Hedge .
Another key point is the recently notable observation on the plunging M3 via Ambrose Evans - Pritchard - as Napier shows this is certainly not the first time that broad money supply has contracted and led to lower inflation .
The real question is what happens to credit demand in a disinflationary phase , all else equal , which however thanks to Europe , will not be the case for a long time .
Lastly , the Asian expert analyzes the role of governments , and specifically those of Asia and China as a preamble to the great Treasury bubble pop :
China ’s return to gradual appreciation of the renminbi does not stop funds pouring into Treasuries
A one - off revaluation was not spurred by 8 % inflation in China in 2008 so it will not happen now
Capital controls are coming in Asia
Capital controls will be insufficient and credit controls will follow
Such measures shorten the duration of the great distortion but still current due to CA surpluses
While Napier does not provide the ever - elusive answer on when to expect the bubble pop , his insights give some more variables to juggle as we all await the bursting of the greatest bubble in capital markets history .
Full presentation :
Scientists exploring a remote Indonesian forest say they have uncovered a collection of new species , including the world 's smallest known wallaby , a Pinocchio - nosed frog and a yellow - eyed gecko .
An international group of scientists found the species in the remote Foja Mountains on the island of New Guinea in late 2008 and released the details , including pictures , on Monday ahead of the International Day for Biological Diversity on May 22 .
Many of the species found during the survey are believed to be new to science , Conservation International and the National Geographic Society said , including several new mammals , a reptile , an amphibian , and a dozen insects .
The discoveries come just as scientists warn of the growing threat of accelerating loss of species as the planet warms and forests and other habitats are destroyed to feed a growing human population .
" While animals and plants are being wiped out across the globe at a pace never seen in millions of years , the discovery of these absolutely incredible forms of life is much needed positive news , " said Conservation International 's Bruce Beehler , a participant on the expedition .
" Places like these represent a healthy future for all of us and show that it is not too late to stop the current species extinction crisis . "
The Foja Mountains are in the Indonesian province of Papua on the island of New Guinea and cover a large area of undeveloped and undisturbed rainforest .
Conservation International said the frog 's Pinocchio - like protuberance on its nose pointed upwards when the male called but pointed downwards when he was less active .
The team also found a tame , woolly rat , a bent - toed gecko with yellow eyes , a new imperial pigeon and a tiny forest wallaby that is believed to be the smallest member of the kangaroo family documented in the world .
Other discoveries recorded during the survey included a new blossom bat , which feeds on rainforest nectar , and a small tree - mouse .
Scientists are becoming increasingly concerned over the rate of species loss on the planet and point out the huge benefits of forests , river systems , wetlands and oceans to human livelihoods and economies .
Recent reports show that world governments failed to meet the targets agreed to in 2002 to reduce the rate of loss of biodiversity by 2010 , which was declared by the United Nations the International Year of Biodiversity .
Negotiators from around the globe meet in Japan in October to discuss new targets to stem biodiversity loss for the next 40 years .
- Reuters
Wyoming has the highest rate of speeding tickets issued .
According to Condomania 's database of 27,000 custom - fit condom sales , Wyoming also has the smallest average penis size .
Coincidence ?
We think not .
More fun facts from the Online Schools folks below .
Advertisement
The Ten Fastest States In America Ever hit the highway and notice that people drive differently ?
Some states haul more ass than …
Read more
We asked for the following frank look at speeding , and we got it .
Here 's the Magnum - sized info -porn .
And yes , it 's ribbed for your pleasure .
Advertisement
EMBED THE IMAGE ABOVE ON YOUR SITE
( copy / paste this HTML into your site )
< a href = " http://jalopnik.com/5526534/penis-size-and-speeding-tickets-a-sizable-correlation " >
< img src= "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" alt =" The Need for Speed " width = " 500 " border= " 0 " />
<a>< br />
[ Source : Online Schools for Jalopnik.com ]
Didier Remy has spent his life so intent on retiring on his 55th birthday that he and his wife even planned their children accordingly , wanting them to be grown by the time he stopped working .
So pardon a little indignant hand - waving as he ponders the prospect of Nicolas Sarkozy fouling everything up .
If the French president has his way , Remy will find it tough to retire with his full state pension in 2015 , as he carefully plotted 20 years ago .
“ My life was organized around the idea that I ’m going to leave work at that age , ” said Remy , a lifelong employee of France ’s state - owned railway , whose benefits are the envy of other Frenchmen , never mind long - slogging Americans .
“ It ’s my goal .
But it rests with the powers that be . ”
True to form in this protest - rife land , Sarkozy ’s announcement that he intends to raise the national retirement age sometime this summer sent thousands of demonstrators spilling into the streets last month in opposition .
But this time the French are part of a larger tide of anger and anxiety surging across Europe .
With budget deficits ballooning across the continent , and a huge bailout of debt - ridden Greece on the verge of taking place , officials across Europe say they have no choice but to boost retirement ages if they are to tackle a monumental economic problem compounded by declining populations and longer life spans .
But few issues are as sensitive in a region where the right to retire at a decent age , and retire well , is considered almost an inalienable social right .
For many here , it ’s one of the defining elements of their identity as Europeans , part of what they feel makes them different — more reasonable , more humane — from overworked , overstressed Americans .
“ Old - age pension protection is at the heart of what is termed ‘ social Europe , ' " said Athina Vlachantoni , an expert at the Center for Research on Aging at the University of Southampton in southern England .
“ Retirement protection is considered as hard - fought a victory for workers as the 35 - hour week and [ gender ] equality legislation , ” Vlachantoni said .
“ This is why pension reform is a hot potato in every European country . ”
Of course , old - age benefits are a tricky political issue in the U.S. too :
Pity the lawmaker who tries to fiddle with Social Security .
But the retirement age in the U.S. , now 66 but set to rise to 67 , has until recently outstripped that of almost every country in Europe .
In nations belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , which includes the U.S. but is dominated by European states , the average retirement age a decade ago was just under 62 .
In some countries , it ’s even lower .
Some Greeks — including hairdressers , who are deemed to work with dangerous chemicals — are allowed to quit working at 50 .
Such open - handed policies have bred tension with more frugal countries such as Germany , which is now on the hook to help rescue its Mediterranean neighbor from bankruptcy .
Even Germany , though , looked generous by American standards .
That was then , this is now .
For one thing , people are living longer .
In Europe , someone who retires at 65 can expect to live 10 to 17 more years , and even more in richer nations , according to the statistics agency Eurostat .
At the same time , European women are having fewer babies , so societies are steadily graying , with fewer young people entering the labor force to replace older workers — and pay for the pensions of longer - lived retirees .
Couple that with levels of public debt that have alarmed investors and shaken faith in the euro , and the need to find a way to ease the strain of pensions on national budgets becomes acute .
In Ireland , whose economy was especially hard hit by the global recession , the government has proposed increasing the retirement age to 68 from 65 .
Germany now expects people to continue working until 67 instead of 65 .
The same holds true in Denmark , one of the Scandinavian nations famous for generous social welfare policies .
As the need for fiscal discipline hits home , the assault on the sacred cows of retirement age and pensions has come from reality - slapped governments on both the left and right .
But the issue is so vexatious that in Sweden , for example , parties across the political spectrum had to meet behind closed doors for several years to hash out a solution that could garner all - party support .
That does n’t satisfy defenders of the status quo , who see the European way of life under threat .
In February , a Spanish proposal to boost the retirement age was able to provoke street protests that an unemployment rate of nearly 20 % failed to do .
Here in France , when the leader of the Socialist Party suggested that a retirement age of 61 or 62 should be debated , she came under so much fire that she had to backpedal on the idea within hours .
“ We needed more than 15 years to win a retirement age of 60 , ” said Eric Aubin , a leader of the CGT , one of France ’s largest unions .
“ The French are very attached to it , because we have a situation today of very deteriorated employment and working conditions that are unbearable . ”
Surveys show the French to be among the unhappiest workers in Europe , despite laws that guarantee them at least five weeks of paid vacation from the moment they start their jobs .
They ascribe their discontent to increasing levels of stress on the job , unreasonable demands from managers and rising workloads .
More than residents of almost any other European country , the French say they want to stop working as soon as possible .
Their legal retirement age is already among the lowest in Europe .
Most workers actually give up their jobs a little before turning 60 .
“ Even if today we live better , and our health coverage and healthcare are better , why does that mean we have to use that for working ? ” said Remy , the railway employee here in Amiens , a once - prosperous town in northern France that has fallen on harder times .
When he began working as a maintenance man for the SNCF railway service 30 years ago , at age 20 , his contract allowed for retirement at 55 .
( Drivers can stop working at 50 . )
But changes afoot mean that he could be docked as much as 20 % of his pension if he leaves the job as early as he planned , a monthly hit of about $ 400 .
“ That 20 % is huge .
So I do n’t know financially if I ’ll have the means to leave at 55 , ” Remy said .
He cited a commonly heard theme here : that older workers should willingly step aside to free up jobs for young people , especially during a time of heavy unemployment .
A higher retirement age , many say , would undermine that .
But some analysts disagree .
“ It ’s not a simple zero - sum game , ” said Monika Queisser , who works on pension issues for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
“ Economies that grow and have a proper development and growth strategy create jobs for both young and old people . ”
Officials must also decide thorny issues of fairness :
Should a factory worker who uses dangerous equipment or performs arduous physical tasks be required to continue working until the same age as someone with a cushy desk job ?
Jean -Robert Creunet thinks not .
At 57 , he ’s spent his entire career in textile and furniture factories , working nightshifts for much of that time .
“ Now I really feel it .
Life expectancy has gone up — but in a wheelchair , ” he said derisively .
The fact that countries throughout Europe are facing similar issues and deciding to raise their retirement ages means nothing to him .
“ They can do what they want in other places .
We ’re in France , ” he said .
“ It ’s not a privilege .
It ’s a right . ”
henry.chu@latimes.com
Tom Hicks , the Texas private - equity and sports investor , said a dysfunctional management structure and favorable market led to Friday 's announcement that he and partner George Gillett will sell the English soccer club Liverpool .
The sale , which will be handled by Barclays Capital , would bring to an end a three - year tenure for Messrs .
Hicks and Gillett at the helm of one of the world 's most storied sports franchises , which has been dogged by financial pressures , a strained business partnership and a fractious relationship with ...
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 1 edit 1 recommendation FFH5 Premium Member Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN . »
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
I do n't think Obama ( BTW , he is the defendant & not Bush ) has to worry .
The court making this ruling is overturned on cases like this more often than not .
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
» en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al
··· undation
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
Krisnatharok
PC Builder , Gamer
Premium Member
join:2009-02-11
Earth Orbit Krisnatharok Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by FFH5 :
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN . »
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
» en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al
··· undation Priceless .
Karl Bode
News Guy
join:2000 -03-02 Karl Bode to FFH5
News Guy to FFH5
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
The Judge is " unconcerned " because this particular case was n't about the group ( which does n't technically exist any more ) , the case was about the United States government following the law when pursuing terrorists .
The Judge is " unconcerned " because this particular case was n't about the group ( which does n't technically exist any more ) , the case was about the United States government following the law when pursuing terrorists .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 1 edit 1 recommendation FFH5 Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by Karl Bode :
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
The Judge is " unconcerned " because this particular case was n't about the group ( which does n't technically exist any more ) , the case was about the United States government following the law when pursuing terrorists .
The Judge is " unconcerned " because this particular case was n't about the group ( which does n't technically exist any more ) , the case was about the United States government following the law when pursuing terrorists .
A review of this book :
»www.amazon.com/review/R3 ··· rdp_perm
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice and the safety of US citizens .
Practicality , in my view , should trump dogmatism when the stakes are great .
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : » www.amazon.com/Not-Suici ··· -6797265
A review of this book :
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice and the safety of US citizens .
Practicality , in my view , should trump dogmatism when the stakes are great .
The Limit
Premium Member
join:2007-09-25
Denver , CO 1 edit The Limit Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me
You talk about how we need less government regulation in the private sector , and now you say that the the law should be ignored in favor of national security ?
Really ?
Heh , in the interests of justice huh ?
When will you learn that whenever you give the government an inch , they will take a few miles ?
Why do n't you go back and review some World History ?
You will find that whenever said government becomes " too big to fall " , that fall occurs , it just takes some time for that to occur .
How about Rome for example ?
Or during the days of the USSR ?
Karl Bode
News Guy
join:2000 -03-02 Karl Bode to FFH5
News Guy to FFH5
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice .
Justice is relative , which is part of the reason we have laws .
Justice is relative , which is part of the reason we have laws .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by Karl Bode :
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice .
Justice is relative , which is part of the reason we have laws .
Justice is relative , which is part of the reason we have laws .
Laws are relative too - in both their interpretation and in their implementation .
BillRoland
Premium Member
join:2001-01-21
Ocala , FL BillRoland to FFH5
Premium Member to FFH5
said by FFH5 :
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : »
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : » www.amazon.com/Not-Suici ··· -6797265
I think our Founding Father 's would disagree profusely with that statement .
The Constitution is the surpreme law of the land ( in theory ) for a reason .
The Bill of Rights is included in there for a reason .
amigo_boy
join:2005 -07 - 22 amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by BillRoland :
said by FFH5 :
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : »
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : » www.amazon.com/Not-Suici ··· -6797265
I think our Founding Father 's would disagree profusely with that statement .
The Constitution is the surpreme law of the land ( in theory ) for a reason .
The Bill of Rights is included in there for a reason .
It 's easy to talk about how the Constitution is absolute .
But , in practice it leaves a lot of gray areas .
If that were n't true , we 'd just have one branch of government .
Mark But , put 20 people in a room and give them real - life examples , and suddenly you have 20 opinions of how the Constitution is intended to serve the people ( or , the people serve the Constitution . ) .
See my previous post
It 's easy to talk about how the Constitution is absolute .
But , in practice it leaves a lot of gray areas .
If that were n't true , we 'd just have one branch of government .
Mark
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 1 edit FFH5 Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by amigo_boy : said by BillRoland : said by FFH5 :
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : »
You should read this analysis of the constitution and the need to ignore it on occasion written by a Federal Appeals Judge : » www.amazon.com/Not-Suici ··· -6797265
I think our Founding Father 's would disagree profusely with that statement .
The Constitution is the surpreme law of the land ( in theory ) for a reason .
The Bill of Rights is included in there for a reason .
It 's easy to talk about how the Constitution is absolute .
But , in practice it leaves a lot of gray areas .
If that were n't true , we 'd just have one branch of government .
Mark
But , put 20 people in a room and give them real - life examples , and suddenly you have 20 opinions of how the Constitution is intended to serve the people ( or , the people serve the Constitution . ) .
See my previous post
It 's easy to talk about how the Constitution is absolute .
But , in practice it leaves a lot of gray areas .
If that were n't true , we 'd just have one branch of government .
Mark
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
I just do n't have the reverence some have for their ideals and archaic ideas .
Yes .
And the Constitution has been twisted and turned 100's of times since then by numerous SC judges and legislators ( AMENDMENTS ) .
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
I just do n't have the reverence some have for their ideals and archaic ideas .
amigo_boy
join:2005 -07 - 22 2 recommendations amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by FFH5 :
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
I just do n't have the reverence some have for their ideals and archaic ideas .
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
I just do n't have the reverence some have for their ideals and archaic ideas .
- The founders never believed their constitution would last 220 years .
They changed constitutions after just 12 years ( ditching the Articles of Confederation of 1776 for the Federal Constitution in 1789 ) .
Also , Jefferson said government should be changed every 20 years .
( " God forbid we go a generation with a revolution . " loose quotes ) .
- I believe we'd be better served by a parliamentary form of government .
A Constitutional Convention would be useful to bring that about .
A Congressional / Presidential system was intended for a participatory citizenry .
A " civic republic " of self - sufficient citizen - farmers who participate as citizen - senators and citizen - soldiers .
With most modern Americans working 8 hours a day for someone else , we would be seen as " share croppers " by the founding generation .
Today , most Americans do n't involve themselves in politics and social challenges .
Not until something goes too far .
Then they 're awoken to a reactionary movement , susceptible to demagoguery ( smiling promises of " hope and change , " or pitchforking crowds threatening insurrection ) .
A parliament moves accountability to political parties , not to the voter .
It makes the President ( PM ) accountable to Parliament ( led by a coalition of parties ) .
And , individual members to their party more than to their district ( the district 's citizenry voting mainly for the party and not the man ) .
I believe that kind of system would be more fitting to the citizenry we have today , who merely want to work for someone else , come home and copulate , and eat and relax their bowels .
I doubt that 's a popular message .
But , really , we are n't the society that the founders imagined ( and created a system of government for ) .
They were terrified of direct democracy even when citizens were more self - sufficient and capable of participation .
I think it would blow their minds that we have a nation of sharecroppers voting out of ignorance .
( Or , a majority not even voting because the whole thing looks hopelessly driven by demagogues . ) .
Mark I understand your point , but would word it differently out of respect for the institutions of government . -
The founders never believed their constitution would last 220 years .
They changed constitutions after just 12 years ( ditching the Articles of Confederation of 1776 for the Federal Constitution in 1789 ) .
Also , Jefferson said government should be changed every 20 years .
( " God forbid we go a generation with a revolution . " loose quotes ) .-
I believe we'd be better served by a parliamentary form of government .
A Constitutional Convention would be useful to bring that about .
A Congressional / Presidential system was intended for a participatory citizenry .
A " civic republic " of self - sufficient citizen - farmers who participate as citizen - senators and citizen - soldiers .
With most modern Americans working 8 hours a day for someone else , we would be seen as " share croppers " by the founding generation .
Today , most Americans do n't involve themselves in politics and social challenges .
Not until something goes too far .
Then they 're awoken to a reactionary movement , susceptible to demagoguery ( smiling promises of " hope and change , " or pitchforking crowds threatening insurrection ) .
A parliament moves accountability to political parties , not to the voter .
It makes the President ( PM ) accountable to Parliament ( led by a coalition of parties ) .
And , individual members to their party more than to their district ( the district 's citizenry voting mainly for the party and not the man ) .
I believe that kind of system would be more fitting to the citizenry we have today , who merely want to work for someone else , come home and copulate , and eat and relax their bowels .
I doubt that 's a popular message .
But , really , we are n't the society that the founders imagined ( and created a system of government for ) .
They were terrified of direct democracy even when citizens were more self - sufficient and capable of participation .
I think it would blow their minds that we have a nation of sharecroppers voting out of ignorance .
( Or , a majority not even voting because the whole thing looks hopelessly driven by demagogues . ) .
Mark
HunterZ
join:2003-07-16
Kent , WA HunterZ Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me Ugh , making political parties even stronger is not going to help anything when we have a two - party system .
amigo_boy
join:2005-07 -22 1 edit amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by HunterZ :
Ugh , making political parties even stronger is not going to help anything when we have a two - party system .
Ugh , making political parties even stronger is not going to help anything when we have a two - party system .
Something like that would eliminate 1 ) fear voting which prevents minority parties from having a modicum of representation , and 2 ) the costs associated with traditional runoff elections ( causing us to accept fear voting instead of runoffs ) .
Another example
But , I think a parliamentary system would make parties more consistent and answerable to the nation .
There would have more control over members , with members being less likely to pander to their constituency ( like , the ugly largess which was granted to Nebraska during recent healthcare reform ? ) .
To me , that 's the problem with our Presidential / Congressional form of government .
Individuals are too answerable to their particular electorate , place their electorate 's selfish needs above the nation's .
In " civic republicanism , " citizens were to put themselves above their own selfish needs and sacrifice for the " common good . "
Our society does n't have that kind prerequisite character because it does n't have the kind of self - sufficiency , responsibility , participation that was expected in an agrarian society of never - ending frontiers .
Mark I agree .
That 's a different problem , which could be solved by something like " instant runoff voting " as used in Australia Something like that would eliminate 1 ) fear voting which prevents minority parties from having a modicum of representation , and 2 ) the costs associated with traditional runoff elections ( causing us to accept fear voting instead of runoffs ) .
Another example here But , I think a parliamentary system would make parties more consistent and answerable to the nation .
There would have more control over members , with members being less likely to pander to their constituency ( like , the ugly largess which was granted to Nebraska during recent healthcare reform ? ) .
To me , that 's the problem with our Presidential / Congressional form of government .
Individuals are too answerable to their particular electorate , place their electorate 's selfish needs above the nation 's .
In " civic republicanism , " citizens were to put themselves above their own selfish needs and sacrifice for the " common good .
" Our society does n't have that kind prerequisite character because it does n't have the kind of self - sufficiency , responsibility , participation that was expected in an agrarian society of never - ending frontiers .
Mark
boog
Premium Member
join:2000-07-24
Trenton , OH boog Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me
The system was designed to run on a local system , not a national system .
Why would people in Maine want people in California to tell them what is good for them when they live on different sides of the Continent ?
We would probably be better served getting rid of earmarks , and 20,000 + page bills .
Say , legislators in the midwest got enough pull to force those in Arizona to have to follow daylight savings time .
It would be for the " common good " to save energy .
How many people in AZ would like that ?
The sun would be up longer in the evening , sure would be hot ...
amigo_boy
join:2005 -07 - 22 amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by boog :
The system was designed to run on a local system , not a national system .
The system was designed to run on a local system , not a national system .
That experiment of local , minimal government did n't work well .
They ditched a relatively libertarian system for the relatively gigantic federal system of 1789 .
I 'm sure they did n't imagine how far the nebulous " interstate commerce , " " ensure a republican form of government " and " general welfare " clauses would be extended .
But , neither did they imagine interstate communications , gasoline engines , industrial pollution or over - harvesting wildlife .
They lived in a world of never - ending frontiers .
Where our dependence upon each other did n't require as much balance and preservation .
If you wanted to withdraw from society , you could move to the frontier .
That 's not a reality any more .
Folks in Arizona are dependent upon Nevada , Utah and Colorado not to consume too much river water before it reaches us .
Folks in New York are dependent upon folks in the midwest not to over - farm their lands , leading to another dustbowl and famine .
It 's quaint to say everything should be local .
But , it 's not realistic .
It 's a childlike fantasy based upon times long gone .
Mark
That 's odd , considering the founding generation ditched the Articles of Confederation after just 12 years for a federal government with vastly more power .
That experiment of local , minimal government did n't work well .
They ditched a relatively libertarian system for the relatively gigantic federal system of 1789 .
I 'm sure they did n't imagine how far the nebulous " interstate commerce , " " ensure a republican form of government " and " general welfare " clauses would be extended .
But , neither did they imagine interstate communications , gasoline engines , industrial pollution or over - harvesting wildlife .
They lived in a world of never - ending frontiers .
Where our dependence upon each other did n't require as much balance and preservation .
If you wanted to withdraw from society , you could move to the frontier .
That 's not a reality any more .
Folks in Arizona are dependent upon Nevada , Utah and Colorado not to consume too much river water before it reaches us .
Folks in New York are dependent upon folks in the midwest not to over - farm their lands , leading to another dustbowl and famine .
It 's quaint to say everything should be local .
But , it 's not realistic .
It 's a childlike fantasy based upon times long gone .
Mark
coldmoon
Premium Member
join:2002-02-04
Fulton , NY coldmoon Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by amigo_boy :
It 's quaint to say everything should be local .
But , it 's not realistic .
It 's a childlike fantasy based upon times long gone .
Mark
It 's quaint to say everything should be local .
But , it 's not realistic .
It 's a childlike fantasy based upon times long gone .
Mark
So maybe the forefathers saw a little further than you might think , just not with HD clarity ...
Just a thought
Mike Problem is however , if the system breaks down or the disasters you allude to take place , the only resources you would be able to rely on with any confidence would be local .
So maybe the forefathers saw a little further than you might think , just not with HD clarity ... Just a thoughtMike
amigo_boy
join:2005 -07 -22 2 edits amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by coldmoon :
So maybe the forefathers saw a little further than you might think , just not with HD clarity ...
So maybe the forefathers saw a little further than you might think , just not with HD clarity ...
Using your logic , we should have no government at all .
No building codes .
No zoning laws .
Just rely on yourself ( to make all the right choices about which house you buy , or where ) because , if society breaks down , that 's all you can rely upon .
Societies are formed for the preservation of society .
Not with a goal to live like society will end at any moment .
You are right that the founding generation believed individuals would be more independent yet also more involved in the institutions of society .
That the citizenry would have a better character , called by Civic Republicanism as " civic virtue . "
Focused on what is called in Civic Republicanism " the common good . "
Civic Republicanism is based upon citizens who are self - sufficient farmers , capable of serving as senators , yet retreating to their lands if government becomes tyrannical .
A system which emphasizes preserving a government that protects their rights , as much as it emphasizes protecting the rights of individuals .
Individuals accomplishing this balancing act by subordinating their rights for the " common good . "
A sign of " civic virtue . "
A recognition that the protection of our rights depends upon the survival of society .
A society which may not always be perfect , and requires subordination of one 's own selfish interests for the long - term health of society ( which is the health of the individual ) .
That 's a nice ideology .
But , it was n't realistic .
It was based upon never - ending frontiers ( expanding borders at the expense of others who that land belonged to ) .
It did n't foresee an industrial world where the majority work 1/3 of their lives for someone else .
( Civic Republicans would call such workers " sharecroppers . "
An undesirable state for true citizens . ) .
Even Thomas Paine saw this .
He was a leading advocate of " small government " during the founding .
By 1795 he saw how agrarianism ( self - sufficiency ) was n't working .
That citizens were specializing into trades , becoming dependent upon each other ( unlike the self - sufficient farmer ) .
And , how this was economically necessary .
As a result , he proposed this nation 's first Social Security program in 1797 as a way to redistribute this nation 's landed and finite resources .
He saw the nation 's land as a political resource to accomplish Civic Republicanism ( a self - sufficient citizenry , civic virtue ) .
But , as citizens specialized ( one person farming , one person making chairs to sell to the farmer ) , it gave the primary benefit of the nation 's land resource to only one segment of society .
Making everyone else ( in non-agrarian trades ) dependent upon those who are self - sufficient ( acquired at the expense of the politic ) .
Regarding those who were not landed agrarians , Paine wrote : quote :
In advocating the case of the persons thus dispossessed , it is a right , and not a charity . . . [ Government must ] create a national fund , out of which there shall be paid to every person , when arrived at the age of twenty - one years , the sum of fifteen pounds sterling , as a compensation in part , for the loss of his or her natural inheritance , by the introduction of the system of landed property .
And also , the sum of ten pounds per annum , during life , to every person now living , of the age of fifty years , and to all others as they shall arrive at that age .
-- »www.thomaspaine.org/Arch
··· jst.html
That was 1795 .
It 's wrong to say the founders were stoic , rugged individualists .
Civic Republicanism was a strange blend of individualism and communism .
Promoting civic virtue in the individual through compulsory service ( coercion , which is antithetical to libertarianism ) for the " common good " ( which translates into the good of the individual ) .
Our " connectedness " and dependence upon each other was a huge part of the founding generation 's view .
But , it was n't sustainable in the form they envisioned .
We could give Civic Republicanism modern meaning by
1. Reinstitute the militia .
Not the independent , self - styled " militias . "
But , the compulsory , universal - participation , state militias .
The militia served a larger purpose than opposing bad government .
It was a place for individuals of diverse backgrounds and class to deliberate on what constitutes bad government .
To see " bad " from various perspectives and understand what is " common good . "
2. Institute a form of workplace democracy .
Not labor and management trying to get the most from each other .
But , a framework that promotes ownership across labor and management .
The loss of never - ending frontiers and free land for every citizen to be self - sufficient was a huge blow to the goals of Civic Republicanism .
The founders would call today 's generation " share croppers , " working for someone else , entirely dependent upon the resources / property of someone else to meet their day - to - day needs .
Promoting greater ownership across the corporation ( a socially - created entity which business owners voluntarily choose to operate under ) might help instill independence and self - sufficiency which the founders envisioned ( made possible by society , and to promote a better society ) .
Mark
If that were true they would have remained with the limited - government Articles of Confederation .
Instead , they were n't happy with how that worked for 12 years and created a more powerful , centralized and remote government .
Using your logic , we should have no government at all .
No building codes .
No zoning laws .
Just rely on yourself ( to make all the right choices about which house you buy , or where ) because , if society breaks down , that 's all you can rely upon .
Societies are formed for the preservation of society .
Not with a goal to live like society will end at any moment .
You are right that the founding generation believed individuals would be more independent yet also more involved in the institutions of society .
That the citizenry would have a better character , called by Civic Republicanism as " civic virtue . "
Focused on what is called in Civic Republicanism " the common good .
" Civic Republicanism is based upon citizens who are self - sufficient farmers , capable of serving as senators , yet retreating to their lands if government becomes tyrannical .
A system which emphasizes preserving a government that protects their rights , as much as it emphasizes protecting the rights of individuals .
Individuals accomplishing this balancing act by subordinating their rights for the " common good . "
A sign of " civic virtue . "
A recognition that the protection of our rights depends upon the survival of society .
A society which may not always be perfect , and requires subordination of one 's own selfish interests for the long - term health of society ( which is the health of the individual ) .
That 's a nice ideology .
But , it was n't realistic .
It was based upon never - ending frontiers ( expanding borders at the expense of others who that land belonged to ) .
It did n't foresee an industrial world where the majority work 1/3 of their lives for someone else .
( Civic Republicans would call such workers " sharecroppers . "
An undesirable state for true citizens . ) .
Even Thomas Paine saw this .
He was a leading advocate of " small government " during the founding .
By 1795 he saw how agrarianism ( self - sufficiency ) was n't working .
That citizens were specializing into trades , becoming dependent upon each other ( unlike the self - sufficient farmer ) .
And , how this was economically necessary .
As a result , he proposed this nation 's first Social Security program in 1797 as a way to redistribute this nation 's landed and finite resources .
He saw the nation 's land as a political resource to accomplish Civic Republicanism ( a self - sufficient citizenry , civic virtue ) .
But , as citizens specialized ( one person farming , one person making chairs to sell to the farmer ) , it gave the primary benefit of the nation 's land resource to only one segment of society .
Making everyone else ( in non-agrarian trades ) dependent upon those who are self - sufficient ( acquired at the expense of the politic ) .
Regarding those who were not landed agrarians , Paine wrote : That was 1795 .
It 's wrong to say the founders were stoic , rugged individualists .
Civic Republicanism was a strange blend of individualism and communism .
Promoting civic virtue in the individual through compulsory service ( coercion , which is antithetical to libertarianism ) for the " common good " ( which translates into the good of the individual ) .
Our " connectedness " and dependence upon each other was a huge part of the founding generation 's view .
But , it was n't sustainable in the form they envisioned .
We could give Civic Republicanism modern meaning by1 .
Reinstitute the militia .
Not the independent , self - styled " militias . "
But , the compulsory , universal - participation , state militias .
The militia served a larger purpose than opposing bad government .
It was a place for individuals of diverse backgrounds and class to deliberate on what constitutes bad government .
To see " bad " from various perspectives and understand what is " common good .
" 2. Institute a form of workplace democracy .
Not labor and management trying to get the most from each other .
But , a framework that promotes ownership across labor and management .
The loss of never - ending frontiers and free land for every citizen to be self - sufficient was a huge blow to the goals of Civic Republicanism .
The founders would call today 's generation " share croppers , " working for someone else , entirely dependent upon the resources / property of someone else to meet their day - to - day needs .
Promoting greater ownership across the corporation ( a socially - created entity which business owners voluntarily choose to operate under ) might help instill independence and self - sufficiency which the founders envisioned ( made possible by society , and to promote a better society ) .
Mark
bent
and Inga
Premium Member
join:2004-10-04
Loveland , CO bent to FFH5
Premium Member to FFH5
said by FFH5 :
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
The Founding Fathers and the constitution they crafted have almost zero relevance to today .
They were upper class land owners and merchants that did n't like British taxes and they convinced the lower classes of the time to do most of the fighting and dying for them .
And that 's not relevant how ?
Strike the word " British " and replace it with " American " and you 'd hard pressed to pin down the era of American government you were talking about .
amigo_boy
join:2005-07 -22 1 edit 1 recommendation amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by bent :
Strike the word " British " and replace it with " American " and you 'd hard pressed to pin down the era of American government you were talking about .
Strike the word " British " and replace it with " American " and you 'd hard pressed to pin down the era of American government you were talking about .
Exactly ten years after the revolution a group of men tried to use the argument you 're making .
They rebelled against heavy taxes using rhetoric from a decade earlier .
The population was horrified .
Shay 's Rebellion is considered the single largest contributor to the dissolution of the Articles of Confederation ( a relatively libertarian form of government ) and popular push for the relatively gigantic Federal / constitutional government of 1789 .
Mark
That 's not true .
The founding generation was unhappy with taxes originating from a legislature they did n't elect ( in Britain , not the colonies ) .
Thus " taxation without representation .
" Exactly ten years after the revolution a group of men tried to use the argument you 're making .
They rebelled against heavy taxes using rhetoric from a decade earlier .
The population was horrified .
Shay 's Rebellion is considered the single largest contributor to the dissolution of the Articles of Confederation ( a relatively libertarian form of government ) and popular push for the relatively gigantic Federal / constitutional government of 1789 .
Mark
KrK
Heavy Artillery For The Little Guy
Premium Member
join:2000-01-17
Tulsa , OK Netgear WNDR3700v2
Zoom 5341J
KrK to FFH5
Premium Member to FFH5
It matters not to the case .
The Government just slipped up by proving they had been acting illegally .
As for your comment about the Law , I 'm sure almost all fringe groups and terrorist cells would agree with you .
Their ideas of what 's right and wrong is much more important then pesky laws , which is why it 's ok to break them .
NormanS
I gave her time to steal my mind away
MVM
join:2001-02-14
San Jose , CA TP - Link TD - 8616
Asus RT - AC66U B1
Netgear FR114P
NormanS to FFH5
MVM to FFH5
said by FFH5 :
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice and the safety of US citizens .
Practicality , in my view , should trump dogmatism when the stakes are great .
My thoughts are that sometimes " The Law " has to be ignored in the interests of justice and the safety of US citizens .
Practicality , in my view , should trump dogmatism when the stakes are great .
Great .
Why even bother having a law , then ?
Let 's do away with the U.S. Constitution , because it is designed to hobble the government .
We need protection from the terrorists more than from our " Godvernment " , after all !
WernerSchutz
join:2009-08-04
Sugar Land , TX 1 edit WernerSchutz to FFH5
Member to FFH5
said by FFH5 :
I do n't think Obama (
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN . »
I do n't think Obama ( BTW , he is the defendant & not Bush ) has to worry .
The court making this ruling is overturned on cases like this more often than not .
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
» en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al
··· undation
»www.uscrusade.com/forum/ ··· ead/1372
A list of UN Resolutions against " Israel " 1955 - 1992 : *
Resolution 106 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for Gaza raid " . *
Resolution 111 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for raid on Syria that killed fifty - six people " .
* Resolution 127 : " . . . ' recommends ' Israel suspends it 's ' no - man 's zone ' in Jerusalem " . *
Resolution 162 : " . . . ' urges ' Israel to comply with UN decisions " .
*
Resolution 171 : " . . . determines flagrant violations ' by Israel in its attack on Syria " .
Resolution 228 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for its attack on Samu in the West Bank , then under Jordanian control " . *
Resolution 237 : " . . . ' urges ' Israel to allow return of new 1967 Palestinian refugees " .
Resolution 248 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for its massive attack on Karameh in Jordan " . *
Resolution 250 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to refrain from holding military parade in Jerusalem " . *
Resolution 251 : " . . . ' deeply deplores ' Israeli military parade in Jerusalem in defiance of Resolution 250 " . *
Resolution 252 : " . . . ' declares invalid ' Israel 's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital " . *
Resolution 256 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli raids on Jordan as ' flagrant violation " .
* Resolution 259 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to accept UN mission to probe occupation " . *
Resolution 262 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for attack on Beirut airport " . *
Resolution 265 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for air attacks for Salt in Jordan " .
* Resolution 267 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for administrative acts to change the status of Jerusalem " . *
Resolution 270 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for air attacks on villages in southern Lebanon " . *
Resolution 271 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel 's failure to obey UN resolutions on Jerusalem " . *
Resolution 279 : " . . . ' demands ' withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 280 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli's attacks against Lebanon " . *
Resolution 285 : " . . . ' demands ' immediate Israeli withdrawal form Lebanon " .
* Resolution 298 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's changing of the status of Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 313 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel stop attacks against Lebanon " .
* Resolution 316 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for repeated attacks on Lebanon " .
* Resolution 317 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to release Arabs abducted in Lebanon " . *
Resolution 332 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel 's repeated attacks against Lebanon " .
* Resolution 337 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for violating Lebanon 's sovereignty " .
* Resolution 347 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli attacks on Lebanon " . *
Resolution 425 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 427 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to complete its withdrawal from Lebanon .
* Resolution 444 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's lack of cooperation with UN peacekeeping forces " . *
Resolution 446 : " . . . ' determines ' that Israeli settlements are a ' serious obstruction ' to peace and calls on Israel to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention " . *
Resolution 450 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to stop attacking Lebanon " . *
Resolution 452 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to cease building settlements in occupied territories " .
*
Resolution 465 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's settlements and asks all member states not to assist Israel 's settlements program " . *
Resolution 467 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's military intervention in Lebanon " .
* Resolution 468 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to rescind illegal expulsions of two Palestinian mayors and a judge and to facilitate their return " . *
Resolution 469 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's failure to observe the council 's order not to deport Palestinians " .
*
Resolution 471 : " . . . ' expresses deep concern ' at Israel 's failure to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention " . *
Resolution 476 : " . . . ' reiterates ' that Israel 's claim to Jerusalem are ' null and void ' " .
* Resolution 478 : " . . . ' censures ( Israel ) in the strongest terms ' for its claim to Jerusalem in its ' Basic Law ' " . *
Resolution 484 : " . . . ' declares it imperative ' that Israel re- admit two deported Palestinian mayors " . *
Resolution 487 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel for its attack on Iraq 's nuclear facility " . *
Resolution 497 : " . . . ' decides ' that Israel 's annexation of Syria 's Golan Heights is ' null and void ' and demands that Israel rescinds its decision forthwith " . *
Resolution 498 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to withdraw from Lebanon " . *
Resolution 501 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to stop attacks against Lebanon and withdraw its troops " . *
Resolution 509 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel withdraw its forces forthwith and unconditionally from Lebanon " . *
Resolution 515 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel lift its siege of Beirut and allow food supplies to be brought in " . *
Resolution 517 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for failing to obey UN resolutions and demands that Israel withdraw its forces from Lebanon " . *
Resolution 518 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel cooperate fully with UN forces in Lebanon " . *
Resolution 520 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel 's attack into West Beirut " . *
Resolution 573 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel ' vigorously ' for bombing Tunisia in attack on PLO headquarters . *
Resolution 587 : " . . . ' takes note ' of previous calls on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon and urges all parties to withdraw " . *
Resolution 592 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' the killing of Palestinian students at Bir Zeit University by Israeli troops " . *
Resolution 605 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's policies and practices denying the human rights of Palestinians . *
Resolution 607 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel not to deport Palestinians and strongly requests it to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention . *
Resolution 608 : " . . . ' deeply regrets ' that Israel has defied the United Nations and deported Palestinian civilians " . *
Resolution 636 : " . . . ' deeply regrets ' Israeli deportation of Palestinian civilians .
* Resolution 641 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's continuing deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 672 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for violence against Palestinians at the Haram al - Sharif / Temple Mount . *
Resolution 673 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to cooperate with the United Nations .
Resolution 681 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's resumption of the deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 694 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's deportation of Palestinians and calls on it to ensure their safe and immediate return . *
Resolution 726 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel 's deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 799 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel 's deportation of 413 Palestinians and calls for there immediate return .
Should we also then not care about UN 's resolutions against Israel ?
oh , wait , in that case , we do n't , for some strange reason .
A list of UN Resolutions against " Israel " 1955 - 1992 : * Resolution 106 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for Gaza raid " .
* Resolution 111 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for raid on Syria that killed fifty - six people " .
* Resolution 127 : " . . . ' recommends ' Israel suspends it 's ' no - man 's zone ' in Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 162 : " . . . ' urges ' Israel to comply with UN decisions " .
* Resolution 171 : " . . . determines flagrant violations ' by Israel in its attack on Syria " .
Resolution 228 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for its attack on Samu in the West Bank , then under Jordanian control " .
* Resolution 237 : " . . . ' urges ' Israel to allow return of new 1967 Palestinian refugees " .
Resolution 248 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for its massive attack on Karameh in Jordan " .
* Resolution 250 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to refrain from holding military parade in Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 251 : " . . . ' deeply deplores ' Israeli military parade in Jerusalem in defiance of Resolution 250 " .
* Resolution 252 : " . . . ' declares invalid ' Israel 's acts to unify Jerusalem as Jewish capital " .
* Resolution 256 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli raids on Jordan as ' flagrant violation " .
* Resolution 259 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to accept UN mission to probe occupation " .
* Resolution 262 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for attack on Beirut airport " .
* Resolution 265 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for air attacks for Salt in Jordan " .
* Resolution 267 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for administrative acts to change the status of Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 270 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for air attacks on villages in southern Lebanon " .
* Resolution 271 : " . . . ' condemns '
Israel 's failure to obey UN resolutions on Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 279 : " . . . ' demands ' withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 280 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli's attacks against Lebanon " .
* Resolution 285 : " . . . ' demands ' immediate Israeli withdrawal form Lebanon " .
* Resolution 298 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's changing of the status of Jerusalem " .
* Resolution 313 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel stop attacks against Lebanon " .
* Resolution 316 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for repeated attacks on Lebanon " .
* Resolution 317 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to release Arabs abducted in Lebanon " .
* Resolution 332 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel 's repeated attacks against Lebanon " .
* Resolution 337 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for violating Lebanon 's sovereignty " .
* Resolution 347 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israeli attacks on Lebanon " .
* Resolution 425 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 427 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to complete its withdrawal from Lebanon .
* Resolution 444 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's lack of cooperation with UN peacekeeping forces " .
* Resolution 446 : " . . . ' determines ' that Israeli settlements are a ' serious obstruction ' to peace and calls on Israel to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention " .
* Resolution 450 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to stop attacking Lebanon " .
* Resolution 452 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to cease building settlements in occupied territories " .
* Resolution 465 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's settlements and asks all member states not to assist Israel 's settlements program " .
* Resolution 467 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's military intervention in Lebanon " .
* Resolution 468 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to rescind illegal expulsions of two Palestinian mayors and a judge and to facilitate their return " .
* Resolution 469 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's failure to observe the council 's order not to deport Palestinians " .
* Resolution 471 : " . . . ' expresses deep concern ' at Israel 's failure to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention " .
* Resolution 476 : " . . . ' reiterates ' that Israel 's claim to Jerusalem are ' null and void ' " .
* Resolution 478 : " . . . ' censures ( Israel ) in the strongest terms ' for its claim to Jerusalem in its ' Basic Law ' " .
* Resolution 484 : " . . . ' declares it imperative ' that Israel re- admit two deported Palestinian mayors " .
* Resolution 487 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel for its attack on Iraq 's nuclear facility " .
* Resolution 497 : " . . . ' decides ' that Israel 's annexation of Syria 's Golan Heights is ' null and void ' and demands that Israel rescinds its decision forthwith " .
* Resolution 498 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to withdraw from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 501 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel to stop attacks against Lebanon and withdraw its troops " .
* Resolution 509 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel withdraw its forces forthwith and unconditionally from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 515 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel lift its siege of Beirut and allow food supplies to be brought in " .
* Resolution 517 : " . . . ' censures ' Israel for failing to obey UN resolutions and demands that Israel withdraw its forces from Lebanon " .
* Resolution 518 : " . . . ' demands ' that Israel cooperate fully with UN forces in Lebanon " .
* Resolution 520 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel 's attack into West Beirut " .
* Resolution 573 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel ' vigorously ' for bombing Tunisia in attack on PLO headquarters .
* Resolution 587 : " . . . ' takes note ' of previous calls on Israel to withdraw its forces from Lebanon and urges all parties to withdraw " .
* Resolution 592 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' the killing of Palestinian students at Bir Zeit University by Israeli troops " .
* Resolution 605 : " . . . ' strongly deplores ' Israel 's policies and practices denying the human rights of Palestinians .
* Resolution 607 : " . . . ' calls ' on Israel not to deport Palestinians and strongly requests it to abide by the Fourth Geneva Convention .
* Resolution 608 : " . . . ' deeply regrets ' that Israel has defied the United Nations and deported Palestinian civilians " .
* Resolution 636 : " . . . ' deeply regrets ' Israeli deportation of Palestinian civilians .
* Resolution 641 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's continuing deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 672 : " . . . ' condemns ' Israel for violence against Palestinians at the Haram al - Sharif / Temple Mount .
* Resolution 673 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's refusal to cooperate with the United Nations .
Resolution 681 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's resumption of the deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 694 : " . . . ' deplores ' Israel 's deportation of Palestinians and calls on it to ensure their safe and immediate return .
* Resolution 726 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel 's deportation of Palestinians .
* Resolution 799 : " . . . ' strongly condemns ' Israel 's deportation of 413 Palestinians and calls for there immediate return .
woody7
Premium Member
join:2000 -10-13
Torrance , CA 1 recommendation woody7 Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me Is n't that a little OT ?
WernerSchutz
join:2009-08-04
Sugar Land , TX 2 edits 1 recommendation WernerSchutz Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by woody7 :
Is n't that a little OT ?
Is n't that a little OT ?
No , because that is why we got hit on 9/11 and many Americans died on that terrible day : our support for Israel .
Let them deal with their problems for the last 2000 years .
No more Americans need die for a war that is not ours , nor our fault !
wifi4milez
Big Russ , 1918 to 2008 .
Rest in Peace
join:2004-08-07
New York , NY 1 recommendation wifi4milez Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by WernerSchutz :
No , because that is why we got hit on 9/11 and many Americans died on that terrible day : our support for Israel .
Let them deal with their problems for the last 2000 years .
No , because that is why we got hit on 9/11 and many Americans died on that terrible day : our support for Israel .
Let them deal with their problems for the last 2000 years .
That 's not only incorrect , but totally ignorant .
I should also add that its one of the excuses terrorists use when trying to justify their evil ways .
Without Israel the middle east would be an even bigger cesspool of violence and terrorism than it already is .
In addition , terrorist nation states would attempt to assert control over the entire region , and then eventually surrounding regions .
This would in turn cause a war of epic proportions , perhaps rivaling that of WW2 .
The fact that Israel has no qualms about turning their enemies into radioactive glass is the very reason there is a semblance of peace in the middle east .
amigo_boy
join:2005 -07 - 22 1 recommendation amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by wifi4milez :
I should also add that its one of the excuses terrorists use when trying to justify their evil ways .
I should also add that its one of the excuses terrorists use when trying to justify their evil ways .
He was told to keep his check .
The real irony is that Saudi Arabia is n't a self - determined state .
The indiginous inhabitants of the area were made subjects to the Ali Hussein family after WW I by the British .
The Saudi family attacked the Husseinis , forcing them out .
The British did nothing even though , if anyone deserved the region it was the Hussenis because they fought against the Turks with the British .
The British paid the Saudis to help , and they did virtually nothing .
Now you have a royal family reaping the rewards of the land 's natural resources , imposing its rule ( without democracy ) .
And they want to lecture us about our support for the " injustice " in Palestine .
I use quotation marks ( " injustice " ) to highlight the irony of how all these Middle Eastern dictators and ruling families came into being at the expense of the people they deny democracy to .
And , how all the oppressed in that region are fixated on Israel 's injustice .
It 's just hard to take their complaints seriously when they 're so complacent about their own injustice .
( Saddam killed far more Muslims than Israel has . ) .
I 'm not trying to minimize how unjust it really was to give land to foreigners .
Just that , within context it 's no more unjust than the example set in the entire region .
And , based upon the deafening silence about the surrounding region , apparently not too unjust .
Mark Remember the Saudi prince who wanted to give a huge check to New York after 9/11 , but had a condition :
He wanted to speak to the city and say the attack was due to our support for Israel .
He was told to keep his check .
The real irony is that Saudi Arabia is n't a self - determined state .
The indiginous inhabitants of the area were made subjects to the Ali Hussein family after WW I by the British .
The Saudi family attacked the Husseinis , forcing them out .
The British did nothing even though , if anyone deserved the region it was the Hussenis because they fought against the Turks with the British .
The British paid the Saudis to help , and they did virtually nothing .
Now you have a royal family reaping the rewards of the land 's natural resources , imposing its rule ( without democracy ) .
And they want to lecture us about our support for the " injustice " in Palestine .
I use quotation marks ( " injustice " ) to highlight the irony of how all these Middle Eastern dictators and ruling families came into being at the expense of the people they deny democracy to .
And , how all the oppressed in that region are fixated on Israel 's injustice .
It 's just hard to take their complaints seriously when they 're so complacent about their own injustice .
( Saddam killed far more Muslims than Israel has . ) .
I'm not trying to minimize how unjust it really was to give land to foreigners .
Just that , within context it 's no more unjust than the example set in the entire region .
And , based upon the deafening silence about the surrounding region , apparently not too unjust .
Mark
your moderator at work hidden : Personal attacks
amigo_boy amigo_boy to WernerSchutz
Member to WernerSchutz
said by WernerSchutz :
Should we also then not care about UN 's resolutions ...
Should we also then not care about UN 's resolutions ...
People with the worldview you exhibit usually rave about the UN being antithetical to US interests .
It 's always amusing to see them invoking the UN when it suits them .
Mark
Are you saying you support the UN ?
Or , are you only selectively relying on them ?
People with the worldview you exhibit usually rave about the UN being antithetical to US interests .
It 's always amusing to see them invoking the UN when it suits them .
Mark
amigo_boy amigo_boy Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by WernerSchutz :
said by amigo_boy :
said by WernerSchutz :
Should we also then not care about UN 's resolutions ...
Should we also then not care about UN 's resolutions ...
People with the worldview you exhibit usually rave about the UN being antithetical to US interests .
It 's always amusing to see them invoking the UN when it suits them .
Mark
Are you saying you support the UN ?
Or , are you only selectively relying on them ?
People with the worldview you exhibit usually rave about the UN being antithetical to US interests .
It 's always amusing to see them invoking the UN when it suits them .
Mark
People like you are usually the lackeys of corrupt totalitarian governments and are considered the filth of history .
Is it as inconvenient to you as historical context ?
Mark I notice you did n't answer the question .
Is it as inconvenient to you as historical context ?
Mark
WernerSchutz
join:2009-08-04
Sugar Land , TX 2 edits WernerSchutz Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by amigo_boy :
I notice you did n't answer the question .
Is it as inconvenient to you as historical context ?
Mark
I notice you did n't answer the question .
Is it as inconvenient to you as historical context ?
Mark
It is either one way or the other .
I would much rather have an isolationist policy and less assholes that have been reviled by history fight each other to the end of time without Americans dying for corrupt politicians being bribed so we get involved in a fight that is not ours .
I do not want the same horror that happened in Germany to sweep this country and many Jews to die when the people here will wake up and take their revenge on innocent ones for the crimes of some Zionist pieces of shit using the Holocaust to justify their crimes of our days .
Is that clear enough for you ?
I believe the US is a sovereign nation and am not fond of the UN dictating policy .
But it is hypocritical to whine about the UN declaring some criminal Arab org .
and then ignore a ton of other resolutions against a state that engages in genocide .
It is either one way or the other .
I would much rather have an isolationist policy and less assholes that have been reviled by history fight each other to the end of time without Americans dying for corrupt politicians being bribed so we get involved in a fight that is not ours .
I do not want the same horror that happened in Germany to sweep this country and many Jews to die when the people here will wake up and take their revenge on innocent ones for the crimes of some Zionist pieces of shit using the Holocaust to justify their crimes of our days .
Is that clear enough for you ?
8744675
join:2000 -10 - 10
Decatur , GA 8744675 to FFH5
Member to FFH5
I dunno on this one .
The court essentially called the government liars and nearly sanctioned them for contempt of court for failing to abide by court orders .
They really pissed off the judge , who used some pretty strong language against the NSA in his ruling .
" Instead , defendants have interposed three arguments
intended to undermine plaintiffs  claim for relief .
All three
arguments lack merit . "
" In an impressive display of argumentative acrobatics ,
defendants contend , ... "
" In so contending , defendants take a flying leap
and miss by a wide margin . "
" defendants could readily have availed themselves of the courts processes to present a single , case - dispositive item of evidence at one of a number of stages of this multi- year litigation : a FISA warrant .
They never did so ... "
" Defendants  third argument is essentially to quarrel with
the courts finding that plaintiffs have made out a prima facie
case of electronic surveillance "
Methadras
join:2004-05-26
Spring Valley , CA Methadras to FFH5
Member to FFH5
said by FFH5 :
I do n't think Obama (
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN . »
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
I do n't think Obama ( BTW , he is the defendant & not Bush ) has to worry .
The court making this ruling is overturned on cases like this more often than not .
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
» en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al
··· undation
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
CAIR has also been proven to be a terrorist front , but it appears they get to skate .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ FFH5 Premium Member Re : Proven terrorist organization spied on - OK by me said by Methadras : said by FFH5 :
I do n't think Obama (
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN . »
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
I do n't think Obama ( BTW , he is the defendant & not Bush ) has to worry .
The court making this ruling is overturned on cases like this more often than not .
And , of course , the judge seems unconcerned that this organization was a proven terrorist front organization embargoed worldwide by the UN .
» en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al
··· undation
The two lawyers were listened in to because they were talking to the terrorist organization .
CAIR has also been proven to be a terrorist front , but it appears they get to skate .
Not if I was running the NSA .
gorehound
join:2009-06-19
Portland , ME gorehound to FFH5
Member to FFH5
I would love to know if I was spied on for no reason at all .
I am glad of the ruling .
OldschoolDSL
Premium Member
join:2006-02-23
Indian Orchard , MA 1 edit 1 recommendation OldschoolDSL Premium Member
It was illegal I understand there will be many people who will defend what was done , but once we open to door for illegal wire tapping of any kind ....
When will it end ?
When answering that question ...
Please point out any recent time when something was freely given ( rights ) and then undone .
You can't , cause we like to add and not subtract .
MyDogHsFleas
Premium Member
join:2007-08-15
Austin , TX MyDogHsFleas Premium Member
It 'll be overturned on appeal Watch and see .
Krisnatharok
PC Builder , Gamer
Premium Member
join:2009-02-11
Earth Orbit 1 edit Krisnatharok Premium Member Fanboy Response
»old.nationalreview.com / m ··· 0715.asp
Let 's talk until we 're blue in the face about the abstruse legalities of warrantless wiretapping .
Have the courts repeatedly recognized the president 's constitutional power to conduct warrantless wiretapping ?
Does the president have the power regardless of whether the courts acknowledge it ?
Can Congress , by passing a statute like FISA , limit the president 's commander - in - chief prerogatives ?
Is FISA unconstitutional , at least at the margins ?
Is FISA , in any event , too bureaucratically sclerotic to combat a nimble foe like al Qaeda ?
Could the administration have avoided controversy by asking Congress to amend FISA ?
Or by using FISA 's provision for retroactive judicial approval within 72 hours of emergency eavesdropping ?
But the exhaustion of these questions , in the self - conscious pomp of serious discussion , must n't obscure what is really going on here .
This , plain and simple , is a political game of " Gotcha ! "
Played with our national security  played with the lives of the innocent .
For serious people , wartime decisions are sober , often excruciating choices between liberty and security .
But for those not invested in America 's victory over our highly motivated , highly committed enemies , they can be spun into high crimes no matter which choices are made .
And for those whose agenda , far from victory , is vengeance for the Clinton impeachment , they will continue to be spun just that way until that beloved " Mission Accomplished " banner is draped , finally , over the remains of the Bush presidency .
Not really , but a good counter - point , I think , to the " omg the gov't broke the law " perspective .
I do n't believe the issue to be settled , and that a more deeply - seated disagreement between the Executive and Judicial branches is only beginning to brew .
33358088 ( banned )
join:2008-09-23 33358088 ( banned )
Member ok i didnt read it all BUT
IF ITS YOU OR me or the AT&T crap its ok , BUT DONT MESS WITH LAWYERS MAN they help the copyrights
and you htink its gonna get better look at this tech dirt link and its NOT an april fools joke .
the original article was posted 2 days ago
COPYRIGHT FOR HOMES NOW
Developers Trying To Treat Houses Like Copyright ; Want A Cut Of Every Future Resale
»www.techdirt.com/article ··· 18.shtml
read the comments and enjoy where reality is going
thank you mister actor , thank you mister musician and thank you bribed govt YOUR ALL SHIT HEADS as soonas i saw it wasnt about real people it was lawyers i began to realize why the ruling was as is .
IF ITS YOU OR me or the AT&T crap its ok , BUT DONT MESS WITH LAWYERS MAN they help the copyrightsand you htink its gonna get better look at this tech dirt link and its NOT an april fools joke .
the original article was posted 2 days agoCOPYRIGHT FOR HOMES NOWDevelopers Trying To Treat Houses Like Copyright ; Want A Cut Of Every Future Resaleread the comments and enjoy where reality is goingthank you mister actor , thank you mister musician and thank you bribed govt YOUR ALL SHIT HEADS
Bill Neilson
Premium Member
join:2009-07-08
Alexandria , VA Bill Neilson Premium Member
I have never had a real problem with wiretapping as long as it stuck strictly with terrorism activities
But I just do n't trust our government with these tapes .
I can see this slowly turning from terrorism activities to other activities that are not as high - priority as terrorism .
The Helpful1
Premium Member
join:2002-01-11
Upper Marlboro , MD The Helpful1 Premium Member Re : I have never had a real problem with wiretapping
The problem there is who defines what terrorism is ?
A slippery slope when we could define it as anyone who doesnt have America 's best interests in mind or let it rest on the whim of one person ( i.e. the president ) .
Search " The Enemy Belligerent , Interrogation , Detention , and Prosecution Act of 2010 "
Camaro
Question everything
Premium Member
join:2008-04-05
Westfield , MA Camaro Premium Member Does n't matter if anything is overturned , all i care about is this issiue is on the front pages again , and i want it to stay there for as long as possible because hopefully enough people will keep on reading this story and get pissed off enough to finally say " this is my country and i am sick of the path this great country has taken since 9 - 11 " .
ChuckDeuce
join:2010-02-04
San Francisco , CA ChuckDeuce Member
Do we really need this ?
The NSA broke the law .
Period .
But has anyone thought to ask the Judge , " What 'cha gonna do about it ?
They 're the NSA ... they know where you live and know how many sets of batteries , know where you shop , and know about that mistress on the side .
If not now , they will before the end of the day . "
deadzoned
Premium Member
join:2005-04-13
Cypress , TX deadzoned Premium Member 3 Times Maybe third times a charm ?
It could happen ...
LowRider
join:2006-06-23
Dallas , GA LowRider Member
Here 's some sense
Why not allow the gov to spy on non citizens instead .
After all the Constitution was created for Americans not foreigners .
We could pass a law saying we will spy on you and you are only guaranteed basic rights .
Let 's face it the gov was spying on everyone not just who they thought needed spying on .
Obama is just as guilty as Bush after all he signed to let this go on and not stop it .
He renewed some parts of it .
By the way the war over seas means squat in protecting us here , ever walk into Mexico ?
I have and was n't stopped Are borers are wide open .
The Federal gov wo n't even put troops where they count , the borders .
Canada is just as bad .
The next 9 - 11 is coming it 's just a matter of time .
With no border patrol were back at square one one .
Seize up the borders and protect us .
Methadras
join:2004-05-26
Spring Valley , CA Methadras Member Re : Here 's some sense said by LowRider :
Why not allow the gov to spy on non citizens instead .
After all the Constitution was created for Americans not foreigners .
We could pass a law saying we will spy on you and you are only guaranteed basic rights .
Let 's face it the gov was spying on everyone not just who they thought needed spying on .
Obama is just as guilty as Bush after all he signed to let this go on and not stop it .
He renewed some parts of it .
By the way the war over seas means squat in protecting us here , ever walk into Mexico ?
I have and was n't stopped Are borers are wide open .
The Federal gov wo n't even put troops where they count , the borders .
Canada is just as bad .
The next 9 - 11 is coming it 's just a matter of time .
With no border patrol were back at square one one .
Seize up the borders and protect us .
Why not allow the gov to spy on non citizens instead .
After all the Constitution was created for Americans not foreigners .
We could pass a law saying we will spy on you and you are only guaranteed basic rights .
Let 's face it the gov was spying on everyone not just who they thought needed spying on .
Obama is just as guilty as Bush after all he signed to let this go on and not stop it .
He renewed some parts of it .
By the way the war over seas means squat in protecting us here , ever walk into Mexico ?
I have and was n't stopped Are borers are wide open .
The Federal gov wo n't even put troops where they count , the borders .
Canada is just as bad .
The next 9 - 11 is coming it 's just a matter of time .
With no border patrol were back at square one one .
Seize up the borders and protect us .
This particular method is a loser .
Move on .
I was for the initial ' warrentless ' wiretapping because I knew that it still required a warrant ( on the back end ) and that it , if you read the legislation , it still required ( to some degree ) probable cause , not to mention the fact that as it was presented it was only to engage in wiretapping of suspect non-citizens as they communicated with outside enemy interests that were also non-citizens .
It was never intended to be made to wiretap citizens .
But now that it has been shown that it is , I say drop the whole thing altogether and go back and devise new , legal , and constitutional strategies to find the enemy where it lurks .
This particular method is a loser .
Move on .
Boojum Bunny
@att.net Boojum Bunny Anon Sometimes you just have to face the music .
Sometimes I think a different factor is forgotten in all this
Yes , there aretimes you have to break the law in the name of justice , but you should still be held accountable for it .
For example , I decide that ( despite it being against the law ) I hunt down and kill someone who abused my daughter .
The law SHOULD prosecute me .
I decided that this person not being living was more important than not going to jail , for right or for wrong .
If they do n't prosecute me then the next person who decides to kill someone will use my example as to why they should n't be punished .
In this case the government decided that uncovering terrorists plans and preventing another attack was more important than the law ... and it will be facing the consequences .. such as being unable to prosecute some of the terrorists .
yacman
@shawcable.net yacman
Anon holy crap !
the mere fact that some of you are willing to give up your rights in favor of the " big brother " approach is laughable .
your ancestors , grandfathers , brothers and sisters have all DIED in the name of FREEDOM ( not the name of the us govt ) .
WAKE UP !!!
just because this happened to some slimeball lawyers does not mean YOU will be excluded next time .
all it takes is for some govt beancounter to deem YOU an enemy of the state .
FOR FREEDOMS SAKE , STAND UP AND DEMAND YOUR GOVT STOP THIS IMMEDIATLY .
WernerSchutz
join:2009-08-04
Sugar Land , TX WernerSchutz Member Re : holy crap !
said by yacman :
the mere fact that some of you are willing to give up your rights in favor of the " big brother " approach is laughable .
your ancestors , grandfathers , brothers and sisters have all DIED in the name of FREEDOM ( not the name of the us govt ) .
WAKE UP !!!
just because this happened to some slimeball lawyers does not mean YOU will be excluded next time .
all it takes is for some govt beancounter to deem YOU an enemy of the state .
FOR FREEDOMS SAKE , STAND UP AND DEMAND YOUR GOVT STOP THIS IMMEDIATLY .
Tyranny wins because people vote for it .
Tyranny wins because people vote for it .
Methadras
join:2004-05-26
Spring Valley , CA Methadras Member Well , how do you arrest the government ...?
Ultimately this is meaningless .
How do you arrest the government ?
You are n't going to go back and put this current president or the previous one under arrest are you ?
Or do you go after a lesser minion that initiated this to begin with ?
Who is going to pay the price of this consequence ?
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465 Tech Report
After floundering against ATI 's formidable Radeon HD 4000 series and getting upstaged by their rival 's Radeon HD 5000 series , NVIDIA is back in the fight with their new GeForce GTX 400 series of graphics cards .
Hot on the heels of the GeForce GTX 480 and GeForce GTX 470 cards , NVIDIA launched the mid-range GeForce GTX 465 on March 31 , 2010 .
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465 is designed to offer most of what the GeForce GTX 470 can do but at a more affordable price level of US $ 279 .
Take a look at how the new model compares to its bigger brothers :
GeForce
GTX 480 GeForce
GTX 470 GeForce
GTX 465 Graphics Processing Clusters 4 4 3 Streaming Multiprocessors 15 14 11 CUDA Cores 480 448 352 Texture Units 60 56 44 ROP Units 58 40 32 Graphics Clock 700 MHz 607 MHz 607 MHz Processor Clock ( CUDA Cores ) 1401 MHz 1215 MHz 1215 MHz Memory Clock 924 MHz 837 MHz 802 MHz Total Video Memory 1536 MB 1280 MB 1024 MB Memory Interface 384- bit 320 - bit 256-bit Memory Bandwidth 177.4 GB /s 133.9 GB /s 102.6 GB /s Texture Filtering Rate ( Bilinear ) 42.0 GigaTexels /s 34.0 GigaTexels /s 26.7 GigaTexels /s Fabrication Process 40 nm Connectors 2 x Dual - Linked DVI - I + 1 x Mini HDMI Form Factor Dual Slot Power Connectors 1 x 8 - pin + 1 x 6 - pin 2 x 6 - pin Recommended Power Supply 600 Watts 550 Watts Thermal Design Power ( TDP ) 250 Watts 215 Watts 200 Watts Thermal Threshold 105 °C
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465 Graphics Card
As it befits a slight change in the model number , the new NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465 looks exactly like the more expensive GeForce GTX 470 .
It uses the same card design and dual - slot cooler .
Both cards require the use of two 6 - pin power cables .
Like the other GeForce GTX 400 series graphics cards , the GeForce GTX 465 comes with two dual - linked DVI - I ports and a mini HDMI port .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Congress may be fined tens of millions of dollars a year under its own health - care law , in part because the bill dumps members of Congress and their staffs from their current health - care plans .
But no one really knows for sure what the bill does , not even the experts .
For instance , exactly who qualifies as an “ employer ” — and therefore is subject to fines up to $ 3,000 per employee — is undefined in the bill .
If Congress were subject to a $ 3,000 fine for each of its employees , it would need to shell out approximately $ 50 million each year to Uncle Sam .
Congress ’s research arm , the Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) , informally confirmed the possibility to Republican aides .
Kathleen Sebelius , President Obama ’s top health - care cabinet official , will be responsible for establishing most of the details of how the law is implemented .
Many Republicans who have raised the issue of Congress ’s fining itself believe Sebelius likely will exempt Congress with a regulation narrowly defining “ employer , ” for instance .
Still , the possibility of the fines , and the uncertainty surrounding them , are drawing heckles from the health - care law ’s critics .
“ That ’s the irony — here we may be the first major employer in the country to be fined for not providing proper health insurance for our employees , ” Rep. Dan Lungren , California Republican , told The Daily Caller while laughing .
“ Is n’t that contrary to the very premise of the bill ? ”
State and local governments may be on the hook for the fines , but unlike for members of Congress and their staffs , the health - care bill does n’t specifically dump them from their health - care plans .
Before Congress incurs any fines , a complex series of events would be required to happen under the law .
Generally speaking , a lower - tier aide — one not making a six - figure salary like some 2,000 House employees — would have to apply for government subsidies .
The way the law works is that employers incur a $ 2,000 or $ 3,000 fine for each employee , depending on the circumstances , if only one of their employees obtains the subsidies .
So one lowly staff assistant could think he ’s just getting some health - care help , while actually triggering a $ 50 million annual fine for Congress .
On the issue of the fines , CRS confirmed to Republican aides that the bill does not specify whether Congress would be considered an “ employer ” under the bill , thus triggering the coverage responsibilities and potential fines .
Previously , CRS explained why it ’s “ unclear ” whether members of Congress and their staff will be able to keep their current health - care plans in an 8,100 - word memo .
In that case , CRS argues that under standard lawyerly methods for reading laws , Congress should have been dumped from its current health - care coverage already .
Nothing ’s changed , though .
The CRS memo notes that the law does not designate a government authority to resolve uncertainties , such as whether Congress is on the hook for $ 50 million a year .
The uncertainties surrounding the health - care law for just Congress ’s health - care coverage are driving questions about how the rest of America will fare when its provisions kick into turbo in coming years .
“ This is just terribly written legislation , ” Lungren said , attributing many of the “ drafting errors ” and such to the unorthodox process by which the law was passed .
“ I doubt that when the senators voted on the bill they thought that was going to be the completed project .
They needed to get their number of votes and they were going to do it whatever way they could and then anticipated a conference that somehow would have worked out the differences between the House and the Senate version .
And because we had so few votes in both the House and the Senate , they did this other thing . ”
That “ other thing ” was passing the Senate bill into law and a “ fixes ” bill hamstrung by the limitations of the budget reconciliation process which only requires a majority , not super - majority , vote in the Senate .
The Transportation Security Administration on Sunday ramped up security screening at airports along the East Coast after an attempted car bombing a day earlier in New York 's Times Square , a Department of Homeland Security official said .
The official told CNN the TSA has begun operations to counter potential car bombs , or " vehicle - born improvised explosive devices , " as well as taking measures to prevent other kinds of terrorist acts that might occur in crowded public spaces .
The TSA also is coordinating with Customs and Border Protection to facilitate additional secondary passenger screening on both domestic and international flights , the official said .
Officials in Washington participated in a call with top TSA officials at airports in New York , Boston and Philadelphia to talk about partnering with Customs to identify flights that might need more random screening , the official said .
We 've yet to see concrete proof that Apple 's portable media players will ship with a camera , but the new iPhone OS 4.0 beta shows Cupertino 's at least considering the notion for the iPod touch and even the iPad .
It seems AT&T tethering was n't the only thing hidden in iPhone OS 4.0 beta 4 -- 9to5 Mac found a variety of telltale references to an a flash when pouring through the update 's source code .
Does that mean that the iDevices will actually get cameras , let alone supporting light fixtures ?
It 's too early to tell ... but we did spot an LED flash on that early iPhone HD , and a recent Vietnamese leak proves that Apple at least prototyped an iPod touch with a camera -- though no flash , sadly -- as well .
Is Apple simply updating their error messages , or is there something to this ?
You make the call .
Think the 1960s are over ?
Find out what they ’re still doing to presidential politics .
The decade that gave us John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson , the civil rights movement , Vietnam , and Woodstock has been used as a fulcrum in presidential politics — by both parties — ever since Ronald Reagan , a fierce critic of “ the sixties , ” captured the presidency in 1980 .
Every campaign that followed — including Obama ’s — has used the era to define itself to its own constituencies .
What was best about the sixties for some people is what was worst about it for others .
Of that , political contests are made .
Now , as no other historian has done , Bernard von Bothmer follows the trail of the 60s into the presidencies of the 80s , 90s , the 00s and up to the present in Framing the Sixties : The Use and Abuse of a Decade from Ronald Reagan to George W. Bush .
This dozy twat was filming a steam train standing next to a rail track as another train comes from the other way
WASHINGTON  Airline passengers who get frustrated and kick a wall , throw a suitcase or make a pithy comment to a screener could find themselves in a little - known Homeland Security database .
The Transportation Security Administration says it is keeping records of people who make its screeners feel threatened as part of an effort to prevent workplace violence .
Privacy advocates fear the database could feed government watch lists and subject innocent people to extra airport screening .
" Is this going to be the baby watch list ?
There 's a potential for the misuse of information or the mischaracterization of harmless events as potential threats , " American Civil Liberties Union lawyer Michael German said .
A TSA report says the database can include names , birth dates , Social Security numbers , home addresses and phone numbers of people involved in airport incidents , including aggressors , victims and witnesses .
Incidents in the database include threats , bullying or verbal abuse , remarks about death or violence , brandishing a real or fake weapon , intentionally scaring workers or excessive displays of anger such as punching a wall or kicking equipment , the report says .
The database was created in late 2007 as the TSA launched a program to prevent the nation 's 50,000 airport screeners from being attacked or threatened , agency spokeswoman Kristin Lee said .
At the time , TSA officials voiced concern about passengers disrespecting screeners , and they began issuing new uniforms with police - style badges pinned to shirts .
Lee said attacks and threats against screeners are " rare " and the database has records from about 240 incidents .
Most are screeners in conflict with other screeners .
About 30 incidents involve people such as passengers or airport workers attacking or threatening screeners , Lee said .
Information about passengers is taken from incident reports that the TSA writes when a traveler threatens or attacks a screener , Lee said .
" The program 's focus is on prevention , " Lee said .
The database helps the TSA spot trends in incidents that can shape workplace - safety programs , Lee said .
A TSA document published in February says database information can be given to government agencies and to airports , airlines and rail and bus systems in cases involving their workers or job applicants .
" They may be contacted by the TSA if an incident involves their employee , " Lee said .
A.J. Castilla , a screener at Boston 's Logan International Airport and an official with a TSA union , said he has seen passengers throw shoes at and push screeners , but incidents have subsided more recently .
The ACLU 's German said he worries that the incidents in the database are broad .
" I 've been very angry at an airport because flying can be a very frustrating experience , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed
Fresh claims have emerged that MI5 was aware of allegations that Afghan detainees were being mistreated by the country 's security service during the period UK forces were handing prisoners over to the Afghan authorities .
Last week the high court heard details of torture allegedly suffered by prisoners handed over to the Afghan domestic security service .
A memo , seen by the Observer , reveals that the head of Afghanistan 's intelligence agency indicated to UK officials in March 2007 that he was aware of ill - treatment claims involving prisoners .
In the document , marked confidential , Amrullah Saleh , chief of the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) , admits he is " aware of allegations of mistreatment " relating to detainees in Kandahar province .
Human rights lawyers allege that no action appears to have been taken by UK forces as a result and that British troops handed over detainees to the NDS Kandahar facility in 2007 .
The memo coincides with a judicial review in the high court , being brought by anti-war activist Maya Evans against Britain 's policy of transferring suspected insurgents .
The court heard how six Afghan detainees – Taliban suspects – handed over by British troops to NDS prisons were allegedly deprived of sleep , whipped with rubber cables and subjected to electric shocks .
Backed by law firm Public Interest Lawyers , Evans argues Britain has breached the Human Rights
Act by handing over prisoners to a country known to participate in torture .
The lawyers claim the NDS had a notorious reputation for mistreating prisoners and British officers should have known of the risks .
Saleh 's admission is contained in a memo written a month before allegations surfaced in the Canadian press that the country 's soldiers deliberately transferred prisoners to be tortured .
The allegations provoked uproar in Canada with pressure still building on the government to launch a public inquiry into the claims .
The judicial review heard the government concede that British forces had maintained access into the NDS facility for UK interrogators , suggesting a close intelligence relationship with the Afghans .
The judges also heard claims that government denials of such detainee abuse involving British forces were the result of a " head in the sand " attitude .
Lawyers for the Ministry of Defence deny that detainees routinely handed over by British soldiers suffer torture and insist safeguards against their mistreatment were in place .
In late 2008 , military and Foreign Office officials were denied access to Afghan detention centres while UK forces were told not to transfer any more captured Afghans to the NDS .
Jonathan Evans , director - general of MI5 , recently strenously denied complicity in torture , adding " nor do we collude in torture or encourage others to torture on our behalf " .
Evans said : " Only now has the government clearly admitted that it cannot hand over prisoners where there is a risk of torture by the NDS .
The evidence is overwhelming .
This practice must stop . "
Things you might never have known if you did not watch last night 's joint Sarah Palin - Michele Bachmann campaign appearance , hosted by Sean Hannity :
-- Forty percent of the Tea Party is " Democrats and independents . " [ Not ! ]
-- The Tea Partiers who favored Republicans ' unremitting partisanship on health - care reform are actually " independents " who decry " excessive partisanship " .
[ " Excessive partisanship " meaning " enacting any component of a liberal agenda . " ]
-- Tea Partiers are coming together and unifying behind the Republican Party .
[ Quelle surprise ! ]
-- International relations are just like school playgrounds .
-- And Obama 's new policy of restricting the use of nuclear weapons is thus just like " getting out there on the playground , a bunch of kids getting ready to fight , and one of the kids saying , ' Go ahead , punch me in the face and I 'm not gonna retaliate .
Go ahead and do what you want to with me . '
-- Also , Michael Steele is an " independent outsider " who 's done a fine job at the RNC .
Physicists observing the event reported that the sheer amount of stupidity involved here tore a hole in the time - space continuum and created a large black hole somewhere in suburban Minnesota , near the headquarters of PowerLine .
ON A recent trip to America , Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's president , could not resist the temptation to needle his hosts .
Just before the visit his American counterpart , Barack Obama , had secured Congressional approval of a plan for a dramatic expansion of the country 's health - insurance market .
Observing that America is the only wealthy country to lack universal health coverage , Mr Sarkozy sniffed : “ Welcome to the club of states who do n't turn their back on the sick and the poor . ”
Europeans have long thumbed their noses at America 's bloated health - care system .
It is true that parts of it are convoluted , cruel and much too costly .
But Sir Richard Feachem , a health expert and the former boss of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , argues that such a view ignores “ nuggets of good practice ” .
The best such nugget , he reckons , is Kaiser Permanente ( KP ) , a not - for - profit health insurer and hospital chain which last year took in $ 2 billion more than the $ 40 billion it spent .
For the most part , the American health system is dominated by cream - skimming health insurers and the myriad “ fee for service ” providers they do business with , which drive up costs by charging high prices for piece work .
KP 's business model integrates fixed - price health insurance with treatment at its own hospitals and clinics .
This has led to big efficiency gains , making KP one of the cheapest health - care providers in most of the regional markets in which it competes .
Thanks to Mr Obama 's reforms , over 30 m
Americans will enter the health - insurance market over the next few years — and KP 's low prices should make it a big beneficiary .
Moreover , KP 's medical results are as good as its financial ones .
By many clinical measurements , it is the best - performing health - care outfit in the regions it covers .
The firm 's success obviously holds lessons for its American rivals , but given that KP serves some 8.6 m patients — more than the population of Austria — and has come up with some world - beating innovations , Sir Richard believes that there is “ much that Europe can learn too . ”
At KP's Oakland Medical Centre in northern California , Christina Ahlstrand , a lifelong customer , has come to see her doctor , Jennifer Slovis .
Ms Ahlstrand had been feeling “ very low energy ” , so she e-mailed to see if she should get any blood tests done .
After reviewing her electronic medical records ( which include all her lab tests , prescriptions , e-mail exchanges and notes from visits to all specialists ) , Dr Slovis e-mailed her back saying she needed to see her in person .
Many health systems , including Britain 's National Health Service ( NHS ) , have tried unsuccessfully to implement comprehensive computer systems ; patients and doctors often hate them .
But studies published in the journal Health Affairs and elsewhere show that KP 's embrace of technology ( its doctors conducted nearly 9 m electronic consultations last year ) has resulted in fewer frivolous visits , better medical outcomes and soaring patient satisfaction .
Patients can even send doctors photos of worrisome moles or slow - healing wounds by e-mail for remote diagnosis .
Ms Ahlstrand , like many KP patients , loves this system .
She also likes KP 's personal - health website , which gives her tips and points her to classes on healthy living , or “ wellness ” .
Dr Slovis , for her part , is pleased that her work is “ nearly paperless ” and that she can easily track the specialists treating her patients , “ so I know exactly what 's going on . ”
The ease with which Dr Slovis tracks Ms Ahlstrand 's interactions with specialists and any resultant test results is indicative of the sort of integration that is missing in most health systems .
George Halvorson , KP 's boss , argues that such co-ordination is all the more essential because of the dramatic rise of such lasting and expensive afflictions as metabolic syndrome , diabetes and heart disease .
Kaiser also aligns incentives both to promote parsimony and to improve the quality , rather than merely the quantity , of the care it gives .
Patients like Ms Ahlstrand use e-mail because it is free and convenient , whereas a personal visit can involve hassle and an out - of - pocket payment .
Dr Slovis and other KP doctors are on fixed salaries , unlike America 's many self - employed physicians , so they have every incentive to share information with other specialists and no financial motive to order unnecessary procedures .
KP 's third big advantage is that its integrated approach and incentive structure encourage investment in forms of long - term care such as the wellness classes that Ms Ahlstrand enjoys .
The firm is in the midst of a ten - year , $ 30 billion capital - investment plan .
In March it completed the rollout of its computer system — the biggest one in the world for private health care .
Many other insurers and health systems avoid making such investments because of “ churn ” : patients switch insurers frequently , so any spending on preventive medicine , aimed in particular at avoiding expensive hospital visits in future , ends up benefiting a rival company .
KP says its churn rate is well below that of its rivals , so it can invest for the long haul .
It funds an innovation centre that perfected the telemedicine systems its doctors are now using for remote dermatology consultations , for example .
Clayton Christensen of Harvard Business School applauds the firm 's culture of innovation .
He notes that KP 's dentists routinely apply a coating to children 's teeth that helps prevent cavities , a procedure that many other American dentists tend not to use .
Why not ?
In an integrated system with incentives aligned properly , he argues , preventing future cavities saves the company money .
In contrast , in a fee - for - service system , “ future cavities represent future revenue . ”
If KP 's approach is so successful , why is it not more widely copied ?
A number of health systems from around the world , including Britain 's NHS , have sent emissaries to California to study KP 's approach , but efforts to replicate it have met only with limited success .
Within America , a handful of outfits — such as the Mayo Clinic — independently evolved into integrated systems , but the rest of the industry remains a fragmented mess .
The prevailing culture of health care in the country is difficult to overcome .
Some American patients , used to having all the scans and consultations with exotic specialists they want , costs be damned , do not like KP 's frugal ways .
By the same token , some freewheeling American doctors do not like KP 's rigid systems or fixed ( albeit generous ) salaries .
Much the same applies in other countries : whether in politicised state - run systems or profiteering private ones , the incentives for doctors and patients are seldom as soundly aligned as they are at KP .
“ Most of its success is explained by culture , ” says Alain Enthoven , a health economist at Stanford University , “ and that is simply not easy to replicate . ”
Ready for more of the same ?
( Image : Icelandic Coast Guard )
We ’re not quite back to the pre-plane era , but air travel over and around the north Atlantic might get a lot more disrupted in the coming years .
Volcanologists say the fireworks exploding from the Eyjafjallajökull volcano on Iceland , which is responsible for the ash cloud that is grounding all commercial flights across northern Europe , may become a familiar sight .
Increased rumblings under Iceland over the past decade suggest that the area is entering a more active phase , with more eruptions and the potential for some very large bangs .
“ Volcanic activity on Iceland appears to follow a periodicity of around 50 to 80 years .
The increase in activity over the past 10 years suggests we might be entering a more active phase with more eruptions , ” says Thorvaldur Thordarson , an expert on Icelandic volcanoes at the University of Edinburgh , UK .
By contrast , the latter half of the 20th century was unusually quiet .
Advertisement
Along with increased volcanism , more seismic activity has been recorded around Iceland , including the magnitude - 6.1 quake that rocked Reykjavik in May 2008 .
Rifting strain
In 1998 Gudrún Larsen from the University of Iceland in Reykjavik and colleagues used 800 years ’ worth of data from lava layers , ice cores and historical records to show that Iceland ’s volcanism goes through cycles of high and low activity .
The peaks of these cycles seem to be strongly linked to bursts of earthquakes , which release the build - up of strain on tectonic faults near Iceland caused by the rifting of the Atlantic Ocean .
In addition , the periodicity may be linked to pulses of magma coming from the mantle and pressure fluctuations at the surface caused by glaciers melting and geothermal activity .
Larsen and colleagues showed that the Vatnajökull ice cap region – which includes the highly active Grímsvötn and Bárdarbunga volcanoes – experienced between 6 and 11 eruptions every 40 years during phases of high activity , compared with no more than three eruptions per 40 years during low - activity phases .
Other regions of Iceland appear to follow a similar pattern to Vatnajökull .
As well as becoming more frequent , eruptions seem to get more intense during the high - activity phases .
A number of Iceland ’s most devastating eruptions – including that of the volcano Laki in 1783 that killed over half of Iceland ’s livestock and led to a famine that wiped out about a quarter of its human population – have occurred when the Atlantic rift system has been active .
“ If we are entering a more active phase , these bigger eruptions will become more likely , ” says Thordarson .
Judging by recent volcanic and earthquake activity , Thordarson and his colleagues believe that Iceland is entering its next active phase and estimate it will last for 60 years or so , peaking between 2030 and 2040 .
Journal reference : Geology , vol 26 , p 943
My dream is set at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft .
If you did n’t already know , I ’m a Leafs fan .
You might also remember that the Leafs do not currently own a first round choice .
Not only are they missing a first round choice , but the missing pick is the 2nd overall selection in the draft .
The current holders of said treasure are the Boston Bruins .
I ’ve wanted the Leafs to tank for a few years now and the year that they finally tank out in a blaze of agony is the same year that they do n’t actually have their own first round pick .
Is this how it felt to be a Leafs fan in the 1980s ?
My dream is as follows .
The Edmonton Oilers have already selected someone first overall .
It does n’t matter who , they ’re Edmonton , they probably fucked it up .
And if they did n't fuck it up then their pick will probably demand a trade soon enough .
The nightmare begins as the Boston Bruins upper management begin their slow walk to the podium .
They ’re clearly milking this moment to torture me .
TSN is broadcasting the ordeal and they ’ve relentlessly dissected the draft for 72 hours straight .
I ’ve already seen 37 images of Tom Kurvers , 255 shots of Scott Niedermayer , and 2356 arguments over whether Taylor Hall will lead the Bruins to 20 Stanley Cups or 21 .
Brian Burke is n’t around , but a bottle of scotch is probably close by .
Unfortunately , I have no such solace .
It ’s like I ’m in A Clockwork Orange , except instead of curbing the ol ’ ultra violence I ’m impeding my ability to enjoy sports .
And here comes Gary Bettman to the podium .
It may be a nightmare , but the crowd reaction is still this " The second selection in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft belongs to the Stanley Cup champion Boston Bruins ... via the Toronto Maple Leafs .
" Kill me now .
The Bruins won the Stanley Cup ?
And now instead of drafting 30th overall they are drafting second ... What 's also disturbing is the slight , shadowy figure that is accompanying the litany of suits to the podium .
Oh no .
Not him .
It ca n’t be .
“ The Stanley Cup champion Boston Bruins are proud to introduce the Conn Smythe winner of the 2010 NHL playoffs to announce our first round selection .
” NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!TUUUUUUUUUUUUKKKKKKKKKKKKKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!The Bruins are killing me here .
The Bruins as Stanley Cup champions would sound like an unlikely scenario months ago , but is now very much a possibility in reality and it ’s weaselled its way into my subconscious .
Yes , the worst offensive team in the league has won the Stanley Cup in my nightmare .
This was a team so desperate for goals that they dug up the corpse of Miro Satan and rejuvenated him with unicorn blood .
A team that played Mark Recchi substantial minutes - the same Mark Recchi that supplements his NHL salary with social security paycheques .
Not only are the Bruins now drafting a potential franchise player the year they won the Stanley Cup with the Leafs first round pick , but they won the Stanley Cup on the prodigious skills of the Leafs ’ former first round pick , Tuukka Rask .
Oh , Tuukka Rask , right .
Remember when Andrew Raycroft set the Toronto Maple Leafs franchise record for wins in a season ?
Yup , 37 wins out of 245 games started in a single season .
And then he was run out town for being an overall terrible goalie .
And the Leafs traded the 2010 Conn Smyth winner for that bum .
Now Tuukka is rubbing that in my face .
He ’s taking pleasure in doing this to the Leafs .
Vindictive little prick .
Yup , my life has come to this - being tormented by dreams .
Just another day in Leafs Nation .
Goalie Cat
This cat refuses to let anything into her box .
When the cat is in the box , your goal is both a score and not a score at the same time .
In last night 's Bizarre Foods season 4 opener , Andrew Zimmern traveled to Isan in northeastern Thailand to sample some rural Thai cuisine .
And by " rural Thai cuisine , " I mean " stuff that made me feel queasy for hours after the episode ended . "
I 've been watching Bizarre Foods for years , and I 've never seen Andrew struggle with the foods as much as he did during this episode .
Just how crazy was it ?
Let 's take a look at the more unusual things Andrew did - and did n't - eat in a little segment we 'll call ...
[ Warning : Some readers may find the following images and text upsetting or disturbing , so please proceed at your own risk . ]
1. BAMBOO RAT
Andrew kicked things off at a highway jungle market , which is basically a place where people sell whatever random animals they caught that day .
He refused to sample the contents of the clear plastic bag filled with bloody cow placenta ( I can't imagine why ) , but instead opted for a truly terrifying looking bamboo rat wrapped in cellophane .
A local chef covered it in salt , shoved a stick through it , and slapped it down on a grill without removing its guts .... which , oddly enough , reminded me of my last experience at Applebee's .
Andrew kicked things off at a highway jungle market , which is basically a place where people sell whatever random animals they caught that day .
He refused to sample the contents of the clear plastic bag filled with bloody cow placenta ( I can't imagine why ) , but instead opted for a truly terrifying looking bamboo rat wrapped in cellophane .
A local chef covered it in salt , shoved a stick through it , and slapped it down on a grill without removing its guts .... which , oddly enough , reminded me of my last experience at Applebee's .
" I was excited to eat it , until it split open and the smell of its entrails flooded the marketplace , " Andrew lamented , as he picked up the rodent and held it in front of his nose .
Now , I 've seen Andrew struggle to get food down in the past , but I 've never seen him look like death would be a better alternative than actually swallowing another bite of something .
Unfortunately for Andrew , that 's precisely the effect this bamboo rat had on him .
" As I inhaled , all of the aroma from the entrails just went right into my mouth , " he said , looking more revolted than Ina Garten after eating a cookie made with " bad vanilla . "
2. DUNG BEETLES
Next , Andrew scoured some barnyards with a family of local farmers on an expedition to collect a bunch of dung beetles .
These curious creatures eat nothing but heaping piles of fresh animal dung , so you can imagine how foul they must be .
Not so , according to Andrew , who claimed they tasted " nutty . "
Riiiight .
Sort of like a Snickers , only with less chocolate and much more NASTINESS .
Next , Andrew scoured some barnyards with a family of local farmers on an expedition to collect a bunch of dung beetles .
These curious creatures eat nothing but heaping piles of fresh animal dung , so you can imagine how foul they must be .
Not so , according to Andrew , who claimed they tasted " nutty . "
Riiiight .
Sort of like a Snickers , only with less chocolate and much more NASTINESS .
Andrew had a much more difficult time eating the giant horned beetle , because it had body filled with " grassy , soft , pussy mucous that tasted like swamp mud . "
Mmm !
Who 's hungry !
( Note : If you 're still reading this recap , congratulations .
You must have a stomach lined with more metal than Robert Downey 's Iron Man costume . )
3. RAW , WARM MEAT FROM A FRESHLY KILLED CALF
The next day , Andrew enjoyed a leisurely Sunday afternoon bar - b-q with a bunch of guys who just killed a young calf .
As the guest of honor , Andrew was offered a raw piece of fat from the animal 's chest , as well as a piece of meat that had been dipped into unspecified juices from the animal 's hip socket .
" Very chewy , " Andrew said without remorse .
" That was particularly foul . "
The next day , Andrew enjoyed a leisurely Sunday afternoon bar - b-q with a bunch of guys who just killed a young calf .
As the guest of honor , Andrew was offered a raw piece of fat from the animal 's chest , as well as a piece of meat that had been dipped into unspecified juices from the animal 's hip socket .
" Very chewy , " Andrew said without remorse .
" That was particularly foul . "
Andrew was then offered something which he straight up refused to even try : the prized , partially digested contents of the cow 's stomach .
" I wish I could , but I can't drink your tap water and I can't eat the raw stomach .
It has too many bacteria that my body 's not used to . "
That 's right !
Andrew played the oft - neglected " bacteria " card .
Nicely done , my friend .
Nicely done .
Just when I thought things could n't possibly get any worse for Andrew on this E. Coli inducing bar - b -q trip from hell , someone yanked out the animal 's gall bladder , spilled the contents of its bile sac into a bowl of spices , and told him to dip raw pieces of liver into it and eat it .
Whatchu talkin ' bout , Willis !?
After only one hideous bite , Andrew and his translator instantly turned whiter than Paula Deen 's front teeth .
" The raw bile is the kind of bitter flavor that wo n't leave your mouth for a week .
I can still feel the whole back of my throat closed , " Andrew said .
Wow .
And I thought my mom's meatloaf was bad .
4. RICE FIELD RATS
Andrew continued his culinary tour of misery by hunting for rice field rats with a team of local farmers .
After they 're caught , the rats ( which are bigger than A HUMAN HEAD , mind you ) are either boiled and grilled , or chopped up ( complete with tails , organs , skin , and entrails ) for a stir fry .
Andrew continued his culinary tour of misery by hunting for rice field rats with a team of local farmers .
After they 're caught , the rats ( which are bigger than A HUMAN HEAD , mind you ) are either boiled and grilled , or chopped up ( complete with tails , organs , skin , and entrails ) for a stir fry .
Andrew said the grilled rat was " delicious , " but was n't too fond of the minced rat stir fry because it contained " little gristly bits of skin . "
Things went from bad to worse when he bit down on a piece of tail , which he likened to a " pencil dipped in liquid rubber . "
And in that moment , I vowed to never playfully bite the end of a pencil ever again .
5. FRIED SPARROWS & ROTTEN FISH
What do you order to eat at a carnival in Thailand ?
Why , fried sparrows and rancid fish meat , of course !
For starters , the sparrows certainly did n't win any prizes in Andrew 's book .
He said they tasted " really unpleasant ... like spoiled poultry and spent frying oil . "
Um , Andrew , you just ordered SPARROW at a CARNIVAL .
Were you seriously expecting it to set your taste buds ablaze with delight ?
What do you order to eat at a carnival in Thailand ?
Why , fried sparrows and rancid fish meat , of course !
For starters , the sparrows certainly did n't win any prizes in Andrew 's book .
He said they tasted " really unpleasant ... like spoiled poultry and spent frying oil . "
Um , Andrew , you just ordered SPARROW at a CARNIVAL .
Were you seriously expecting it to set your taste buds ablaze with delight ?
Sadly , the fish that had been salted and fermented and left to rot at room temperature for 3 days did n't fare much better .
Andrew called the taste " ferocious , " and compared the smell to " Hulk Hogan 's gym socks . "
I 'm not sure how Andrew knows what those smell like , nor am I sure I want to know .
Some mysteries are better left unsolved .
Andrew finished things up at the carnival with a simple seafood pizza .
How bad could that be !
Well , as it turns out , pretty darn horrible .
So horrible , in fact , that Andrew spit his bite out into a napkin and threw his hands up in disgust .
" It 's the fake cheese , fake seafood , and fake hot dog , " he explained .
" Too much gag reflex .
Ca n't do it . "
I understand the gag reflex issue , because I was struggling to keep mine in check while watching last night .
Was it just me , Serious Eats , or was the Thailand episode really difficult to get through ?
I understand cuisines vary greatly across our great planet , and I 'm as into shock value on television as anyone , but you 've got to draw the culinary line in the sand somewhere - and I 'm thinking " raw entrails stuffed with animal feces " just might be it .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Revenge of the carp : Fish hunted by woman armed with bow and arrow leaps out of the water to smack her in the face
A carp hunted by a woman armed with a bow and arrow has got his own back – by delivering a well - aimed slap to the face of his pursuer .
The bizarre shot was caught on the reservoirs of the Illinois River , where the population of Asian carp , an invasive species , has exploded .
The fish , who have habit of jumping out of the water when boats approach , are regarded as a nuisance , which has led to the sport of hunting them .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
By providing participants with bows and arrows , Chris Brackett and his team have coined the term ‘ extreme aerial bowfishing ’ – conducted from a moving speedboat .
But while the sport is rapidly catching on , it is fraught with danger – for the hunters as well as the hunted .
Indeed Brackett ’s fiancée , Jodi Barnes , was pictured being hit in the face by a flying carp as she prepared to take aim and fire an arrow at it .
While Barnes ’ prey managed to score a direct hit against his assailant , it is not known if the flying carp managed to leap back to the safety of the river following the daring move .
Ouch : Barnes winces as the fish disappears from sight after its strike
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Hipsters , your worst fears are coming true .
Pabst Blue Ribbon , a beer made famous in Chicago , is selling out .
Literally .
Food investor C. Dean Metropoulos will buy Pabst Brewing Co. for about $ 250 million , reports Crain 's Chicago Business .
At that price tag , can Pabst Blue Ribbon still maintain its " ironic downscale chic " reputation ?
Pabst Brewing is also responsible for the Cubbies ' beloved Old Style , but PBR is the beer that experienced an incredible spike in sales recently , thanks to " bike messengers and other younger drinkers , " according to Crain's .
These " younger drinkers " looking to make a " non-mainstream " statement — a.k.a. hipsters — made the beer so successful that the company felt comfortable raising prices without risking their customer following .
Pabst Brewing now stands as the fifth - largest beer supplier in the country , according to industry newsletter Beer Marketer 's Insights Inc .
That explains Metropoulos ' interest in the company , as he is known for buying major brands , including Bumble Bee Tuna , Vlasic Pickles , Chef Boyardee , and Ghirardelli Chocolates .
Fifth - largest ?
That stands awfully close to " mainstream , " you retro non-conformists , you .
Quick , run away !
Pabst Brewing has been owned for nearly 10 years by the Kalmanovitz Charitable Foundation .
Federal law prohibits charities from owning for - profit business for more than five years .
The Foundation was mandated to sell the brewing company in 2005 but was granted a 5 - year extension by the IRS .
Rising sales and a mainstream investor .
Hipsters may have just made their beer too popular for themselves .
How 's that for irony ?
Matt Bartosik is a Chicago native and a social media sovereign .
Brandon Jennings scored 25 points , Kurt Thomas drew a crucial charging foul against Joe Johnson and the Bucks stunned the home team with a 14 - 0 run late in the game , beating the favored Hawks 91 - 87 on Wednesday night for a 3 - 2 lead in the best - of - seven series .
Milwaukee , appearing in the playoffs for the first time since 2006 , responded like the seasoned postseason team after getting blown out in the first two games .
The third - seeded Hawks , planning for a long run in their third straight playoff appearance , better figure out a way to win on the road or this season will be over much sooner than they expected .
Game 6 is Friday night in Milwaukee .
" The pressure 's not on us , " Jennings said .
Milwaukee center Andrew Bogut is watching the playoffs with a cast on his right hand after taking a gruesome fall late in the regular season , but the 20 - year - old Jennings keeps stepping up big with darting moves to the hoop and timely jumpers .
The rookie scored 12 straight points early and clinched the victory with two free throws .
Joining him in a duo for the ages is the 37 - year - old Thomas , one of the league 's oldest players .
Bogut 's replacement does n't show up much on the stat sheet -- he took only one shot and failed to score -- but he came up with perhaps the biggest play of the game when he stepped out to take a charge from Johnson with 2:15 remaining , the Atlanta star 's sixth foul .
" I thought when Joe Johnson came out of the game , " Jennings said , " we had a chance to win it . "
The Hawks appeared to be in control leading 82 - 73 after Josh Smith 's long jumper with 4:10 remaining .
Milwaukee scored the next 14 points while Atlanta was missing seven straight shots .
Even though Al Horford finally broke the drought with 19 seconds remaining , then banked in a 3 - pointer from the top of the key to finish with 25 points and 11 rebounds , it was n't enough to make up for a total collapse .
" This is incredible , " said Jamal Crawford , who had an awful game one day after winning the NBA 's Sixth Man Award .
" We had the game won .
It just slipped away from us . "
Crawford 's night ended in appropriate fashion -- a desperation 3 - pointer that missed badly and left him sprawled on the court .
He finished 4 of 18 from the field for 11 points .
Johnson was n't much better , making 6 of 16 for 13 points before fouling out for the first time this season .
" It was a terrible loss , " Johnson said .
" It was embarrassing . "
The Bucks ran out the final seconds and celebrated with chest bumps in the center of Philips Arena , while the Hawks straggled to the locker room , hearing nothing but boos from a sellout crowd of 19,304 .
" Bye - bye , Woody ! " someone shouted at Atlanta coach Mike Woodson , whose contract is up at the end of a season that now finds itself in one loss - and - done mode .
" It 's a tough loss , " Woodson said , " but it 's a seven - game series . "
Atlanta cruised through the first two games at home and fully expected to win at least one game in Milwaukee , which would have set them up to clinch at home in Game 5 .
Instead , it 's the gritty Bucks who are on the verge of moving on to face waiting Orlando in the Eastern Conference semifinals .
" We feel great , " Thomas said .
" Even after the first two games , we felt very confident we would go home and get the job done . "
Milwaukee shot 41 percent from the field but simply outworked an Atlanta team that seemed stunned more and more to find itself in a tough series .
John Salmons added 19 points for the Bucks and Luke Ridnour had 15 .
" We know we did n't play well , " Salmons said .
" It was an ugly game . "
But it sure looked pretty at the end .
The Bucks continually drove to the hoop in the fourth quarter , drawing foul after foul and hitting 15 of 18 free throws .
Stunningly , Atlanta never got to the line in the final period .
Marvin Williams had 22 points for the Hawks , who could n't overcome the dismal showings by their two leading scorers , Johnson and Crawford .
The Hawks appeared to be taking control in the third quarter with the sort of play that had been missing since the first two games in Atlanta .
Johnson took things into his own hands , driving right around Thomas for a dunk that broke a 50 - 50 tie and sparked a 17 - 4 run that took less than 4 minutes .
Johnson also hit a couple of jumpers during the spurt , and he got plenty of support from Horford and Williams .
Horford scored six points , including a couple of ferocious dunks set up by passes from Mike Bibby .
After the second jam , Bibby backpedaled down the court with a smile on his face , the Hawks appearing to have fun for the first time all night .
Williams scored the other five points in Atlanta 's outburst , including a three - point play that began at the other end with a turnover by Salmons .
The Bucks just would n't go away , even though both replacement centers , Thomas and Gadzuric , ran into foul trouble .
Thomas picked up his fourth less than 4 minutes into the third quarter , while Gadzuric was whistled for his fifth before the period was done .
Unlike Johnson , they both managed to make it to the finish .
The Hawks ' frustration showed early .
Zaza Pachulia sent Jennings flying with a hard whack late in the first quarter , drawing an intentional foul .
The 6 - foot - 1 Jennings hopped off the court as though he wanted to go at the 6 - 11 Pachulia , but Thomas and the officials stepped in to push the rookie guard away .
Ridnour jawed a bit with Pachulia before things calmed down .
Early in the second , Johnson doled out another hard foul on Ridnour , who tumbled to the court after taking a bit of a shove with the forearm .
The Bucks dished out some shots of their own .
Thomas stepped out to set a pick on Smith , who tumbled to the court and rolled over with a gash over his right eye .
He headed to the locker room to get five stitches , but returned to the court late in the period with a bandage covering the wound .
Game notes
Bibby drew chuckles along press row when he attempted to check in during the first half , only to be told he had arrived at the scorer 's spot a split - second too late .
He looked at the officials in disbelief , then collapsed against the padded table as if he'd been hit with a punch ...
Salmons is 23 of 24 at the foul line in the series , finally missing one late in Wednesday 's game .
...
Milwaukee was 23 of 29 at the free throw line , Atlanta 13 of 17 .
Researchers make breakthrough in hyper - entangled Schroedinger cat state
( Nanowerk News ) Ten -qubit hyper- entangled Schrödinger cat state was successfully generated recently by a research group from the Quantum Physics and Quantum Information ( QPQI ) Division of the Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale at the University of Science and Technology of China .
The created state has the number of entangled quantum bits up to 10 , breaking a world record of entangled state preparation .
Meanwhile , they also utilized the Schrödinger cat state to demonstrate ultra - fine phase measurement .
The result was published in Nature Physics ( " Experimental demonstration of a hyper - entangled ten- qubit Schrödinger cat state " ) .
The referees commented that this work is an experimental tour de force , which has important implications for optical approaches to quantum computing and optical quantum metrology  .
This project is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China , Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Ministry of Science and Technology .
a , b , Coincidence counts obtained in the | Hright fence / |V right fence ( |H? right fence / |V ?right fence ) basis , accumulated for 150 s and 480 s for the six - ( a ) and eight - qubit ( b ) state respectively .
c ,d , Measurement showing the coherence of the cat states and phase super - resolution fringes ( see text ) .
The error bars represent one standard deviation ( in c they are smaller than the dots representing the measurement points ) deduced from propagated Poissonian counting statistics of the raw detection events .
Quantum entanglement is the crucial resource for quantum information processing , which is a very competitive research topic in the quantum information field .
In 2000 , the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST , USA ) demonstrated the four - ion entanglement .
In 2004 , the researchers from the same QPQI Division broke the record , and successfully created a five - photon entangled state .
In the end of 2005 , two groups from NIST and the Innsbruck University , Austria announced the demonstration of six and eight - ion entangled states respectively , and had kept the record since then .
How to efficiently expand the number of entangled qubits is a great challenge in quantum information field .
PAN Jianwei , CHEN Zengbing , PENG Chengzhi and coworkers aware that each degree of the freedom of a single photon can be defined as a quantum bit under suitable conditions .
These different degrees of freedom can be used to form an entangled state , the so - called hyper - entangled state .
This idea provides an effective method to expand the number of entangled quantum bits .
Using this idea the research group realized the 10 - qubit Schrödinger cat state based on a five - photon polarization entangled state and thereby demonstrated entanglement - based phase super - resolution .
This work has attracted widespread attention in the international academic community .
As soon as the e-print of the reported work appears on the arXiv , physicsworld.com reported the news under the title  Physicists set new entanglement record  and regarded the work as an important breakthrough in practical quantum computer .
AUSTIN , Texas -- Feb. 28 , 2010 , was a banner day for Texas wind to set the clouds -- and electrons -- flying .
In the Panhandle , gusts reached 47 miles per hour and wind generators delivered a record 6,242 megawatts of power to Dallas , Austin and other population centers .
At 1 p.m. , 22 percent of all the electricity consumed in the Texas grid was coming from wind .
To proud Texans like Public Utility Commission Chairman Barry Smitherman , such records document the state 's position as the " epicenter of land - based wind production " in the United States , if not the world , as the chairman put it .
At the end of 2009 , the capacity of Texas wind turbines , reaching to the horizons of farm and prairie land , totaled 9,410 megawatts , well more than the combined total of the next three largest wind - power states , Iowa , California and Washington .
Over the course of a year , wind power is providing 5 percent of Texas ' demand , and that would more than double if the state 's grid goals are achieved .
Is Texas the model for how expanding renewable generation and smart grid technologies could transform the nation 's utility sector ?
Or is the ornery independence of the Texas grid a telling example of how regional differences confront the search for national policies on energy ?
Evidence for both cases jumps out from the Lone Star State .
It clearly is center stage displaying the engineering , industry and political challenges of a large - scale build - out of wind , as called for by President Obama and his party 's leaders in Congress .
" It is a laboratory , if you like , a pilot , a test case , " says Gürcan Gülen , senior energy economist at the University of Texas , Austin .
The state 's pioneering electricity deregulation statute in 1999 included , almost as an afterthought , a requirement that Texas develop 2,000 megawatts of wind power by 2009 .
To prime the market , it created an energy trading program requiring power retailers to acquire -- and then retire -- renewable energy credits .
Texas raced past that first renewable energy milestone in 2005 , four years ahead of schedule , and is closing in on the new goal of 10,000 megawatts of renewable energy by 2025 .
More than half the states now have renewable energy mandates or goals , but Texas was at the front of the pack .
Looking to Texas for answers
Deregulation in Texas has created competitive electricity markets at wholesale and retail levels that , while suffering some " tortuous " growing pains , as one expert put it , have invited innovation and experimentation .
Millions of smart electric meters are being installed throughout the state .
Austin is the site of the one of the nation 's primary federal smart grid experiments , the Pecan Street Project , testing whether utilities can profitably switch from selling kilowatts to conserving them .
" We can bring new technologies very quickly into the market , " said Warren Lasher , manager of system assessment for ERCOT -- the Electric Reliability Council of Texas , the state 's grid operator .
" If all these things come together , we could see significant changes " in the state 's electricity system , Lasher said .
" You ca n't cut and paste from Texas to California or Pennsylvania .
But Texas stakeholders have spent a lot of time learning how to evolve our markets , " said Texas energy consultant Mark Bruce .
Perhaps the state 's most striking advance was the approval by the Public Utility Commission of Texas in 2005 of a plan to build a matrix of new transmission lines across west and central Texas to tap the full potential of its wind power .
The commission is overseeing the $ 5 billion construction of 2,300 miles of high - voltage lines into the wind zones .
While some projects have been delayed by siting issues and court disputes , and the regulatory timetable is tight , the expansion is still headed for substantial completion by 2013 to 2015 , experts say .
Then the network will be able to handle up to 18,000 megawatts of wind power at peak output .
By contrast , federal policy on transmission is hogtied by regional conflicts over who pays for long - distance transmission lines for renewable energy , and local opposition to new lines and their skyscraping towers .
In Texas , all customers bear a proportional share of the lines .
Grid operators who want to know how much wind or solar power the grid can handle look first to Texas for answers .
' The sons of bitches are trying to steal my lignite '
" I'm amazed , " said Roger Duncan , until recently the general manager of Austin Energy , the municipal utility in Texas ' capital .
" I remember the discussion 10 years ago , when we first started talking about this .
At our utility , the engineers were saying someday you might theoretically reach a point where you could get 20 percent of the grid powered by wind .
But it would be very difficult to do ; it would be decades away , and beyond 20 percent , you 'd crash the whole grid .
I do n't want to say there are n't any problems , but they are n't nearly as intractable as they looked 10 years ago . "
Blending wind energy , which literally changes with the fickle weather , is requiring steady advances in forecasting , control systems and wind turbine technology .
ERCOT 's consultant , GE Energy , concluded that up to 15,000 megawatts of wind power could be handled by the grid 's current architecture , assuming power demand at 2008 levels .
" At some point , you can't take any more wind , " Lasher said , without significant changes in the grid .
" We think there are off - the - shelf technologies that can solve all of the issues we face , " Lasher added .
Whatever surprises lie ahead may show up first in Texas .
" It 's safe to say we have the most wind to deal with , " said John Dumas , ERCOT 's manager of operations planning .
" We 've dealt with things other people have n't seen yet . "
Arguably , none of the Texas wind story would have been written , however , if the state had not essentially walled itself off from the rest of the nation 's electricity networks in the New Deal .
While electricity lines west and east of the Rockies are tied together as two synchronized generation systems , their power plants humming in close unison , two - thirds of Texas stands by itself .
Today , that grid is managed by ERCOT .
When Congress put the Federal Power Commission in charge of all wholesale interstate electricity sales in 1935 , Texas opted out and stayed out .
In a storied pre-dawn episode one day in 1976 , a Texas power company secretly rewired its lines near Wichita Falls , Texas , to a sister plant in Oklahoma in order to protect its status as an interstate holding company .
But since it was connected to other Texas utilities , its action appeared to subject the entire industry suddenly to federal control .
Texas might have to share its cheap coal - fired electricity with other states .
" The sons of bitches are trying to steal my lignite ! " then - Texas Utilities Chairman Louis Austin bellowed , as a former Texas Public Utility commissioner later recalled .
After lengthy battles in courts , legislatures and regulatory councils , Texas ' independence was preserved .
Wind has arrived : Just ask its opponents
Gülen and his colleagues were planning for an electric power policy conference in Washington earlier this year and were considering offering Texas as an example to the rest of the country .
" What people were telling us in Washington was , they did n't want to hear about it .
They see Texas as an exception , " he said .
A confluence of economic and political interests unique to Texas gave birth to the initial wind power mandate in 1999 , Duncan said .
" The western ranchers and farmers saw revenue opportunities .
They are a strong power in the Legislature . "
Meanwhile , environmental organizations wanted wind power , and some urban lawmakers saw the hope of cheaper power , he said .
" There was strong leadership for it [ in the Legislature ] , " said Texas state Sen. Kirk Watson ( D - Austin ) .
But many Texas lawmakers assumed the small renewable energy mandate would n't amount to anything .
In 2000 , soon after the law took effect , wind power generators began offering long - term fixed - price contracts .
That summer , the California energy crisis erupted , causing natural gas prices to triple -- along with electricity made with gas .
" Suddenly , all the big commercial customers said , ' Man , we can buy 10 - year fixed price ; we do n't care where the hell it comes from , ' " said Brewster McCracken , a former Austin City Council member who now heads the Pecan Street Project .
There is another way to measure the rising impact of wind power in Texas -- by tuning in to the opposition .
The state 's powerful natural gas producers have mounted a campaign inside ERCOT to compel wind generators to share the costs of meeting reserve requirements -- the generation that has to be on hand to serve demand when wind is n't blowing -- and of maintaining a stable transmission network .
Lowering prices , but at a cost
Older wind turbines typically have not been equipped or designed to support voltage levels on power lines , a critical stability factor , and were n't required to provide that service .
( New turbine designs can help keep frequency in line . )
A requirement that all wind generators retrofit their turbines to cover this issue would impose a heavy cost , wind developers say .
So would a new requirement that assesses costs to wind generators when they can't run .
The issues are being fought over now by industry factions on ERCOT 's policy committees .
Last month , the PUC tabled a measure on the issue , seeking further staff analysis .
The state 's largest power generators say it 's simple fairness :
The wind industry should play by the same rules everyone else faces .
But wind is not currently playing by the same rules .
Wind generators can offer their electricity for bid into the Texas wholesale market at a zero price because they pay no fuel costs .
At times , they even pay $ 10 per megawatt - hour or more for buyers to take their power because they receive a $ 20 per megawatt - hour federal production credit -- if they are running .
This lowers the wholesale price of electricity that all generators receive , in the way that the Texas market works , said Judy Chang , a principal at the Brattle Group consulting firm .
( The capital costs of building the wind farms get passed on through retail rates , Chang noted . )
With their lower prices , wind producers are pushing gas generators out of the market , Gülen said .
" That 's why gas plants are complaining , " Chang said .
" All the traditional resources are complaining . "
Wind could not compete if it were not for the subsidies and tax credits wind generators receive , said University of Texas professor Ross Baldick .
These transfers from taxpayers bring the cost of wind power down from about $ 80 per megawatt - hour to $ 50 or $ 60 , he said .
To the $ 80 cost without subsidies he would add $ 20 to $ 30 more per megawatt - hour for the cost of additional transmission to the wind zones and for backup services required when wind is n't blowing .
That takes the real price of wind power to more than $ 100 a megawatt - hour .
" That is expensive compared to alternative approaches to reducing emissions , " he said .
Texas law professor Drew Thornley made the same point in a 2008 paper for the conservative Texas Public Policy Foundation .
" I am not anti-wind .
I am anti-subsidy .
We 're throwing a ton of money at wind , but we 're not getting the return from it , " he said .
Baldick estimated that the United States would have to adopt a national climate policy imposing a price of $ 30 per ton of greenhouse gas emissions before wind power can stand on its own economically -- a target that appears out of reach politically , at least for now .
" It 's been great that we 've developed so many gigawatts of wind in Texas .
Now it 's important for us to take a deep breath and reevaluate the policy goals we 're trying to achieve , " he said .
The next fight : generation growth
Bruce , the consultant who works for wind producers , said real fairness requires the calculation of all of wind power 's benefits .
These include its impact on reducing smog and acid rain components and mercury emissions , with their threat to wildlife and the food chain .
Wind power reduces demand for water -- heavily used by conventional generators -- and that protects a resource particularly threatened in the Southwest .
The lessons learned from the Texas wind power story are also writing the first chapters for new energy policies that will be required when the climate threat becomes a political reality to Americans , wind proponents say .
" You can say , we have to buy more [ grid ] services because of wind , so OK , stick wind with the cost .
You could also argue -- correctly -- that wind power provides benefits far above those costs , " Bruce said .
" I do n't think we know yet where to find consensus on this issue , " said Bruce , who has represented wind producers on the issue .
The majority on the ERCOT board " is taking a deep , hard look at this issue .
There are more votes to come . "
To Duncan , the struggle between gas and wind at the regulator 's table has one simple message .
" When they start fighting over the technical rules , you know wind has arrived , by golly . "
" We 're in the battle now between wind and natural gas for generation growth probably for at least the next decade " in Texas .
" Both have pros and cons , and it will vary by region as to who wins , " Duncan said .
It 's another reason to keep an eye on Texas .
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Space Jam Based On Sacred Mayan
Text ?
By Rob Christopher in Arts & Entertainment on May 27 , 2010 2:40 PM
Via CINE -FILE contributor Michael Castelle , we learn of a mind - bending paper written by former Chicago gay rights activist and linguistics professor Michal Brody .
She argues that the Michael Jordan / Bugs Bunny flick Space Jam contains several uncanny parallels to the Popol Vuh , the sacred Mayan text detailing the ancient people 's creation account .
( The earliest surviving copy of this manuscript is actually in the collection of the Newberry Library . )
Here we quote directly from Castelle :
Consciously or unconsciously , the film 's writers have developed a narrative in which a pair of heroes ( Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan ) 1 ) are summoned to play a high - stakes underworld ball - game against a variety of frightening villains , 2 ) manage to defeat those villains through the heroes ' summoning of extra- human ability , and 3 ) ascend from the underworld with a glowing orb , all of which occur in the Popol Vuh .
While the details vary ( in the Popol Vuh , the heroes intend to retrieve the head of their father , Hunahpu ; whereas in Space Jam , the villains have stolen the talent of NBA stars such as Charles Barkley and Patrick Ewing ) , the congruence is remarkable .
Brody also shows that the well - known phonetic irregularities of , e.g. , Daffy Duck and Sylvester are quite analogous to those of ancestral characters in a variety of native cosmologies .
You can decide for yourself : read the full text of Michal Brody 's paper after seeing Space Jam on the big screen at U of C Doc Films , Thursday , June 3 at 9:15 p.m.
Aside from the possible Mayan similarities , the movie also features a funny cameo by Bill Murray and the classic R. Kelly song , " I Believe I Can Fly , " though there are no known Mayan parallels to R. Kelly .
That we know of .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
WorldNetDaily released another one of its “ explosive ” books this week , billing it as the most “ exhaustive investigation ever performed into [ President ]
Obama ’s political background and radical ties . ”
Written by Aaron Klein , the reporter who broke the story about Obama ’s association with former Weatherman Bill Ayers during the 2008 campaign , The Manchurian President promises to reveal “ shocking ” new details about Obama ’s association with the Nation of Islam , how his “ hope ” and “ change ” campaign slogans actually stem from communist activism , and “ startling ” new facts about his eligibility to serve as president .
By Wednesday , the book had already hit # 5 on the Amazon top seller list .
What a surprise , then , that so many journalists have refused to read it .
According to WND , the mainstream journalists who received free copies for their perusal not only were n’t interested , but they sent really nasty notes to the nice publicist who sent the books :
“ Ridiculous crap , ” retorted John Oswald , news editor for the New York Daily News .
“ Never , ever contact me again , ” wrote Time Magazine senior writer Jeffrey Kluger .
Newsweek deputy editor Rana Foroohar quipped , “ This is sensational rubbish that is of no interest to any legitimate publication . ”
“ Absolute crap , ” replied Evelyn Leopold , a Huffington Post contributor who served for 17 years as U.N. bureau chief for Reuters until recently .
Nancy Gibbs , editor - at - large for Newsweek , fired , “ Remove me from your list . ”
David Knowles , AOL ’s political writer , responded , “ seriously , get a life . ”
Ben Wyskida , publicity director for The Nation , claimed Klein ’s book is “ so offensive ” and “ so far afield . ”
( Mother Jones , sadly , was not sent a copy of the book , but for the record , we would have happily taken one . )
Reporters ’ reaction to WND ’s latest publishing feat is just the most recent indignity the company has suffered at the hands of the mainstream media .
Last month , WND filed suit against the White House Correspondents Association for refusing to give the outfit three tables at its prestigious annual dinner .
WND alleges that the association snubbed its White House correspondent , Les Kinsolving , by refusing him a ticket to the event , at which WND had hoped to celebrate the publication of his new biography , Gadfly .
So WND engaged Clinton - era legal pest Larry Klayman to sue .
It ’s demanding $ 10 million .
WND has griped that it was discriminated against by the association , of which Kinsolving has been a member for much longer than say , anyone at Huffington Post , which got a table at the event even thought it was n’t even a member of the association a year ago .
The WHCA ’s action , the complaint says , “ harms WND ’s access to White House reporting and its reputation generally , as it is being treated as a ‘ black sheep ’ in the media world . ”
This is n’t the first time WND has run into trouble with the mainstream media gatekeepers .
In 2002 , the Senate press gallery denied WND reporters press credentials giving them media access to the Hill .
It was ultimately accredited after threatening to sue .
Of course , there ’s a reason WND might be getting the cold shoulder .
For instance , “ Kooky ” Kingsolving , as Politico has dubbed him , is famous for asking questions during White House press conferences like this one : “ While he was in Hawaii , did the president visit the hospital where he was reportedly born , which is which one ? ”
And it ’s not hard to see why the media organizations might not want WND in their midst .
Joseph Farah , WND ’s publisher , has bought billboard advertising questioning Obama ’s citizenship , an issue that has long been settled .
( Obama is one . )
The group ’s reporting ethics have also been a little suspect .
Last year , WND published The Muslim Mafia , a book written after the son of one of its authors “ infiltrated ” the Council on American Islamic Relations by pretending to be a Muslim covert and getting a job there as an intern .
He then proceeded to steal a bunch of documents that were later used to write the book .
Still , none of that is any reason for journalists to respond with such hostility to a free book .
As with most of the books they get every day from publicists , they do n’t have to read it .
UPDATE : Thursday afternoon , WND editor - in - chief Joseph Farah sent out an email promoting The Manchurian President , highlighting the mainstream reporters ’ refusal to come near the thing .
Much to our amazement , he gives a friendly nod to Mother Jones , writing , “ It ’s also worth noting that , to their credit , leftist journals like Mother Jones asked for copies of the book .
Presumably they have enough intellectual integrity to read before they discount and dismiss . ”
Starring super - notorious musclebound punk / metaldudes Glenn Danzig and Henry Rollins ( with a little help from super - notorious soft - rockdudes Hall and Oates ) Henry & Glenn Forever is a love story to end all love stories !
The premise of this comic is explained in the beginning , “ Henry and Glenn are very good ' friends . '
They are also ' room mates . '
Daryl and John live next door .
They are satanists . ”
What follows is ultra-metal violence and cryfest diary entries , cringing self - doubt and mega- hilarious emo-meltdowns .
Who knew Danzig was such a vulnerable , self - conscious sweety - pie ?
Who knew Rollins was such a caring spouse ?
Who knew Hall and Oates were so infernally evil — yet so considerate ?
Well , illustrating / writing team Igloo Tornado ( featuring super - awesome comixdude Tom Neely ) did and they kicked down 66 fully - illustrated pages with it .
Genius on all fronts .
Terrifyingly cute .
Cutely terrifying .
As the real - life Rollins says , quoted on the back cover , “ Has Glenn seen this ?
Trust me , he would not be impressed . ”
President Obama denounced Republicans on Tuesday for “ playing special - interest politics ” after a GOP senator thwarted a Democratic effort to raise the liability cap for oil spills to $ 10 billion .
Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) was seeking the unanimous consent of the Senate to move forward on the Big Oil Bailout Prevention Act , which would retroactively boost the legal cap of $ 75 million on how much companies must pay for economic damages .
But Sen. James M. Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) blocked the effort , saying it would make drilling too expensive for smaller companies .
“ Big Oil would love to have these caps there so they can shut out all the independents , ” he said , echoing the argument of Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) , who halted an identical move last week .
The legislative maneuvering came as federal officials expanded the no-fishing zone to nearly a fifth of the Gulf of Mexico .
The closure now totals 45,728 square miles , extending southeast from the blowout site .
BP , the company responsible for the ongoing oil leak in the gulf , released four videos of the underwater well after several days of pressure from members of Congress .
A Monday video , aired by Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , showed a suction tube that BP had inserted to suck up part of the oil from a broken pipe on the sea floor .
“ There ’s the oil , ” Boxer said , noting that it was still spewing despite BP ’s efforts .
“ It ’s not doing what a lot of us were hoping it would do . ”
Boxer ’s committee was one of three Senate committees that grilled high - ranking administration officials Tuesday .
Scientists who have suggested that the spill may be several times larger than BP ’s estimate of 210,000 gallons a day are scheduled to testify before a House subcommittee Wednesday .
Speaking earlier before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar acknowledged what he called “ ethical lapses ” on the part of the Minerals Management Service , the agency responsible for overseeing oil drilling on federal land and waters .
“ We need to clean up that house , ” he said , adding that there were “ a few bad apples ” among the agency ’s 1,700 employees .
BP has pledged to pay all “ legitimate ” claims of economic damage despite the current cap of $ 75 million .
But Democratic lawmakers want to see a $ 10 - billion cap set into law , just in case BP resists paying what is expected to be billions of dollars in claims .
The April 20 BP blowout is expected to cause billions of dollars in damage to fisheries and tourism , which would be covered by the bill .
The administration has not specified by what amount it wants to raise the cap .
But the move to block the liability bill drew a sharp rebuke from Obama .
“ This maneuver threatens to leave taxpayers , rather than the oil companies , on the hook for future disasters like the BP oil spill , ” he said .
“ I urge the Senate Republicans to stop playing special - interest politics … and demand accountability from the oil companies . ”
Alarm grew in Florida as about 20 tar balls of unknown origin swept up in the Keys .
Officials are testing the tar balls to determine whether they came from the spill .
The Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality has photographed oil reaching the shore of southern Plaquemines Parish in the Mississippi River Delta .
Jane Lubchenco , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , told the Senate commerce committee that the oil slick could be swept up into the Loop Current , which curls around the Florida Peninsula .
But by the time it reaches the Florida Straits , possibly in eight to 12 days , “ It would likely be significantly weathered and degraded as well as diluted , ” she said .
Simon reported from Washington and Roosevelt from Los Angeles .
richard.simon@latimes.com
margot.roosevelt@latimes.com
Researchers sequencing Neandertal DNA have concluded that between 1 and 4 percent of the DNA of people today who live outside Africa came from Neandertals , the result of interbreeding between Neandertals and early modern humans .
A team of scientists led by Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig pieced together the first draft of the sequence — which represents about 60 percent of the entire genome — using DNA obtained from three Neandertal bones that come from Vindija cave in Croatia and are more than 38,000 years old .
The researchers detail their analysis of the sequence in the May 7 Science .
The evidence that Neandertals contributed DNA to modern humans came as a shock to the investigators .
“ First I thought it was some kind of statistical fluke , ” Pääbo remarked during a press teleconference on May 5 .
“ We as a consortium came into this with a very , very strong bias against gene flow , ” added team member David Reich of Harvard University .
But when the researchers conducted additional analyses , the results all pointed to the same conclusion .
Rethinking the Gene Pool
The finding contrasts sharply with Pääbo 's previous work .
In 1997 he and his colleagues sequenced the first Neandertal mitochondrial DNA .
Mitochondria are the cell ’s energy - generating organelles , and they have their own DNA , which is distinct from the much longer DNA sequence that resides in the cell ’s nucleus .
Their analysis revealed that Neandertals had not made any contributions to modern mitochondrial DNA .
Yet because mitochondrial DNA represents only a tiny fraction of an individual ’s genetic makeup , the possibility remained that Neandertal nuclear DNA might tell a different story .
Still , additional genetic analyses have typically led researchers to conclude that Homo sapiens arose in Africa and replaced the archaic humans it encountered as it spread out from its birthplace without mingling with them .
But mingle they apparently did , according to the new study .
When Pääbo ’s team looked at patterns of nuclear genome variation in present - day humans , it identified 12 genome regions where non-Africans exhibited variants that were not seen in Africans and that were thus candidates for being derived from the Neandertals , who lived not in Africa but Eurasia .
Comparing those regions with the same regions in the newly assembled Neandertal sequence , the researchers found 10 matches , meaning 10 of these 12 variants in non-Africans came from Neandertals .
( Where the other two segments came from remains unknown . )
Intriguingly , the researchers failed to detect a special affinity to Europeans — a link that might have been expected given that Neandertals seem to have persisted in Europe longer than anywhere else before disappearing around 28,000 years ago .
Rather , the Neandertal sequence was equally close to sequences from present - day people from France , Papua New Guinea and China , even though no Neandertal specimens have turned up in the latter two parts of the world .
By way of explanation , the investigators suggest that the interbreeding occurred in the Middle East between 45,000 and 80,000 years ago , before moderns fanned out to other parts of the Old World and split into different groups .
Bolstering Multiregional
Theory ?
Intermixing does not surprise paleoanthropologists who have long argued on the basis of fossils that archaic humans , such as the Neandertals in Eurasia and Homo erectus in East Asia , mated with early moderns and can be counted among our ancestors — the so - called multiregional evolution theory of modern human origins .
The detection of Neandertal DNA in present - day people thus comes as welcome news to these scientists .
“ It is important evidence for multiregional evolution , ” comments Milford H. Wolpoff of the University of Michigan , the leading proponent of the theory .
The new finding shows that “ gene flow across taxonomic boundaries happens , ” observes geneticist Michael F. Hammer of the University of Arizona .
Hammer is among the minority of geneticists who have espoused the idea of gene flow between archaic and modern populations .
His own studies of the DNA of people living today have uncovered , for example , a stretch of DNA that seems to have come from encounters between moderns and H. erectus .
Some experts suspect that the estimate for the amount of Neandertal DNA people carry today could rise with further studies — if a Neandertal from the Middle East were sequenced , for instance .
In addition , says paleoanthropologist John Hawks of the University of Wisconsin , the current study might be obscuring a contribution of Neandertal genes to the African gene pool , because the team specifically looked to explain genetic diversity in non-Africans compared with Africans .
He and his colleagues are currently working on a way to assess that possibility .
Many researchers concur that the results disprove the strict Out of Africa replacement model of modern human origins .
In a prepared statement Out of Africa theorist Christopher B. Stringer of the Natural History Museum in London said “ although I have never ruled out the possibility of interbreeding , I have considered this to have been small and insignificant in the bigger picture of our evolution — for example , the results of isolated interbreeding events could easily have been lost in the intervening millennia .
Now , the Neanderthal genome strongly suggests those genes were not lost , and that many of us outside of Africa have some Neanderthal inheritance . ”
But Stringer maintains that the origin of our species is mostly an Out of Africa story .
Population geneticist Laurent Excoffier of the University of Bern in Switzerland agrees that Out of Africa is still the most plausible model of modern human origins , noting that the alleged admixture did not continue as moderns moved into Europe .
“ In all scenarios of speciation , there is a time during which two diverging species remain interfertile , ” he explains .
Other Forebears as Well ?
Pääbo , for his part , says that now that his team has shown that early modern humans interbred with one archaic group , he thinks other archaic humans might have passed along genes to us through interbreeding .
Whether such contributions might have been beneficial remains unknown , however , although the Neandertal DNA in non-Africans does not seem to encode anything particularly important from a functional standpoint .
In addition to illuminating how Neandertals and moderns interacted , the Neandertal genome is helping researchers to figure out which parts of the modern human genome separate us from all other creatures .
“ Many traits that distinguish humans from chimps are believed to have evolved more recently than the human–Neanderthal split , ” observes biostatistician Katherine S. Pollard of the Gladstone Institutes at the University of California , San Francisco .
“ A Neanderthal genome is a very important step towards determining the genetic basis for these characteristics that define the modern human species . ”
Thus far , Pääbo ’s group has identified a number of modern human genome regions containing sequence variation that is not seen in Neandertals and that may have helped modern humans adapt .
Some of these regions play a role in cognitive development , sperm movement and the physiology of the skin .
But exactly how these slight changes to the modern human sequence affected the functioning of these genome regions remains to be determined .
“ A complete understanding of this is really a stepwise process , ” team member Richard E. Green of the University of California , Santa Cruz , remarked at the press teleconference .
“ What we have done here is take a really important step forward .
We can say exactly what changes happened recently with very high resolution . ”
Says Pääbo : “ This is just the beginning of the exploration of human uniqueness that is now possible . ”
There are currently 85,076 inmates in England and Wales
The prison population in England and Wales has reached a record high , exceeding 85,000 for the first time .
There are currently 85,076 inmates , compared with 84,897 in March .
If the rise continues at that rate , the total will surpass 85,700 by the end of June .
But there are still 2,000 places left in the " useable " capacity of 87,196 .
The increase is likely to be partly due to the phasing out of the early release scheme , which allowed some inmates to be let out 18 days early until 9 April .
Prison chiefs began using the scheme in June 2007 amid rising prisoner numbers .
Between then and February 2010 , about 80,000 inmates - serving up to four years for a range of less serious offences - have been freed early .
' Out of control '
In February , Justice Secretary Jack Straw announced the scheme would start being phased out from 12 March 2010 .
Mr Straw told MPs that there were now enough spare places in the prison system to mean it was no longer necessary to consider any prisoners for the scheme .
At the time , he said the prison service was on track to have 96,000 spaces available by 2014 because of the current building programme .
This ceaseless growth in prison numbers is untenable and any new administration will have to bite the bullet and find a strategic way to reduce the prison population
Frances Crook Howard League for Penal Reform BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said Friday 's figures , confirmed by the Ministry of Justice , showed the prison population in England and Wales had gone up by about 24,000 since Labour came to office in 1997 .
Juliet Lyon , director of the Prison Reform Trust , said the cost of sustaining the " out of control " population had " gone beyond affordable bounds " .
" Each new prison place costs £ 170,000 to build and maintain , and the cost per prisoner per year is £ 41,000 .
" Instead of planning how to cope with ever rising prison numbers , politicians should be working hard to reduce any unnecessary use of imprisonment .
" This would mean less breach and remand , fewer mandatory terms , a review of indeterminate sentences and proportionate sentencing guidelines , " she said .
Frances Crook , of the Howard League for Penal Reform , called for the leaders of all political parties to set out their policies to tackle numbers behind bars ahead of the general election .
She said : " This ceaseless growth in prison numbers is untenable and any new administration will have to bite the bullet and find a strategic way to reduce the prison population . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Following a few recent discussions on the forum ( here and here ) , I decided to make a pair of softball pull - up grips .
A quick search of the web brought up one commercial option that retails for over $ 70 .
The DIY model will cost closer to $ 10 .
To begin , I purchased two softballs for a total of $ 6 , and then two eye bolts with a nut and washer for each ( $ 4 ) .
The eye bolts are 6 inches long and 3/8 ″ thick .
I drilled a hole through each ball and then screwed in the eye bolt .
The drilled hole should be slightly smaller than the eye bolt to ensure a tight fit .
I then added a washer and nut to the protruding end .
To attach the grips to the pull - up bar , I made two connectors with chain and a spring clip .
Other attachments could certainly be used , but I already had these on hand .
Next , you can see how the connectors attach around the pull - up bar :
If you are looking to add some grip work to your pull - up routine , these grips are an inexpensive and effective option .
These grips can also be attached to rings for body rows .
For approximately $ 10 and ten minutes of your time , these grips make for a very easy do - it - yourself project .
More homemade equipment ideas can be found within the link below :
Homemade Equipment Archives
From Conservapedia
Baraminology is the study of baramins , also known by the Biblical term kinds .
A baramin is a lineage of earthly life which is believed by Young Earth Creationists to be created by God during the creation week , and corresponds in some functional aspects to the secular concept of species .
However , unlike species concepts that are based on Darwinian thinking , the baraminic barrier is inviolable , as other baramins do not evolve from earlier baramins .
Jonathan Sarfati writes regarding the Biblical kinds of organisms :
Based on the Biblical criterion for kinds , creationists deduce that as long as two creatures can hybridize with true fertilization , the two creatures are ( i.e. descended from ) the same kind .
Also , if two creatures can hybridize with the same third creature , they are all members of the same kind .
The hybridization criterion is a valid operational definition , which could in principle enable researchers to list all the kinds .
The implication is one - way — hybridization is evidence that they are the same kind , but it does not necessarily follow that if hybridization cannot occur then they are not members of the same kind ( failure to hybridize could be due to degenerative mutations ) .
After all , there are couples who ca n’t have children , and we do n’t classify them as a different species , let alone a different kind . [ 1 ]
Baraminology , as a model of origins , complements the Linnaean taxonomic system , which is also based on the Biblical view of origins .
Baraminology is seen as an alternative to the evolutionary system of cladistics , which is generally considered incompatible with Linnaean taxonomy since cladistics proposes an unfixed hierarchy . [ 2 ]
History
The term baramin was coined in 1941 by Frank Marsh from the Hebrew words bara ( create ) and min ( kind ) .
It was resurrected in 1990 by Kurt Wise for use as the unit of creation in his discontinuous biosystematical system .
From this came the term baraminology .
That same year at the Second International Conference on Creationism in Pittsburgh , Walter ReMine introduced additional sub-terms to help clarify baraminological discourse : holobaramin , monobaramin , apobaramin , and polybaramin . [
3 ]
Baraminological Terms
Holobaramin : A Holobaramin is a grouping that contains all organisms related by descent , not excluding any .
For example , Humans are a holobaramin , meaning all members of our species ( Homo sapiens ) are descended from a singular creation event ( i.e. the creation of Adam and Eve ) and will always be fully and completely human .
Culturally , many racial ideas and myths still stubbornly linger on , but recent research regarding genetic diversity in humans , has convinced a great majority of scientists that " race " is no longer a useful concept in understanding our species .
An example would be dogs , which form a holobaramin since wolves , coyotes , domesticated dogs and other canids are all descended from two individuals taken aboard the Ark , and there are no other creatures that are genetically continuous with them .
This term is synonymous with the use of " baramin " above and is the primary term in baraminology .
Monobaramin : A monobaramin is an ad hoc group of organisms who share common descent .
Any group of specific members of a holobaramin such as wolves , poodles , and terriers or the humans Tom , Dick , and Harry are monobarmins .
Holobaramins contain monobaramins ; for instance , wolves are a monobaramin of the Dog holobaramin .
Apobaramin : An apobaramin is a group of holobaramins .
Humans and Dogs are an apobaramin since both members are holobaramins .
A group containing Caucasians and wolves is not an apobaramin since both members are monobaramins .
Polybaramin : A polybaramin is an ad hoc group of organisms where at least one of the members must not be a holobaramin and must be unrelated to any or all of the others .
For example : Humans , wolves and a duck are a polybaraminic group .
This term is useful for describing such hodgepodge mixtures of creatures .
Three additional terms introduced by Wise : [ 3 ]
Archaebaramin : An archaebaramin is the originally - created individual (s ) of a given holobaramin .
For instance , Adam and Eve form the archaebaramin of the holobaramin of Humanity .
Neobaramin & Paleobaramin : A neobaramin is the living population of a given holobaramin , whereas a paleobaramin represents older forms of a given holobaramin .
Neobaramins have undergone genetic degradation from their perfectly created forms ( archaebaramin ) and so may differ from their paleobaramins in notable ways .
For example , the neobaramin of Humanity has a much shorter lifespan and greater prevalence of genetic diseases than the Human paleobaramin ( e.g. Adam lived for 930 years [ 4 ] and his children could interbreed without fear of deformity [ 5 ] ) .
Baraminic Demarcation
In order to determine the baraminicity of a given group of organisms , baraminic demarcation must be evaluated .
This process involves four foundational concepts : [ 6 ]
Biological Character Space ( BCS ) : A theoretical multidimensional space in which each character ( e.g. height or color ) of an organism comprises a dimension , and particular states of that character occupy unique positions along the dimension .
A single organism is therefore precisely defined by a single point in the multidimensional space .
Potentiality Region : A region of that biological character space within which organismal form is possible .
Therefore , any point in the biological character space that is not within a potentiality region describes an organism that cannot exist .
Continuity : describes the relationship between two organisms which are either in the same potentiality region , or linked to each other by a third , such that transmutation between the two is theoretically possible .
Discontinuity : describes the relationship between two organisms which are in disconnected potentiality regions , such that transmutation between the two is impossible .
Thus , organisms that are found to be continuous in a BCS potentiality region form a holobaramin or monobaramin ( depending on if all organisms within the potentiality region are considered ) , whereas those that are discontinuous form a polybaramin or apobaramin ( again , depending on completeness of the organisms considered ) .
Evolutionist view
Evolutionary scientists criticize Baraminology , claiming that it lacks rigorous testing and fails to produce any peer reviewed scientific research .
[ 7 ]
It is regarded as pseudoscience by evolutionary scientists .
However their claim has been rejected by creation scientists who described it as a young field still in development and stated that criticism can be resolved with further research . [ 8 ]
No creature has ever been observed changing from one Baramin into another .
Evolutionist Richard Lenski claims to have observed a bacteria evolving , but even if the unproven claim [ 9 ] is true , the bacteria is still bacteria , it has not left its Baramin .
Further Information
Really , it does n't get more sublimely idiotic than it did last night on Greta Van Susteren 's Fox News show , when she brought on Sarah Palin to attack the imminent passage of health - care reform .
Why oh why was n't this a bipartisan bill ?
Van Susteren wondered .
In a rational world , the simple answer would be obvious : Because Republicans have found it more politically expedient to simply oppose every step taken by President Obama .
But of course in Palintopia , it 's all President Obama 's fault :
Palin :
It really reflects a lack of experience of President Obama's , which -- it was warned about during the campaign that Candidate Obama did n't have executive experience , he has n't been an administrator or a manager of anything .
So to jump into this huge -- hugely important responsible position as President of the United States without the experience to know how to work across party lines , and to know how to administer and to manage a team to get policy through that makes sense , that 's supported by the people -- it 's a bit , um , it 's a bit over his head , if you will .
And , uh , things are n't going well , and the public is really voicing their frustration .
Of course , hearing Palin talk up her " executive experience " as somehow superior to Obama 's is always occasion for low mordant chuckles , if not outright guffaws .
In the course of carefully examining Palin 's public record as an administrator -- particularly her stint as Mayor of Wasilla -- for the investigative piece Max Blumenthal and I co-wrote for Salon in October 2008 , I happen to be intimately familiar with just what kind of issues and decisions Sarah Palin dealt with on a daily basis .
Primarily , Palin was involved with such vital issues as which streets to pave in town , whether to put a levy for a sewer bond , and issuing proclamations of support for the Iditarod .
Probably her most difficult issue involved construction of a new sports - activity center -- a project that turned into a gigantic financial headache for her former constituents .
So when she talks about cramming bad ideas down people 's throats with deceptive tactics , she knows whereof she speaks .
But the notion that Palin's " experience " compares to Obama 's background crafting legislation that affects the health and well - being of millions of Americans -- well , let 's just say the guffaws are well earned .
KINGDOM HEARTS fans take note !
Today , our friends at Square Enix announced that KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep will be available in North American on September 7 .
A prequel to the mega - hit series , this pivotal installment takes you back to the beginning of the KINGDOM HEARTS saga , where you will explore iconic Disney worlds through the perspectives of three different main characters : Terra , Ventus and Aqua .
In celebration of the game ’s launch , we ’re introducing a new limited edition KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep PSP Entertainment Pack , which brings together the stunning visuals of KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep and the robust portable gaming experience only possible on the PSP system .
You ’ll be able to pick up the new limited edition KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep PSP Entertainment Pack at GameStop locations on September 7 , for $ 199.99 ( MSRP ) .
The limited edition Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep PSP Entertainment Pack will include :
“ Mystic - Silver ” PSP - 3000 system
KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep on UMD ( Universal Media Disc ) *
Movie ( to be announced )
4GB Memory Stick PRO Duo
You can expect this along with many more premiere PSP titles from both first and third - party publishers coming later this year .
If you ’re looking for the best in portable gaming , PSP is the place to be .
* Movie content will not be related to KINGDOM HEARTS series
* Party quits coalition , prime minister tenders resignation
* King is still considering his response
* Political paralysis could hurt economy
( Updates with parliament sittings suspended , king ’s audiences )
By Antonia van de Velde
BRUSSELS , April 22 ( Reuters ) - Belgian Prime Minister
Yves Leterme ’s government collapsed on Thursday after the Flemish liberal party pulled out of his five - month - old coalition , causing a crisis that could damage its fragile economy .
Leterme , 49 , tendered his government ’s resignation to King Albert after an emergency cabinet meeting , but the monarch did not immediately decide whether to accept it .
“ The king and the prime minister jointly underlined that , in the current circumstances , a political crisis would be inopportune and would seriously damage both the economic and social well - being of the citizens and the role of Belgium in Europe , ” the palace said in a written statement .
Political analysts said Leterme might be persuaded to stay on .
Otherwise parliament would have to be dissolved and an election held within 40 days .
The king later consulted the speakers of the lower and upper houses of parliament and was expected to receive the heads of Belgium ’s mainstream parties .
Sittings in the lower house , which was due to vote on a bill to ban wearing the burqa in public on Thursday , was suspended until next week .
Without the backing of the centre - right Open VLD , the remaining four parties in government still had 76 of the 150 seats in the lower house of parliament but the coalition would have found it hard to govern with such a slim majority .
Open VLD said it had lost faith in the government , which groups parties from centre - left to centre - right , because it had failed to resolve a dispute between French - and Dutch - speaking parties over electoral boundaries around the capital , Brussels .
“ We have not agreed on a negotiated solution and therefore Open VLD no longer has confidence in the government , ” said Alexander De Croo , the party ’s chairman .
Economists have expressed concern that political paralysis in the linguistically - divided country of 10.6 million people as it recovers from the global economic crisis would harm the prospects of reducing Belgium ’s budget deficit .
The government forecasts the deficit will be 4.8 percent of gross domestic product in 2010 , and Belgian debt is expected to exceed 100 percent of GDP this year .
The premium investors demanded for holding Belgian debt increased on Thursday .
The spread between 10 - year Belgian bonds and German bunds had widened to a four week high of 51 basis points from 43 at Wednesday ’s close , although this was in line with a widening trend for other euro zone sovereign bonds .
BACK ON THE RADAR SCREEN
“ Until now we may say that Belgium was off the radar screen of the financial markets , but this political crisis could bring Belgium back on to the radar screen of those shorting debt markets , speculators or otherwise , ” said Etienne de Callatay , economist at Bank Degroof in Brussels , referring to the practice of trying to profit from a decline in an asset ’s value .
Leterme became prime minister for a second time last November when Herman Van Rompuy left the post to become president of the European Union .
Even at the start of his second term , political and economic analysts said they were worried it could prove as unstable as his first nine months in power in 2008 , when Belgium lurched from one crisis to another .
Leterme ’s nine - month struggle to form his first government fuelled concerns in the media at the time that Belgium could break apart and raised the risk premium investors demanded to hold government bonds .
Belgium , home to European Union institutions and the NATO military alliance , will not want to let domestic problems drag on because on July 1 it takes over the six - month EU presidency , an organisational role held by each member state in turn .
“ It ’s very embarrassing and it ’s an embarrassment on top of a previous embarrassment , ” said Carl Devos , politics professor at Ghent University .
For a factbox on the crisis , double - click on [ ID : nLDE63L0HR ]
For facts about Leterme , double - click on [ ID : nLDE63L1BS ]
For a snap analysis , double - click on [ ID : nLDE63L1HO ]
( Additional reporting by Luke Baker and Ben Deighton , writing by Philip Blenkinsop , editing by Diana Abdallah )
Greetings sleepless Fold !
What ’s the weirdest dream you ’ve had lately ( or ever ) ?
- bman
" Clash of the Titans " finished in first place at the weekend box office .
The 3 - D remake of the mythological adventure movie from 1981 brought in $ 61.4 million to take the top slot .
The film also set a record for the biggest - ever Easter weekend debut , beating " Scary Movie 4 " for that honor .
Tyler Perry 's movie " Why Did I Get Married Too ? " ( Lionsgate ) ...
East Bay residents are enrolling in twelve - step - like classes that use cannabis to quit heroin , pills , cigarettes , alcohol , and other addictive substances , defying decades of Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous tradition .
Even though NA and AA both mandate abstinence from all illegal drugs , that one - size fits all approach does n't work for all addicts , says Harm Reduction Clinical Consultant Jennifer Janichek .
For the last six weeks , Janichek , along with two other clinicians , have been running pro-cannabis mental health and addiction services for a handful of people out of the Harborside Health Center in Oakland .
The free mental health services paid for by the area 's largest cannabis dispensary explain the safest way to smoke pot — which is not physically addictive — and use it to combat depression , anxiety , and addiction .
For years , there 've been anecdotal reports about people using cannabis to quit harder drugs .
The process is called “ substitution ” , and it 's a tactic that 's beginning to be endorsed by the “ harm reduction ” philosophy of mental health .
Janichek says the philosophy of harm reduction is most popularly associated with needle exchanges , condom disbursement , ecstasy pill testing , and seat belt laws .
Harm reduction accepts that some people will engage in risky behavior , and therefore clinicians should seek to reduce the harms associated with such risks .
That might include endorsing a little pot over a lot of OxyContin .
“ A lot of these folks go to NA or AA and can't talk about their medical cannabis use because it 's frowned upon , " Janichek says .
" NA and AA would n't view users as being sober .
I 've talked to folks who 've had a really good experience in NA except they could n't share that piece of their life . ”
So Harborside crafted a program that 's similar to traditional twelve - step programs , but ignores the pot smoking .
This concept of substitution is cutting edge , with new research just coming out .
According to a poll of medical cannabis users by UC Berkeley 's Dr. Amanda Reinman , published in the Harm Reduction Journal of December 2009 :
“ Forty percent [ of those polled ] have used cannabis as a substitute for alcohol , 26 % as a substitute for illicit drugs and 66 % as a substitute for prescription drugs .
The most common reasons given for substituting were : less adverse side effects ( 65 % ) , better symptom management ( 57 % ) , and less withdrawal potential ( 34 % ) with cannabis . ”
With that reality in mind , Janichek designed a Substance Use & Misuse Clinical Services Program at Harborside Health Center that is currently at capacity .
The program includes information sharing sessions , depression forums , social skills groups , online support groups , and one - on - one counseling .
She says most of the clients who sign up report depression , anxiety , and mostly a lot of questions .
“ These are people that are functioning for the most part in most areas of their life , they 're just trying to work on some things , ” she says .
“ People are looking for more information about different substances .
A lot of folks are DARE generation at this point and they have n't been given honest information on the basics of different drugs and what they do to your body . ”
Kids want to know if it's okay to break up Adderall and snort it , or which is healthier : smoking out of a bong or hitting a joint , she says .
She consults the literature and tells them .
Janichek would never order someone with a problem to simply quit smoking pot .
Harm reduction inverts the AA model where users must admit their powerlessness .
Addicts are n't powerless , they 're smart enough to make their own choices , she says .
“ I would have the person reflect on the risks and limitations of their use and help them come to an understanding of ' do I want to change ? '
We really believe in building off the positive rather than being powerless . ”
Janichek is tracking the outcomes of Harborside 's free , cannabis - positive mental health services , with the goal of extrapolating the data into guidelines and replicating the services in other dispensaries .
“ My Logo on a Bootleg My Little Pony Giant Inflatable Sex Doll , You Say ? ”
Hongyi Toys
If we 're suppressing our gag reflex long enough to think
10 Can’t - Miss Short Films
You wo n't see these short films in the theater , but they 're some of our favorite videos .
Short films rarely get the respect they deserve .
You wo n’t find a ten - minute flick at your local movie theater , and even Netflix may not deliver what you ’re looking for .
And it ’s a pity , because sometimes a movie that ’s ten minutes or less can be far more powerful than a traditional film .
Fortunately , many short films are available online for free — you just need to know where to find them .
These ten shorts feature an incredible variety : some are animated , some are n’t ; some are English - language and some are foreign ; and while some are created by professional filmmakers , others are made by pure amateurs .
Either way , we love them all .
Hope you do too !
Get Out
This CGI - animated French film is weird and trippy , but just when you think it ca n’t get any stranger , it all makes sense in the end .
We wo n’t spoil it for you — take a look for yourself , and then visit the film ’s website and check out the “ making of ” video .
Validation
OK , at just over 16 minutes , this one ’s a little on the long side , comparatively speaking — but this wonderful love story is worth every moment of your time .
It ’s a true delight to watch this short movie about a man who makes everyone — except for one sad girl — happy .
Once you ’ve seen it , you ’ll want to pass it on to everyone you know .
( If the star looks familiar to you , he ’s TJ Thyne from Bones . )
Papierkrieg ( Paper War )
You do n’t need to speak the language to understand this great German film about the power of a child ’s imagination .
It ’s sure to bring you back to your own childhood flights of fancy .
Papierkrieg from Makaio Tisu on Vimeo .
Les Dangereux
What happens when a ninja on vacation falls in love ?
This whirlwind , action - packed CGI animation provides a humorous glimpse at romance , ninja - style .
Les Dangereux from Daniel Klug on Vimeo .
Second Wind
This odd but lovely animated film features an old man , a soccer ball , and a giant cat .
Take a look — you ’ll be glad you did .
Second Wind from Ian Worrel on Vimeo .
Spiderboy
This lovely short film from Spain features a young boy who wants to become a superhero for Christmas .
Stay tuned for the fantastic animated ending credits .
short film / SPIDERBOY / Ignacio Estaregui from ignacio ESTAREGUI on Vimeo .
Maggie and Mildred
Here ’s a truly unique form of animation , created with hand - stitched images , that tells the story of two fun-loving girls with a lovely twist .
Maggie and Mildred from Holly Klein on Vimeo .
Oxygen
Whether you ’ve got a kid who ca n’t stand chemistry class , or you simply need a little brushing up on the Table of Elements yourself , here ’s a fantastic animated short that makes science fun .
Oxygen from Christopher Hendryx on Vimeo .
Sign Language
This British indie short will bring a smile to your face when you see the sweet ending .
Small Pleasures
There are so many things that we all take for granted .
This film will help remind you of all that you have .
Edit :
So for some reason I decided to redo the last couple panels of this strip , quite possibly making it marginally more amusing .
Maybe ?
The old version is here if you want to compare .
So you got a 0x80070570 , 0x80070006 , or any other error while performing an operation in Windows and now you are sitting clueless thinking what they mean .
We all have been there .
Windows Error Code Lookup Tool , also called ErrMsg , is a nifty little app developed exactly for this purpose .
It works really well and saves countless hours of random Googling ( or shall we say , Binging ) .
Yes , you do n’t have to post about these error messages in forum and cry for help , the next time they pop up .
As you can see from the screenshots below , entering the error code will only show the basic information , which will then come useful in finding out more information about it online , and hopefully fixing the problem faster .
It is amazing how simple gems like this tool are hidden deep inside the Internet .
Grab this portable tool and make sure it is part of your must - have - apps - that - make - me - look - like - a - pro tools .
It works on both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions of Windows 7 .
Being a portable tool it runs on all previous versions of Windows .
Download ErrMsg ( 6th application from bottom )
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Manama : Authorities in Bahrain are investigating allegations that a five - year - old girl has been circumcised by a maid .
The girl , who could not be named , was living with her father in a Gulf country following his divorce from her Bahraini mother .
The couple married six years ago , but divorced soon after the birth of their only daughter .
The mother won a custody battle in Bahrain in 2006 , but the father eventually had custody of the daughter after a court in his country ruled in his favour .
The mother , however , won visitation rights and often made the trip to her former husband 's country to be reunited with her daughter .
She was also allowed to receive her daughter in Bahrain .
On the last visit to Manama , the 28 - year - old mother noticed that her daughter was pale and refused to eat .
A medical exam at a private clinic revealed that the girl 's genitals have been damaged , prompting the concerned mother to seek a second opinion from Salmaniya Medical Complex , Bahrain 's largest hospital .
A report prepared by Dr Fadheela Al Mahroos , the hospital 's consultant pediatrician and chairwoman of the Child Protection Unit , confirmed that there had been a major disfiguration of the girl 's genitals .
The mother refused to allow her daughter to return to her father and , through a lawyer , sought a court order to keep the child .
A religious court subsequently issued a travel ban that effectively keeps the young girl in Bahrain and the public prosecution is now looking into the case and has ordered a fresh medical checkup .
Local child rights activists and doctors said that the case was shocking and painful .
" We have never come across such a case in Bahrain and we are all aware of the adverse effects of female circumcision on the sexual and maternal life of a woman , " Dr Amal Al Jowder , head of health promotion , said .
Dr Fakhriya Dairi who runs a health counselling centre criticised the father .
" If what was mentioned about the girl 's circumcision was true , the father is certainly to blame for mentally and physically torturing his own daughter .
He must have been aware of what happened to his daughter , " she said .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- U.S. stocks fell sharply on Wednesday as Germany 's ban against naked short selling of some financial stocks and government bonds reminded Wall Street of its not - too - distant past .
It 's not the actual banning , given the practice being banned in Germany " is kind of illegal here anyway , but the deja vu of Lehman , " said Jay Suskind , senior vice president at Duncan - Williams Inc. , of the onetime global financial services firm that went bankrupt in 2008 .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , +1.19 % fell 111.85 points , or 1.1 % , to 10,399.1 .
The S&P 500 Index SPX , +0.82 % declined 10.82 points , or 1 % , to 1,109.98 .
The Nasdaq Composite COMP , +0.74 % shed 27.11 points , or 1.2 % , to 2,290.15 .
[ Updates to correct typo . ]
Call them the Silicon Valley garages of climate policy .
Local efforts to trim emissions , change economies and alter behavior are serving as idea labs where mistakes can be made and novel approaches honed in preparation for setting national climate and energy policy .
These ideas can have a powerful influence in the climate debate , say policy experts :
Within the recently released climate bill are many lessons learned in these local laboratories .
And as discussion in Congress intensifies , many lawmakers will find themselves pushed by proponents of these municipal efforts to extend their reach to the national stage .
" There 's no doubt cities are the place where all these things are being tried , " said Julia Parzan , coordinator of the Urban Sustainability Directors Network , a group of civic leaders dedicated to sharing the experiences of various municipal sustainable development efforts .
" And when they 're hitting walls , they 're going for ( changes in ) state policy and federal policy . "
Exhibit A is the firestorm of revisions to municipal codes and state laws concerning how residential renewable energy and energy efficiency projects are financed .
It started in the spring of 2007 , when staffers for the City of Berkeley , Calif. , were casting about for a way to make roof - top solar affordable for a typical homeowner .
The ah - ha moment came as Cisco DeVries , then the top aide to Mayor Tom Bates , was untangling some knots in a neighborhood push to establish an underground utilities district , where homeowners agree to taxes on their properties to bury electric wires and cables .
If homeowners could diffuse the high costs of burying utility lines , DeVries reasoned , they should have the opportunity to do the same for the high up - front costs of putting solar panels on their roofs .
And so a new financing scheme was born .
Berkeley pioneered the so - called Property Assessed Clean Energy program , where residents pay for household renewable energy and efficiency improvements over 20 years via a special tax or assessment on their property tax bills .
The idea took off like a brush fire .
DeVries left city government shortly thereafter .
He helped launch Renewable Funding in 2008 in Oakland , Calif . with one other person .
Today it a major player in the development of municipal clean - energy financing , with 50 employees and offices in six states .
It is helping 240 local governments set up similar programs .
Twenty states have amended their laws to facilitate such programs : Missouri last week , Minnesota last month ; Florida is in the finishing stages .
" There are lots of ideas – good , bad and indifferent – and they never get any traction , " said DeVries , who is president of the company .
" But then there are moments when a window opens , and those moments are very powerful . "
Only a local government could have given this idea wings , he added .
" Nobody else spends their days in the mundane world of land - secured financing districts . "
New England offers another example of a regional program shaping national policy .
In 2009 ten states agreed to cap their emissions and created the nation 's first greenhouse - gas - emissions trading program .
It auctioned allowances , created a carbon market and to date has sent $ 582 million into the coffers of participating states .
But before this started , the only example of a carbon cap - and - trade program was Europe 's , which had seen wild price swings and windfall profits for utilities .
The stability of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative , as New England 's cap - and - trade program is known , silenced those critics and placed it in the foreground of the national discussion on how to run these policies , " said Tom Tietenberg , emeritus professor of economics at Colby College in Maine .
" It 's been one of the primary reasons auctions are now prominently part of the ( climate ) bill . "
Politicians , he added , have no problem spotting RGGI 's revenue .
" It reduces the negative impact of a carbon bill . "
Of course , there are tensions : RGGI has strong regional support in part because it funnels cash back to state coffers .
While some states have siphoned that revenue to patch deficits , others – such as Maine – have used it to make significant gains in energy efficiency , far outpacing federal efforts .
But the Senate climate bill as drafted voids regional emissions schemes like RGGI and state efforts like California's .
That has raised hackles from local leaders who want to retain control over their own programs and revenue .
City Hall cannot be the sole driver of policy and innovation , even the staunchest local proponents caution .
Many municipalities are worried about street lights and police pay .
They do n't have the resources to map out a comprehensive climate or energy policy .
" The towns that do have really moved the ball , " said Kevin McCarty , managing director of the U.S. Conference of Mayors .
But " many cities are in budget crises .
They just do n't have the time and money . "
Denver makes a good case study .
Last summer the Conference lauded the best climate - protection efforts from the nation 's cities .
The Denver metro area took top honors for an ambitious program , dubbed FasTracks , to expand light rail and encourage smart growth .
And the plan was ambitious : Voters in an eight - county region had agreed in 2004 to a 12 - year plan , dubbed Fastracks .
It would add 119 miles of light - and commuter rail , open 31 new park - n - ride lots , build 57 new transit stations , expand bus service , redevelop downtown Denver and the land around 51 of the 57 new stops toward transit - oriented housing and businesses .
To pay the $ 4.7 billion price tag , voters OK'd a 0.4 percent sales tax hike .
Then the recession hit .
Project estimates understated the cost by half .
Overly rosy projections made the tax hike inadequate to cover costs .
Regional consensus is in danger of fragmenting as municipalities bicker over trimming costs and raising money .
The Regional Transportation District needs an additional 0.4 percent sales tax jump to complete the project by 2017 .
" What has happened to the FasTracks program from a financial standpoint is not unique , " said Scott Reed , the Transportation District 's assistant general manager for public affairs .
" The entire nation is seeing that same type of financial challenge . "
But local politicians say they get it .
They feel a greater sense of urgency than their national counterparts .
And they 're closer to both the impacts of climate change and the economics of energy reform .
Speaking in Copenhagen during the United Nations climate talks last year , Melbourne Mayor Robert Doyle described the chaos that paralyzed his government as wildfires licked the city 's outskirts during the Southern Hemisphere 's summer in January , 2009 .
" If those conditions are what my city is going to have to deal with ( in a warmer world ) , my city is not ready , " he said .
Former Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels got more than 1,000 U.S. mayors to commit to acting on climate change , a movement that has pushed governors and in turn federal lawmakers facilitate those local efforts .
He was with Doyle in Copenhagen to lobby for a global accord .
" We at the local level have too much to lose , " he said then .
" We will go further , and we will make it safe ( for politicians ) to go further . "
Back outside Denver , Littleton Mayor Doug Clark did n't pay too much attention to Copenhagen .
He 's not a part of Nickels ' coalition .
Nor is he watching the Senate climate talks in D.C.
But he sure is looking at his community 's bottom - line energy costs .
Clark represents a conservative town of 41,000 , mostly commuters , south of Denver .
Like many of his voters , he is not so sure he believes this " climate warming stuff . "
In March , the Littleton City Council voted against spending $ 107,807 to match a federal grant to put solar atop the town 's nature center .
" It did n't make economic sense , " Clark said .
But Clark likes light - rail .
And he 's in favor of pushing forward on FasTracks , despite the ballooning costs .
" Some of this stuff makes sense to do just because it 's the rational thing to do , " he said .
" Reducing fuel consumption , switching to cleaner fuels – all that stuff is common - sense smart stuff to do regardless of where you come down on global climate change . "
" We do n't want to wait for the feds . "
Here are five ideas coming out of local governments that promise to shape the national debate on climate change and energy reform :
1. PACE .
Born in Berkeley , Calif. , Property Assessed Clean Energy programs are rewiring how homeowners pay for expensive renewable energy systems and efficiency upgrades by treating them as an ordinary neighborhood utility upgrade .
More than 20 states have laws in place to facilitate the program .
" There are a lot of property tax regimes in the country , " said Michael Northrop , program director for sustainable development for the Rockefeller Brothers Fund in New York .
If the growth of affordable renewable energy depends on PACE , the country is going to need " a hell of a lot " of these programs , he cautioned .
But " there are a lot of them in process , ... and there 's a national infrastructure of people working on it . "
2. Household MPG .
If you sell a home in Austin , Texas , you need to have an energy audit performed .
Berkeley and a host of cities have moved or are moving in a similar direction .
The idea is to make energy efficiency part of the equation as you shop for a home .
" When you buy a house , you hire someone to inspect it .
You learn a lot about the health of the building , but you do n't learn anything about the building 's energy use , " said Cisco DeVries , president of Renewable Funding , a leader in programs that aid in municipal energy financing .
" We need to get to a place where homes have a MPG on them . "
3. Feed - in - tariffs .
In March Gainesville , Fla. replaced its renewable energy rebate program with a feed - in - tariff , guaranteeing the price of electricity generated from solar panels for the next 20 years .
Supporters say the tariff , which spreads the cost for renewable energy over all customers , offers a far more stable financial regime than a rebate program , the model for most utilities and which , in Gainesville , the tariff replaced .
Germany is seen as the pioneer on this front , and officials at Gainesville Regional Utilities toured several different European solar models before committing .
So it 's worth noting that the German model started first at the municipal level , then went national .
4 . The street plug .
Cities , pressed by pollution limits , are increasingly partnering with automakers to provide charging stations and other infrastructure to ease the transition to electric vehicles .
And we 're not talking San Francisco , Boulder , Seattle and other " green " communities .
As the Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month , Houston , Orlando and Indianapolis are all cultivating EVs .
Cities and utilities are planning fast - charge stations and will offer home - charging kits and tailored rate plans .
5. Congestion pricing .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's plan to charge drivers for access to Manhattan during peak hours got slapped down by the state Assembly in 2008 .
But it 's showing signs of life on the West Coast , as San Francisco , San Diego and Orange County , Calif. , explore options .
And in reality , de - facto congestion pricing is already in place in Denver , Cape Coral , Fla. , and other regions with dynamic tolls that charge based on traffic flow .
" There is a consensus among economists , " the U.S. Department of Transportation concludes , " that congestion pricing represents the single most viable and sustainable approach to reducing traffic congestion .
This article originally appeared at The Daily Climate , the climate change news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Some girl flashes her breasts at Drake while he performs “ Bed Rock ” on stage , and Drizzy ‘s reaction is priceless !
Spotted at YoungKingz
The Free Software Foundation is up in arms over Apple 's iTunes Store Terms of Service , suggesting that these terms fundamentally conflict with the terms of the GNU Public License .
The foundation has warned Apple that a version of GNU Go distributed by the App Store makes Apple liable to comply with GPL terms that allow free sharing of code , but warned that its " Usage Rules " violate those terms .
The fallout could potentially affect any app that uses GPLed code .
The issue came to the forefront when the FSF discovered that the developers of the iPhone version of GNU Go were n't in full compliance with the requirements of GPLv2 .
Those terms require that any software created as a derivative of code under the GPL also be licensed under the GPL .
Furthermore , the GPL states that such software can be freely copied , shared , and modified by the user .
According to Brett Smith , license compliance engineer for FSF , Apple 's terms of service prevent that from happening .
" Apple is free to distribute our software through the App Store if they wish , but they cannot take advantage of the [ GPL's ] permissions while turning a blind eye to the conditions , " he wrote in a statement on FSF 's website .
" If they want to continue distributing this software , they must not prohibit others from doing so through the iTunes Store Terms of Service . "
We went through the lengthy terms of service for the iTunes Store and the App Store .
Smith pointed us to section 10 of the iTunes Store Terms of Service , which notes that any content obtained from the iTunes Store is subject to ( and users agree to comply with ) a series of " usage rules . "
These rules contain a specific rule for software : " Usage rules for software Products are governed by the terms of any end - user agreements or other terms and conditions required for use of such Products . "
In fact , Apple has a specific end - user license that applies to software sold through the App Store , which makes a direct exception for open source software ( emphasis ours ) :
" You may not copy ( except as expressly permitted by this license and the Usage Rules ) , decompile , reverse engineer , disassemble , attempt to derive the source code of , modify , or create derivative works of the Licensed Application , any updates , or any part thereof ( except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the Licensed Application ) . "
However , any end - user license supplied by the developer takes precedence over Apple 's terms , and in the case of an app that contains GPL v2 code , that means the app is governed by the GPL .
Many apps in the App Store use GPLed open - source code , such as Doom , XPilot , Frotz , and Tyrian .
Apple 's developer program agreements require that developers comply with any licenses for any code used in an app distributed through the App Store .
We spoke with the developer of Tyrian , who told Ars that Tyrian includes the full text of the GPL and offers to let users view the terms on first run .
The app's description also clearly states that the app is GPLed and that source code is available upon request .
So it seems that Apple makes specific concessions for open source software , and as long as developers comply with the terms of the GPLv2 and make source code available , everything should be fine .
However , Smith told Ars , that is n't enough to bring Apple into compliance .
Since Apple is the distributor of any App Store software , then according to the terms of the GPLv2 Apple must also comply with all terms of the GPLv2 .
According to Smith , that means not placing any restrictions on what a user can do with the software .
" Even if the original developers distributed the software to Apple in full compliance with the GPL 's terms , Apple would still violate the license when it distributed the software through the App Store and subjected the program to their terms of service 's usage rules , " he said .
And the problem is n't necessarily with Apple 's application of DRM to apps distributed through the App Store , but merely the fact that it attaches its usage rules to software licensed under GPLv2 .
According to section 10 ( c ) of the terms of service ( emphasis added ) , " the Usage Rules shall govern your rights with respect to the Products , in addition to any other terms or rules that may have been established between you and another party . "
The FSF contends that legally this means " your ability to use and distribute the software is limited by the usage rules , no matter how the software is licensed , " as Smith explained .
Apple declined to comment on whether or not it agreed with FSF 's conclusions or if it believed it could modify the iTunes Store terms of service to come into compliance with the terms of the GPLv2 .
However , GNU Go has been removed from the App Store since FSF sent its notification to Apple yesterday .
If a developer is the original author of code licensed under the GPLv2 , that code could be dual licensed for distribution under the App Store .
But if a developer incorporates someone else 's GPLed code , and Apple does n't change its terms of service to be in compliance with the GPL , then developers may find their apps being removed from the App Store en masse .
That 's not the end result that the FSF would like to see .
" The conditions [ for GPL compliance ] are not onerous ; plenty of other companies before Apple have distributed GNU Go without any trouble , " Smith told Ars .
" We think Apple can do it , too .
Whether or not they care enough about users to make the necessary changes is Apple 's choice alone . "
Listing image by barraquito
Electronic road sign hackers generally like to warn motorists of zombie and raptor attacks , but in South Florida , the signs are apparently being used to fuel the immigration debate .
A highway sign flashing " NO LATINOS NO TACOS " greeted drivers on the Palmetto Expressway in Northwest Miami - Dade , after hackers managed to alter it early Tuesday morning .
The sign was in the northbound side of the 826 , right near the Northwest 25th street exit .
It 's unknown how long the sign had been flashing the message , but by 6 a.m. , members of the Florida Highway Patrol and a road crew had turned the sign away from the highway and were working to erase the message .
Officials said the signs are password protected , but that generally does little to stop hackers intent on changing them .
Last year , a string of road sign hacks were made in three separate states .
In Austin , Texas , a sign cautioned drivers to the " ZOMBIES IN AREA ! RUN . "
Another in Collinsville , Illinois said " Daily LANE CLOSURES DUE TO ZOMBIES . "
And another in rural Indiana read " RAPTORS AHEAD - CAUTION . "
Reaction to the sign , posted on the " Today in South Florida " Facebook page was mixed .
" Wow someone has a lot of time on their hands to think up of how they can belittle and disrespect a group of people who help keep this country going , " said Luly Cueto - Belot .
" Greatest thing I ever saw ... let 's take this country back dammit !!!.. south will rise again mother --- er ! ! " said David Pines .
The sign is owned by a company called , Highway Technologies , based out of Illinois .
Gil Joseph , a spokesman for the company told NBC Miami that it is using all its resources to investigate how the sign was tampered with and who is beind it .
" The hacked message was offensive and vandalistic .
We had nothing to do with the message and we find the message both appalling and discriminatory , " said Joseph .
Highway Technologies is renting the digital roadway sign to a construction company that is working on a nearby project .
Joseph says they have filed a police report for vandalism of the company 's electronic sign .
Ultrasound harms the fetus
( Natural News ) Ultrasound is extremely damaging to the health of any unborn child ( fetus ) .
The natural health community has been warning about ultrasound for years , but mainstream medicine , which consistently fails to recognize the harm it causes , insists ultrasound is perfectly safe and can't possibly harm the health of a fetus .
Now , the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is funding a project that aims toby blasting their scrotums with ultrasound .
The burst of ultrasound energy , it turns out , disrupts the normal biological function of the , making the manUltrasound , in other words , contains enough energy to temporarily deaden the testes and basically destroy sperm function for half a year .
So why is it considered " safe " to blast an unborn baby with the same frequencies ?
Ultrasound is .
It no doubt causes tissue disruption and damage in a fetus , and it certainly creates stress and shock for the baby .
And yet conceited yuppie parents just can't get enough of it !
They want to SEE a picture of their little baby before it 's even born , so they subject it to tissue damage and ultrasound trauma in order to get a snapshot they can show off to their yuppie friends .
Just to clarify , I 'm not opposed toultrasound that has a reasonable justification concerning the health of the mother of the baby .
What I 'm strongly opposed to is ultrasound used toof the fetus or toof the parents .
This " recreational " ultrasound is extremely selfish , conceited and may pose a very real danger to the health of the baby .
It 's so American , is n't it ?
Damage the baby so we can get a snapshot to post on Facebook .
What a way to welcome a baby into the world :
Blast it with piercing high - frequency energy in order to impress your friends !
Do n't forget to vaccinate them , too , as soon as they are born .
( And yes , some parents - to - be seriously subject their babies to ultrasound just so they can take pictures .
It 's demented ! )
Sound is very easily transmitted through fluids , by the way , and the fetus is floating in a sac of amniotic fluid that transmits the ultrasound energy right at them .
Here 's what some other website have to say about how ultrasound harms the health of the fetus : FromFromFromBBC
WASHINGTON — Urgent warnings by government experts about the risks of routinely using powerful CT scans to screen patients for colon cancer were brushed aside by the Food and Drug Administration , according to agency documents and interviews with agency scientists .
After staying quiet for a year , the scientists say they plan to make their concerns public at a meeting of experts on Tuesday called by the F.D.A. to discuss how to protect patients from unnecessary radiation exposures .
The two - day meeting is part of a growing reassessment of the risks of routine radiology .
The average lifetime dose of diagnostic radiation has increased sevenfold since 1980 , driven in part by the increasing popularity of CT scans .
Such scans can deliver the radiation equivalent of 400 chest X - rays .
An estimated 70 million CT ( for computed tomography ) scans are performed in the United States every year , up from three million in the early 1980s , and as many as 14,000 people may die every year of radiation - induced cancers as a result , researchers estimate .
The use of CT scans to screen healthy patients for cancer is particularly controversial .
In colon cancer screening , for instance , the American College of Radiology as well as the American Cancer Society have endorsed CT scans , in a procedure often called a virtual colonoscopy , while the American College of Gastroenterology recommends direct examinations in which doctors use a camera on a flexible tube .
I watched PBS ’s Frontline on vaccines last week , and thought it overall pretty good .
Not perfect ( what is ? ) but the numerous howls of protest from the crank Age of Autism blog ( I lost count of the number of their posts ) and on the Huff Post , should be enough to tell you it hit the right marks .
Orac has a detailed review , The Vaccine War : Telling it ( mostly ) like it is about the anti-vaccine movement , so I really do n’t need to review it in detail .
There is just one thing I want to highlight , though .
It was n’t on the actual TV program , but on PBS ’s full online Jenny McCarthy interview .
It was this :
[ Questioner : ]
How long after the MMR was that first seizure ?
[ Jenny McCarthy : ]
You know , a lot of people think , and probably from me saying in some interviews , that it was after the MMR I noticed changes .
I do n't think it was just the MMR shot that caused any kind of trigger with autism .
I think it was a compilation of so many shots to a kid that obviously had some autoimmune disorders .
So I would say maybe a couple of months , a month or so after the MMR , I started to notice some physical ailments such as constipation , rashes , eczema .
That was like the first little sign .
And then the train just kind of descended from there .
[ My bold . ]
Jenny is saying that her son ’s autism did n’t start immediately after just one shot ( the MMR ) , but that “ some physical ailments ” of autism appeared over “ a couple of months . ”
This was just “ the first little sign . ”
( Note , just a “ little ” sign at that point . )
But , here ’s the thing , as I wrote in The Two J.B. Handleys , Jenny had , only three years ago , stated quite clearly and unambiguously something very different :
" Right before his MMR shot , I said to the doctor , ' I have a very bad feeling about this shot .
This is the autism shot , is n't it ? '
And he said , ' No , that is ridiculous .
It is a mother 's desperate attempt to blame something , ' and he swore at me , and then the nurse gave [ Evan ] the shot , " she says .
" And I remember going , ' Oh , God , I hope he 's right . '
And soon thereafter -- boom -- the soul 's gone from his eyes .
[ My bold . ]
Note , not “ some physical ailments ” or just a “ little sign ” – back then it was “ the soul 's gone from his eyes ” which , I think you ’ll agree , is completely different .
Also not over “ a couple of months , ” but “ boom . ” Different story .
Why does this matter ?
Well , Jenny , Handley and the rest have been telling us for years that the reason they know vaccines cause autism is that their kids got autism “ boom ” right after the vaccine was given .
( With Handley it was after a shot containing Thimerosal , while with Jenny it was MMR which never had Thimerosal , but we ’ll gloss over that for now . )
Now that Wakefield ’s MMR hypothesis has been discredited , and numerous epidemiological studies have failed to find a link with Thimerosal , the only way to keep their vaccines - cause - autism claims alive is to move the goalposts .
And you see that in the Frontline program – Jenny says it ’s not MMR , or Thimerosal , or too many vaccines at once – it ’s “ all of the above . ”
She actually says she does n’t know what it is that ’s causing autism , but she knows it ’s the vaccines , somehow .
But the thing is , if they ’re now saying the signs of autism appeared gradually over several months , on what basis are they saying vaccines cause autism ?
If autism appeared gradually , and not “ boom ” after one shot , then they do n’t even have the correlation ( vaccine immediately followed by autism ) to rely on .
And what ’s more , they know they ’ve changed their story and they know they ’ve moved the goalposts .
Why do I say that ?
Well , when I wrote The Two J.B. Handleys less than ten weeks ago , I included a link to the interview with the Jenny “ boom ” quote on Jenny ’s own Generation Rescue site , Jenny : Evan 's Story .
Check that link now .
Search Generation Rescue for any part of that interview .
It ’s gone .
Disappeared .
Never happened .
Not part of the official anti-vaccine history any more .
( And I know Handley read that post and saw the link because he appeared in the comments four days after I wrote it in an attempt to defend himself . )
If you needed any more proof of the dishonesty and intellectual bankruptcy of Generation Rescue and the anti-vaccine kooks , there it is .
Fortunately for us , there is one thing that George Orwell did n’t imagine when he wrote his famous 1984 novel , and that ’s the Wayback Machine – the cache that never lets anyone completely disappear inconvenient facts they want you to forget .
Courtesy of the internet , here again is what Jenny said in 2007 , Jenny : Evan 's Story – “ and soon thereafter -- boom -- the soul 's gone from his eyes . ”
The hallmark of the pseudo - scientist and the kook , is they they wo n’t change their beliefs no matter what the evidence , instead they devise ad hoc explanations and move goalposts to accommodate contradictory evidence .
Jenny and Handley have been caught , again , doing just that .
Rather than re-evaluate their beliefs , they just change their previous story so that it fits the currently known facts .
And they try to cover their tracks by deleting the now embarrassing things they said before .
Rather strangely , they fail to notice that , with their new story , there is no longer any reason to link vaccines to autism .
Either autism occurred “ boom ” just after the shot ( and so they can point to correlation ) , or it did n’t .
Which is it ?
They want it both ways .
Funnily enough , there was one thing in that PBS interview with Jenny , that I though she got right .
It was this :
… that night went on Google and typed in " autism . "
And on the corner of the screen , in the sponsored links , it said , " Generation Rescue . "
And I decided to click on it , because right underneath it , it said , " Autism is reversible . "
And I thought to myself , well , this must be a load of crap , because if it was true , why did n't the best neurologist in the world tell me there 's something I could do to reverse autism ?
Precisely .
And if she ’s only stopped right there she could have avoided making a complete fool of herself .
The village of Sipson would have disappeared in the expansion Plans for a third runway at London 's Heathrow Airport have been scrapped by the new government .
Councils , residents and green groups had opposed the expansion scheme which Gordon Brown said was needed for economic reasons .
John Stewart , from Hacan ClearSkies , which campaigned against the runway said he was " absolutely delighted " .
Airport operator BAA said it would work with the new government to provide strong trading connections .
The decision to cancel the plans came in a joint Conservative - Liberal Democrat policy agreement .
ANALYSIS Tom Edwards , BBC London 's Transport Correspondent
That unlikely alliance of campaigners - the councils , the residents and environmentalists - have won .
It was always common ground between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats to oppose the third runway .
A campaigner I 've met many times over the years said she could not stop crying when she heard the news this afternoon .
There will be parties tonight in Sipson , which was due to be demolished under the plans .
But there is caution from campaigners because of previous " broken promises " .
Read More
The new government said it would also refuse any additional runways at Gatwick and Stansted airports .
BAA , supported by airlines and commerce in the capital , had argued that Heathrow needed extra capacity and without it London - and consequently the UK - would lose out to rival European cities as a place to visit and do business .
Such a runway was envisaged in the government 's 2003 aviation White Paper and the green light was given by the then Transport Secretary Geoff Hoon in January 2009 despite the fact that the village of Sipson would effectively have disappeared during the construction project .
The Tories opposed the plan , preferring improved rail links to and from Heathrow including a direct link to a new London to Scotland high - speed rail line .
In a statement on Wednesday BAA said : " We will work with the new government to ensure that airport policy provides the strong international trading connections on which the UK 's jobs and future competitiveness depend . "
Mr Stewart said : " The third runway is dead in the water .
Residents under the flight path are delighted and people who stood to lose their homes are relieved .
" It is also good for London as a whole as it would have been bad for the environment and it was not essential for the city 's economic well - being .
I 'm absolutely delighted . "
Corks will be popping for a few days after this announcement , though probably not at BAA headquarters
Ben Stewart , Greenpeace
But Dr Adam Marshall , from the British Chambers of Commerce , said this decision would diminish London and the South East 's " attractiveness to investors with potential consequences for the UK economy as a whole " .
Ben Stewart , from environment group Greenpeace , added : " A third runway at Heathrow was always a bizarre proposal that made no sense to anybody who understood the impact aviation has on our climate .
" Corks will be popping for a few days after this announcement , though probably not at BAA headquarters . "
Geraldine Nicholson , chairman of the No Third Runway Action Group , said : " Our task now is to regenerate Sipson and the other villages which have lived with so much uncertainty in recent years . "
Actor Richard Briers said he would be going to 10 Downing Street on Thursday to thank David Cameron and Nick Clegg and present them with a legal Deed of Trust containing the names of more than 90,000 people who jointly own a plot of land at the centre of the proposed runway development .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
N.B. I apologize in advance for the length of this post .
French fries are a pretty epic subject for me ...
Get the Recipe Perfect Thin and Crispy French Fries
I 'm gonna come right out and say something that I 'm sure you wo n't all openly agree with : McDonald 's french fries are great .
At their best , they are everything a french fry should be : salty , crisp , light , and not greasy .
Granted , you get the occasional odd franchise that lets 'em sit under the heat lamp for a couple hours too long , but on the whole , I find it remarkable that the bigwigs have discovered a way to create a frozen fry that even a one armed eyeless chimp has trouble screwing up .
And I know , because they 've got one working the fry station at the franchise on my corner .
To be absolutely honest , I 've never been able to make fries as good as theirs ( shhhhh ! ) .
Sure , my thick - cut pub - style fries are super - potatoey and fantastic , and when I 'm in the mood for them , my seasoned steak fries can't be beat , but for thin , super - crisp fries ( I 'm talking the kind that only appear in fast food restaurants and French bistros under the name frites ) ?
I 'm always better off running down to the take - out window than bothering to fry them myself at home .
Until now .
I 've been literally giddy with the quality of the fries that have been coming out of my kitchen for the last two days .
My wife wo n't hear the end of it .
Even my puppy is wondering why his owner keeps exclaiming " Holy s**t that 's good ! " every half hour from the kitchen .
I 've cooked over 43 batches of fries in the last three days , and I 'm happy to report that I 've finally found a way to consistently reach crisp , golden Nirvana .
The Anatomy of a Perfect Fry
There are a few factors that go into making a perfect fry :
Perfect Fry Factor # 1 : The exterior must be very crisp , but not tough .
In order to achieve this crispness , the surface structure of a fry must be riddled with micro-bubbles .
It 's these tiny crisp bubbles that increase the surface area of the fry , making it extra crunchy .
Ideally , this layer should only be as thick as it needs to be to add crispness .
Any thicker , and you start running into leathery territory .
Perfect Fry Factor # 2 : The interior must be intact , fluffy , and have a strong potato flavor .
Fries with a pasty , mealy , or gummy interior or even worse , the dreaded state known as " hollow - fry " ( when the interior is missing entirely ) are an automatic fail in my fry book .
Perfect Fry Factor # 3 : The fry must be an even , light golden blond
Fries that are too dark or are spotty have an offputting burnt flavor that distracts from the potato .
Light golden but perfectly crisp is how I want my fries to be .
Perfect Fry Factor # 4 : The fry must stay crisp and tasty for at least as long as it takes to eat a full serving .
Fries that comes straight out of the fryer are almost always perfectly crisp .
The true test of a great fry is whether or not it remains crisp and edible a few minutes later after its been sitting on your plate .
The bendy fry pictured above fails that test .
So how does one going about achieving these goals ?
The traditional double fry method ( once at low temp , then again at high temp ) works , but it 's far from foolproof , and fails to meet all of the requirements I 've set for a perfect fry .
For one thing , the fries inevitably come out too brown — some times massively so .
For another , they lose their crunch within a few minutes after coming out of the fryer .
Clearly the method needs an overhaul .
I suppose I could do what the McDonald 's Corporation did and spend millions of dollars researching exactly how to accomplish fry perfection time after time anywhere around the world , but unfortunately Serious Eats does n't pay me well enough to do that .
I 'm also understaffed , to say the least .
So I decided to go with the next best alternative : steal their recipe .
That 's much easier said than done .
Hamburgling
Anyone with a buck can get a batch of fully cooked McDonald 's fries , but I was after something more .
I wanted to get fries from the store in their fully frozen state so that I could examine their surface for clues on how they were parcooked , as well as attempt to fry them myself at home to discover if there is any secret in the fry oil in the shops .
I figured I 'd be just be able to walk into the store and order them straight from the cashier .
" Welcome to McDonald 's , may I take your order ? "
" Yes Ma'am .
I 'd like a large fries please , hold the cooking . "
" Excuse me ? "
I know she 's already said no in her head , but I press on just the same : " Um ... I 'd just like the frozen fries please . "
" I 'm sorry sir , we just do n't do that . "
Time for some intimidation tactics : " Ok. Could I speak to the manager please ? "
" I am the manager . "
Sh*t .
I bring out the really big guns : " Listen , the thing is , my wife is pregnant — like really pregnant — and she sent me on a quest for McDonald 's french fries .
But she only likes them really fresh , like straight out of the fryer fresh , so I figured I 'd just get some frozen , and fry them for her at home .
You know how it is .
Women — no accounting for 'em , right ? "
She remains unimpressed , and needless to say , I go home fry - less , contemplating whether attempting to leverage an unborn , un - conceived son in exchange for a couple dozen frozen potato sticks is grounds for eternal damnation .
Thank God I 'm an atheist .
In a last ditch effort , I appeal to my Facebook fans for some assistance , promising cold hard cash and full credit in this story to anyone who could get me a stash of frozen McDonald 's fries .
Within 24 hours , I had received this email from a Grant Held :
Kenji , you put forth an excellent challenge ; I enjoy both challenges and your food writing immensely , so I came up with an excellent plan that worked the first try .
Getting your frozen fries was simply a matter of finding the right fraternity man ;
One who had the ability to make up extemporaneous bullsh*t and the all important " charm factor . "
Some would say possessing these attributes can help you get laid in college , but I plead The Fifth ....
The plan involved me printing out a fake list of items needed for a Scavenger Hunt sponsored by " The Simplot Foundation . "
A " Mr. Simplot " had endowed an annual prize for the winning team of the scavenger hunt , which would be used to fund the " research projects of the members of the winning team each year . "
( Members also had to belong to the Harold McGee Society and Order of Brillat - Savarin ) .
I walked into the McD 's on xxxxxxx .
( The exact location has been removed because we do n't want to get the manager fired ) I had pre-printed a list of items for said made up " Scavenger Hunt " ( I basically Googled " Scavenger Hunt Lists " and added " Frozen McDonald 's french fries " . )
I walked in , asked for the manager and explained the scavenger hunt .
I said I needed 25 fries , which I was willing to pay for , but they had to be frozen .
Her English was not ideal , so I spoke Spanish , and a young associate took kindly upon me and explained what I needed .
The manager agreed , but thought I was asking for 25 FREE packages of cooked fries !!!
And she was willing to give them to me !!!
( She said my accent was great but my grammar was terrible ... oh well ... )
I said I needed FROZEN fries , which really perplexed her , but my young McD 's associate friend explained the concept of a scavenger hunt and soon enough I was invited into the kitchen and she grabbed a handful of fries and placed them in the zip lock bag I brought with me .
Grant , you are a genius amongst men , and I am forever in your debt .
The handoff was made the next day , and I finally had a batch of frozen McDonald 's fries on which to operate .
Deconstructing the Arches
The first thing I noticed was the surface texture of the fries .
They seemed smooth , but on closer inspection , I noticed that they were dotted with tiny tiny bubbles , indicating that they had definitely been fried at least once prior to arriving at the store .
I measured them with calipers and found that they were precisely 1 / 4 of an inch thick .
A good size for optimizing crust to interior ratio .
McDonald 's used to fry their potatoes in beef tallow , giving them extra flavor and making them extra crisp , but they stopped doing that years ago .
But perhaps there 's still something magic about their oil ?
To test this , I fried up a batch of the frozen fries in 375 °F peanut oil , letting them cook for about 3 minutes before draining , seasoning , and tasting .
They were just as perfect as the fries at the store .
That answers the first question : there is no magic in the oil .
Something must be done to those potatoes during the pre-processing that makes them unique .
For the next phase , I started doing some research and caught a lucky break by finding this article online , which essentially runs through the whole process of what goes on in a McDonald 's potato processing plant as told by LeAron Plackett , a thirteen - year - long employee .
The parts that interested me most were on the second page :
The fries are then flumed out of the A.D.R. room to the " blancher . "
The blancher is a large vessel filled with one hundred and seventy degree water .
The trip through the blancher takes about fifteen minutes ...
After the fries leave the blancher , they are dried and then it's off to the " fryer , " which is filled with one hundred percent vegetable oil .
The oil is heated to three hundred and sixty five degrees and the fries take a fifty second dip before being conveyed to the " de - oiler shaker , " where excess oil is " shook off . "
Bingo .
So McDonald 's does indeed use a double fry method , but it 's far from the traditional one .
Rather than a slow low temperature fry for the first round , the fries get dunked into very hot oil for only 50 seconds ( the second fry is then carried out at the actual location ) .
In addition to this , the potatoes get a pre-fry blanching step in hot water .
What could the purpose of this be ?
To answer that question , it 's important to understand exactly what happens when a french fry is cooked .
The Balance of Pectin , Starch , and Simple Sugars
Like all plants and animals , potatoes are composed of cells .
These cells are held together by pectin , a form of sugar that acts as a type of glue .
These cells also contain starch granules — tiny sacs that resemble water balloons , as well as simple sugars .
When these starch granules are exposed to water and heat , they begin to swell , eventually bursting , and releasing a shower of swollen starch molecules .
Now the problem is , in order to get the ideal crust , all three of these elements must be in the proper balance , and the proper state .
Too many simple sugars , and your potato will brown long before it crisps .
If pectin has broken down too much before the starch granules have had a chance to burst and release their sticky innards , your potatoes will either fail to form a crust , will fall apart before it gets a chance to , or in the worst case will cook up completely hollow , like this :
That 's not a good thing .
Pre-cooking the fries in a water bath the way McDonald 's does accomplishes two goals .
First , it rinses off excess simple sugars , helping the fries attain a light gold color , instead of a deep dark brown .
Secondly , it activates an enzyme called pectin methylesterase ( PME ) .
According to an article in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , PME induces calcium and magnesium to act as a sort of buttress for pectin .
They strengthen the pectin's hold on the potato cell 's walls , which helps the potatoes stay firmer and more intact when cooked to a higher temperature .
That 's why the surface of a McDonald 's fry looks the way it does : rather than blistering into large bubbles like a traditional double - fried french fry does , the reinforced walls form the super - tiny bubbles that give them their extra crunch .
Now , like most enzymes , PME is only active within a certain temperature range , acting faster and faster as the temperature gets higher until , like a switch , it shuts off completely once it reaches a certain level .
170 °F is just under that cutoff point .
My objective just became much clearer : in order to get my fries ultra crisp , I 'd need to find a way to strengthen their pectin before allowing their starch granules to burst .
Bringing Home the Gold
The most obvious way to do this is just to copy McDonald 's exactly : cook the potatoes in a precisely maintained 170 °F water bath for 15 minutes .
I tried it using my Sous - Vide Supreme , followed by a fry at 360 °F for 50 seconds , and a second fry at 375 °F for 3 1/2 minutes .
It worked like a charm .
The fries tasted nearly identical to those that come from McDonald's .
Of course , now two new questions entered my head :
What about for those poor souls who do n't have a temperature - controlled water bath ?
And more importantly , now that I 've got the fries down , could I make them even better ?
I mean , they taste fantastic now , but we all know that McDonald 's fries get soggy pretty darn fast .
If these fries were really going to be perfect , I 'd have to address that issue .
To solve the first problem , my initial though was to start the potatoes in cold water , and slowly bring it up to a simmer .
My hope was that by doing this , they 'd spend enough time under the 170 °F cutoff point to improve their structure adequately .
No dice .
The potatoes were certainly better than ones dunked straight into the fryer , but they did n't come close to the originals .
Next I tried adding a measured amount of boiling water to a pot containing the cut potatoes .
I calculated exactly how much water I 'd need in order for it to equilibrate to 170 °F .
It worked a little better , but the water temperature dropped off too quickly for it to be effective .
Was I gonna have to break out the beer cooler for this one ?
There had to be another way .
That 's when I thought — perhaps there is another way to strengthen pectin without having to rely on some fickle enzyme ( I 've never liked enzymes anyway ) , and it struck me : apple pie .
What 's this got to do with french fries ?
Well everyone who 's ever baked an apple pie knows that different apples cook differently .
Some retain their shape , while others turn to mush .
The difference largely has to do with their acidity .
Thus super tart apples like Granny Smith will stay fully intact , while sweeter apples like a Macoun will almost completely dissolve .
Just like a potato , apple cells are held together by pectin .
Moral of the story : acid slows the breakdown of pectin .
What if rather than trying to fiddle with temperature , I just relied on the use of acid to help the potatoes keep their structure ?
I tried bringing two pots of cut potatoes to a boil side by side , the first with plain water , and the second with water spiked with vinegar at a ratio of one tablespoon per quart .
Here 's what I saw :
The fries boiled in plain water disintegrated , making them nearly impossible to pick up .
When I added them to the hot oil , they broke apart even further .
On the other hand , those boiled in the vinegared water remained perfectly intact , even after boiling for a full ten minutes .
When fried , they had fabulously crisp crusts with tiny , bubbly , blistered surfaces that stayed crisp even when they were completely cool .
As for the flavor , if I tasted really hard , I could pick up a faint vinegary undertone , though I would n't have if I did n't know it was there .
Even knowing it was there , it was n't unpleasant at all .
After all , I 'm used to putting my fries in ketchup or mayo , both of which contain plenty of acid .
This is a picture of one of the fries which I bent a full ten minutes after it had come out of the oil .
See how crisp is stays ?
Getting Inside the Fluffy Interior
Now that I 'd perfected the crust , the final issue to deal with was that of the interior .
One last question remained : how to maximize the flavor of the interior .
In order to stay fluffy and not gummy , a lot of the interior moisture needs to be expelled in the cooking process , so my goal should be to make this evaporation as easy as possible .
I figure that so far , by cooking it all the way to boiling point , I 'm doing pretty much the right thing — the more cooked the potatoes are , the more the cell structure breaks down , and the easier it is for water to be expelled .
To confirm this , I cooked three batches of potatoes , starting each in a pot of cold , vinegared water , and bringing them up to various final temperature ( 170 °F , 185 °F , and 212 °F ) before draining and double - frying them .
Not surprisingly , the boiled potatoes had the best internal structure .
Luckily , they were the easiest to make as well .
But was there anything more I could do ?
I thought back to those McDonald 's fries and realized a vital step that I had neglected to test : freezing .
Every batch of McDonald 's fries is frozen before being shipped out to the stores .
I always figured this step was for purely economic reasons , but perhaps there was more to it ?
I tried freezing half a batch of fries before frying them and tasted them side - by - side against the other half .
The improvement was undeniable .
The frozen fries had a distinctly fluffier interior , while the unfrozen ones were still ever - so - slightly gummy .
It makes perfect sense .
Freezing the potatoes causes their moisture to convert to ice , forming sharp , jagged crystals .
These crystals damage the cell structure of the potato , making it easier for them to be released once they are heated and convert to steam .
The best part ?
Because freezing actually improves them , I can do the initial blanching and frying steps in large batches , freeze them , and have a constant supply of ready - to - fry potatoes right in my freezer just like Ronald himself !
I know it 's bad form to toot your own horn , but I 'm simply amazed that these fries have been coming out of my own kitchen .
I 've been eating fries in various shades of good or bad constantly for the past few days , and I 'm absolutely sick of them , yet I am still eating them even as I sit here and type .
I really hope my wife does n't mind greasy keyboards .
You never know what 's gonna set her off .
For instance — she gets mad when I say things like that about her on completely public forums .
Go figure .
Get the Recipe Perfect Thin and Crispy French Fries View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Protecting Turkey 's Treasures Environmentalists See One Last Chance to Stop Ilisu Dam
Turkey 's planned Ilisu dam will submerge priceless archaeological sites for ever , but Ankara is determined to press on with the project despite European opposition .
Now environmentalists are clinging to one last hope to stop the waters .
Life of the Party
There 's some Fallout 3 action going on in the basement , if you 're into that .
Also , we got a bag of animal crackers and some land shark beer on the stove .
Pakistan ambushes you .
The midday heat is also beginning to ambush all who live in Peshawar , the capital of the North West Frontier Province .
Canyons of fumes grey out the vast ramparts of the Bala Hisar fort .
" Headquarters Frontier Force " is written on the ancient gateway .
I notice the old British cannon on the heights – and the spanking new anti-aircraft gun beside it , barrels deflected to point at us , at all who enter this vast metropolis of pain .
There are troops at every intersection , bullets draped in belts over their shoulders , machine guns on tripods erected behind piles of sandbags , the sights of AK - 47s brushing impersonally across rickshaws , and rubbish trucks and buses with men clinging to the sides .
There are beards that reach to the waist .
The soldiers have beards , too , sometimes just as long .
I am sitting in a modest downstairs apartment in the old British cantonment .
A young Peshawar journalist sits beside me , talking in a subdued but angry way , as if someone is listening to us , about the pilotless American aircraft which now slaughter by the score – or the four score – along the Afghanistan border .
" I was in Damadola when the drones came .
They killed more than 80 teenagers – all students – and , yes they were learning the Koran , and the madrasah , the Islamic school , was run by a Taliban commander .
But 80 !
Many of them came from Bajaur , which would be attacked later .
Their parents came afterwards , all their mothers were there , but the bodies were in pieces .
There were so many children , some as young as 12 .
We did n't know how to fit them together . "
The reporter – no name , of course , because he still has to work in Peshawar – was in part of the Bajaur tribal area , to cover negotiations between the government and the Taliban .
" The drones stayed around for about half an hour , watching , " he says .
" Then two Pakistani helicopter gunships came over .
Later , the government said the helicopters did the attack .
But it was the drones . "
An Islamabad garden now , light with bright oak trees and big birds that bark at us from the branches , beneath which sit two humanitarian workers , both Europeans who have spent weeks in the Swat valley during and after the Pakistani army 's offensive against the Taliban .
" There were dozens – perhaps hundreds – executed by the army .
They were revenge killings by the soldiers , no doubt about it .
A number of people we had reported to us as arrested – they were later found dead .
What does that mean ?
The Americans and the Brits were aware of this , of course they were , and they intervened with the government .
But what does this say about the army ?
In one village , two bodies lay in the street for two days – it was a way of showing the local people what would happen to them if they supported the Taliban .
What does this say about the army ?
Can they control Pakistan like this ? "
Some 70 per cent of the Pakistani army come from Punjab , and 80 per cent of retired army officers come from Punjab .
In a few days , Punjab will pay for this .
But lest the Taliban appear in freedom - fighter mode , here is a different account of the Swat valley by one of Pakistan 's most eloquent journalists , Owais Tohid , reporting from the city of Mingora .
Read , as they say , and inwardly digest .
" Splotches of red blood still stain Ziarat Gul 's memory : his sister was gunned down by the Taliban and her body placed at the chowk [ square ] where I stand ...
A year ago , Gul 's sister , Shabana , was shot three times by the bearded and turbaned men . "
Shabana was a singing and dancing girl , of whom there are many in the tribal areas ; they perform at weddings , while the men play harmoniums and the stringed rabab .
Back to Owais Tohid .
" Her body was then strewn with currency notes , CDs of her performances , and her photographs .
Pooled in blood , nobody was allowed to her body until the next day .
Gul , his father and two cousins were the only ones to offer funeral prayers and bury her the next morning ... "
Shabana 's friend Shehnaz , a famous dancing girl , was a witness to the murder : " I switched off the light and peeped through a hole ; I could see the door was broken .
Shabana sat on the floor and Taliban carrying Kalashnikovs and rocket - launchers stood around her .
Some carried swords .
I heard Shabana beg them to spare her life .
She was pleading , ' Do n't kill me , do n't kill me . '
But then one of the Taliban said , ' We warned you ... we even offered you our mujahid to marry , but you continued to dance ...'
Shabana continued pleading ... "
Shehnaz heard the gunshots .
I wonder if all these tales are true .
Alas , they are .
Not far from Peshawar last month , a dancing troupe was returning from a party in Hindko Damaan , when armed men surrounded their vehicle at 3 am .
Afsana , one of the girls , had her two sisters , Salma and Sana , alongside her in the car , and her stepfather , Azizur Rahman .
Her brother , in a following car , argued with the gunmen , who were demanding money .
So they shot Afsana dead .
She had just divorced , and danced to earn money for her family .
Three other girls have been murdered outside Peshawar in the past fortnight .
But the drones dominate the tribal lands .
They killed 14 men in just one night last month , at Datta Khel in north Waziristan .
The drones come in flocks , and five of them settled over the village , firing a missile each at a pick - up truck , splitting it in two and dismembering six men aboard .
When local residents as well as Taliban arrived to help the wounded , the drones attacked again , killing all eight of them .
The drones usually return to shoot at the rescuers .
It 's a policy started by the Israeli air force over Beirut during the 1982 siege : bomb now , come back 12 minutes later for a second shot .
Now Waziristan villagers wait up to half an hour – listening to the shrieks and howls of the dying – before they try to help the wounded .
The drones – Predators and Reapers , or " Shadows " , as the Americans call them when they follow US troops into battle – have acquired mythical proportions in the minds of Pakistanis , a form of spaceship colonialism , imperialism from the sky , caught with literary brilliance by A H Khayal in the daily newspaper The Nation , when he asked where the drones come from : " The masses are piteously ignorant .
They just do n't know that the drones are not material creatures .
Actually , they are spiritual beings .
They do n't need earthly runways for taking off ...
They live in outer space , beyond the international boundaries of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" When they feel hungry , they swoop down and kill innocent Afghani women and children .
They eat the corpses and fly back to their spacial residences for a siesta .
When they again feel hungry , they again swoop down and kill another lot of innocent women and children .
Having devoured the dead bodies , they fly back to their bedrooms in space .
It has been going on and on like this for years . "
Indeed it has .
But where do the drones come from ?
When President Hamid Karzai flew into Islamabad last month , the entire Pakistani cabinet turned up to welcome this fraudulently elected satrap of the United States .
Many are the Pakistanis who found this a natural circumstance .
Was not their own President , Asif Ali Zardari , another of Washington 's corrupt satraps , his minions heading to Washington only two weeks later to plead for a vast increase in the $ 7.8 bn ( £ 5.1 bn ) of aid which Congress voted Pakistan last year ?
" There was a time when America did not trust you , " Pakistan 's Prime Minister , Yousuf Gilani , lectured the upper house of his federal parliament .
" You were their ally , but they did not trust you .
Now they are trusting you and holding a strategic dialogue . "
It was enough to make the average Pakistani squirm .
After Hillary Clinton arrived last November to berate the students of Pakistan on their anti-Americanism – and to hint that their government must surely know the location of al - Qa'ida 's top men in the tribal lands – the Foreign Minister , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , set off to Washington last week with his chain - smoking army commander , General Ashfaq Kayani , with the biggest begging bowl in Pakistani history .
President Barack Obama wants an exit strategy in Afghanistan and realises – at last – that only Pakistan can provide this .
But he also wants to support India as a bulwark against China , and the Pakistanis know that Delhi 's agents are trying to control Afghanistan .
But what struck Pakistanis about Karzai 's visit was not his cloying remarks about the fraternal love of the Afghan and Pakistani people – " India is our close friend but Pakistan is like a twin brother , " he piously observed – but his astonishing statement that the devastating missile attacks against Pakistan by pilotless US drone aircraft were not being launched from inside Afghanistan .
" We are not responsible for these attacks , " he said .
" They are being carried out by a powerful sovereign country , namely the United States , which is also a close ally of Pakistan .
They [ the drones ] do n't fly from our territory but in our airspace , and it is beyond our capacity to stop them . "
Karzai looked subdued , apologetic , meekly sympathising with Gilani over the growing number of civilian casualties .
Karzai was ( for once ) telling the truth .
The drones launched from the Kandahar airbase are attacking the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban inside the international frontier .
The drones attacking Pakistan come from – Pakistan .
In fact , the Americans launch them from a Pakistan Air Force base at Terbile , 50 miles west of Islamabad .
US officers were also interested in using the Peshawar airfield – the same runways employed by the old U - 2 spy planes , from which Gary Powers took off over the Soviet Union during the Cold War – and the Taliban spent weeks trying to discover the headquarters from which the Americans were directing the drones .
They eventually decided that the US drone control centre was on the highest floor of the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad .
They were wrong .
US officers did stay at the Marriott , but they were not air force personnel .
This , however , was the reason the Marriott was attacked by a suicide bomber in 2007 , and then again with a truckload of explosives on 20 September 2008 – not because President Zardari had just given his first speech to parliament a few hundred metres away , but because the Taliban were trying to destroy the " brain " behind the drones .
At least 54 civilians were killed – most of them Pakistanis – and 266 wounded .
The drone attacks continued , more than ever after Barack Obama became US President .
The war , however , is now directed at the Pakistani army – although the authorities try to portray the Taliban 's targets as purely civilian .
The assault on the police torture centre in Lahore on 8 March was merely a warning .
Nine policemen were among the 18 dead at a building known for its night - time torture sessions – local inhabitants had complained many times about screams from the basement , not because of the abuse taking place there but because it made their homes a target for bombers .
They were right .
The worst suicide bombing of the year had already occurred at a volleyball field in Lakki Marwat , when the killer murdered 105 people – many of them policemen and Frontier Corps personnel .
On 4 February , another suicide bomber – after a long surveillance operation by the Pakistani Taliban – struck a military convoy in the Koto area of the Lower Dir district .
He killed three schoolgirls , a Frontier Corps policeman – and three US soldiers .
Since 11 September 2001 , more than 5,700 men and women have been killed in insurgent attacks in Pakistan .
This is revenge for the army 's offensives in Swat and Waziristan .
The double suicide attack on two army vehicles in Lahore , the Punjabi capital , on 12 March was thus merely the most brazen assault on the Pakistani military .
Both killers destroyed themselves next to two army trucks – killing 14 soldiers – in the garrison city , shaming the security authorities and provoking the local chief minister , Shahbaz Sharif , to plead shamefully with the Taliban to spare his capital in future .
Attack another city , was the implication .
Sixty - one men and women were killed – most of them , of course , civilians – and hundreds wounded .
Within 24 hours , another suicide bomber attacked an army checkpoint in the North West Frontier Province at Saidu Sharif , killing 14 people , most of them soldiers and policemen .
Even the military were surprised by the determination of the Pakistani Taliban to assault them .
Four days after the attack in Lahore , the police found 1,500 kilos of explosives and two suicide vests in Iqbal Town in the Punjabi capital , along with Russian - made hand grenades and rifle ammunition .
The next day , they discovered another 3,000 kilos of explosives in the same area .
Amir Mir , the most accurate of Pakistani journalists amid the chaos of what is in fact a war , has calculated that 321 Pakistanis have been killed and more than 500 wounded in 15 suicide bombings across Pakistan in the first 70 days of 2010 .
This is up from ' only ' 11 suicide bombings in the same period last year .
The Institute for Peace Studies in Pakistan has been recording every act of violence in the country since the 2001 attack on America , and concludes that just in 2009 12,632 men and women – civilians , soldiers , Taliban militants , even victims of inter- tribal battles – were killed .
Of the dead , 3,021 were killed by insurgents , 6,329 in Pakistan army operations , 1,163 in army - Taliban battles , 700 in border violence , and 1,419 in other violence , including drone missiles .
The scorecard for death over the past four years – I 'm afraid that death in Pakistan is today much like a tally – is truly awful .
In 2005 , a mere 216 Pakistanis were reported killed .
In 2006 , 907 Pakistanis died ; in 2007 , 3,448 ; in 2008 , 7,997 .
By 2009 , the total number of victims in just five years came to more than 25,000 .
When I twice visited Lahore , it felt like a city under martial law , thronged with troops and checkpoints , its bridges and ancient British ministries and schools laced with soldiers in steel helmets .
In just two weeks in March – far from Lahore – lawlessness reached epic proportions .
On 14 March , four men were killed in the Khyber tribal area .
In Quetta on 17 March , a retired policeman , a member of a " sectarian organisation " , and two construction workers were shot dead or blown up .
A day later , 10 men of the Mehsud tribe – quite possibly militants – were killed in a five - missile US drone attack .
In a suburb of Peshawar on the same day , three Frontier Force soldiers and two policemen were shot dead .
In Karachi that day , two political leaders , their lawyer and a taxi driver were shot .
Within 24 hours , a prominent Quetta lawyer was kidnapped .
By the end of the same week , the Pakistani Taliban publicly announced that it intended to murder the Pakistani Interior Minister , Rehman Malik .
And there would be more attacks across the country , the Taliban said , in revenge for the American drone attacks .
" Just wait for our reaction , " the Taliban 's spokesman , Azam Tariq , said .
The Pakistani military responded in the time - honoured way .
The Taliban 's attacks were " a clear sign of frustration and desperation " on the part of the militants .
The director of the CIA , Leon Panetta , declared from the safety of Washington that the drone assaults – and other attacks , unspecified – were " the most aggressive operation that the CIA has been involved in in our history .
The CIA 's offensive in the Pakistan tribal region had driven Osama bin Laden and his colleagues into hiding – where they have presumably been since 2001 – leaving al - Qa'ida " rudderless and incapable of planning sophisticated operations " .
Pakistan surely deserves better than this nonsense .
Embedded with the Pakistani military , writers such as Michael O'Hanlon in The New York Times remind their readers that America 's $ 17bn in aid since 2001 comes to only half Pakistan 's costs in the " war on terror " , a battle to which the Pakistani army is now fully committed ( or so he believes ) .
This , however , does not explain the scores of soldiers who have surrendered to the insurgents over the past 12 months , nor the weird double - game being played by the Pakistani security services , who captured senior members of the Afghan Taliban only to find themselves condemned by Hamid Karzai 's corrupt government for breaking up the secret communications between the Afghan government and its enemies .
The US was " extremely gratified " by Pakistan 's arrests , President Obama 's envoy , Richard Holbrooke , says .
In other words , the Americans would control contacts with the Afghan Taliban – not their local ruler , Hamid Karzai .
And all the while , the ' security ' experts who dominate the American press have been sowing their suspicions through the dumbed - down intelligence world of the West .
For while we bomb the tribal regions with our drones , we are told to fear the imminent theft of Pakistan 's nuclear weapons .
Terrorists , we are told in a West Point journal , may take the country 's atomic arms for use against us – note how this threat never seems to apply to our trusted ally , India – and mythical accounts are told of three separate attacks by " terrorists " ( unnamed , of course ) on Pakistan 's nuclear facilities in the last three years .
In the past we were told that Muslim " nationalists " might hijack Pakistan 's nuclear weapons .
Now the danger is supposed to come from " Islamists " .
In fact , the real danger is much closer to home .
Seventy per cent of NATO 's ammunition , vehicles and food in Afghanistan still transits through Pakistan , along with 40 per cent of its fuel .
The Taliban 's attacks on these convoys – both the Pakistani and Afghan versions of the movement ( for they are not the same ) – have over the past two years netted some incredible dividends , which NATO has not seen fit to disclose .
Gunmen have managed to steal three separate – disassembled but complete – military helicopters and a clutch of American Humvee armoured vehicles , one of which was used by the Pakistani Taliban 's leader , Hakimullah Mehsud .
At least 62 Humvees were burned out in just one raid near Peshawar in 2008 .
And all this , you have to remember , takes place against the profound corruption of Pakistani society , from the shoe - shine boy to the president , Asif Ali Zardari , Benazir Bhutto 's widower , whose own venality is so legendary that only rarely does it cause discussion .
Only once in the last month has it been mentioned – when Zardari , addressing a conference on Sufism and peace , announced that he was not afraid of death , that he represented " nothing more than a speck in the universe " and would donate his body organs on his death .
Within hours , five people – including my taxi driver , a hotel waiter , the owner of an Islamabad bookshop , a Pakistani humanitarian worker and a lawyer – made precisely the same comment to me : " Zardari will donate his body organs to the people – but not his dollars ! "
Thank God , I suppose , for the Pakistani press , as brave , as disillusioned and as tough as any media folk in the West .
The ' oil mafia ' which siphoned off billions of rupees during Musharraf 's rule , the four cabinet ministers living in government houses but claiming rent ( shades of Westminster 's very own ) , the massive financial irregularities in the Punjab education department , all have been exposed in Pakistan 's newspapers .
" The government , " reported The News International on 11 March , " has removed yet another officer of impeccable integrity , the chief Commissioner , Islamabad , Shahid Mehmood , within 90 days of his posting , after he allegedly refused to accommodate the ' wishes ' of certain political masters . "
Now that 's what I call reporting .
The luckless Mehmood , it turned out , had rashly frozen a land deal which involved a certain Asif Ali Zardari , the President of Pakistan .
Pakistanis – in other words , most of the 150 million men and women who live in penury in this nuclear state – simply no longer believe in the authorities who claim to govern them .
When an increase in bus fares brought hundreds – and then thousands – of young people onto the streets of Islamabad 's suburbs last month , the police opened live fire on the demonstrators .
Western embassy personnel were confined to their bunkers – US diplomats are not even allowed to go grocery shopping at the best of times – and Zardari 's government then announced that the protesters had been " imported " , brought into the capital from " surrounding areas " .
Where does a foreigner – a real one , like me – go to understand this beautiful , ferociously angry , ripped - up , intelligent , hopelessly overcrowded , war - smitten country ?
Raza Kazim admits only to being in his eighties , but he has a perfunctory , almost irritatingly child - like way of twining his thin fingers together while trying to define his love of country , his belief in the worth of Pakistan .
His is speaking over the throb of the air - conditioners , as an unprecedented spring heat warms up the Lahore trees outside his home .
He brings in two frozen cans of Murree beer and is vexed that I wo n't join him .
I can see why he led the first strike in his Indian school 's history .
" I benefited vastly from the Raj , " he says .
" It was n't a love - hate relationship – it was a love - adversarial relationship .
My heart went out to the ' Quit India ' movement , and I was coming from the peasantry .
It was a time when peasants could be flogged for two rupees .
I had a belief in freedom and in 1946 , I took a leap of faith and feeling . "
Some faith .
Some feeling .
Kazim is a kind of ' guru ' – in the original meaning of the word , an elderly advisor / oracle for generations of Pakistani politicians – and his involvement in the Indian National Congress of British India , then in the Muslim League and later in the Pakistan People 's Party , have turned him into the Malcolm Muggeridge – or perhaps Tony Benn – of Pakistan .
A lawyer and ex-Communist whose philanthropy has produced the Sanjan Nagar School Institute of Philosophy and Arts , and the inventor of a stringed musical instrument intended to preserve South Asian classical music as a modern art form , he has two qualifications for Pakistani sainthood : he was kidnapped by military intelligence in 1984 , and has been jailed five times between 1950 and 1985 .
His other quality is historical ; he still thinks the date is 1947 and he smiles when he realises that I agree with him .
" August 1947 was a kind of competition between Hindus and Muslims , " he recalls , the fingers beginning to twist around each other , the lamp - light reflecting his baldness as dusk brings out the big birds in the garden .
" Who would give a better account of freedom ?
I never had a sense of India being divided .
It was like the people were split into two teams .
Who would score more runs off freedom ? "
Freedom at midnight , I murmured .
At what cost ?
" Yes , there was bloodshed in Bihar .
There was bloodshed in Delhi , a lot of bloodshed in the Punjab – but that was action and reaction .
Then it spread into the Deccan area .
They ( the new Indian state ) took soldiers from the Punjab whose children had been murdered here and whose women had been abducted here , and sent them to the Deccan area where they bashed the heads of [ Muslim ] children against pillars .
Yes , I know what happened in those trains .
" The political capital made out of these killings is another story – a bad story , but a different story .
The events were capitalised .
But bloodshed did n't begin with Pakistan .
The first genocide of Indian history took place in the Punjab in 3,000 BC – it was a conflict between feudal and pastoral
Kazim had it easy .
" On 13 September , 1947 , I came on a plane to Pakistan as guest of the Indian communications minister .
I came with my gramophone records , books and poetry , and two sets of clothes . "
It is a very post - colonial story .
While the masses tore each other to pieces below , Kazim 's plane soared above the bloodbath to drop him as a witness to the mass looting of the new Pakistan 's most beautiful city , Lahore .
" People think of the properties taken from the Hindus and Sikhs , but the most important things were the jobs , the business , the vacancies , and grabbing those properties .
The educated people looted and took things away in trucks – these were the people who were going to run the country .
It became a sign of patriotism that you forged property papers to homes in India that you never had – this was thought to be a patriotic duty because the Indians had three times as many claims against us .
The bureaucracy had been civil servants under the British system – they were middle - level bureaucrats in India , who had suddenly become senior bureaucrats in Pakistan . "
Mohammad Jinnah , the founder of the state , who died in 1948 – Kazim went to his funeral – " had a weakness for flattery .
He did n't keep good company . "
I 've heard this story before , albeit less eloquently told .
Pakistan existed , but there was no sign of a developing society or the creation of a nation .
" We have still not made a society , " Kazim says .
" People have to take something out of their personal lives and invest it in our society . "
There is a pause here , then Kazim 's voice rises .
" WE ARE STILL IN 1947 ! " Pakistan obtained its freedom under the Indian Independence Act – but there is nothing called the Pakistan Independence Act . "
Another room now , in what Pakistani reporters still call a " posh " area of Islamabad .
( When they bring themselves into their own stories , by the way , Pakistani journalists call themselves " scribes " , rather than our self - denigrating " hacks " ) .
But the air conditioner is just as noisy .
Now it is another lawyer , Aitzaz Ahsan , hero of the ' Long March ' of spring 2009 which eventually secured the reinstatement of Iftikhar Chaudhry as Chief Justice after the abdication of America 's favourite dictator , the president - general Pervez Musharraf .
Ahsan 's new book ,
The Indus Saga and the Making of Pakistan suggests that there were two culturally different regions of the land which the British called India , that there was a continuous social and political order in the Indus region – the bit that became Pakistan – that was quite different from that of the rest of India .
On Pakistani independence , the structure of state - Raj versus the citizen - native did not change .
As Ahsan puts it bleakly , " the military officers who on 14 August , 1947 , saluted the raising of the green standard with crescent and star had on the 13 August been saluting the Union Jack .
They could n't change in a day .
Somebody else had fought for independence .
The ' natives ' remained and continued to be denied democratic rights until 1970 . "
Thus – and Kazim would not agree with this – Pakistanis loved their judges rather than their soldiers , and admired them with a fair degree of cynicism .
Rightly so .
In 1954 , the Governor General dissolved parliament – an act unsustainable in law – but the judges upheld the dissolution .
In 1958 , the military commander dissolved the assembly , abrogating the constitution .
And the country 's Supreme Court endorsed the imposition of martial law on the grounds that " a successful coup d'état is an internationally - recognised , legal method of changing a government . "
Judges reversed this opinion in 1972 , ruling that there was no place for a military regime in Pakistan – but it did so only after the military regime had fallen .
Now the army – guardian of the nation of Pakistan , and America 's second - best friend in the region ( after the Indian army ) – is under constant military attack , while obligingly allowing the totally corrupted ( and corrupting ) politicians to run the vehicle of state under the banner of ' democracy ' .
Everyone knows that the Inter - Services Intelligence – their leaders appear to be interchangeable with the regular army – continue to succour and guard and lead the Afghan Taliban .
They will do so as long as America ignores Pakistan 's conflict with India over Kashmir .
American soldiers die because of Muslim anger at Washington 's support for Israel , as US Commander General David Petraeus suggested last month .
But American soldiers also die because of Kashmir .
Pakistanis – and here is something which truly unites all of them – believe that America supports India , and that Kashmir is thus ultimately lost to them .
So why should they allow America – and Indian money and political influence – to control Afghanistan ?
It 's sometimes difficult to find the line between aggression and fear in Pakistan .
We in the West fear its nuclear weapons without even looking at a map of the country about which we obsess with such devotion .
Every major city – Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Lahore , Karachi , Peshawar , Quetta – is close to the borders of India or Afghanistan .
It is a both sump of poverty and a nuclear power , an intelligent nation – its people desire education with the same craving as the Palestinians – with a history that began and ended at the moment of partition , its datelines framed by military coups and imperial hand - outs and , now , by drone attacks and suicide bombers .
The latter arrived with a peculiar shock in Pakistan .
They started in Lebanon , moved to ' Palestine ' , then to Iraq and then to Afghanistan – and then to Pakistan .
From the Mediterranean to the old Raj , this black - magic rite travelled with incredible speed .
And now it has merged with the dirt and corruption and nuclear power of Pakistan .
I tried , in Pakistan , to define the sorrow which so constantly afflicts this country .
The massive loss of life , the poverty , the corruption , the internal and external threats to its survival , the existentialism of Islam and the power of the army ; perhaps Pakistan 's story can only be told in a novel .
It requires , I suspect , a Tolstoy or a Dostoyevsky .
But perhaps it is Pakistan 's ability to do harm to itself that most struck me – symbolised , I fear , by the latest and most terrible affliction to strike it : child - kidnapping .
Steal a little boy or a little girl , ask the parents for money , and kill the infant if they do n't pay .
When Sahil Saeed , the British - Pakistani boy , was taken , the police and the British embassy helped to bring him home .
But journalists covering the story found that the family home was sometimes overwhelmed with other parents , like those of six - year - old Mahnoor Fatima , who was stolen from his family in October of last year and never seen again .
" This shows the difference between rich and poor , " Mahnoor 's mother said .
" No one even came to my house to console me ...
Everything is done here for the rich and the British , but nothing for Pakistanis and the poor . "
Near Peshawar , a three - year old girl called Fariha was taken from a wedding party last month , her kidnappers demanding Sterling pounds 8,000 for her life .
The parents could n't pay .
So Fariha was killed and thrown into a canal .
Her father , a worker at a brick - kiln , later came to the Peshawar Press Club with the body of his daughter to demand punishment for her killers .
In Faisalabad two days later , another kidnapped child , seven - year - old Samina Ali , was found dead in a drain after her parents failed to pay a ransom for her .
They complained that the police later demanded £ 120 for handing over her body .
A kidnapped boy , a six - year - old identified only as Sharjeel , was also found dead in a drain a few hours earlier .
Socialist Equality Party ( Australia ) conferences in Sydney and Melbourne
The World Economic Crisis , the Failure of Capitalism and the Case for Socialism
the Socialist Equality Party ( Australia )
21 May 2010
Sydney
Sunday , July 4 , 10 a.m.— 5 p.m .
Parramatta RSL Auditorium
Corner Macquarie and O’Connell Streets , Parramatta
Click here to see a Google map
All - day free parking is available for conference participants in the RSL car park directly opposite the club .
Melbourne
Sunday , July 11 , 10 a.m.— 5 p.m.
Victoria University City Campus
Lecture Theatre C1105 - Level 11
300 Flinders St , Melbourne
( between Elizabeth and Queens St , one block from Flinders St Station )
Click here to register now
The global financial crisis of 2007 - 2008 marked the beginning of a systemic breakdown of the capitalist system .
The second stage of this historic economic upheaval is now underway , with governments that borrowed vast sums to bail - out the banks , corporations and hedge funds now imposing an unprecedented assault on the working class in the form of cuts to public spending , wages , jobs and living conditions .
The class issues are starkly posed .
The policy of all capitalist governments , whether they call themselves “ left ” or “ right ” , is to make the working class pay for the reckless speculation carried out by the wealthy financial elite .
Now , ordinary people the world over live with the daily threat that another financial meltdown — triggered by anything from debt default by Greece to the collapse of the real estate bubble in China — will plunge the world economy into Depression and mass unemployment .
The situation in Australia is no exception .
The Australian banking system is among the most vulnerable in the world to contractions in global credit markets .
The economy overall is entirely dependent on the “ China boom ” and unsustainable volumes of mineral exports to China , Japan , India and other Asian countries .
Just ten days after Australian Treasurer Swan delivered his budget , declaring that the Australian economy was “ defying economic gravity ” , the global financial turmoil has been expressed in yet another plunge on the sharemarket and a flight from the “ high - risk ” Australian dollar .
It is also reflected in a deepening political crisis for the Rudd Labor government and the precipitous decline in its popular support .
After spending tens of billions of dollars to shore up the banks and major companies in 2008 , Rudd is now embarking on a program of slashing public spending in order to meet the demands of these same banks and corporations to restore budget surpluses .
The illusions promoted by the Greens , the unions and their “ left ” apologists in the middle - class protest organisations are fast dissipating .
The claim that Labor would be a “ lesser evil ” compared to the Liberals has been proven false by the impact of its savage industrial relations regime , attacks on education and welfare , support for US militarism and the war in Afghanistan , persecution of refugees and abandonment of even the pretence of addressing the danger of climate change .
Labor ’s so - called reforms in education , health and social welfare are aimed at creating the conditions for historic cost - cutting in all areas of social expenditure .
Labor and Liberal will both fight the next election on the basis of who can best impose the austerity measures being demanded by the financial and corporate elite .
The strikes and demonstrations by workers in Greece are an anticipation of the resistance that will develop internationally to such policies , including in Australia .
Anger and protest , however , is not enough .
The working class needs new political leadership and a new international perspective .
In every country , workers must make a political break with capitalist parties and trade unions that insist they sacrifice their living standards for “ national competitiveness ” and corporate profits .
The global failure of capitalism threatens another catastrophe — to once again drag humanity into an economic abyss and war .
As in the 1930s , political and military conflicts are already festering between the major powers over control of resources and markets .
The only progressive alternative is to build an independent political movement of the working class armed with a revolutionary and socialist perspective .
Such a movement must have as its aim the unification of workers of all countries against nationalism and chauvinism to carry though the socialist reorganisation of the world economy to meet social needs , not private profit .
The Socialist Equality Party is holding day - long conferences on “ The World Economic Crisis , the Failure of Capitalism and the Case for Socialism ” in Sydney on July 4 and Melbourne on July 11 .
These conferences will be forums for discussion on the origins of the global crisis and the program necessary to build a genuine socialist movement of the Australian and international working class .
We urge readers and supporters of the World Socialist Web Site , the Socialist Equality Party and the International Students for Social Equality ( ISSE ) in Australia and the South Pacific region to register for these critical conferences , and to advertise them widely .
Public meetings on the same topic will be held in Perth on July 18 and Newcastle on July 25 .
All participants must register for the conferences in advance , online or by mail .
The conference cost is $ 15 or $ 8 concession .
Payment can be made securely online via PayPal , or by cheque / money order by mail .
Click here to register
The cost of the public meetings is $ 5 and tickets can be purchased online , by mail or at the door .
Perth Public Meeting
Sunday , July 18 , 3.00 p.m .
Aqualife Centre
Somerset Street
East Victoria Park
Click here to see a Google map
( nearest railway station is Oats Street Station )
Newcastle Public Meeting
Sunday , July 25 , 1.00 p.m .
The Newcastle Room ( Ground Floor )
Newcastle City Hall
290 King Street , Newcastle
Click here to see a Google map
( nearest railway station is Civic Station )
I was n't trying to push a political agenda ?
I was simply disagreeing with the message in the image .
I appreciate the effort to make debate , but I think you misinterpreted what I said .
If he can pick and choose his jobs , that 's fine .
He is belly - aching about a problem that he ought not have , then , and if he can barely live on what he makes , he should start taking more jobs or not being picky .
The picture either seems like :
A. )
The artist is complaining about having to do a job as he's asked and not being able to do what he wants , or ...
B. )
He is complaining about too many people who try to commission his work are n't the kind of clients he prefers to do business with .
His options for either of these are :
A. ) Stop complaining , buckle down and do the work that he needs to do so he can get his money and eventually get better commissions , or ...
B. ) Quit taking business from clients he prefers not to work with .
So he is either complaining about a problem that EVERYBODY has , or he 's sort of " First World Artist " complaining , meaning that he 's well - known enough that he can live off his art , yet he can't see that such a condition is a dream come true for most artists and finds something to gripe about even in happiness and luxury .
Work is work .
If he can't realize that he wo n't be able to just do whatever he wants all the time , then he ought to just go live on an island somewhere .
Because everywhere you work you 're going to have to do what others say .
Commissioned artwork is no different .
The only difference is that with commissions , your bosses change more frequently .
Challenge # 39 Complete !
Onstar says # chevyatl are “ good Samaritans . ”
Around 2 am , # chevyatl noticed a car in the median that was smoking significantly and possibly on fire .
We pulled into the Texas welcome center , which was just across the road from the disabled vehicle , and called OnStar .
The fine folks there proceeded to call 911 and an emergency responder was on the case in no time .
We were happy to find the driver was not in the car .
OnStar thanked us for being good Samaritans and we got a warm fuzzy feeling .
We do have audio proof but it ’s 6 minutes long and the time for audio editing has passed so hear us now , believe us later , we ’re heroes , y'all .
The Matildas provided the Socceroos with some inspiration ahead of the World Cup by claiming Australia 's first Asian football title at the women 's Asian Cup in China on Sunday night .
Tom Sermanni's team overcame several injury setbacks and monsoonal conditions in Chengdu to go a step better than their runner - up finish at the 2006 tournament with a dramatic penalties win over North Korea in the final .
Australian women soccer team players celebrate during a trophy presentation ceremony after they defeated North Korea in the Final match of the AFC Women 's Asian Cup .
Credit :AP
With scores locked at 1 - 1 after 90 minutes and extra time , the Matildas were flawless in the shootout , winning 5 - 4 after 18 - year - old substitute Kyah Simon netted the winning penalty .
" We 're Asian champions , Australia , it 's amazing , " goalkeeper and captain Melissa Barbieri said after the win .
The synthetic world of modern technology provides an unreal environment that yields unreal consequences .
If you get into trouble , hit the ' ' undo ' ' button , or just switch off .
Avoidance of failure - and its real - world consequences - is at your fingertips .
Real consequences for poor judgment or reckless thrill - seeking are nil .
Spend some time looking at the current offerings of video games , or ask any teen who 's been a victim of cyber - bullying how people could be so cruel , and you 'll see what I mean .
Now imagine giving these same teenagers who have grown up in this unreal world the keys to a car .
Can we really expect that they have a refined capacity for judging their own limits ?
Do they understand the gravity of failure enough to maintain a margin of safety in risky situations , such as a wet road or driving at speed ?
How could they ?
They have never felt the pain of falling off their bike and grazing their knees .
Likewise , their parents have n't been sharing their journey in learning about risk to become confident they can manage such dangers .
Their parents are now scared stiff of the unknown and untested capacities of their child to make good decisions and keep themselves safe in the real world .
They can't even begin a dialogue with them about sensible judgment and personal safety , because they 've never had this conversation before .
I bet Jessica 's parents did , and I bet they do n't lose sleep at night when she 's out , or when she gets her driver 's licence .
For parents to keep their kids safe , they need to encourage and teach them to take risks , starting in childhood so being a ' ' risk mentor ' ' is a natural and integral part of their relationship .
With life experience , and through example , they have much to teach their children about how to be '' risk literate ' ' .
This is not only essential to bringing up psychologically equipped young people , but also for their own psychological health and peace of mind .
Parents who can take risks , and can teach their children to do likewise , remain relevant and therefore influential over their children .
Scared parents offer little except an example of fear and defeat .
We grow through taking risks .
Parents need to be the masters , and their children willing students .
Jessica Watson and her parents ' achievement is great because they have given us such a vivid example of how to be parents in the modern world , and how as a young person to grow into adulthood .
One of the surprising joys parenthood can bring is when we ourselves are compelled to learn to take risks for our children 's benefit .
It 's the way they give back to us .
In These Skreets : ATL's Finest Stepped Out In Their Best Drip For The Premiere Of ' Waka & Tammy : What The Flocka '
PHYS771 Lecture 10 : Quantum Computing
Scott Aaronson
Quantum Computing
Alright , so now we 've got this beautiful theory of quantum mechanics , and the possibly - even - more - beautiful theory of computational complexity .
Clearly , with two theories this beautiful , you can't just let them stay single -- you have to set them up , see if they hit it off , etc .
And that brings us to the class BQP : Bounded - Error Quantum Polynomial - Time .
We talked in Lecture 7 about BPP , or Bounded - Error Probabilistic Polynomial - Time .
Informally , BPP is the class of computational problems that are efficiently solvable in the physical world if classical physics is true .
Now we ask , what problems are efficiently solvable in the physical world if ( as seems more likely ) quantum physics is true ?
To me it 's sort of astounding that it took until the 1990's for anyone to really seriously ask this question , given that all the tools for asking it were in place by the 1960's or even earlier .
It makes you wonder , what similarly obvious questions are there today that no one 's asking ?
So how do we define BQP ?
Well , there are four things we need to take care of .
1. Initialization .
We say , we have a system consisting of n quantum bits ( or qubits ) , and these are all initialized to some simple , easy - to - prepare state .
For convenience , we usually take that to be a " computational basis state , " though later in the course we 'll consider relaxing that assumption .
In particular , if the input string is x , then the initial state will have the form |x 〉 |0 ...0 〉 : that is , |x〉 together with as many " ancilla " qubits as we want initialized to the all - 0 state .
2. Transformations .
At any time , the state of our computer will be a superposition over all 2 p ( n ) p(n ) - bit strings , where p is some polynomial in n :
.
But what operations can we use to transform one superposition state to another ?
Since this is quantum mechanics , the operations should be unitary transformations -- but which ones ?
Given any Boolean function f:{ 0,1}n → {0,1} , there 's some unitary transformation that will instantly compute the function for us -- namely , the one that maps each input |x〉|0〉 to |x〉|f ( x ) 〉!
But of course , for most functions f , we can't apply that transformation efficiently .
Exactly by analogy to classical computing -- where we 're only interested in those circuits that can be built up by composing a small number of AND , OR , and NOT gates -- here we 're only interested in those unitary transformations that can be built up by composing a small number of quantum gates .
By a " quantum gate , " I just mean a unitary transformation that acts on a small number of qubits -- say 1 , 2 , or 3 .
Alright , let 's see some examples of quantum gates .
One famous example is the Hadamard gate , which acts as follows on a single qubit :
Another example is the Toffoli gate , which acts as follows on three qubits :
|000 〉 → |000 〉
|001 〉 → |001 〉
|010 〉 → |010 〉
|011 〉 → |011 〉
| 100 〉 → | 100 〉
| 101 〉 → | 101 〉
| 110 〉 → | 111 〉
| 111 〉 → | 110 〉
Or in words , the Toffoli gate flips the third qubit if and only if the first two qubits are both 1 .
Note that the Toffoli gate actually makes sense for classical computers as well .
Now , it was shown by Shi that the Toffoli and Hadamard already constitute a universal set of quantum gates .
This means , informally , that they 're all you ever need for a quantum computer -- since if we wanted to , we could use them to approximate any other quantum gate arbitrarily closely .
( Or technically , any gate whose unitary matrix has real numbers only , no complex numbers .
But that turns out not to matter for computing purposes . )
Furthermore , by a result called the Solovay - Kitaev Theorem , any universal set of gates can simulate any other universal set efficiently -- that is , with at most a polynomial increase in the number of gates .
So as long as we 're doing complexity theory , it really does n't matter which universal gate set we choose .
( This is exactly analogous to how , in the classical world , we could build our circuits out of AND , OR , and NOT gates , out of AND and NOT gates only , or even out of NAND gates only . )
Now , you might ask : which quantum gate sets have this property of universality ?
Is it only very special ones ?
On the contrary , it turns out that in a certain precise sense , almost any set of 1 - and 2 - qubit gates ( indeed , almost any single 2 - qubit gate ) will be universal .
But there are certainly exceptions to the rule .
For example , suppose you had only the Hadamard gate ( defined above ) together with the following " controlled - NOT " gate :
|00 〉 → |00 〉
|01 〉 → |01 〉
| 10 〉 → | 11 〉
| 11〉 → | 10 〉
That seems like a natural universal set of quantum gates , but it is n't .
The so - called Gottesman - Knill Theorem shows that any quantum circuit consisting entirely of Hadamard and controlled - NOT gates can be simulated efficiently by a classical computer .
Now , once we fix a universal set ( any universal set ) of quantum gates , we 'll be interested in those circuits consisting of at most p(n ) gates from our set , where p is a polynomial , and n is the number of bits of the problem instance we want to solve .
We call these the polynomial - size quantum circuits .
3. Measurement .
How do we read out the answer when the computation is all done ?
Simple : we measure some designated qubit , reject if we get outcome |0〉 , and accept if we get outcome | 1 〉 !
( Recall that for simplicity , we 're only interested here in decision problems -- that is , problems having a yes - or - no answer . )
We further stipulate that , if the answer to our problem was " yes , " then the final measurement should accept with probability at least 2/3 , whereas if the answer was " no , " then it should accept with probability at most 1/3 .
This is exactly the same requirement as for BPP .
And as with BPP , we can replace the 2/3 and 1/3 by any other numbers we want ( for example , 1 - 2- 500 and 2-500 ) , by simply repeating the computation a suitable number of times and then outputting the majority answer .
Now , immediately there 's a question : would we get a more powerful model of computation if we allowed not just one measurement , but many measurements throughout the computation !
It turns out that the answer is no -- the reason being that you can always simulate a measurement ( other than the final measurement , the one that " counts " ) using a unitary quantum gate .
You can say , instead of measuring qubit A , let 's apply a controlled - NOT gate from qubit A into qubit B , and then ignore qubit B for the rest of the computation .
Then it 's as if some third party measured qubit A -- the two views are mathematically equivalent .
( Is this a trivial technical point or a profound philosophical point ?
You be the judge ... )
4. Uniformity .
Before we can give the definition of BQP , there 's one last technical issue we need to deal with .
We talked about a " polynomial - size quantum circuit , " but more correctly it 's an infinite family of circuits , one for each input length n .
Now , can the circuits in this family be chosen arbitrarily , completely independent of each other ?
If so , then we could use them to ( for example ) solve the halting problem , by just hardwiring into the nth circuit whether or not the nth Turing machine halts .
If we want to rule that out , then we need to impose a requirement called uniformity .
This means that there should exist a ( classical ) algorithm that , given n as input , outputs the nth quantum circuit in time polynomial in n .
Exercise .
Show that letting a polynomial - time quantum algorithm output the nth circuit would lead to the same definition .
Alright , we 're finally ready to put the pieces together and give a definition of BQP .
BQP is the class of languages L ⊆ { 0,1} * for which there exists a uniform family of polynomial - size quantum circuits , {C n } , such that for all x ∈ { 0,1}n :
If x ∈ L then C n accepts input |x 〉 |0...0 〉 with probability at least 2/3 .
accepts input |x〉|0...0 〉 with probability at least 2/3 .
If x ∉ L then C n accepts input |x 〉|0...0 〉 with probability at most 1/3 .
Uncomputing
So , what can we say about BQP ?
Well , as a first question , let 's say you have a BQP algorithm that calls another BQP algorithm as a subroutine .
Could that be more powerful than BQP itself ?
Or in other words , could BQPBQP ( that is , BQP with a BQP oracle ) be more powerful than BQP ?
Answer :
It better not be !
Right !
Incidentally , this is related to something I was talking to Dave Bacon about .
Why do physicists have so much trouble understanding the class NP ?
I suspect it 's because NP , with its " magical " existential quantifier layered on top of a polynomial - time computation , is not the sort of thing they 'd ever come up with .
The classes that physicists would come up with -- the physicist complexity classes -- are hard to delineate precisely , but one property I think they 'd definitely have is " closure under the obvious things , " like one algorithm from the class calling another algorithm from the same class as a subroutine .
I claim that BQP is an acceptable " physicist complexity class " -- and in particular , that BQPBQP = BQP .
What 's the problem in showing this ?
Right , garbage !
Recall that when a quantum algorithm is finished , you measure just a single qubit to obtain the yes - or - no answer .
So , what to do with all the other qubits ?
Normally you 'd just throw it away .
But now let 's say you 've got a superposition over different runs of an algorithm , and you want to bring the results of those runs together and interfere them .
In that case , the garbage might prevent the different branches from interfering !
So what do you do to fix this ?
The solution , proposed by Bennett in the 1980's , is to uncompute .
Here 's how it works :
You run the subroutine .
You copy the subroutine 's answer qubit to a separate location .
You run the entire subroutine backwards , thereby erasing everything except the answer qubit .
( If the subroutine had some probability of error , this erasing step wo n't work perfectly , but it will still work pretty well . )
As you 'd see if you visited my apartment , this is not the solution I generally adopt .
But if you 're a quantum computer , cleaning up the messes you make is a good idea .
Relation to Classical Complexity Classes
Alright , so how does BQP relate to the complexity classes we 've already seen ?
First , I claim that BPP ⊆ BQP : in other words , anything you can do with a classical probabilistic computer , you can also do with a quantum computer .
Why ?
Right : because any time you were gonna flip a coin , you just apply a Hadamard gate instead .
In textbooks , this usually takes about a page to prove .
We just proved it .
Can we get any upper bound on BQP in terms of classical complexity classes ?
Sure we can !
First of all , it 's pretty easy to see that BQP ⊆ EXP : anything you can compute in quantum polynomial time you can also compute in classical exponential time .
Or to put it differently , quantum computers can provide at most an exponential advantage over classical computers .
Why is that ?
Right : because if you allow exponential slowdown , then a classical computer can just simulate the whole evolution of the state vector !
As it turns out , we can do a lot better than that .
Recall that PP is the class of problems like the following :
Given a sum of exponentially many real numbers , each of which can be evaluated in polynomial time , is the sum positive or negative ( promised that one of these is the case ) ?
Given a Boolean formula in n variables , do at least half of the 2 n possible variable settings make the formula evaluate to TRUE ?
possible variable settings make the formula evaluate to TRUE ?
Given a randomized polynomial - time Turing machine , does it accept with probability ≥
1/2 ?
In other words , a PP problem involves summing up exponentially many terms , and then deciding whether the sum is greater or less than some threshold .
Certainly PP is contained in PSPACE is contained in EXP .
In their original paper on quantum complexity , Bernstein and Vazirani showed that BQP ⊆ PSPACE .
Shortly afterward , Adleman , DeMarrais , and Huang improved their result to show that BQP ⊆ PP .
( This was also the first complexity result I proved .
Had I known that Adleman et al. had proved it a year before , I might never have gotten started in this business !
Occasionally it 's better to have a small academic light - cone . )
So , why is BQP contained in PP ?
From a computer science perspective , the proof is maybe half a page .
From a physics perspective , the proof is three words :
FEYNMAN PATH INTEGRAL !!!
Look , let 's say you want to calculate the probability that a quantum computer accepts .
The obvious way to do it is to multiply a bunch of 2n - by - 2n unitary matrices , then take the sum of the squares of the absolute values of the amplitudes corresponding to accepting basis states ( that is , basis states for which the output qubit is | 1 〉 ) .
What Feynman noticed in the 1940's is that there 's a better way -- a way that 's vastly more efficient in terms of memory ( or paper ) , though still exponential in terms of time .
The better way is to loop over accepting basis states , and for each one , loop over all computational paths that might contribute amplitude to that basis state .
So for example , let α x be the final amplitude of basis state |x〉 .
Then we can write
where each α x , i corresponds to a single leaf in an exponentially - large " possibility tree , " and is therefore computable in classical polynomial time .
Typically , the α x , i 's will be complex numbers with wildly - differing phases , which will interfere destructively and cancel each other out ; then α x will be the tiny residue left over .
The reason quantum computing seems more powerful than classical computing is precisely that it seems hard to estimate that tiny residue using random sampling .
Random sampling would work fine for ( say ) a typical US election , but estimating α x is more like the 2000 election .
Now , let S be the set of all accepting basis states .
Then we can write the probability that our quantum computer accepts as
where * denotes complex conjugate .
But this is just a sum of exponentially many terms , each of which is computable in P .
We can therefore decide in PP whether p accept ≤ 1/3 or p accept ≥ 2/3 .
From my perspective , Richard Feynman won the Nobel Prize in physics essentially for showing BQP is contained in PP .
Currently - known inclusions .
Of course , the question that really gets people hot under the collar is whether BPP ≠ BQP : that is , whether quantum computing is more powerful than classical .
Today we have evidence that this is indeed the case , most notably Shor 's algorithm for factoring and discrete log .
I 'll assume you 've seen this algorithm , since it was one of the major scientific achievements of the late 20th century , and is why we 're here in Waterloo talking about these things in the first place .
If you have n't seen it , there are about 500,000 expositions on the web .
It 's worth stressing that , even before Shor 's algorithm , computer scientists had amassed formal evidence that quantum computers were more powerful than classical ones .
Indeed , this evidence is what paved the way for Shor 's algorithm .
One major piece of evidence was Simon 's algorithm , which many of you have also seen .
Suppose we have a function f:{ 0,1}n → { 0,1}n , which we can access only as a " black box " ( that is , by feeding it inputs and examining the outputs ) .
We 're promised that there exists a " secret XOR - mask " s∈{0 ,1}n , such that for all distinct ( x , y ) pairs , f( x ) =f (y ) if and only if x⊕y=s .
( Here ⊕ denotes bitwise XOR . )
Our goal is to learn the identity of s .
The question is , how many times do we need to query f to do that with high probability ?
Classically , it 's easy to see that ~ 2n /2 queries are necessary and sufficient .
As soon as we find a collision ( a pair x≠y such that f( x ) =f (y ) ) , we know that s=x⊕y , and hence we 're done .
But until we find a collision , the function looks essentially random .
In particular , if we query the function on T inputs , then the probability of finding a collision is at most ~ T2 / 2n by the union bound .
Hence we need T ≈ 2n / 2 queries to find s with high probability .
On the other hand , Simon gave a quantum algorithm that finds s using only ~n queries .
The basic idea is to query f in superposition , and thereby prepare quantum states of the form
for random ( x , y ) pairs such that x⊕y=s .
We then use the so - called quantum Fourier transform to extract information about s from these states .
This use of the Fourier transform to extract " hidden periodicity information " provided a direct inspiration for Shor 's algorithm , which does something similar over the abelian group Z N instead of .
( In a by - now famous story , Simon 's paper got rejected the first time he submitted it to a conference -- apparently Shor was one of the few people who got the point of it . )
Again , I wo n't go through the details of Simon 's algorithm ; see here if you want them .
So , the bottom line is that we get a problem -- Simon 's problem -- that quantum computers can provably solve exponentially faster than classical computers .
Admittedly , this problem is rather contrived , relying as it does on a mythical " black box " for computing a function f with a certain global symmetry .
Because of its black - box formulation , Simon 's problem certainly does n't prove that BPP ≠ BQP .
What it does prove that there exists an oracle relative to which BPP ≠ BQP .
This is what I meant by formal evidence that quantum computers are more powerful than classical ones .
As it happens , Simon 's problem was not the first to yield an oracle separation between BPP and BQP .
Just as Shor was begotten of Simon , so Simon was begotten of Bernstein - Vazirani .
In the long - ago dark ages of 1993 , Bernstein and Vazirani devised a black - box problem called Recursive Fourier Sampling .
They were able to prove that any classical algorithm needs at least ~nlog n queries to solve this problem , whereas there exists a quantum algorithm to solve it using only n queries .
Unfortunately , even to define the Recursive Fourier Sampling problem would take a longer digression than I feel is prudent .
( If you think Simon 's problem was artificial , you ai n't seen nuthin ' ! )
But the basic idea is this .
Suppose we have black - box access to a Boolean function f:{ 0,1}n → {0,1} .
We 're promised that there exists a " secret string " s∈{0 ,1}n , such that f( x ) =s•x for all x ( where • denotes the inner product mod 2 ) .
Our goal is to learn s , using as few queries to f as possible .
In other words : we know that f(x ) is just the XOR of some subset of input bits ; our goal is to find out which subset .
Classically , it 's obvious that n queries to f are necessary and sufficient : we 're trying to learn n bits , and each query can only reveal one !
But quantumly , Bernstein and Vazirani observed that you can learn s with just a single query .
To do so , you simply prepare the state
then apply Hadamard gates to all n qubits .
The result is easily checked to be |s〉 .
What Bernstein and Vazirani did was to start from the problem described above -- called Fourier sampling -- and then compose it recursively .
In other words , they created a Fourier sampling problem where to learn one of the bits f( x ) , you need to solve another Fourier sampling problem , and to learn one of the bits in that problem you need to solve a third problem , and so on .
They then showed that , if the recursion is d levels deep , then any randomized algorithm to solve this Recursive Fourier Sampling problem must make at least ~nd queries .
By contrast , there exists a quantum algorithm that solves the problem using only 2d queries .
Why 2d queries , you ask , instead of just 1d = 1 ?
Because at each level of recursion , the quantum algorithm needs to uncompute its garbage to get an interference effect -- and that keeps adding an additional factor of 2 .
Like so : Compute {
Compute {
Compute
Uncompute
}
Uncompute {
Compute
Uncompute
}
}
Uncompute {
Compute {
Compute
Uncompute
}
Uncompute {
Compute
Uncompute
}
} Indeed , one of my results shows that this sort of recursive uncomputation is unavoidable feature of any quantum algorithm for Recursive Fourier Sampling .
So , once we have this gap of nd versus 2d , setting d=log n gives us nlog n queries on a classical computer versus 2 log n=n queries on a quantum computer .
Admittedly , this separation is not exponential versus polynomial -- it 's only " quasipolynomial " versus polynomial .
But that 's still enough to prove an oracle separation between BPP and BQP .
You might wonder : now that we have Simon 's and Shor 's algorithms -- which do achieve an exponential separation between quantum and classical -- why muck around with this recursive archeological relic ?
Well , I 'll tell you why .
One of the biggest open problems in quantum computing concerns the relationship between BQP and the polynomial hierarchy PH ( defined in Lecture 6 ) .
Specifically , is BQP contained in PH ?
Sure , it seems unlikely -- but as Bernstein and Vazirani asked back in ' 93 , can we actually find an oracle relative to which BQP ⊄ PH ?
Alas , fourteen years and maybe a half - dozen disillusioned grad students later , the answer is still no .
Yet many of us still believe a separation should be possible -- and the significance of Recursive Fourier Sampling is that it 's practically the only candidate problem we have for such a separation .
Quantum Computing and NP - complete Problems
From reading newspapers , magazines , Slashdot , and so on , one would think a quantum computer could " solve NP - complete problems in a heartbeat " by " trying every possible solution in parallel , " and then instantly picking the correct one .
Well , that 's a crock .
Indeed , arguably it's the central crock about quantum computing .
Obviously , we can't yet prove that quantum computers can't solve NP - complete problems efficiently -- in other words , that NP ⊄ BQP -- since we can't even prove that P ≠ NP !
Nor do we have any idea how to prove that if P ≠ NP then NP ⊄ BQP .
What we do have is the early result of Bennett , Bernstein , Brassard , and Vazirani , that there exists an oracle relative to which NP ⊄ BQP .
More concretely , suppose you 're searching a space of 2n possible solutions for a single valid one , and suppose that all you can do , given a candidate solution , is feed it to a ' black box ' that tells you whether that solution is correct or not .
Then how many times do you need to query the black box to find the valid solution ?
Classically , it 's clear that you need to query it ~ 2n times in the worst case ( or ~ 2n /2 times on average ) .
On the other hand , Grover famously gave a quantum search algorithm that queries the black box only ~ 2n / 2 times .
But even before Grover 's algorithm was discovered , Bennett et al. had proved that it was optimal !
In other words , any quantum algorithm to find a needle in a size - 2n haystack needs at least ~ 2n / 2 steps .
So the bottom line is that , for " generic " or " unstructured " search problems , quantum computers can give some speedup over classical computers -- specifically , a quadratic speedup -- but nothing like the exponential speedup of Shor 's factoring algorithm .
You might wonder : why should the speedup be quadratic , rather than cubic or something else ?
Let me try to answer that question without getting into the specifics either of Grover 's algorithm , or of the Bennett et al. optimality proof .
Basically , the reason we get a quadratic speedup is that quantum mechanics is based on the L 2 norm rather than the L 1 norm .
Classically , if there are N solutions , only one of which is right , then after one query we have a 1/ N probability of having guessed the right solution , after two queries we have a 2 / N probability , after three queries a 3 / N probability , and so on .
Thus we need ~N queries to have a non-negligible ( i.e. close to 1 ) probability of having guessed the right solution .
But quantumly , we get to apply linear transformations to vectors of amplitudes , which are the square roots of probabilities .
So the way to think about it is this : after one query we have a 1 / √N amplitude of having guessed the right solution , after two queries we have a 2 / √N amplitude , after three queries a 3 / √N amplitude , and so on .
So after T queries , the amplitude of having guessed a right solution is T/√N , and the probability is |T/ √N|2 = T2/N .
Hence the probability will be close to 1 after only T ≈ √N queries .
Alright , those of you who read my blog must be tired of polemics about the limitations of quantum computers on unstructured search problems .
So I 'm going to take the liberty of ending this section now .
Quantum Computing and Many - Worlds
Since this course is Quantum Computing Since Democritus , I guess I should end today 's lecture with a deep philosophical question .
Alright , so how about this one : if we managed to build a nontrivial quantum computer , would that demonstrate the existence of parallel universes ?
David Deutsch , one of the founders of quantum computing in the 1980's , certainly thinks that it would .
( Though to be fair , Deutsch thinks the impact would " merely " be psychological -- since for him , quantum mechanics has already proved the existence of parallel universes ! )
Deutsch is fond of asking questions like the following : if Shor 's algorithm succeeds in factoring a 3000 - digit integer , then where was the number factored ?
Where did the computational resources needed to factor the number come from , if not from some sort of ' multiverse ' exponentially bigger than the universe we see ?
To my mind , Deutsch seems to be tacitly assuming here that factoring is not in BPP -- but no matter ; for purposes of argument we can certainly grant him that assumption .
It should surprise no one that Deutsch 's views about this are far from universally accepted .
Many who agree about the possibility of building quantum computers , and the formalism needed to describe them , nevertheless disagree that the formalism is best interpreted in terms of " parallel universes . "
To Deutsch , these people are simply intellectual wusses -- like the Churchmen who agreed that Copernican system was practically useful , so long as one remembers that obviously the Earth does n't really go around the sun .
So , how do the intellectual wusses respond to the charges ?
For one thing , they point out that viewing a quantum computer in terms of " parallel universes " raises serious difficulties of its own .
In particular , there 's what those condemned to worry about such things call the " preferred basis problem . "
The problem is basically this : how do we define a " split " between one parallel universe and another ?
There are infinitely many ways you could imagine slicing up a quantum state , and it's not clear why one is better than another !
One can push the argument further .
The key thing that quantum computers rely on for speedups -- indeed , the thing that makes quantum mechanics different from classical probability theory in the first place -- is interference between positive and negative amplitudes .
But to whatever extent different " branches " of the multiverse can usefully interfere for quantum computing , to that extent they do n't seem like separate branches at all !
I mean , the whole point of interference is to mix branches together so that they lose their individual identities .
If they retain their identities , then for exactly that reason we do n't see interference .
Of course a many - worlder could respond that , in order to lose their separate identities by interfering with each others , the branches had to be there in the first place !
And the argument could go on ( indeed , has gone on ) for quite a while .
Rather than take sides in this fraught , fascinating , but perhaps ultimately - meaningless debate , I 'd like to end with one observation that 's not up for dispute .
What Bennett et al .'s lower bound tells us is that , if quantum computing supports the existence of parallel universes , then it certainly does n't do so in the way most people think !
As we 've seen , a quantum computer is not a device that could " try every possible solution in parallel " and then instantly pick the correct one .
If we insist on seeing things in terms of parallel universes , then those universes all have to " collaborate " -- more than that , have to meld into each other -- to create an interference pattern that will lead to the correct answer being observed with high probability .
[ Discussion of this lecture on blog ]
[← Previous lecture | Next lecture → ]
[ Return to PHYS771 home page ]
Good color choices should never be taken for granted in web design .
A bad color selection or combination can have the same negative effective as poorly placed content or can create the same frustration as an excessively slow loading page .
So , underestimate the power of color at your own peril .
Even with a myriad of colors , the chances of stumbling into good an eye - pleasing color by mixing two or more together are very slim .
To help make a good color selection or arrangement , the situations when two colors are in a harmonious combination have been split into six color categories or schemes .
They are : Monochromatic , Analogous , Complementary , Split Complementary , Triadic and Tetradic .
In this post , we will take a look at each , and highlight some effective examples of there use within web design .
1. Monochromatic Color Harmony
As the name dictates , this calming color scheme uses only a single color as a base and allows its various shades , tints and tones to be included within its palette .
A Monochromatic Color Harmony or Scheme : Using monochromatic harmony expresses unity and instills elegance , while at the same time is neither powerful or bold enough to to allow you to focus on any particular aspect of the design ( due to its lack of color contrast ) .
Here are some beautiful examples of Monochromatic Color Schemes within web design :
1.1 Loewy Design
2. Analogous Color Harmony
Analogous color schemes are made up of colors that are directly next to each other on the 12 point color wheel .
An Analogous Color Harmony or Scheme : Compared with the monochromatic scheme ( above ) , the analogous offers more nuances , but suffers from the same defect – a lack of color contrast .
To use this scheme effectively , you have to choose one dominant color , a second to support and lastly a third color , that is used as the accent , which will give your web design a dramatic impact .
It is also recommended not to use too many hues and avoid the combination of cool and warm colors .
Here are some examples of Analogous Color Schemes within web design :
2.1 ustvarjalko
2.2 Ecoki
3. Complementary Color Harmony
With complementary color schemes , we finally have a recipe for good color contrast .
A Complementary Color Harmony or Scheme :
This scheme basically uses two colors located on opposite ends of the color wheel ( such as , red is opposite of green and orange is opposite blue … meaning they are complementary … ) .
Due to the huge effect and power of the contrast , web designers will choose one dominant color ( usually the background ) and another to highlight the most important elements of the page ( the content ) .
Any shade or tint of a color can be used in a complementary color scheme , but desaturated colors should not be used , as you will lose positive contrast and the sites overall impact will greatly decrease .
Such as red is opposite of green … meaning they are complementary .
Here are some examples of Complementary Color Schemes within web designs :
3.1 Gobierno Federal Mexico
3.2 Douglas Menezes
4. Split Complementary Color Harmony
To ease the contrast of the two colors from the complementary scheme ( see above ) , split complementary schemes use a combination of three colors .
A Split Complementary Color Scheme
They are formed by combining a primary color from the color wheel with colors on each side of its complement .
( Or , in layman ’s terms , in the formation of the letter Y ) .
Here are some examples of Split Complementary Color Schemes within web designs :
4.1 Apps Templates
5. Triadic and Tetradic Color Harmony
Triadic Color Scheme :
As its name suggests , triadic uses the power of three colors which are situated at 120 degrees from each other ( these points are determined by an equilateral triangle ) on the 12 step color wheel .
There color harmonies tend to be bold and vibrant , even if you choose to use pale or unsaturated versions of the original hue .
A Triadic Color Scheme or Harmony :
This harmony could be considered your best color scheme option , with its effective contrast .
You could use one color for a background and the two remaining for content and the highlighted areas .
The colors should be carefully balanced – let one color dominate and use the two others for accent .
Tetradic Color Scheme : Yes , you have guessed it , tetradic uses a combination of four colors , determined by a square or rectangle placed over the color wheel .
To create different harmonies , the square or rectangle can be rotated , which will result in the creation of a new harmonious tetradic schemes .
A Tetradic Color Scheme or Harmony :
In a logical deduction this scheme has the greatest number of combinations , it is based on two complementary pairs .
This can be a double - edged sword though – it does offer the biggest option of color , but can give problems for good harmony .
Be very carefully when choosing these colors .
Both of these ( triadic and tetradic ) color combinations are difficult to interpret ; most websites will use a combination of four colors based on these color schemes , making it difficult to highlight with examples .
Throw a stick into the deep recesses of the web , and the chances are you will wind up hitting a site with either a triadic or a tetradic color scheme .
by ·
Are you embarrassed to take off your shoes in the company of others ?
Do your feet seem to hold on to every odor they come into contact with ?
Foot odor , otherwise known as bromhidrosis , is mainly the cause of sweating .
Bacteria thrive in warm , moist areas , making shoes and socks great places for them to linger .
Everyone naturally has bacteria on the skin of their feet .
Foot odor is a result of improper ventilation for hours at a time .
If you have hair on your feet and toes , this can intensify foot odor because there is more surface area for the bacteria to thrive on .
You can spend a lot of money at the store on products that are said to eliminate foot odor , but it can get costly over time .
There are some natural remedies for foot odor that you can try .
The most obvious remedy is to keep your feet clean .
Washing your feet at least once a day with soap , will wash away the bacteria that causes odor .
The perspiration that is found on the soles of your feet are composed of sodium chloride , water , fat , various acids , and minerals .
When this sweat comes into contact with certain bacteria , this composition breaks down , creating an unpleasant odor .
Washing your feet at least once a day will help prevent this cycle from happening .
If you have feet that sweat excessively , you can soak them in salt water .
Add one half cup of kosher salt to one quart of water , and soak your feet for a good 15 to 20 minutes .
After you ’ve soaked them , do n’t rinse your feet off , just dry them with a towel thoroughly .
Salt dries out the skin , and will help them stay dry .
It ’s best to use kosher salt rather than regular table salt , because kosher salt has larger crystals .
Another soaking option is a tea soak .
Boil anywhere from three to four tea bags in one quart of water for about ten minutes .
Add in some cooler water so it ’s not super hot when you put your feet in .
Soak your feet in the tea water for 20 to 30 minutes , then dry them thoroughly .
You can do this twice a day until the odor is under control .
If you continue to use this method twice a week , it can keep the odor from coming back .
You can also try soaking your feet in sodium bicarbonate .
Sodium bicarbonate makes the surface of the feet more acidic .
This will cut down the amount of odor that is produced .
Use one tablespoon of baking soda in one quart of water .
Make sure the baking soda is dissolved and then soak your feet for 15 minutes at a time .
Another method is to alternate using hot and cold water .
The process of alternating hot and cold water constricts the flow of blood to your feet , lessening perspiration .
After alternating hot and cold foot soaks a few times , make yourself an ice foot bath .
In the ice water , add some lemon juice .
After you soak your feet in the ice bath , rub your feet with alcohol to keep them cool and dry .
These are just a few of the natural remedies for foot odor you can try .
Keep your feet as cool and dry as possible .
If you have to wear shoes and socks for an extended period , find socks that are made from “ sweat wicking ” material , and shoes that have the ability to let air flow through them .
These suggestions should cut back on the foot odor quite a bit .
Next time you ’re in the company of others , there will be no need to be embarrassed about taking off your shoes .
Photo by lintmachine
Comments
Twitter just made threading tweets easier :
Here 's how to do it
The Twitter app just got a new trick for threading tweets .
Here 's everything you need to figure out how to use it now .
SAN FRANCISCO – “ What time is it ?
Checkout time ! ” “ Do n’t check in , check out ! ”
As their chants echoed off downtown buildings for blocks around , hundreds of hotel workers reminded guests and passers - by March 2 that their union is urging a customer boycott of the prestigious Hilton San Francisco Union Square hotel as part of its contract campaign with giant hotel corporations .
Unite Here Local 2 , representing some 9,000 workers in San Francisco hotels , has been in negotiations since last August with hotel corporations also including Marriott , Starwood , Hyatt and InterContinental .
So far , none have been willing to meet the workers ’ call for a contract with modest increases to sustain their health care and retirement benefits for a one - year period .
Local 2 points out that its proposals would mean just a 1.5 percent increase in labor costs during that time , and also notes that the giant hotel chains have maintained their profitability despite the economic downturn .
“ The most important thing to us , is that we do n’t want the corporations using the economy as an excuse to take away our health care , our pensions , our wages and job security , ” Ringo Mak , for 20 years a food server at the Hilton , told the World .
The Hilton has laid off many of his fellow servers , Mak said .
Though his seniority enabled him to keep his job , he had to move to another department .
Now , he said , shifts that were six hours have been cut to three .
With fewer workers on the job , workloads are heavier , and servers are called on at the last minute to work extra hours .
“ The hotels are making money , ” Mak said , “ though not as much as before .
They want to protect their profits but they do n’t care about their workers . ”
Local 2 President Mike Casey said the union ’s call for a customer boycott of seven major hotels – among them the Union Square Hilton , the Grand Hyatt , the W and the Westin St. Francis – has been very effective in driving business away .
Though no talks are going on now , Casey said , the union has won some important workplace issues and grievances .
While the hotels seem “ not very motivated ” now , he added , that ’s apt to change when they see workers coming together around similar contract expiration dates .
Besides San Francisco , workers in Chicago and Los Angeles are now working with expired contracts , while Toronto , Minneapolis , Washington DC and other hotel contracts are expiring during 2010 .
Sacramento hotel workers are also urging a customer boycott of the Hilton there .
Dozens of Unite Here Local 49 members picketed , chanted and sang in a drenching rain March 3 , as passing cars honked their solidarity .
Meanwhile , across the bay , area unions are campaigning in support of 59 maintenance , food and beverage workers at Pleasanton ’s Castlewood Country Club after management locked them out last week .
The workers , represented by Unite Here Local 2850 , have been in contract talks since September .
The country club proposes to cut off health benefits for about a quarter of the workers , and seeks to raise workers ’ costs for family health care to $ 739 per month .
Maintenance workers there average $ 12.50 an hour .
Company negotiators have said they do n’t think the company should have to provide additional compensation because a worker decided to get married and have children .
The union says its proposal would actually decrease the company ’s labor costs in the first year of a new contract .
The workers have belonged to Local 2850 for over 30 years , and had cooperative relations with the club until a new management and board took over last year .
Gail Ryall contributed to this article .
Fedora is a Linux - based operating system that brings the latest in free and open source software to your desktop , laptop and server , and gives you access to thousands of different open source applications .
This helpful , user - friendly operating system is built by people across the globe who work together as a community to create the Fedora Project .
Fedora is free to use , modify , and distribute , and includes software that helps you work , play , organize , and socialize .
You can read more information about the Fedora Project on our Overview page .
What 's new in Fedora 13 ?
Fedora 13 ( Goddard ) is filled with improvements that make Linux better than ever for all types of users .
Here are a few of the new things you can expect to see when you try out Fedora 13 .
Desktop users
Step 1 : plug in your printer .
Step 2 : print .
That 's it !
Have you ever tried to use a new printer and been frustrated by error messages and having to hunt for the correct driver to install ?
With the new easy printing feature in Fedora 13 , plug your printer in and Fedora automatically finds and installs the correct driver .
This feature allows you to print in many different locations and churn out copies within minutes .
It 's one of several innovations in Fedora 13 that let you take better advantage of your system 's hardware .
Color management helps artists , photographers , and designers to display and print their work more accurately by using 100 % free software .
Accurate color outputs for displays , printers , and scanners help you to ensure that the photo you scanned looks exactly the same on screen .
And after you touch it up or enhance it , the colors you 've chosen are true to how it will print .
Color management provides true color workflow for illustrators , designers , photographers , publishers , and creators of all skill levels .
User - friendly dialogs put profile graphs for each of your devices at your fingertips .
Tech preview of GNOME Shell in action in Fedora 13 .
A revolutionary new interface to help you find your stuff , and get things done .
Want 3D ?
We 've got it , in completely free , accelerated video drivers for ATI , Intel , and now NVidia too .
Out of the box you can run a variety of 3D accelerated games , enable cool desktop effects , and even try out the next - generation GNOME Shell on Intel and ATI cards .
To set up the new bling for NVidia , just install the mesa - dri- drivers - experimental package using Fedora 's handy Package Kit tool .
And since these drivers are completely free ( as in cost and freedom ) , we can continue improving them like any other free and open source software so your enjoyment grows over time .
System Administrators
If you spend your day managing how other people around you use Linux , Fedora 13 is loaded with features that will make your life even easier .
Whether you want to migrate new users to a Linux environment or experiment with the newest in open - source technologies to give yourself an edge , Fedora has all the tools you need .
For instance , you can download a single , tiny image file from boot .
fedoraproject.org , based on the work of boot .
kernel.org , and from it run and install current and future versions of Fedora without having to download additional images .
Do you need to log in to your office 's domain even though you 're on the go with a laptop ?
Then you 'll love the brand - new SSSD ( System Security Services Daemon ) .
This new software provides expanded features for logging into managed domains , including caching for offline authentication .
So even if you 're sitting in a coffeeshop in San Diego , you can still access your office back in New York using Fedora .
http://boot.fedoraproject.org puts you right into a network boot menu .
Measuring disk performance with udisks .
The things you know and love are still here - but better than ever .
NFSv4 -- the latest version of NFS -- is now available by default in Fedora 13 , bringing you better performance and IP v6 support .
Support for flexible , expandable logical volumes ( LVM ) has been added to Fedora 's disk utilities , making the measurement of disk performance a snap .
The best part ?
They 're all free and open source software -- just one more thing you can impress the boss with .
Developers
Are you a hacker who loves to play with open source ?
Are you building the world 's next great web application ?
Then you 'll love Fedora 's new features for software developers .
SystemTap already gives you plenty of ways to monitor what your system kernel is doing , whether it 's reading from the network or writing to a disk .
But with new static probes in Fedora 13 , SystemTap can look beyond the kernel to let you see what 's happening inside your application and language runtimes like Java , Python and TCL .
Did we mention advances in Python ?
If you love Python like we do , you 'll also love Fedora 13 's ability to generate dual - language backtraces .
Debugging your work when you 're mixing Python and C/ C++ just got easier in Fedora 13 with this feature , which originates in Fedora and is making its way into the Python language upstream .
Fedora 13 also blazes a trail with a parallel - installable Python 3 stack that helps you write and test code for use in both Python 2.6 and Python 3 environments .
Debugging Python system calls in GNOME Sudoku .
You can find a video explaining the feature here
And if you 're into Java , you 'll find version 6.8 of the NetBeans IDE , the first to offer complete support for the entire Java EE 6 spec .
It also has improved support for JSF 2.0 / Facelets , Java Persistence 2.0 , and EJB 3.1 .
And of course Fedora 's package ecosystem is rich with thousands of other tools for many languages and development styles .
After all , we use it for development ourselves .
Spins
Spins are more specialized versions of Fedora that allow you to run programs that suit your interests .
For example :
The Moblin Spin features calendaring and social media interfaces for mobile devices .
Got a netbook ?
Try the Moblin™ spin , a version of Fedora featuring the Moblin Core architecture .
Everything from application choice to screen resolution has been designed to support multiple platforms and usage models -- ranging from Netbooks and NetTops to Mobile Internet Devices and embedded devices .
Know a curious kid ?
Try the Sugar on a Stick spin !
This spin features the award - winning Sugar Learning Platform originally developed for the One Laptop Per Child project and used every school day by one million children in more than forty countries .
Students can take their stick ( an ordinary USB thumbdrive ) to any machine running any operating system -- at school , at home , at a local library or community center -- and boot their custom Sugar environment without touching any files on the host machine , bringing personalized computing within the reach of any child .
Sugar 's Home View , displaying a few of the Activities designed to reach specific pedagogical goals through play .
The Design Suite 's full - featured graphics workflow will have you drawing and sketching within minutes .
Feeling artistic ?
The Fedora Design Suite was constructed for designers , by designers .
It features the tools the Fedora Design Team uses on a daily basis to create the wallpapers , icons , and interfaces that you see in Fedora .
This spin includes everything from document layouts , to vector and bitmap graphics , to 3D modeling .
If you can dream it , you can create it with this powerful assortment of free and open source artistic tools .
Learning about computer security ?
The Fedora Security Lab is an environment designed by and for computer security professors and professionals .
With applications for everything from security auditing and forensics , to penetration testing and intrusion detection , it 's an ideal tool for the classroom , or for the system administrator who needs to diagnose and rescue broken computers .
The Security Lab provides all the instruments needed to follow a proper test path for security testing or system rescue .
Looking for something else ?
Find more spins at http://spins.fedoraproject.org/ -- there 's a spin for everyone , from education and gaming to science and more !
How to get started
Intrigued ?
Want to give Fedora 13 a try ?
You can visit http://fedoraproject.org/get-fedora to download a LiveCD , regardless of what operating system you 're running .
This will give you a working version of Fedora , complete with common applications , all running off your CD drive - your hard drive wo n't be touched at all .
And when you 're ready , installation is just a click away .
Want an even more enjoyable way to use Fedora , risk - free ?
Try the Live USB option .
You can use the same download to create a bootable USB stick so you can take Fedora with you anywhere you go .
It works great with netbooks without CD drives , too .
Check out the instruction page here :
http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/How_to_create_and_use_Live_USB
And if you 're running Fedora 12 , upgrading is easy .
Refer to our handy documentation for help .
Help make Fedora !
Everyone is welcome to join our community of Fedora contributors - all experience levels welcome .
We 're happy to teach !
Want to join the Fedora community and help us make the best Linux distribution even better ?
Get started at http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Join.
Our diverse community from all over the globe welcomes contributors of all types .
From artists to marketers to coders to testers to writers to translators and more , you too can get involved .
Share what you know or help with something you 've always wanted to learn ; mentors are always available to help you get started .
Any help is appreciated !
We 'd love to hear your thoughts on Fedora 13 .
Have a suggestion ?
Find a bug ?
Start by taking a look at the Common F13 bugs to see if it 's something we know about .
( That page has information on what to do if you do n't find your bug , too . )
Further reading
Want more ?
Here are some further resources on Fedora 13 , or talk with a community member in our live chat 24/7 .
Fedora 13 release announcement ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_13_Announcement)
Fedora Overview ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Overview)
Fedora FAQ ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/FAQ)
Help and Discussions ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Communicate)
Fedora 13 release notes ( http://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/Fedora/13/html/Release_Notes/)
Fedora 13 feature profiles ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/F13_feature_profiles)
Fedora 13 talking points ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_13_Talking_Points)
Common Fedora 13 Bugs ( http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Common_F13_bugs)
In the 3 + years of PSAMP ’s existence , I do n’t think I ’ve ever written a more fun headline .
And really , it tells you everything that you need to know about this bizarre scenario .
Roy Jones Jr. , former champion boxer , played tic tac toe against a chicken at the Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh and won .
I mean , that ’s not really something to be boasting about , especially when the chicken had a chance to win and all .
How ’s the chicken gonna pass up the opportunity to block Jones ’ win and instead go for some random square ?
That ’s just poor form , chicken .
Congrats to Jones on reaching the top of the mountain in another …sport ?
***
If you believe the hype , one of the biggest video games out this year is hitting shelves across the UK this weekend .
Red Dead Redemption is the latest release from video game pioneers Rockstar , the people behind the Grand Theft Auto and Manhunt series .
This new open world game has already topped pre-order charts and follows an ex-outlaw making his way through the American Wild West .
We put some of your questions ( as well as some of our own ) to Lazlow , one of the game 's developers and the radio DJ featured in the GTA games .
Here 's what he had to say .
___________________________________________________________
If you ran into people who insisted on trying to pound nails with a screwdriver no matter how many times they were shown a better way , would n't you think there was something wrong with them ?
What if those people not only used a screwdriver , but demanded that everyone else use a screwdriver instead of a hammer , too ?
Worse yet , what if those people did this for decades on end ?
Well , guess what ?
We have people like that in this country .
They 're called liberals and the screwdriver they 're using to try to fix America 's problems is called big government .
Despite the fact that we have decades of accumulated evidence proving that big government does n't work , liberals just wo n't give up on it .
Now we may not be able to convince the hidebound Left that government does n't work , but there are a lot of other Americans with open minds .
Maybe some of them can be reached by pointing out how life would be if big government actually worked as well as liberals seem to believe it does .
* FedEx and UPS would be out of business because there 'd be no way they could compete with the ruthless efficiency , amazing speed , & dazzling customer service of the post office .
* Our southern and northern borders would be completely secure , the fence on the southern border would be done , and there would n't be enough illegals in the United States to even merit a debate about amnesty .
* Social Security would be fully funded and every dime you contribute would be invested , ready to be withdrawn when the government needs to pay your benefits .
* Something as important as Medicare would n't be a giant " Bernie Madoff style " Ponzi scheme that would merit fraud charges if a private citizen tried to create a similar project .
* When George W. Bush said , " Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job , " people all across the country would have said , " Yeah , he 's right .
He is doing a heck of a good job .
Go , Brownie ! "
* The American people would be clamoring for the billing departments of private companies to match the professionalism , customer service , and competence of the IRS .
* The massive government regulation that was already in place would have prevented the housing crisis that led to the latest recession that affects America -- instead of creating it by demanding that housing loans be given to poor risks .
* A trip to the DMV would be no more of a hassle than stopping by Wal - Mart to pick up some laundry detergent .
* The Soviet Union would have won the Cold War .
* Members of Congress would actually read and understand the bills they sign into law instead of saying things like ,
What good is reading the ( health care ) bill if it's a thousand pages and you do n't have two days and two lawyers to find out what it means after you read the bill ?
-- John Conyers ( D - MI )
* Prominent supporters of big government like Tim Geithner , Charles Rangel , Tom Daschle , and Al Franken would n't have been caught cheating on the taxes required to pay for the huge government programs they advocate .
* It would be as easy to fill out your taxes as it is to apply for a credit card .
* Amtrak would be a cash cow instead of a 40 billion dollar money pit that has never recorded a profit .
* The government would n't have just decided that sending a manned mission to the moon , something we last did way back in 1972 , now and for the foreseeable future is going to be beyond our capabilities .
* Instead of trying to figure out what to do about our massive debt , Americans would be debating whether we want to cut taxes or save all the extra tax dollars we raise in a rainy day fund .
* Government mandated price controls would work and therefore , we would n't have had gas lines during the seventies , California would n't have had blackouts , and rent control in New York would be producing some of the nation 's cheapest housing .
* Having to deal with a government bureaucrat would produce a feeling of cheerful confidence that things are about to start looking up instead of a sense of dread that your afternoon is about to be wasted without getting your problem solved .
* Private schools would n't exist because they simply could n't match the quality education provided by our public schools .
* Rich people would be pulling strings to get into public housing .
* After spending 10 trillion dollars plus fighting the war on poverty , the government would have already won and American society would consist almost entirely of the middle class and the rich .
NFL Betting :
Betting on the NFL is now easier and safer than ever before .
We recommend the top sport books that allow NFL wagering .
They offer the fairest odds , fast payouts , and superior customer service .
Bovada -
On call 24/7 , customer support staff adheres to a strict policy that demands e-mail inquiries are replied to in 15 minutes or less , and that telephone calls are answered on the first ring .
The Bodog Sportsbook is a highly respected , customer - friendly operation that has earned top ratings by all major sportsbook review sites .
It boasts the industry 's most reliable , easy - to - navigate sports betting experience , making it the perfect option for casual and seasoned NFL bettors alike .
Sports Betting.ag -
One of the oldest and finest bookies on the web .
Visit the website to view the NFL odds .
A simple to use interface enables you to see the games , wager on them , and much more .
Up to date News and Statistics allows you to make intelligent , informed betting decisions .
They have special promotions that are running all the time and they are always changing them to keep things fresh and exciting .
If you are new they will welcome you with a huge sign up bonus .
To reward your loyalty they will comp you Great service , fair odds , and some solid software .
The iPad : the world 's most expensive rectangle .
The Guardian wanted me to write a first - impressions review on launch day – but how ?
I could borrow one from an early adopter , but that would n't be the same .
I do n't like poking round other people 's computers .
It 's like snooping through their medicine cabinets : quite quickly you can stumble across something you wish you had n't seen .
I needed a new one , straight out of the packaging .
A new one I could keep .
But this being launch day , iPads were bound to be scarcer than cats ' eggs , right ?
Disappointingly , the Guardian picked one up from the Tottenham Court Road branch of PC World without having to kill anyone .
Typically for Apple , the packaging virtually places the device in your hands with the grace of a well - trained butler .
The iPad itself is surprisingly heavy : about the same as a hardback book .
It gave me mild arm ache almost immediately .
Maybe there 's an app that can tell you how many calories you 're burning just by holding it .
The best solution is to adopt a self - consciously casual crossed - legged sitting position , and prop it up with your thigh .
Fanboys who wet themselves may cause a short circuit .
The display is extremely glossy , so the first thing you 'll see on your screen is a reflection of your face from an unflattering angle .
It also doubles as a fingerprint collector , which means you 'll spend the first hour obsessively wiping it clean on your T - shirt before giving up and ordering an adhesive screen protector from Amazon ( which , if the iPhone equivalents are anything to go by , will be impossible to apply without contemplating suicide at least twice ) .
At this price , Apple – nice , friendly Apply – could at least include a couple of free screen protectors and some kind of carry - case , no ?
Of course not .
You 're required to use iTunes during the setup process , which is like being forced to eat a handful of mud .
iTunes is twice as awful as any software crime Microsoft ever inflicted on the world .
Up popped a progress bar which turned out to be a work of satirical fiction – lodging fast at 7/8ths complete while making random claims about how long it was going to take to finish .
It was impossible to tell if it had crashed or was just being sarcastic .
I was scared to pull the sync cable out– and I 'm a nerd .
So much for Macs being easy to use .
Eventually a nice man from MacFormat magazine saw me moaning about it on Twitter and gave me some personal assistance .
Your experience may differ .
Eventually it was up and running .
And yes , if you 've used an iPhone , it 's a bit of an anticlimax , although toying with it is undeniably pleasant .
The display is supernaturally crisp ; the seamless , intuitive interface becomes second nature almost immediately .
Once you 've got used to the weight , it 's perfect for browsing websites while lounging on the sofa .
I do n't mean that dismissively : it 's quite an achievement – especially since " browsing websites while lounging on the sofa " is what the vast majority of laptops are currently used for .
So websites look great on it .
As does video .
The BBC iPlayer is particularly impressive .
But books ?
Here , I 'm less convinced .
Kindle owners can download a free app which lets them access their books on the iPad ; Apple also has its own rival iBook service .
In both cases the screen looks superb , and swiping a finger across the screen to flip the page gives you an undeniable futuristic thrill .
But the display , luminously gorgeous when replaying video , is simply not suited for reading articles at length .
Yes , you can adjust the brightness , but it 's still firing light into your pupils , unlike an ebook screen , with its poncey " electronic ink " .
I doubt many readers will persevere to the final page of a novel , unless it 's a book in which the lead character squints a lot , in which case you 'll have a certain empathy .
Magazines and newspapers , with their shorter read times , may be a different matter .
The Guardian 's Eyewitness app , a free interactive gallery of recent photojournalism , looks and feels like the future .
If print media really wants to make the transition to devices like these , thinking long and hard about the visual , it needs to think long and hard about the full visual potential .
So do you actually need one ?
Having used one for the past few hours , I can confidently state that you can safely wait until it 's lighter and cheaper .
At the very least , wait until they bring out an app that turns the iPad into a talking Lord Lucan mask which you can hold up in front of your own face and talk through .
If there is n't one already .
An Arizona - like crackdown on illegal immigration in Maryland ?
The writing ’s on the wall .
Maryland Delegate Pat McDonough , a Republican , said Friday he will introduce legislation next year that will mirror Arizona ’s law .
Under Arizona 's law , police officers are required to stop and question anyone they suspect is in the country illegally .
McDonugh agrees with Arizona officials that such laws are needed to strengthen the border , keep criminals out and save jobs .
McDonugh agrees with Arizona officials that such laws are needed to strengthen the border , keep criminals out and save jobs .
He added that states have to be able to enforce immigration laws because the federal government is n’t doing the job .
At least half a dozen other states are calling for a hard - line approach to immigration reform .
Opponents believe the Arizona measure -- signed by the governor last week -- is discriminatory and will lead to racial profiling .
They 're also worried that other states will follow Arizona 's lead and pass a similar measure .
Most of the business in Australia using the 3pl warehouse Sydney say that they get all the support they need because these warehousing services are up to date and well - 0 mamaged so that the business which are using these kind of services always have an upper hand in managing online order without facing any type of issues .
In fact the majority of the reliable and quality service providers offer related warehouse services which retail business have to work out and when supported by a quality service provider they get all kinds of help in a managed way to boost their growth .
The associated services in every automated warehouse management plans include pick and pack procedures and inventory management for faster and secured order fulfilment .
In estore logistics the companies that hire such service providers will always get lots of help and support that is otherwise not possible when companies try to manage their own staff .
For those who may not find it easy to get a quality service they may get into a lot of trouble and most common troubles that are there for them are :
The warehouse will not be managed as per the needs and demands of the company and the customers who are expected to order from the e-store .
In addition to that with poor inventory management and loss of precise control over the various aspects and details regarding the products the customers may have to experience delays when things get out of stock due to poor management of thee inventory .
In such cases the reliability and trustworthiness of the companies are affected .
If the warehouse is not managed and has no supported services for picking , packing and order fulfilment options it is always important to admit that you will not be getting any sort of support for your online orders because everything may turn out to be problematic that affects the business in a negative way .
Sarah Palin makes $ 100,000 per speaking engagement .
New York Magazine 's media reporter Gabriel Sherman goes inside Sarah Palin's $ 12 million a year empire in this week 's issue .
Here 's some of the math on Palin 's various projects :
$ 1 million / year - 3 - year contract with Fox News as a contributor .
- 3 - year contract with Fox News as a contributor .
$ 7 million book deal with HarperCollins - Her memoir , Going Rogue , sold more than 2.2 million copies so far .
She is planning a second book .
- Her memoir , Going Rogue , sold more than 2.2 million copies so far .
She is planning a second book .
$ 2 million for her TLC 's show - She is getting $ 250,000 for each episode and TLC bought eight of them .
- She is getting $ 250,000 for each episode and TLC bought eight of them .
$ 100,000 for speaking engagements - She is on the Colin Powell , George W. Bush , and Rudy Giuliani level , pay - wise .
- She is on the Colin Powell , George W. Bush , and Rudy Giuliani level , pay - wise .
$ 100,000 for the tea-party event , including $ 18,000 for private - jet travel .
Just like Glenn Beck and other Fox News personalities , Palin uses her media ( and political ) presence to siphon off additional projects .
Hmm , sounds familiar .
From New York : During the campaign , people said she could be another Oprah , but now , in many ways , she ’s bigger than Oprah , an empath for people who feel , rightly or wrongly , that America has forgotten them .
“ People are drawn to her , ” says Fox News programming chief Bill Shine .
“ People look at her and say , ‘ She has a bunch of the same troubles I do , there ’s a mom who ’s there changing diapers . ’ ”
Read more at New York >
May 30 , 2010
An international children 's rights charity has said it has evidence that Palestinian children held in Israeli custody have been subjected to sexual abuse in an effort to extract confessions from them .
The Geneva - based Defence for Children International ( DCI ) has collected 100 sworn affadavits from Palestinian children who said they were mistreated by their Israeli captors .
Fourteen of the statements say they were sexually abused or threatened with sexual assault to pressure them into confessions .
Al Jazeera 's Nour Odeh met with one of the children , identified only as N , who says he suffered sexual abuse at the hands of his interrogators .
Dismissive Israelis
DCI officials say that when they complain to the Israeli military about the treatment of the children , their allegations are dismissed as untrue .
Now the organisation has submitted its evidence to the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture to try and increase pressure on Israel to stamp out the alleged abuse .
According to our correspondent , Israel has two sets of laws : one for its citizens and another for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza .
All Palestinians , minors and adults , are tried in military courts .
Children between the ages of 12 and 16 are tried in Israeli military courts as children .
From 16 years onwards , Palestinians are tried as adults .
Harsh detention
Human rights groups have criticised Israel 's detention policy with regards to children , which denies them access to their families or lawyers during the detention process .
Palestinian children arrested by Israel are not permitted to see their lawyers until they are in court .
There are currently 340 Palestinian children in Israeli jails , mostly convicted of throwing stones .
An Israeli military order stipulates that stone throwing carries a maximum jail sentence of 20 years , and there is no appeals process for decisions by Israeli military courts .
Al Jazeera put the allegations to the Israeli military , who refused to comment unless they were provided with more information about individual cases .
What sets us apart …
Multi-Platform Support
Our integrated services and software are designed and optimized to seamlessly integrate your social media marketing efforts across all devices ( smartphones , tablets , desktops ) and all the major social media platforms including Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Pinterest and LinkedIn .
Experienced Social Media Managers
Our managed service handles everything so you can focus on your business with the assurance that your social media is in good hands .
We assign a specialist to watch over your program to ensure that your brand stays consistent and relevant in quality , tone , and focus .
We monitor and respond to your audience in real - time , so that when your customers want answers they get them !
Learn More
Custom Social Media Content
Our professional writers create custom content that engages users and drives sales .
From custom written posts on Facebook and Twitter to unique sharing graphics on Instagram and Pinterest , we create it so you do n’t have too .
We start by researching your brand and audience , and from there we build storylines that resonate with your audience and project your brand .
Learn More
Hyper-targeted Digital Advertising
Our advertising services leverage advertising platforms on Google , Facebook , Twitter and LinkedIn to expand audiences , build social communities , drive traffic and generate sales .
Whether your customers are around the world or around the corner we can reach your customers , generate leads and drive sales .
Learn More
Powerful Technology Manage every aspect of your social media presence with our comprehensive Social Media Management Software .
Easily schedule updates across multiple networks with our uploading tool .
Monitor conversations , send replies , track brand mentions and even quickly create compelling content using our powerful tools .
Learn More
Not sure what your social media marketing needs are ?
Click the button to learn how we can help you grow your business .
Request Consult
BEIJING — Gao Zhisheng , a prominent human rights lawyer whose 13 - month disappearance at the hands of Chinese security agents stirred an international outcry until he resurfaced in March , has again vanished , his friends said Friday .
Associates said Mr. Gao failed to return to a Beijing apartment on April 20 after spending more than a week in Urumqi , the capital of the Xinjiang region in western China , where he had been visiting his father - in - law .
Mr. Gao telephoned his father - in - law as his plane left Urumqi , saying he would call upon his arrival in Beijing , they said .
That appeared to be his last contact with the outside world .
Li Heping , another Beijing human rights lawyer and a close friend , said he had visited Mr. Gao ’s apartment repeatedly , but had not found him .
“ No one had been there for a while , ” said Mr. Li , who last went to the apartment on Thursday .
“ I have no idea who to call , or who has taken him . ”
Others said they were sure that the government had again removed him from public view and that the authorities ’ earlier decision to allow him to resurface briefly had been a ploy to try to demonstrate to the outside world that he had not been mistreated .
A major pipe bringing water to the Boston area has sprung a " catastrophic " leak and is dumping eight million gallons of water per hour into the Charles River .
Governor Deval Patrick declared a state of emergency and issued a " boil - water " order for Boston and dozens of other communities .
" The water is not suitable for drinking .
...
All residents in impacted communities should boil drinking water before consuming it , " he said at a news conference this afternoon .
Patrick said the state had asked bottled water companies to make more water available in the state and emergency drinking water supplies could also be made available to the affected communities through the National Guard .
" I ask everyone to check in on elderly or vulnerable neighbors , " he said , and he asked people to avoid " unnecessary use of water , such as washing cars and lawnwatering .
" The break is in a 10 - foot - diameter pipe on Recreation Road in Weston , the authority said in a statement .
" That is a catastrophic break and we are currently activating the reserves , " said MWRA spokeswoman Ria Convery .
MWRA officials said just over a million people would be affected in 31 cities and towns .
People flocked to stores to buy bottled water when they hear the news .
In Lexington , an hourlong run on water cleared a supermarket 's shelves .
In Boston , restaurateurs declared the boil order a major inconvenience and police planned to fan out with bullhorns to some neighborhoods to notify people of the order .
The failed tunnel connects the MetroWest Tunnel to the much older City Tunnel , as water flows east through the suburbs from reservoirs in central Massachusetts towards Boston , officials said .
MWRA Executive Director Fred Laskey said the leak began between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. today and the pipe continued to break until it failed " catastrophically .
"
The " good news " is that " we continue to maintain the flow for firefighting " and for toilets and other non-drinking purposes , said Laskey , who joined Patrick at a news conference at the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency headquarters in Framingham .
Because of turbidity it is impossible to see down to the leak and contractors and engineers have to wait until the tunnel drains – hopefully by tomorrow – until they can figure out what went wrong , Laskey said .
In a case of what a grim Laskey called “ Murphy ’s Law ” , a system that would have protected against this catastrophic failure is under construction .
A far older aqueduct built in the 1940s – the Hultman - that carried water on the last leg of its journey to Greater Boston – was so riddled with leaks MWRA officials built the MetroWest Tunnel seven years ago .
The Hultman was then shut off to repair the leaks and a series of connector pipes were built – much like the one that failed – to ensure clean water gets to the City Tunnel and then to faucets .
Now , Laskey said , " we thought we could rely on this connector during that rehabilitation .
It is Murphy ’s Law .
" The City Tunnel carries an average of nearly 179 million gallons per day towards the city , officials said .
Convery , the MWRA spokeswoman , said that a backup system would be used , which would pull water from the Chestnut Hill Reservoir and Spot Pond Reservoir , as well as an alternate aqueduct , the Sudbury Aqueduct .
But she said the water that flows from the system would need to be boiled .
Communities as far north as Wilmington and as far south as Stoughton would be affected .
Water gushed out from the ground at the MWRA facility on Recreation Road near Interstate 95 in Weston this afternoon and flowed rapidly downhill into the Charles River .
Crews stood by , waiting for the water to be shut off , as a crowd of reporters watched .
Laskey said he could not speculate how long the leak would take to fix .
However , if a temporary patch to the steel pipe does not work , a new custom - made piece of pipe may have to be created .
“ I do n’t really want to speculate , ’’ Laskey said at the scene in a phone interview .
“ We gotta get there to know .
” The state Department of Conservation and Recreation said the millions of gallons pouring into the Charles would not be a problem , even as the river ’s elevation has risen .
“ Our dams can handle this , ’’ said spokeswoman Wendy Fox .
Tom Lindberg , an MWRA spokesman , said no homes or properties in the immediate area were affected by the rushing water .
The MWRA system provides water to a total 48 communities , according to the authority 's website .
The water comes from the Quabbin Reservoir , 65 miles west of Boston , and the Wachusett Reservoir , 35 miles west of Boston , and flows through aqueducts east into the Boston area .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The writer made aliya in 2006 and has an MA in social work from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev .
I have heard the story before .
We have all heard it before .
Every year , twice a year in the Diaspora , we not only tell the story of our ancestors ’
Exodus from Egypt , but are commanded to relate to it personally : “ I was a slave in Egypt , and God set me free .
” Three years ago , I had behind me 23 years of hearing the story , of telling the story , of watching the movie versions , of studying it in school , of listening to sermons and yet , I had never felt enslaved and never thought too deeply about what it meant to be free .
Three years ago , I also met Yusef – a charismatic , 30 - year - old Darfuri refugee .
After fleeing genocide in his homeland , he spent years of uncertainty and violence in Egypt , and then escaped across the porous border into Israel .
In Israel he was imprisoned for over a year and then sent to live on Kibbutz Sde Boker , under similar conditions to house arrest , with a group of seven other Darfuri asylum seekers .
A social work student at Ben-Gurion University at the time , I had volunteered to visit the refugees and assist in any way that I could .
After a couple of months on the kibbutz , the refugees experienced their first Pessah .
Yusef laughed when he heard that it took our ancestors 40 years to get from Egypt to Israel , as he had walked from Egypt to Israel in just three days .
When I asked him how he was enjoying the holiday , he told me that it gave him hope .
Hope ?
Yusef explained : “ I think it is very good that people here remember their history and tell the story from the past ; that even though it ’s good for them now , and they have a country of their own , they remember all the suffering and hardships their ancestors went through .
“ They do n’t forget .
That ’s very important .
This gives me hope .
Because my whole family died and the situation back home is very bad .
“ However , being here [ in Israel ] and learning about Jewish history made me realize that sometimes you need to suffer in order for something good to happen .
So maybe , in the future , it will be better .
And maybe , people wo n’t forget .
“ I am writing my story so that people will know .
I think that maybe in the future it will be okay .
I hope our people will also remember and be able to tell our story year after year in freedom .
” I did n’t mention that it took 2,000 years for the Jews to get their homeland .
I was , however , blown away by Yusef ’s insight .
Jews around the world have been telling the same story of Pessah – of slavery , Exodus and freedom – every year for centuries .
Yet how many of us have really stepped back and appreciated just how fantastic it is that we are commanded to feel like our ancestors did , as slaves who have been set free , year after year , generation after generation , in the Diaspora and in Israel .
For me , it was Yusef – who fled from the Egyptians in order to seek asylum in Israel – that made me think about freedom during future Seders .
Several months later , Yusef attained refugee status in Israel .
He is one of the luckier asylum seekers , one of nearly 500 refugees from Darfur who received an A5 visa , allowing him to legally work and live where he chooses .
The visa must be renewed annually , until he can safely return to his country .
Yusef chose to move from the kibbutz to Tel Aviv .
TWO YEARS ago , Ben-Gurion University Hillel organized a Lag Ba’omer party in Beduin - style tents near Beersheba .
I invited Yusef and his friends to come and perform their traditional music and dance .
On the bus ride down from Tel Aviv , Yusef told me about their music :
How the women would say “ ssssss ” to give them energy to continue jumping .
How if there was a war the women would gather in a circle and say “ ssssss ” to give them motivation to dance and continue the fighting .
He explained that they came from the Massalid tribe in Darfur .
It said Massalid , in English letters , on their drum .
They had made the drum the traditional way , from goat ’s leather dried in the sun , aluminum and other materials .
They had then painted on white and blue stripes and the Star of David .
“ We painted Israel ’s flag because we love Israel , ” Yusef said .
I asked him what one of the songs meant .
“ The song is about how we have to fight back .
How even when they come and burn our village , we must not run away .
We must not give them our village .
We must stand strong even if they come to kill us .
We must stay strong .
” “ Wow . ”
The pretty song now sounded tragic .
The group of about 10 performers had made costumes to dance in .
I asked them what the symbol on their shirts was .
“ The stick we use to kill animals .
We throw it , and it kills the animal .
” “ What type of animals ? ” “ Giraffe . ” “ You eat giraffes ? ” “ No .
Just for leather .
” “ Why do n’t you eat it ? ” “ I do n’t know .
We just do n’t .
” At that point , one of the young Darfuri men got up and spoke before the audience .
Yusef provided the following translation :
“ He said that we all need to jump with a lot of energy .
That all the Jews have helped us also in Darfur and now here in Israel .
And that you helped us when we were in jail and now in Tel Aviv .
And you want to see our culture so we are thankful for the opportunity to play for you and for the nice bus you sent for us , so we need to give everything to the dance .
We must jump high and sing strong because of everything you have done to help us .
” I was speechless .
I did not think that I did so much .
In fact , most ofthe time I feel like I do not do enough .
There are approximately 18,000 asylum seekers in Israel – most of them from African countries .
Thegovernment has sent several dozen back to Egypt ( often resulting intheir death , imprisonment or persecution ) , imprisoned hundreds of men , women and children and left thousands in a situation where they cannotlegally work and whose lives are in limbo .
There is a story inthe Talmud about a Jew who freed his slave and gave him gold and money .
That Jew was exempted from the commandment to hear the Exodus storybecause he already understood its essence .
Reading from the Haggadalast week , Yusef ’s exodus experience echoed in my mind .
I only hopethat I have opened my ears enough to hear its meaning and my heart todo something about it .
Enlarge By Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Lufthansa unveils its first Airbus A380 at Frankfurt International Airport last week .
The first three routes its A380s will fly will be from Frankfurt to Tokyo , Beijing and Johannesburg .
A Transportation Security Administration program to screen passengers at airports based on their behavior missed at least 16 people later linked to terror plots , according to a government report released last week .
The program — dubbed Screening of Passengers by Observation Techniques — began testing in October 2003 to identify those who pose a risk to aviation security by focusing on behavior and appearance .
But the program was introduced without valid " scientific basis " and still faces operational challenges , says the report by the Government Accountability Office .
" A scientific consensus does not exist on whether behavior - detection principles can be reliably used for counterterrorism purposes , " the report says .
The program employs 3,000 officers at 161 airports nationwide and costs $ 212 million annually .
It 's requesting $ 20 million more for 2011 .
" TSA strongly believes that behavior detection is a vital layer in its aviation security strategy , " wrote Jerald Levine , director of the Homeland Security Department 's GAO liaison office , in a response .
The report says TSA is failing to fully use " the resources it has available to systematically collect and analyze the information obtained by ( officers ) on passengers who may pose a threat . "
For example , the TSA generally does not check all law enforcement and intelligence databases available to identify persons referred by officers .
Using these resources would help TSA better " connect the dots , " the report concludes .
The GAO recommends that independent experts review TSA 's methodology to ensure " a rigorous , scientific validation " of the program .
• The airport gun bill controversy in Georgia has now gone federal .
Worried that a recent Georgia bill that allows guns at Atlanta Hartsfield may spread to other states , Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D - N.J. , introduced legislation last week that would tighten federal oversight of firearms at airports .
The bill in Georgia , which has been approved by the state Legislature and is awaiting Gov. Sonny Perdue 's signature , permits the carrying of firearms in parts of the airport that are not controlled by the federal government , including ticket counters and baggage claim areas .
Lautenberg 's Firearm - Free Airports
Act calls for banning individuals from carrying firearms into U.S. commercial airports .
" In the post - 9/11 world , it simply defies common sense that it would be legal to carry a gun into an airport , " Lautenberg says .
Lautenberg 's measure would make an exception for law enforcement , security personnel and military personnel on active duty .
Passengers would still be allowed to check unloaded firearms in a locked case in their luggage .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has also questioned Georgia 's bill .
Allowing guns at airports is " very worrisome , " he testified at a congressional hearing earlier this month .
• Car rental customers at Chicago O'Hare will soon likely be paying more .
Mayor Richard Daley and airport officials are proposing a new " customer facility charge " of $ 6 to $ 8 per transaction to finance a consolidated rental car garage .
The facility , whose cost has been estimated at $ 393 million , would house all rental companies under one roof , eliminating the need for multiple fleets of shuttles .
City officials hope to open the facility in 2013 .
Car rental customers at O'Hare currently pay $ 2.75 per transaction and an 8 % tax .
• Average domestic airfares in the fourth quarter of 2009 fell 7.4 % from a year - earlier period to $ 319 , says the Department of Transportation 's Bureau of Transportation Statistics .
It was the largest year - to - year decline since 2001 .
Huntsville , Ala. , had the highest average fares in the fourth quarter , at $ 492 .
Atlantic City had the lowest , at $ 190 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed
Morocco to Solar - Power Nearly Half its Kingdom
April 4th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
And why not .
The North African desert kingdom gets over 3,000 yearly hours of solid reliable sun power – every year .
Nine centuries of sun have beaten down on the Kingdom of Morocco since this gate was built .
[ social_buttons ]
Morocco will invest $ 9 billion upfront to build 2 Gigawatts of solar power , distributed between 5 solar power plants , by 2020 .
The 2 GW ( 2,000 Megawatts ) is enough to supply 40 % of the nation ’s electricity to 32 million souls , who apparently have fairly modest energy needs .
For example , 32 million Californians added 3,000 Megawatts last year – mostly of wind power .
However , that provided a much tinier fraction of our usage .
The five plants are to be built sequentially , with the first one starting up in 2015 , saving money right away , by beginning to cut Moroccan dependence on foreign oil and gas imports from nearby neighbors .
Refreshingly unlike so many of those in more oil - corrupted nations that do the bidding of the fossil lobby , Moroccan parliamentary spokesmen and women appear to not only genuinely want “ to leave green footprints in the sands of time ” but even more incredibly , to be able to muster the voting majority in the kingdom ’s bicameral parliament to make it happen .
Maybe they do n’t have Fox News there .
Morocco ’s Finance Minister Salaheddine Mezouar says that the project will send a very clear message about the need to face up to the challenges of climate change , and that this is just the beginning for the nation .
He said , “ Morocco is determined to protect the environment in all its future projects . ”
Energy Minister Amina Benkhadra also appears undaunted .
She promises : “ This is a bold but realistic project .
We will guarantee all the technical and financial resources to make it succeed . ”
The Moroccan government is mobilizing multiple financing sources , and partnering with the World Bank , the European Commission and Desertec to bring about this promise for a future of clean solar power .
If only our own government could be as easily moved to leave green footprints in the sands of time .
Our civilization would survive .
Then maybe one day we would have architecture like this ancient gate that would bear witness to the centuries and centuries of free sun power we could have utilized instead .
Image : Skyscraper City : 12th century gate to Marakesh
Source : AlternativeEnergyNews
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
An Intel executive confirmed yesterday that Intel will add hardware acceleration for Google 's newly opened VP8 / WebM codec to its TV - oriented Atom CE Systems - on - Chips should the new format become widely used .
Intel is currently promoting its Atom CE4100 chip to TV companies for use in " Smart TVs " and set - top boxes , bringing Internet connectivity and streaming media to the TV .
One notable partner is Google , with its new Android - based Google TV platform .
Google TV set - top boxes from Logitech are expected in the fall , and they will be powered by the Atom CE4100 .
The SoC includes hardware - accelerated decoding of a number of video codecs already , along with a GPU , CPU , audio processor , cryptography acceleration , and USB and Ethernet connectivity .
Even without hardware acceleration , software decoding will be fast enough , the company says , to enable the effective use of VP8 .
The benefit of hardware support would be lower power consumption and , potentially , support for decoding multiple streams without over - taxing the CPU .
With a number of embedded processor and GPU vendors already announcing that they will support hardware - accelerated decoding of VP8 video , Intel 's pragmatic decision is unsurprising .
The CE4100 can decode two streams of H.264 , VC - 1 , or MPEG 2 video , or one stream of MPEG 4 Part 2 ( popularized with codecs like DivX and Xvid ) — all chosen because of their substantial market penetration .
Should VP8 achieve any success , adding support is an obvious move .
Few product categories get a second chance to make it big .
Wristwatch calculators , 8 - track tapes , mopeds , unicycles and Polaroid film are never going to be wildly popular again .
But tablets are poised to make the kind of comeback that would make Robert Downey Jr. proud .
PC makers have offered slates and convertible notebooks for nearly a decade , and they 've never caught on .
But now , a new generation of attractively designed and low - priced screens are looking to lure in consumers .
Most of these sleek slabs of glass rely on simplified touch interfaces and will probably work best as content consumption devices :
Something you 'd use for reading , web browsing and watching movies .
The new generation of tablets might just pull it off .
So far , Apple has sold more than 500,000 iPads and it says it ca n’t keep up with the demand , suggesting that computer makers are right to jump on this trend now .
As they do , they 're exploiting the iPad 's weaknesses .
Typing on the iPad is n’t easy and it is an underpowered device for its price tag – the same money could buy you a nice laptop .
Its browser does n't support Adobe Flash , and you can't run software on it unless that software comes from Apple 's App Store .
So if you do n’t want to buy into the Apple hype machine , there are plenty of alternatives .
From Dell to HP , almost every major PC manufacturer is working on a tablet .
And there ’s no dearth of upstarts .
Asian brands and European startups are vying to get their tablets out , too .
Wired looks at some of the most interesting screens that will get into consumers ’ hands this year .
Above :
JooJoo ——
JooJoo ( nee CrunchPad ) , the tablet from the Singapore company Fusion Garage , is an ostensible competitor to the iPad .
It launched on the same weekend as the iPad and is very Apple - esque in its hardware design .
But the JooJoo is far from being a device that could change the future of computing .
With its 12.1 - inch display , JooJoo is a plus - sized monster that is almost a pound heavier than the iPad and offers half the battery life .
It runs a custom operating system based on Linux and supports HD videos and Flash .
But in the days after its release , JooJoo has been buggy with surprising user interface glitches and at times difficult - to - navigate screen .
And without access to apps or the ability to install your own software , JooJoo is a dumb terminal .
It 's good enough to check Facebook , Twitter and read websites , but not much more .
A few hours with the JooJoo and it raises the question :
Do you really need a tablet ?
That 's not the kind of question a tablet maker wants to raise .
Price : $ 500
Availability : Online order through JooJoo ’s website
HP Slate — — –
In the last few weeks , the HP Slate has caught the attention of gadget heads , thanks to teaser videos that have been trickling out about the product .
In terms of looks , the Slate looks like the iPad ’s twin .
It shares the Apple tablet 's sleek profile and large capacitive touchscreen .
Leaked product specs suggest the Slate will have an 8.9 - inch display , 1.6 - GHz Atom processor , Wi-Fi capability , optional 3G access and a pen / digitizer support .
It will run Windows 7 and support Adobe ’s Flash technology .
It is also likely to have a built - in camera , video - recording capability , a USB port and SD card reader – all features pointedly aimed at the iPad , which lacks these features .
A big drawback is likely to be the five hours of battery life that the device promises .
After all , do you really want to worry about keeping yet another gadget charged all the time ?
Price : Rumored pricing of $ 550 or $ 600 depending on 32 GB or 64 GB of storage
Availability : Expected to launch later this year
Dell Tablet — — —
–
Unlike its rival HP , Dell has been bold enough into dip its toes in the mobile phone market and create its own handset .
But can it pull off a tablet too ?
This year , Dell hopes to make a splash with the Mini 5 , a Sony PSP - sized tablet that will have a surprisingly small 5 - inch screen .
That display is only a little bigger than that of an iPhone or a Motorola Droid , but Dell is counting on the fact that people want a compact computing device .
After all , not everyone wants to rush out and buy a new bag just to carry around their tablet .
The Dell Mini 5 , which will be the first tablet from the company , will sport a 5 - megapixel camera on the back , a separate front - facing camera that can be used for video conferencing , a standard 3.5 m m headphone jack , Wi-Fi , 3G connectivity and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 1 - GHz processor .
The Mini 5 will run the latest version of Google ’s Android operating system , version 2.0 or higher .
And instead of the 4:3 aspect ratio of the iPad , Dell ’s tablets will support the 16:9 widescreen ratio , so movie watching should be a better experience .
If you think the 5 - inch is not for you , Dell says it has more .
Dell also has a 7 - inch screen and a 10 - inch screen tablet codenamed ' Streak ' in the works .
The 7 - inch tablet could be available this year , while the iPad - sized 10 - inch device might hit the market next year , says Engadget .
Price : Not known
Availability : Expected this year
WePad — –
Closer to the JooJoo in size than the iPad , the German - designed WePad is a tablet built on Android .
The WePad will have a 11.6 - inch touchscreen , two USB ports , a 1.3 - megapixel camera , Flash support , six - hour battery life and a 1.6 - GHz Atom processor .
( See more specs ( .pdf ) for the device . )
The WePad will support most popular e-book formats , including EPUB , and will even have a magazine reader app .
Neofonie , the company behind the WePad , plans to offer a 3G and a Wi -Fi model .
But American consumers can only lust .
The WePad will be available in Germany and , later , Europe , but not in the United States .
Price : 16 - GB Wi -Fi model to cost around $ 600 ; a 32 - GB 3G version to be around $ 775
Availability : Pre-orders start in Germany April 27 ; shipping expected in July
Google Chromium Tablet — — — — —— —-
“ An e-reader that would function like a computer ” – that ’s Google vision of a tablet .
The search giant is not afraid to get into any new business and the flavor of the season , tablets , seem to have caught Google ’s attention .
According to a report in The New York Times , Google is working on a tablet that would run the Android operating system .
Earlier this year , a Google interface designer created mock - ups that showed a Android tablet at work .
Google 's tablet mock - ups indicate a device that would have icons providing quick access to Facebook , as well as Pandora , Gmail , Google Calendar and other Google apps .
It would support multitouch and the familiar pinch - to - zoom and scrolling gestures .
Google has already launched its own smartphone , the HTC - designed Nexus One .
It ’s not much of a stretch for the company to get into the tablet business next .
Price Unknown
Availability : Unknown
Notion Ink Adam — — — ——
Tablets are not just for big companies with outsize marketing machines .
Or so believes Notion Ink , an Indian startup that ’s never made a hardware product before .
The company is hoping to take on the big guns with its home - brewed design .
Notion Ink has some ambitious plans for the Adam .
If it can pull it off , Adam will be among the first devices to use Pixel Qi ’s displays , which would allow it to switch between a low - power , black - and - white display and a full - color LCD mode with the flick of a button .
The makers also promise a 10 - inch display , a 3 - megapixel camera , an Nvidia Tegra CPU , and a whopping 16 hours of battery life .
It will be just a tad heavier than the iPad , say the creators , and will come with Wi -Fi and 3G access .
Whether Notion Ink can actually pull it off remains to be seen .
After all , making a tablet is n’t easy for a startup .
Just ask JooJoo .
Price : $ 350 to $ 800
Availability : July
Archos 7 Home tablet — — — — ——
–
Archos has been cranking out tablet - style devices for a long time now .
But their tricky interfaces and bulky hardware have never become popular with consumers .
Yet Archos is n’t one to give up .
The company ’s latest tablet , the Archos 7 Home , hopes to ride the Android buzz with a 7 - inch touchscreen .
The tablet will be powered by a 600 - MHz ARM 9 processor , include Wi-Fi capability and have about seven hours of battery life , the company promises .
Archos is also working on another Android tablet with an 8 - inch screen .
But considering its past products , it ’s difficult to get very excited about these devices .
Price : 150 euro , or about $ 200
Availability : Europe in April , North America later this year
ICD ' Gemini ' Tablet — — — —— —-
Ever heard of Innovative Converged Devices , or ICD ?
Neither had we .
But there ’s something about the tablet business that seems to draw in intrepid entrepreneurs .
The Seattle company is creating a line of Android tablets with displays ranging in size from 7 inches to 15 inches that will be distributed through wireless carriers .
ICD ’s Vega tablet , a 15 - inch “ home hub , ” has already found a taker in T - Mobile UK , though the two companies have yet to disclose pricing or launch date .
Now ICD is working on a tablet called Gemini that will have a 11.2 - inch multitouch display .
The Gemini ’s specs could certainly give the iPad a run for its money :
It will have a 1 - GHz Tegra Nvidia chip , a SD card reader , an FM radio , GPS , Wi-Fi , 3G and a 2 - megapixel camera in the front and a 5 - megapixel camera at the back .
Impressive as the specs may be , there ’s more to a tablet than hardware .
There ’s no word on software and user interface for the ICD devices , and few humans have ever set their eyes on this beast .
Price : Unknown
Availability : Unknown
When I attended Wayne State University in Detroit back in the mid-’80s , scattered around downtown Detroit were white pillars that supported … nothing .
They looked as though they were part of a kind of ancient Roman ruin — but these pillars were brand new .
They were the beginnings of Detroit ’s People Mover , a raised monorail that was to take riders to various sites downtown .
It was also derided as then - Mayor Coleman A. Young ’s “ train to nowhere , ” the Motor City ’s poor excuse for a mass transit system .
The pillars stood alone for a few years because funding had run out in the middle of construction .
At the time , these columns appeared to be emblematic of everything that was wrong with Detroit — a half - thought - out idea with no support .
But now more than ever , Detroit needs new ideas , and before they can be thought through and sufficiently supported somebody needs to start tossing them out there .
Which brings me to Xconomy ’s just - ended series in which we asked our Xconomists — some of the nation ’s leading entrepreneurs and innovators — to answer the open - ended question :
“ What are five things that entrepreneurs and innovators in Michigan can do to reinvigorate their regional economy ? ”
Of course , you cannot ask innovators to always color within the lines , so some gave us four things , others six , but all of them were insightful , provocative , even at times humorous .
But I wanted to begin by pointing out what was , unfortunately , not discussed in most cases : downtown Detroit .
It is almost as if there was an unspoken assumption that there is no hope for what is perceived to be a burned - out hulk of ruins resting by the Detroit River , and all efforts at economic revival need to focus on the scattered suburban remains of that impact crater .
The sentiment is understandable .
First of all , many of our Xconomists come from academia , and so might be predisposed to see Ann Arbor and the University of Michigan as the center of the area ’s innovation universe .
Secondly , perceptions of downtown Detroit , particularly among ex-Detroiters , often remain frozen in time during those “ train - to - nowhere ” days .
And , thirdly , overlooking downtown is common even among those who live and work around here .
The business incubators and organizations Ann Arbor SPARK and Oakland County ’s Automation Alley often get larger chunks of state support than their scrappy cousin , TechTown in Detroit .
However , now that TechTown is beginning to crank out entrepreneurs and companies — thanks in large part not to state support but to out - of - state private organizations like the Kauffman Foundation — international media attention is at last focusing on at least one aspect of Detroit that is not all bad .
TechTown programs like FasTrac and incubators like TechTown One and TechTown
Two are deservedly getting attention not because they are any better , or more successful , than other suburban incubators .
But because they are at Ground Zero .
In Detroit .
I think Ann Arbor is a great little college town .
I think there are some wonderful things happening there in the way of translating academic excellence into innovation and entrepreneurship .
Xconomy Detroit is already filled with examples .
But Ann Arbor will never be the center , the economic hub of the region .
…
Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
More than 80 San Francisco police officers have criminal histories or misconduct records that the Police Department withheld and prosecutors did not disclose to defense attorneys in cases in which officers testified , a failure that could put hundreds of felony convictions in jeopardy , The Chronicle has learned .
The potential fallout could be far more severe than that caused by the cocaine - skimming scandal at the San Francisco police drug lab , which prompted prosecutors to dismiss more than 600 narcotics cases , experts say .
" We are not potentially talking about possession of cocaine cases - we are potentially talking about very serious felonies , " said Lael Rubin , a prosecutor with the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office who oversees that county 's disclosure process and leads training seminars on the subject for prosecutors in California .
" Depending on the nature of the failure to disclose ( an officer 's crimes ) and the officer 's role in the particular case , it could result in very serious cases being tossed out and serious offenders being released on the street , " Rubin said .
" This is huge , " said San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi , whose lawyers represent the majority of felony defendants tried in the city .
" It will make the problems at the crime lab look like small potatoes . "
District Attorney Kamala Harris ' spokesman , Brian Buckelew , said prosecutors are doing everything they can to rectify problems in what he described as an " imperfect " process of disclosing officers ' backgrounds to defense lawyers .
Harris did not make herself available to answer questions Monday .
" We are looking forward to getting the information and assessing what it means , " Buckelew said , " and , if necessary , redressing any problems . "
Police Chief George Gascón said he is " obviously concerned " about his department 's failure to disclose the officers ' histories .
" I want to make sure the Police Department adheres to both its ethical and legal obligations , " he said .
Legal obligation
Under the law , prosecutors are responsible for alerting defense attorneys when any witness , including a police officer , has been arrested or convicted for a broad range of crimes , or accused of misconduct for such disciplinary offenses as lying during internal affairs interviews .
Police officers can keep their jobs even if they have been convicted of misdemeanors , but their histories must be disclosed so defense lawyers have the opportunity to discredit their testimony on the basis of their character .
Los Angeles prosecutors were the first in the state , in 2002 , to develop a written policy that sets out how prosecutors alert defense attorneys to arrests and convictions involving officers and civilian police experts testifying in criminal cases .
They also keep files on certain police disciplinary cases .
Many other counties have since adopted such policies , but San Francisco has not , preferring to rely on police to volunteer information .
Madden case
That has already proved problematic in the case of Deborah Madden , the retired civilian technician at the police crime lab suspected of skimming narcotics evidence .
Madden was convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence in 2008 and went on to testify in an unknown number of criminal trials .
Harris ' office never ran a check on her record and did not tell defense attorneys about her conviction , and several lawyers whose clients were found guilty are now seeking to have those cases overturned .
Harris ' office has said it was the Police Department 's job to pass along its employees ' criminal histories , although the legal onus is on district attorneys to check with police and inform defendants .
San Francisco prosecutors conceded they never asked police for the information .
Federal prosecutors did ask the Police Department about Madden as part of a drug - racketeering murder case last year , according to U.S. Attorney Joseph Russoniello , but the department did not tell them about her criminal record .
Problem comes to light
In mid-April , Judge Anne- Christine Massullo confronted Harris ' prosecutors on the Madden issue and asked if the office had a written policy .
Chief Assistant District Attorney Russ Giuntini then wrote a letter to Gascón saying a Police Department lawyer had revealed April 6 that there were more than 30 officers with criminal histories that would have to be disclosed .
In the letter , which The Chronicle obtained under the state Public Records Act , Giuntini asked the department to provide details .
A subsequent , more comprehensive police review has so far turned up roughly 80 officers whose records could be used as fodder by defense attorneys , sources close to the matter said .
The officers ' names have not been released .
Harris ' office has yet to receive a complete list , so prosecutors have no idea how many of the officers have testified against people who eventually were convicted .
Adachi , however , pointed out that officers routinely testify in any cases in which they have arrested the defendant .
" We wo n't know until we can actually look at convictions of these officers , " he said , but he believed at minimum , hundreds of cases could be open to question .
" It is the district attorney 's job to check the criminal history of every witness , and they obviously did n't do that , " Adachi said .
" Every San Franciscan should be outraged here . "
Court precedents
Prosecutors ' obligation to turn over officers ' criminal histories does not end with a trial .
One conviction that was reversed on appeal involved a California Highway Patrol officer who testified in a Southern California drunken driving accident case in 1990 .
The CHP investigator was disciplined a year after the trial for using incorrect speed - calculation formulas in several other accident cases .
The appellate court overturned the defendant 's drunken driving conviction , finding that even when disciplinary action follows a trial , prosecutors had the duty to disclose facts that would cast doubt on a witness ' reliability .
Clifford Gardner , an adjunct faculty member of UC Berkeley 's Boalt Hall law school who specializes in appeals , said courts have been receptive to overturning convictions under a 1963 U.S. Supreme Court decision involving disclosure of witnesses ' pasts , Brady vs. Maryland .
" If the witness is important and the evidence impeaches the witness , " Gardner said , " Brady usually is going to require reversal . "
What happens now
Giuntini's letter to police is the first step in the process that would enable Harris ' office to compile a database of officers with arrests , convictions or other problems , then cross-reference with court records in which the officers have been witnesses .
Then , prosecutors would alert defense attorneys in those cases .
" We 've implemented a uniform Brady program internal to the ( district attorney 's ) office , " spokesman Buckelew said , " that identifies , centralizes and ultimately disseminates , in appropriate cases , Brady information . "
The head of the police officers union , Gary Delagnes , said he is in talks with Gascón to develop a policy of what must be disclosed to defense attorneys .
" We 'll be part of the solution , " Delagnes said .
Rubin , who oversees such an effort for the Los Angeles district attorney , said police cooperation is key to making the system work .
" We get the cooperation of law enforcement - they get it , " Rubin said .
" They do n't want cases thrown out because of the failure to turn over necessary information . "
Buckelew said the district attorney 's internal review is going on even as Harris ' office awaits notification from the Police Department on officers who had problems that should have been disclosed .
He said the way San Francisco has been doing it , although similar to the system used in " numerous other counties in California , " is inadequate .
" There simply has to be a more formalized mechanism of identification and notification , " Buckelew said .
" It 's too important . "
Some of the results in this new article by Zeljka Buturovic and Dan Klein in Econ Journal Watch ( a peer - reviewed journal of economics ) are startling :
67 % of self - described Progressives believe that restrictions on housing development ( i.e. , regulations that reduce the supply of housing ) do not make housing less affordable .
51 % believe that mandatory licensing of professionals ( i.e. , reducing the supply of professionals ) does n’t increase the cost of professional services .
Perhaps most amazing , 79 % of self - described Progressive believe that rent control ( i.e. , price controls ) does not lead to housing shortages .
Note that the questions here are not whether the benefits of these policies might outweigh the costs , but the basic economic effects of these policies .
Those identifying as “ libertarian ” and “ very conservative ” were the most knowledgeable about basic economics .
Those identifying as “ Progressive ” and “ Liberal ” were the worst .
It would be hard to find a set of propositions that would meet with such a degree of consensus among economists to rival these propositions –which boils down to supply restrictions raise prices and price controls create shortages .
These are issues on which economic theory is exceedingly clear , well - confirmed over decades of empirical support , and with a degree of unarguable consensus among trained scholars in the field .
Apparently the existence of a “ consensus ” among trained scholars on certain policy issues is less important on some issues than others .
News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch , seen here in March 2010 , said Tuesday that Google and Microsoft 's access to his newspapers could be limited to a " headline or a sentence or two " once he erects a pay wall around his titles ' websites .
News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch said Tuesday that Google and Microsoft 's access to his newspapers could be limited to a " headline or a sentence or two " once he erects a pay wall around his titles ' websites .
Murdoch , in an interview with journalist Marvin Kalb for The Kalb Report , also said he believed most US newspapers would eventually end up charging readers online , like he does with The Wall Street Journal and plans to do with his other properties beginning with The Times of London .
" You 'll find , I think , most newspapers in this country are going to be putting up a pay wall , " he said .
" Now how high does it go , does it allow ( visitors ) to have the first couple paragraphs or certain feature articles , we 'll see .
" We 're experimenting with it ourselves , " he said .
The News Corp. chief said " we 're going to stop people like Google and Microsoft and whoever from taking our stories for nothing . "
Search advertising had produced a " river of gold " for Google , he said , " but those words are being taken mostly from the newspapers .
And I think they ought to stop it , the newspapers ought to stand up and make them do their own reporting or whatever . "
Murdoch said he did not expect search engines would pay for access to newspapers .
" We 'll be very happy if they just publish our headline or a sentence or two and that 's followed by a subscription form , " he said .
Murdoch dismissed concerns that readers used to getting news on the Internet for free would be reluctant to pay .
" I think when they 've got nowhere else to go they 'll start paying , " he said .
Murdoch was also asked about the rivalry between The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , which has announced plans to launch an expanded New York edition later this month .
" I 've got great respect for the Times , except it does have very clearly an agenda , " he said .
" You can see it in the way they choose their stories , what they put on Page One -- anything ( President Barack ) Obama wants .
" And the White House pays off by feeding them stories , " he said .
Murdoch also said he reads The Wall Street Journal and the New York Post each day " because I 'm going to be responsible for them . "
He said he reads " a lot " of the New York Times , " but rarely reads The Washington Post although he " probably should . "
Murdoch also praised the Apple iPad calling the newly released tablet computer a " glimpse of the future . "
He predicted the iPad would have eight or nine competitors in the next 12 months and said the devices could save newspapers .
" There 's going to be tens of millions of these things sold all over the world , " he said .
" It may be the saving of newspapers because you do n't have the costs of paper , ink , printing , trucks .
" I 'm old , I like the tactile experience of the newspaper , " he said , but " if you have less newspapers and more of these that 's ok . "
" It does n't destroy the traditional newspaper , it just comes in a different form , " he said .
Explore further Future of newspapers is digital : Murdoch
( c ) 2010 AFP
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
Researchers are trying to harness key chemicals like lycopene in tomatoes Eating more fruit and vegetables has only a modest effect on protecting against cancer , a study into the link between diet and disease has found .
The study of 500,000 Europeans joins a growing body of evidence undermining the high hopes that pushing " five - a - day " might slash Western cancer rates .
The international team of researchers estimates only around 2.5 % of cancers could be averted by increasing intake .
But experts stress eating fruit and vegetables is still key to good health .
In 1990 , the World Health Organization recommended that everyone consume at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day to prevent cancer and other chronic diseases .
The advice has formed a central plank of public health campaigns in many developed countries .
It has been promoted in the UK since 2003 and in the US for nearly two decades .
But research has failed to substantiate the suggestion that as many as 50 % of cancers could be prevented by boosting the public 's consumption of fruit and vegetables .
It 's still a good idea to eat your five - a- day but remember that fruits and vegetables are pieces in a much larger lifestyle jigsaw
Yinka Ebo
Cancer Research UK
This latest study , which analysed recruits from 10 countries to the highly - regarded European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition , confirms that the association between fruit and vegetable intake and reduced cancer risk is indeed weak .
The team , led by researchers from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine , in New York , took into account lifestyle factors such as smoking and exercise when drawing their conclusions .
But writing in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute , they said they could not rule out that even the small reduction in cancer risk seen was down to the fact that the kind of people who ate more fruit and vegetables lived healthier lives in many other respects too .
Broccoli not biscuits
In the best case scenario , an extra two portions of fruit and vegetables each day could prevent 2.6 % of cancers in men and 2.3 % of cases in women , the study concluded .
Research should focus more sharply on specific fruits and vegetables and their constituents
Walter Willett
Harvard School of Public Health Vegetables , which tend to be richer in nutrients , appeared to be more beneficial than fruits , while heavy drinkers seemed to gain the most from a higher intake of both when it came to protection from cancers caused by alcohol and smoking .
In an accompanying editorial , Professor Walter Willet of Harvard University said the research strongly confirmed the findings of other studies , showing " that any association of intake and fruits and vegetables with risk of cancer is weak at best " .
But he stressed specific substances contained in certain fruit and vegetables , if harnessed , could still have an important , protective effect .
Substantial evidence suggests lycopene from tomatoes , for instance , may reduce the risk of prostate cancer , while chemicals in broccoli are thought to stimulate a gene which protects against bowel cancer .
And data still suggests fruit and vegetables may provide protection against cardiovascular disease , one of the major killers in the developed world - although this too has yet to be proven categorically .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Keeping lean
But while the links between diet and cancer remain unclear , obesity is now seen as an established risk factor .
Fruit and vegetables could therefore be beneficial just by virtue of taking the place of more calorific fare , health experts say .
In any event , a reduced risk of 2.5 % should not be dismissed out of hand , the World Cancer Research Fund argues .
" For the UK , this works out as about 7,000 cases a year , which is a significant number , " says Dr Rachel Thompson from the charity , which in a major 1997 report said there was " convincing evidence " of the protective effect of fruit and vegetables .
Yinka Ebo of Cancer Research UK said : " It 's still a good idea to eat your five - a - day but remember that fruits and vegetables are pieces in a much larger lifestyle jigsaw .
" There are many things we can do to lower our chances of developing cancer such as not smoking , keeping a healthy weight , cutting down on alcohol , eating a healthy balanced diet , being physically active and staying safe in the sun . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Well , coding officially starts on May 24 , now is time supposed to read documentation , know your mentor(s ) and discuss the project ideas , needs , requirements , difficulties , etc. but as many other GSoCers I could n’t resist to code something .
My goal for the last week was to write a very simple Qt application showing the power of Grantlee .
The idea was to simulate that I am reading a message in Kmail and I want to change the theme again and again .
You can take a look at the code in the soc-pim branch or :
svn co svn://anonsvn.kde.org/home/kde/branches/work/soc-pim/kdepim/examples/mail_grantlee/
Of course , you need to install Grantlee , before compiling the example :
git clone git://gitorious.org/grantlee/grantlee.git
cd grantlee
git checkout -b 0.1 origin/0.1
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make && make install
Here some Kmail themes .
I ’m not an artist , so do n’t expect too much , but I know some CSS and started creating the themes just for the example .
Do n’t worry .
Surely in the future there will be themes for everyone .
BTW , before continue , what is Grantlee ?.
I talked about it in my GSoC proposal and Stephen has written a lot in his blog , but in case you have n’t read , here we go :
Grantlee is a Qt string template engine based on the Django template system .
Django is a powerful Python framework that makes it easier to create web apps .
In general , what Grantlee does is that it allows an application separate logic from presentation .
There are many benefits of doing this :
Flexibility , clean code style ( readability ) , consistency and beauty .
Developers concentrate on the technical aspects of the application ( logic , performance , … ) and artists work on the templates ( HTML , CSS ) and they both do n’t need to touch each other ’s code .
This separation allows the application to be built and tested independent of the visual presentation .
So , What would be the role of Grantlee in KDEPIM ?
Let us see what is the job for the moment .
The MessageViewer is the library responsible for the header styling in some KDE PIM applications .
If you browse the headerStyle class code , will see that there is HTML stuff everywhere .
That makes hard , for both developer and artist , to change the way information is displayed .
That problem should be solved by integrating Grantlee with the MessageViewer and my task for now is to extract the presentation stuff , set up the Grantlee code and load the templates .
Of course the job is not only to load templates , I have in my mind all what can we achieve with this integration and believe me there is a lot to do .
Grantlee has many cool features for theming , the API documentation is good and I will continue studying the capabilities during this community bounding period .
Well , it is very difficult to blog about all the Grantlee features in a post , but in case you are interested , you can have a quick overview of it here :
Grantlee for application developers .
Grantlee for theme artists .
Of course , I will be posting my grantlee adventures with KDEPIM week by week .
For example , this week I found a useful feature :
The ‘ safe filter ’ .
Imagine a mail message come with HTML content or special characters .
We should render that message correctly in the template otherwise the content will look horrible .
The safe filter autoescapes a variable in case it has already been escaped .
Just do :
{{ message |safe }}
That means , if a message comes with " Kmail & CO " , that content will be rendered :
“ Kmail & Co ”
Filters affect the way variables are shown in a template .
Grantlee comes with some default filters similar to Django like :
{{ variable |upper }} or {{ variable|cut : ” something ” }} to cut a string from the variable .
There are more filters and you can also create your own ones .
For the developer side , the fun thing is that you do n’t need to rebuild your application if there is a change in the template .
For artists , the template syntax is really clear , very human readable .
I already started hacking a little on the headerStyle , but still I have nothing concrete so far to show you in a real world application .
This is just the beginning .
Althought , the MessageViewer code is huge , Thomas has given me good entry points to understand how it works .
The end result will be a MessageViewer without any presentation code and connected to a theme location .
The current default header styles are these :
Brief , Plain , Fancy , Enterprise and Mobile .
Please , if you are a KDE PIM user and want a change or feature on those styles , just tell me what to take into consideration before creating them .
One feature we will provide is a user option to decide which header fields are displayed .
The second part of the GSoC project consists of GHNS integration in PIM applications that will use Grantlee , that way users can create and share their art - work .
In the next weeks , we will be defining a standard package structure for those themes .
I consider theming an important part of the PIM module .
On one side , users usually like to have their collection of beautiful themes , and on the other hand , it is also important for companies or educational institutions to show / export / print their identity ( colors , logos , slogans ) .
In general , I ’m happy understanding better and better how the project has to be carried on and my continuous Qt / KDE learning .
If you have some feedback to provide , it will be well received .
I find the KDE community very friendly , that makes development , communication and the GSoC experience more enjoyable .
Hopefully , my mentors have passed the first week evaluation .
I am really glad they are doing a great job and I am willing to help them with everything I can during the project .
Just kidding , they completely rock , their support and answers have helped me lot .
News about this integration coming soon .
Microgaming is one of the leading software companies that develop and supply online casinos with quality slot games .
This company currently offers more than 400 of the latest and greatest slots .
Microgaming slots are available in various formats , including video and classic slots with multiple paylines .
Games are available as downloads or in flash for instant access .
Casinos powered by Microgaming will introduce new and exciting slots every month , many of which are available for free in flash .
Microgaming is most known for unique and exciting video slot games .
They offer 5 reel games with multiple paylines ranging from 9 to 100 .
Most of the video slots offered include additional features and amazing bonus rounds that can rack up some credits .
Some of the video slot games are linked to progressive jackpots , including Mega Moolah and Major Millions .
These progressive video slots attract a lot of player attention , often offering jackpots that are worth more than $ 1 million .
In addition to these two popular video slots with progressive jackpots , Microgaming has developed 17 other progressive jackpot slots .
Many of the top paying progressive games can be found at Virtual City Casino .
Microgaming also offers a nice selection of traditional slots .
These classic games feature 3 reels with 1 to 5 paylines .
Some of the classic slots feature wild symbols and Multipliers .
Microgaming currently offers more than 100 standard slot games .
The company also provides online casinos with over 240 5 reel slots , some with bonus rounds and progressive jackpots .
Even though Microgaming has created hundreds of slot games over the years , there are three games in particular that are ranked as the most popular ever .
Tomb Raider is one of these .
This was the very first branded slot to be available in online casinos .
Tomb Raider helped to take video slots to a new level , showing players that there can be a connection between a rewarding slot machine and a console video game .
Thunderstruck is another one of the most popular games ever released by Microgaming .
This game has a Norse theme and a unique bonus system .
When triggered , the bonus will require players to complete various rounds of the bonus before having access to the highest paying jackpot .
The third most popular game is Mega Moolah .
By offering one of the largest progressive jackpots available online , this game has gained the attention and loyalty of thousands of players .
This is a video slot with a linked progressive jackpot that far exceeds $ 1 million .
There have been a few lucky winners who have walked away multi-millionaires after hitting the progressive jackpot .
Microgaming is best known for providing the largest jackpot win ever .
In 2009 , a lucky winner hit the progressive jackpot on Mega Moolah .
The player walked away with € 6,373,434 .
This was the largest win in online casino history and remains the amount to beat .
Major Millions , another progressive slot game from Microgaming has paid out a jackpot of more than $ 5 million .
Microgaming progressive jackpots are known to be the largest in the industry , creating millionaires with just a single spin .
Microgaming continues to create the best slot games anywhere online .
Players who are registered at Microgaming casinos like Casino Share will enjoy many new releases .
This company offers at least two new games each and every month , allowing players to enjoy the latest creations offering amazing payouts and innovative features .
The latest offerings found in Microgaming casinos ate the Untamed slot games .
These games have attracted a lot of attention and are loaded with awesome features to make for an exciting and rewarding experience .
Show full PR text
HP Labs Designs Data Center Fueled by Manure
Research demonstrates ability to create a sustainable IT ecosystem using dairy farm waste
PALO ALTO , Calif. , May 19 , 2010
HP today presented new research from HP Labs , the company 's central research arm , showing how the manure output of cows and the heat output of data centers can be combined to create an economically and environmentally sustainable operation .
In a research paper presented at the ASME International Conference on Energy Sustainability in Phoenix , Ariz. , the HP researchers explain how a farm of 10,000 dairy cows could fulfill the power requirements of a 1 - megawatt ( MW ) data center – the equivalent of a medium - sized data center – with power left over to support other needs on the farm .
In this process , the heat generated by the data center can be used to increase the efficiency of the anaerobic digestion of animal waste .
This results in the production of methane , which can be used to generate power for the data center .
This symbiotic relationship allows the waste problems faced by dairy farms and the energy demands of the modern data center to be addressed in a sustainable manner .
Highlights
Dairy farms and data centers may appear to be unexpected partners ; however , HP Labs has shown that the specific needs and challenges of both can be aligned to create a sustainable life cycle , using technologies readily available today .
* The average dairy cow produces about 55 kg ( 120 pounds ) of manure per day , and approximately 20 metric tons per year – roughly equivalent to the weight of four adult elephants .
* The manure that one dairy cow produces in a day can generate 3.0 kilowatt - hours ( kWh ) of electrical energy , which is enough to power television usage in three U.S. households per day .
(1)
* A medium - sized dairy farm with 10,000 cows produces about 200,000 metric tons of manure per year .
Approximately 70 percent of the energy in the methane generated via anaerobic digestion could be used for data center power and cooling , thus reducing the impact on natural resources .
* Pollutants from unmanaged livestock waste degrade the environment and can lead to groundwater contamination and air pollution .
Methane is 21 times more damaging to the environment than carbon dioxide , which means that in addition to being an inefficient use of energy , disposal of manure through flaring can result in steep greenhouse gas emission taxes .
* In addition to benefiting the environment , using manure to generate power for data centers could provide financial benefit to farmers .
HP researchers estimate that dairy farmers would break even in costs within the first two years of using a system like this and then earn roughly $ 2 million annually in revenue from selling waste - derived power to data center customers .
Changing the energy equation
HP is working to transform the way in which businesses and societies organize and operate by changing the way energy is consumed and produced , thereby creating more sustainable ecosystems .
HP Labs is committed to designing data centers that are substantially more efficient and use local , renewable energy resources .
Contemporary data centers are increasingly co-located with power generation or cooling resources to reduce operational costs .
Power generation microgrids can take advantage of a variety of local power generation options to reduce the dependence on the utility grid for power .
Microgrids can employ solar cells , wind turbines , biofuels or other sources , many of which are renewable , to generate electricity used to power data centers .
The prevalence of dairy farms in the United States presents a co-location opportunity that generates biofuel from farm waste .
Supporting quote
" The idea of using animal waste to generate energy has been around for centuries , with manure being used every day in remote villages to generate heat for cooking .
The new idea that we are presenting in this research is to create a symbiotic relationship between farms and the IT ecosystem that can benefit the farm , the data center and the environment . "
* Tom Christian , principal research scientist , Sustainable IT Ecosystem Lab , HP
Supporting resources
* Illustration of the symbiotic relationship between the farm and data center
* Article about farm waste - powered data center design from the HP Labs website
* Video of Chandrakant Patel of HP Labs explaining the research
* HP Labs presentation at the ASME International Conference on Energy Sustainability
* More information on the HP Sustainable IT Ecosystem Lab
More information on HP 's work in innovating for the environment
( Newser ) – Belgium 's lower house of parliament today voted virtually unanimously in favor of a law aimed at banning burkas in public public places .
The bill passed with 134 in favor , two abstaining , and none opposing .
It moves now to the Senate , where it is expected to pass , but not before its wording is challenged , which could delay it until June or July .
The law would n't just ban burkas , it would ban any clothing that obscures the identity of the wearer .
Anyone who does n't comply could be jailed for up to seven days .
Veil use is n't widespread in Belgium — the BBC says only about 30 women wear them , though that may be a typo ; a lawmaker in our earlier story pegged the number at about 400 .
But Muslim groups have criticized the law , saying those women will be trapped in their homes , and Amnesty International calls it a violation of freedom of expression and religion .
( Read more burka ban stories . )
News
China , US reach consensus on currency rate reform By Ding Qingfen and Wang Bo ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-05-26 07:00
President Hu Jintao is introduced to members of the US delegation by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner watches at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Tuesday .
[ Wu Zhiyi / China Daily ]
BEIJING - China will chart its own course on currency reform based on its needs , and external pressure will only delay the reform , Assistant Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao said on Tuesday .
" China and the US have reached consensus that the US understands that China will independently decide on the specific steps of its exchange rate reforms , based on its own interests , taking into account world economic conditions and China 's own development trends , " he said .
Zhu made the remarks after the closing ceremony of the second round of the China - US Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Beijing .
In his closing remarks , US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner welcomed a pledge by China 's top leaders to pursue currency reform as part of a broader agenda aimed at boosting domestic consumption and helping rebalance global growth .
" This is , of course , China 's choice , " he said .
Geithner said he was " as confident as I 've ever been " that China will see that it is in its own interest to let the yuan resume appreciating - for example , to help curb inflation .
President Hu Jintao said on Monday , during the opening ceremony of the dialogue , that China will continue to " steadily push forward the reform of the foreign exchange rate mechanism , under the principles of independent decision - making , controllability and gradual progress . "
The remarks sparked market speculation that the government will let the currency rise in the near future .
" Thanks to the global economic situation , China is facing less global pressure on currency revaluation , and now is the opportune time to widen the band of currency flotation and to make the yuan more flexible against the dollar , " said Zhang Ming , economist at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
As part of the outcome of the dialogue , China also " agreed to submit a revised agreement on government procurement by July " .
Washington and foreign business groups have expressed concern over Beijing 's " indigenous innovation " policy , which they believe promotes Chinese technology by favoring domestically - developed products in government procurement .
Some foreign companies say the policy is the biggest threat to their access to Chinese markets .
Geithner said the US welcomes China 's commitment on submitting the revised offer as well as its commitment to " reducing barriers to foreign investment in services , hi-tech goods , high - end manufacturing , and energy - saving products and facilitate foreign investment by decentralized review and approval processes " .
" This is progress .
It does not fully resolve our concerns , but it gives us a set of basic principles on which to move forward , " he said .
During his meeting with US officials on Tuesday , Premier Wen Jiabao said the dialogue has borne fruit as both sides reiterated their " principles on indigenous innovation , including non-discrimination , open trade and investment , and strong intellectual property rights protection " .
US Trade Representative Ron Kirk said " any progress from China in IPR protection and market access barriers could be more important than yuan reforms " .
" All these could be as valuable , if not more valuable , frankly , than whatever we accomplish on the exchange rate , " he said .
China agreed to further simplify the investment approval process , shortening the approval period , increas-ing transparency and narrowing the scope of approval , according to an outcome statement .
Minister of Commerce Chen Deming told a press conference that China has the resolve to protect IPRs .
The outcome statement also said China and the US will unite to " reform their own financial frameworks , strengthening supervision and transparency " .
" This round of the dialogue did not solve all our problems but did produce concrete results , " US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said .
Both sides praised the dialogue as a vital tool for easing trade strains and promoting economic and political ties .
But the talks also highlighted the divisions .
" It is impossible for the United States and China to agree on all issues and the two sides will have disagreements and differences , " State Councillor Dai Bingguo said at the end of the meeting .
Clinton also said on Tuesday that China had made a " wise " choice by buying US debt but should eventually channel more investment domestically .
China is the world 's largest holder of US Treasuries , worth $ 895.2 billion .
Chinese officials have prodded the Barack Obama administration to avoid pursuing fiscal policies that could erode the value of those holdings .
Geithner said that the Obama administration was aiming to steadily lower its deficit as a percentage of national output .
" The basic strategy is to make sure that our economy is growing , then institute long - term reforms , and restore the basic discipline to the budget process that we abandoned in the previous decade , " he said in a speech at the Central Party School .
jkinney3 was one of several readers to send in news of recently discovered internal documents from BP which indicate the company knew " there were serious problems and safety concerns with the Deepwater Horizon rig far earlier than those the company described to Congress last week . "
According to the New York Times , " The documents show that in March , after several weeks of problems on the rig , BP was struggling with a loss of ' well control . '
And as far back as 11 months ago , it was concerned about the well casing and the blowout preventer . "
Reader bezenek points out this troubling quote about BP 's inconsistent risk assessments : " In April of this year , BP engineers concluded that the casing was ' unlikely to be a successful cement job , ' according to a document , referring to how the casing would be sealed to prevent gases from escaping up the well .
The document also says that the plan for casing the well is ' unable to fulfill M.M.S. regulations , ' referring to the Minerals Management Service .
A second version of the same document says ' It is possible to obtain a successful cement job ' and ' It is possible to fulfill M.M.S. regulations . ' "
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas intends on informing Special US envoy to the Middle East George Mitchell that the Palestinian Authority would agree to have NATO forces stationed in future Palestine ,
London - based Arabic - language newspaper al - Quds al - Arabi reported Wednesday .
Abbas and Mitchell are scheduled to meet in Ramallah on Wednesday afternoon .
The newspaper quoted Palestinian sources as saying that Abbas would agree to have North Atlantic Treaty Organization forces monitor the borders of the future Palestinian state , in order to stop arms smuggling to what is supposed to become a demilitarized zone .
According to the report , NATO forces would also be tasked with " protecting the Palestinian state from Israel . "
The newspaper added that the Palestinian president intends to " reiterate his commitment to fighting terror and any incitement or violence against Israel .
He will stress that the PA has met its security obligations , as detailed in the Road Map , in full . "
According to the report , Abbas will inform the US envoy that he intends to establish a state within the confines of the 1967 borders , while keeping the option of a territorial exchange with Israel .
Yes , it ’s this time of the year again : tulips have taken over the city and dozen of tour bus are parked in front of the Parliament and at Dow ’s Lake .
People are desperate for colors after our long white winters !
Being my usual counterculture self , I actually went to take pictures on a cloudy day , ten days before the festival began .
I noticed the flowers bloomed very early this year , plus flower pictures are better taken on cloudy days ( clouds act like a natural light filter and colors do n’t look as saturated ) .
It got very cold over the weekend : strong wind , subzero temperatures and even “ thundersnow ” on Saturday night .
I wonder what ’s left of the poor tulips now …
Every year , it ’s a challenge to find new angles .
I hate taking the same boring shots .
But I must say I ’m quite pleased with this year ’s pictures .
Okay , I stop congratulating myself and let you judge by yourself !
You can see the full set of the pictures taken at the 2010 Tulips Festival here .
Monsignor Charles Scicluna warns seminarians who exploit their office that their punishment in hell will be worse than death penalty on earth
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Vatican official in charge of catching paedophile priests has said their punishment in hell would be worse than receiving the death penalty on earth .
Monsignor Charles Scicluna issued the warning to seminarians at St Peter 's basilica , in Rome , during prayers for abuse victims .
Quoting Gregory the Great , an early pope and monk who laid down rules for the clergy , he said a paedophile priest who exploited his office would get tougher treatment in hell than a layman .
" It would be really better for him that his evil deeds cause him death " under secular laws , he said .
Scicluna added that those who hurt children should be thrown into the sea with a millstone around their neck .
In his sermon , he also suggested that priests who covered up abuse committed by colleagues would also face the fires of hell .
Why Rand Paul is Winning
Created : February 26 , 2010 09:54 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
A friend passes on this high - quality video of Rand Paul ’s closing statement at a candidate forum for Kentucky U.S. Senate candidates .
If you ’ve watched enough video of his father , Ron , debating Republicans , the resonances and contrasts are remarkable .
Rand looks and sounds like his father , but he ’s got a yen for partisan combat and a crispness to his arguments .
Ron , who vastly expanded his support as a kind of cult figure in the 2007 campaign , was always more comfortable making philosophical arguments than grappling with his opponents .
Rand makes those arguments , then fires bullets back at his opponents , Trey Grayson and Bill Johnson .
It ’s an illustration of how a candidate whose first media coverage was of the “ is n’t this an amusing sideshow ” variety has put himself in position to be the GOP ’s nominee in Kentucky .
Video after the jump :
On Monday , I wrote about NYPD whistle - blower Adrian Schoolcraft , who recorded hundreds of conversations and roll call meetings at his precinct in Brooklyn .
The recordings supported prior allegations that NYPD is encouraging its officers to harass New Yorkers with " stop and frisk " encounters and bogus arrests while encouraging the same officers to downgrade actual crimes , or not report them at all .
Schoolcraft 's recordings were first brought to light earlier this month in an ongoing series of reports by the Village Voice , but the NYPD officer had been sounding alarms internally at the department for months .
Yesterday , former Newsday police columnist Len Levitt reported a distrubing addition to the story :
Schoolcraft has already paid a price for speaking out .
As in the old Soviet Union , police forcibly took him to Jamaica Hospital last October , where , he says , he was kept against his will inside the psychiatric ward for six days .
He landed there last Halloween night after the NYPD came to his home in Queens and ordered him back to work after he says he fell ill and left his tour of duty an hour early .
When he refused to return , officers called Emergency Medical Service , which determined he had high blood pressure , then transported him to Jamaica Hospital , where he ended up in the psych ward — hardly the usual place for treating blood pressure problems .
His father Larry says the hospital has refused to release the records of his son's stay , including the name of the admitting doctor .
Levitt says the hospital is now going over Schoolcraft 's records again , and will release them to him by the end of the week .
Nine months ago , the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission released a report of proposed national standards for the “ prevention , detection , and response to sexual abuse in confinement settings ” — - in other words , a path toward ending prison rape .
In order to achieve that goal , the commission has laid down a list of proposed standards for U.S. facilities housing men , women , and juveniles .
Among them :
That facilities adopt a “ zero tolerance ” policy “ toward all forms of sexual abuse ” ; that staff be trained to identify its warning signs and respond to them ; that prisoners be assessed for their “ risk of being sexually abused by other inmates or sexually abusive toward other inmates ” ; that institutions implement sufficient surveillance procedures and technologies with an eye at preventing abuse ; and that they keep records of assault rates inside their facilities .
Prison rape can be prevented , and some corrections authorities are already moving to implement the commission ’s standards in an attempt to do just that .
But other corrections leaders have shot back with one major complaint — - ending prison rape sounds expensive .
The New Mexico Corrections Department submitted this in response to the proposed standards :
A simple cost - benefit analysis shows that when weighed against the twelve million dollar cost of compliance , non-compliance would be much cheaper .
To be clear , the Department has every intention of complying with whatever standards are ultimately approved , but the fact remains that compliance with the currently proposed standards would be very expensive .
The Alabama Department of Corrections estimated that implementing these standards would cost the state $ 58 million dollars , but that the state could cut costs by keeping the definition of “ prison rape ” limited :
We strongly recommend the use of the statutory definition of “ rape , ” as directed by PREA .
The term “ sexual abuse ” is much too broad and encompassing of incidences such as verbal harassment which is not the intent of PREA .
That type of behavior is certainly not condoned and is managed through state departmental administrative disciplinary actions and procedures .
The purposes of PREA as detailed in section three of the law , is to provide for the analysis of the incidence and effects of prison rape in Federal , State , and local institutions and to provide information , resources , recommendations , and funding to protect individuals from prison rape , not “ sexual abuse . ”
Also submitting public comments on this issue are the commission ’s supporters , who believe that the price of preventing the sexual abuse of prisoners is not too high .
Below are the personal statements of six men and women who have survived sexual abuse in U.S. prisons .
Each of them have come forward to publicly and explicitly detail the abuse they suffered at the hands of corrections officers and fellow prisoners , and urge the Department of Justice to institute the commission ’s standards :
After being convicted of a drug charge , Marilyn Shirley served time in the Federal Medical Center in Fort Worth , Tx. , from Jan. 1998 to Sept. 2000 .
Six months before being released , she was raped by a corrections officer .
She writes :
I was a model prisoner ; I took all of the required Bureau of Prisons courses and never had an incident report written against me .
In fact , I was rewarded with time credited for good behavior .
Upon my release , I walked away with a $ 250 check from the Bureau of Prisons and a permanently devastated emotional and mental state as a result of my rape .
In March 2000 , I was awakened at approximately 3:30 a.m. by prison guard Michael Miller , a Senior Officer of the Bureau of Prisons .
He told me , in the presence of my roommates , that I was wanted at the officer ’s station .
In the officer ’s station , Miller made a phone call stating that if a Lieutenant heads for the Camp to give him ‘ the signal . ’
After hanging up the phone , Miller started forcing himself on me , kissing me and groping my breasts .
I was pushed into a storeroom .
He continued to assault me ; the more that I begged and pleaded for him to stop , the more violent he became .
He tried to force me to perform oral sex on him .
He then threw me against the wall and violently raped me .
I can still remember him whispering in my ear during the rape : “ Do you think you ’re the only one ?
Do n’t even think of telling , because it ’s your word against mine , and you will lose . ”
Miller also said to me “ who do you think they will believe , an inmate or a fine upstanding officer like me ? ”
The ordeal was finally over after Miller received the abrupt signal of someone clearing their throat over his radio , signaling that someone was coming .
I later learned there are no security cameras in the officer ’s station .
After returning to my room , I took off my sweatpants and put them in plastic and hid them in my locker .
Soon after , I confided in my welding boss that Officer Miller had raped me .
I asked her not to tell anyone because I did n’t want anything to interfere with my release date and I was afraid of what Miller would do to me if I reported it .
I also told one of my roommates , and I swore her to secrecy , too .
I stayed silent for months .
Having nowhere to hide , I went to sleep every night not knowing if he was going to come for me again .
Following the rape , Officer Miller harassed , intimidated and threatened me in many direct and indirect ways .
I lived in fear , until I was released from prison in September 2000 .
That day , I brought my sweatpants to the Carswell camp administrator and told her about the rape .
I gave statements and answered questions .
The semen - stained sweatpants were taken as evidence to the FBI Crime Lab .
I was then given a lie detector test , which I passed .
About three years after my release Officer Miller was found guilty of rape .
Now that I am out of prison , I am left with the devastating impact of the rape .
I have paralyzing panic attacks .
I ca n’t even hold my grandbaby because I ’m afraid of having a panic attack and dropping her .
I ca n’t do some of the basic things , like watch certain TV shows , or go over high freeway overpasses because I start to panic .
I have awful nightmares and sometimes I wet the bed as a result .
Sometimes my husband has to come and pull me out of the closet , where I go when I have these attacks .
We have been married for 30 years , but I have n’t been able to be intimate with my husband since the rape .
Sometimes , I fear that he will all of a sudden want an intimacy that I am unable to give .
When I was first released , I had a job .
My boss was very understanding about my situation , but it got to a point where I could not work anymore .
So I am now unable to work .
I sometimes fear that Officer Miller is going to come after me .
He is scheduled to be released soon and I am very scared that he will come after me .
I ’m afraid this is never going to go away .
I sometimes wonder about other victims who are n’t so lucky , either because they are still inside , or because they do n’t have evidence to confront their attackers .
The sooner that you pass standards like those developed by the Commission the more sexual abuse can be prevented .
Scott Howard - Smith was repeatedly raped and forced into prostitution by his fellow prisoners after being convicted of “ state theft charges and federal tax code violations ” and incarcerated in a Colorado state facility .
He writes :
Members of the 2 - 11 Crew , a white supremacist gang , had seen some news reports about my crimes .
They tried to get me to fraudulently obtain money for them from the IRS , but I refused .
When they learned that I was gay , they increased their threats and became violent .
One gang member forced me to perform oral sex on other inmates to pay off his debts .
After contacting a friend on the outside , I was transferred to another state facility .
I told three case managers there that I needed protection from the 2 - 11 Crew , but they said that I needed to name names .
I knew that if I provided the names of members of this large and powerful gang , I would be in further danger .
So nothing was done and I was again raped and forced to perform oral sex on gang members .
I spent many months trying to get protection by writing to officials .
I was told that I could enter Administrative Segregating only if I provided a taped statement against the gang members .
In early 2006 , I finally decided to identify the gang members who raped me and forced me into prostitution .
On the day that I was released from state custody in September 2007 , I was placed in a holding cell with one of my assailants .
He beat me and forced me to perform oral sex , calling me a snitch for reporting him to prison officials .
If the Commission ’s standards had been in place when I was incarcerated , so much of what happened to me could have been prevented .
I would have been provided with protection , without naming names .
I also could have received some much - needed counseling .
Even once I did report , my efforts to report were mostly fruitless and put me at greater risk .
Because I am openly gay , officials blamed me for the attacks .
They said that as a homosexual I should expect to be targeted by one gang or another .
They never recognized that , rather than instigating the abuse , I was actually far more vulnerable because of my sexuality .
The officials to whom I reported , even when they were not hostile to me , still did not know how to react .
They simply did not know what to do with me and failed to take even the most basic measures .
When I finally provided testimony against a gang member , I was later put in the same cell with him anyway .
Staff need to be educated about this problem and what they can do to protect inmates .
There was already a PREA coordinator at the facility where I was , but no one knew anything about PREA .
The officers only wanted perpetrator names , they did not know how to help me .
When I was too afraid to name assailants , they did not know who to contact , they did not know what to do with my reports .
Safe , confidential counseling must also be available and not dependant on naming assailants .
The facility only provided group therapy .
Having been targeted by a large gang , I was too afraid to address my assaults with other inmates .
I was told that if I chose to refuse group therapy that was my choice and I would not be provided with any individual counseling .
Now that I am out , I am working with counselors at a nearby rape crisis center who have been incredibly supportive .
However , I continue to have various medical problems stemming from this abuse .
I have nightmares , suffer from paranoia , inability to eat at times and I take various medications for blood pressure , cardiac palpitations , and other anxiety - related problems .
I am working with counselors at the local rape crisis center , and they have been very helpful .
My case manager and U.S. Probation Officer are also supportive .
Being targeted by a gang placed me at obvious risk for ongoing abuse but officials took no real actions to protect me .
Vulnerable inmates are powerless and have no real way to be heard .
Outsiders need to monitor what is happening in prisons , and inmates must have a way to contact them safely .
In my case , not only could an ombudsperson have called attention to my abuse , but he or she could have provided suggestions for how to best protect me .
To some extent , my abuse was indicative of how much control the gang had within Colorado facilities .
Strong standards would not just have prevented my ordeal , but would have restored proper control to officials .
Please pass the Commission ’s standards without delay .
While serving time at a women ’s prison work camp , Jan Lacostey was sexually harassed and then assaulted by a prison employee who openly stated that he enjoyed working in a prison because of the “ power ” it afforded him over others :
I was incarcerated in 1998 and soon transferred to a women ’s prison work camp .
I wound up working as a clerk at the warehouse for the men ’s prison .
I basically did a lot of secretarial and janitorial work .
After a couple months without problems , a new employee began working in the warehouse with us .
Within two weeks of him arriving at the warehouse , the mood had changed .
He was definitely a different type of person than what I was used to dealing with .
He could take a joke or an innocent comment and make it nasty and dirty .
It seemed like all of his “ jokes ” were sexual in nature and I immediately began to feel uncomfortable .
He started to ask a lot of personal questions about my life ; especially my sexual life with my husband .
Then he started to talk about how he liked all of the “ power ” that he had working inside the men ’s prison .
He made a big deal of talking about giving guys major tickets just because he did n’t like the way that they looked at him .
A major ticket is a major offense or write - up that goes into your record and it can really mess you up .
It can add time to your sentence , you can lose good time , you can lose privileges , you can even have to stop working .
His favorite line was “ I love the power it gives me . ”
That comment was enough to put the fear of god into any prisoner that heard him say it .
He then started asking me even more questions about my personal life .
I normally would have just continued to ignore him or if I was still on the outside I would have immediately told someone .
However , this was prison and this was a whole new ballgame .
If he decided to write me a major ticket , it could have held me up for a very long time .
All tickets are supposed to be heard within a specified time frame ; however , this is not always true .
A hearing can be delayed for many reasons , especially a sexual misconduct ticket .
In your notice , you request input on the definition of “ prison rape . ”
My experience shows how important it is that the standards you are reviewing cover the full range of sexual abuse and staff sexual misconduct .
In my case , sexual harassment was a direct precursor to this employee sexually assaulting me .
If the administration had stopped his harassment when it started , I might never have been raped .
I had received my date to go to the Corrections Center near my home which would allow me to get back into counseling , get a job , and even go home for a few hours on the weekend to see my family .
I knew that if I reported what he was doing to anyone or if he got wind of the fact that I was even thinking about reporting him , he would write me a major misconduct sexual act ticket and I would never get home !
I kept thinking about the fact that the Warden at the Prison Camp was well known for saying that if an inmate reported an assault or rape or any type of sexual contact by a male guard or employee and there was no physical evidence such as DNA or a witness willing to testify , she would always believe the guard or employee over the inmate .
How did I dare take my chances with that when I was so close to getting out of that horrid place ?
It is extremely important that the leadership show by example and that the administration take sexual abuse seriously , responding appropriately and immediately to all reported incidents .
As you can see by my story , the warden at that facility obviously did not show the needed leadership .
The standards should require a “ zero tolerance ” policy at all facilities , but it has to be backed up with words and actions , and not just be a piece of paper that the officials ignore .
Considering all of the factors , I had to make the hardest decision of my life and weigh my options .
I decided that it was more important to get back home to my family and try to get my life back on track .
I decided that I would not tell anyone what had happened and I would keep it to myself .
If it meant that I had to put up with being sexually assaulted and raped for another two months , I could do it as long as I could still go home the beginning of December .
At first he would just put his hands under my clothes .
Then , he would demand that I perform oral sex .
He would demand that I do other sexual acts for him .
And all the time he was making me perform these degrading acts on him , he kept talking about how I must be missing my sex life with my husband .
Eventually , he said that he wanted more .
He wanted to have intercourse with me .
I told him that I did n’t want to do that and begged him to please not do this to me .
He informed me that he could simply issue a major sexual conduct ticket and very snottily said “ how long do you think it will take for you to get home then ? ”
After months of abuse , the day that I no longer had to see him finally arrived .
I was going to the Center , one step closer to home !
How was I to know that unfortunately , this was definitely not going to be the last time I would have to see him .
His control over my life would continue for many , many more years following my release from prison .
It seemed that once I got on the bus leaving the prison and went to the Corrections Center , I put everything regarding him deep into the back of my mind .
I did n’t tell anyone – not my husband , no one .
I do n’t think that I even thought about it myself .
Maybe in some ways , not thinking about it was my way of dealing with it .
If I did n’t think about it , then maybe it meant that it did n’t happen .
About 10 months after I was released from the prison , I was reporting to my parole officer .
He asked me if I knew why Internal Affairs would want to talk to me .
I said no I had no clue .
He then asked me if I had ever had a problem with any of the guards or employees when I worked at the warehouse .
I immediately burst into tears and I think that my heart literally stopped .
I instantly knew that he was talking about him .
I told him that yes , I had indeed had a problem with one of them .
Apparently , one of the female prisoners had finally decided that enough was enough , and she had gotten the guts to come forward with what he had been doing to her .
This opened an investigation and once it reached a criminal investigation , Internal Affairs was involved .
She had managed to get some DNA and turned it over to the officials .
They ended up trying to find other inmates that worked at the warehouse and interviewing each one of them .
I was the original victim and the last person interviewed .
I ended up having to meet with an inspector from Internal Affairs .
He was a caring , respectful person .
He never made me feel like I was less important because I had been a prisoner .
He did n’t make me think that because I had been a prisoner I “ deserved ” to be raped .
He let me know that I still had rights and that this person would n’t be allowed to get away with raping me and all of those other women – he would make sure of that .
I must admit that I had my doubts .
I honestly did n’t think that anything would every come of it – after all , the females he had raped were “ just prisoners ” – and not as good as everyone else .
We had no rights and I thought that we would just have to deal with it .
In the end though , I think the Internal Affairs inspectors , and later detectives with the Michigan State Police , did the right thing .
They treated me like a human being , and they took the case seriously .
Internal Affairs referred the case for prosecution .
But I know this does n’t always happen , which is why it ’s important that the standards address things like training for staff , policies and protocols , and collaboration with outside agencies .
I am so much luckier than most Prison Rape victims .
I had a fantastic support system .
I got into counseling and it truly helped .
After 10 years , I still periodically see my counselor .
I had been diagnosed with Bi-Polar Disorder shortly before becoming incarcerated and have now been diagnosed with Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder .
To this day , I still take medication to allow me to sleep without having nightmares .
Once he was charged criminally , I ended up having to go through a criminal trial .
This was n’t simply a quick simple deal .
This defendant managed to drag the criminal trial out for over 5 years !
He was finally sent to prison and is now on the Sex Offender Registry .
While he was incarcerated I constantly wondered if anyone was threatening him with a Major Misconduct Ticket if he did n’t do what they wanted .
But I could n’t wish that on even him .
Not only did we end up actually having two trials , while testifying and talking about it , forced me to have to relive the nightmares of being raped in prison .
Watching the other victims during the trial , meeting them and hearing their stories brought to light an entirely new issue .
I also had to deal with the fact of knowing that since I was the first victim , if I had only had the courage to say something , none of the other victims would have been raped .
If only there was a way that would have allowed me to report these instances of rape to someone – not just inside the prison system – but outside the system !
The standards have to ensure that victims can report abuse without fear of repercussion .
I also feel it is important to have outsiders checking on prisons to make sure they are doing the right thing , and not sweeping these cases under the rug – the standards need to have a way to hold prison officials accountable for protecting inmates .
Imagine all of the pain , heartbreak and suffering that could have been avoided if there was someway to report sexual assaults where you could be assured someone would take you seriously ?
It is not acceptable that a prison can ignore a complaint of abuse , deem it unfounded without enough evidence or even retaliate against the prisoner lodging the complaint .
There needs to be some sort of checks and balances – such as the standards – in place so that you can stop the abuse that continues to occur .
You have the opportunity to implement the changes that can prevent this .
I implore you to make these changes and to do them as soon as possible .
The Wardens and all of the prison system need to know that those incarcerated in the prison system are still people who can be raped !
Please understand the importance of immediately implementing the standards that the Commission is recommending and do everything in your power to stop the repeated rape of prisoners – male and female .
As one of the intake guards told us when I entered prison , there are n’t really that many “ bad people , ” there are just “ people who make bad mistakes . ”
Remember , the prisoners are still people , they have wives , husbands , children and parents just like anyone else .
Barrilee Bannister was sexually abused by both male and female officers while in prison on a second - degree robbery conviction in Florence , Arizona :
I was sexually harassed and abused while in a private prison , and I urge you to take strong action to prevent this torture from happening to any other women .
In 1995 , I was arrested on two charges of second degree robbery and sentenced to serve 140 months in the custody of the Oregon Department of Corrections .
Due to overcrowding in the state prison system , Oregon contracted with the Corrections Corporation of America to house a large percentage of the state ’s female prison population .
I was one of 78 women who were sent to a men ’s facility in Florence , Arizona .
We were housed in a separate unit from the men , but their presence was strongly felt , and at times we could see them and they could see us .
I immediately felt that the facility was not prepared to house us safely .
When we first entered the facility , the 77 other women and I were paraded down a long corridor where male officers gawked , whistled , and made lewd comments at us .
After we had all settled into our cells , an officer came and ushered us into the shower area where we were strip searched by female officers .
During the search , I looked up and noticed that male guards were standing on the top tier of the unit looking down at us as we stood there , naked .
There was a short wall separating the shower area from the rest of the unit , but if you stood on the walkway of the second tier , you had an unobstructed view of the showers .
Several of us complained to the female officers who were performing the strip searches , but they laughed at us and refused to ask the men to leave .
The abuse only got worse when I was in the medical isolation cell area .
Six women were housed in one small cell .
One night , a captain came into the cell , took out a marijuana cigarette , and smoked it with us .
Afterwards , he handed another marijuana cigarette to one of the other women and told us to save it for later .
Minutes after he left , the captain returned with five or six other male officers and told us that the cell was going to be searched for contraband .
We were warned that if anything illegal was found , our property would be confiscated and we might face criminal charges .
One officer told us that we could avoid the search and any resulting charges by putting on a strip show .
Fearing that the marijuana cigarette that the captain had provided minutes earlier would result in additional charges , several of us danced and stripped for the officers , who watched and laughed .
From that day on , the officers would walk by the segregation cell and demand that we lift up our shirts to bare our breasts .
I really wanted to report the officers , but there was no way to do so without running the risk of retaliation .
To keep us in line , the officers frequently threatened to charge us with violations , saying that they would make sure we remained in segregation for a long time if we did not comply with their demands .
Several weeks later , I was put into a solitary “ dry cell , ” which meant that it had no running water .
For two days , no one checked on me or gave me food and , because there was no water , I could not get a drink from the sink or flush the toilet .
Finally , a male corrections officer checked on me .
After I told him that I had been in the cell without any food or water for two days , he brought his lunch to my cell and asked if I wanted to eat with him .
From that day forward , he would check on me almost every day .
After several weeks of him visiting my cell , the officer leaned over and kissed me .
I did not want for him to kiss me , and I tried to laugh it off .
I feared that if I turned down his advances I would be placed back on dry cell status , with no food or running water .
He started kissing me whenever he came to visit and eventually forced me to perform oral sex on him .
A rumor had spread through the facility that I was pregnant .
I ’m not sure how the rumor got started , but medical staff forced me to provide a urine sample that they could use to test for pregnancy .
They did not ask me any questions , offer me any support , or seem at all concerned for my well - being .
That same night , three guards came into my cell , sprayed me in the face with mace , handcuffed me behind my back , threw me down on the ground , and said , “ We hear you are pregnant by one of ours and we ’re gonna make sure you abort . ”
The two female guards began to kick me as the male guard stood watch .
The beating lasted about a minute , but it felt like ten or more .
Afterwards , the male officer uncuffed me and they left .
Once back in general population , I contacted a friend and asked him to immediately visit me to take pictures of bruises on my body that were the result of the beating .
He was not allowed to bring his camera into the facility , but I felt relieved that somebody on the outside knew what had happened .
I started contacting outside organizations and letting them know what was going on inside the prison .
Some of the organizations that I contacted went to the media and bombarded the prison with phone calls and letters .
Eventually , the CCA and the Florence Police Department began investigating the facility .
The investigation confirmed that sexual misconduct had taken place at the facility .
The 78 of us were sent back to the Oregon Women ’s Correctional Center in Salem .
According to one newspaper article , at least a dozen officers from the CCA facility were terminated .
Charges were filed against two of the officers , including the man who had forced me to perform oral sex .
I spent almost a year in Arizona , and during that time , I did not receive any medical or mental health care .
Oregon lacked enough space to house its female prison population safely , so I was continuously moved around until 2001 , when I was transferred to the newly built Coffee Creek Correctional Facility in Wilsonville , Oregon .
I wanted to see a counselor , and repeatedly requested mental health treatment at Coffee Creek .
The officials did not allow me to see the mental health counselor until a lymph node disorder caused me to experience severe paranoia and hallucinations .
There was only one counselor at the facility and she did not seem accustomed to dealing with survivors of sexual violence .
Although I very much wanted to speak with her about what I endured in Arizona , she mostly offered me medication .
When I did have the opportunity to speak with the counselor , our sessions were closely monitored and I never felt comfortable speaking openly about what had happened to me in Arizona .
I really would have benefited from being able to talk to a rape crisis counselor with experience in dealing with issues of sexual violence .
I started turning more and more to my support system on the outside .
I stayed in close contact with several of the feminist organizations that had helped bring attention to the abuse in Arizona , and it was only with their help that I was able to let go of some of the anger I was experiencing .
Being able to contact people on the outside made a significant difference for me .
In addition to the individuals and organizations that helped secure an investigation at CCA and provided me with support through the remainder of my incarceration , I was able to find an attorney in Oregon to represent me in a federal lawsuit .
The case was eventually settled .
CCA officials admitted wrongdoing and gave me and the 77 other women an apology .
We did not receive any monetary compensation .
However , steps should have been taken to prevent the abuse in the first place .
Male officers need to be closely monitored when in female units and should not be allowed to see female prisoners when they are n’t fully dressed .
Female officers knew about the male officers ’ actions but seemed to accept it as part of the culture .
Harassment must be taken as seriously as other forms of abuse .
The officers ’ bad behavior at CCA began with gawking and lewd comments , then to forced strip shows , and for me it ultimately resulted in forced oral sex .
Without facing any consequences for their harassment , the officers knew that they could do whatever they wanted .
I fear for abused prisoners who are not as lucky as I was , and who may not have access to the outside support that I had .
The standards ’ requirement that all survivors of sexual assault in detention have access to confidential support from an outside rape crisis counselor is very important .
Prison mental health staff also need proper training on how to provide appropriation response to a sexual assault victim .
Ongoing harassment and abuse should not have been part of my sentence .
Please pass strong standards so that current inmates are protected from sexual abuse and are treated properly if they are raped .
While spending time in juvenile detention centers and adult prisons , Troy Erik Isaac was repeatedly raped by fellow prisoners :
My name is Troy Erik Isaac .
I ’m a 36 year old male .
I am writing to encourage you to adopt swiftly the standards developed by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission .
I identify as transgender .
I think and feel like a woman .
I ’ve spent most of my adolescent year ’s in juvenile hall , youth authority , from 12 to 18 .
I was raped numerous times by fellow inmates , and even was assaulted by a fellow prisoner incarcerated for rape .
Frankly I was never supposed to be around a prisoner convicted of rape in this case .
I went on to serve a total of 15 years in adult prison from ages 19 to 34 .
Again I was raped and abused by prisoners and staff lacked the training to handle rape cases and often looked the other way or ignored me .
The Prison Rape Elimination Act ( PREA ) is a very vital tool to combat sexual assaults and rape of juvenile offenders and adult offenders , like myself .
The sooner the PREA standards are adopted the sooner prison officials will get the training and understanding to combat and eliminate rape from harming youth offenders and adult offenders , and staff .
Please pass the Commission ’s standards quickly so that others do not have to suffer the abuse I already experienced .
Frank Mendoza was never convicted of a crime and only spent two weeks in jail .
But it was enough time for a corrections officer to sexually assault him :
I experienced a brutal sexual assault when I was in jail for a non-violent offense .
I am writing to express my strong support for the National Standards to Prevent , Detect , and Respond to Prison Rape .
Even though I was never convicted of a crime , I received a life sentence of pain and hurt from the abuse I suffered at the hands of a guard .
In 2006 , I was fired from my job at a law firm and was arrested for public drunkenness .
I was transferred from the Orange County Jail to the Los Angeles County Jail .
I was scared of other inmates , but did not know at the time that I had more reason to fear the staff .
While at the Los Angeles County Jail , I was repeatedly harassed by corrections officers because I was openly gay .
Officers would verbally abuse and taunt me , and nothing I did would make them leave me alone .
After one particularly humiliating incident , I tried to defend myself .
In response , one of the officers threatened to hurt me .
I had no idea he would actually carry out those threats and get away with it .
I believe my rape was premeditated .
At the time , I was housed in Administrative Segregation .
A day or two after I was threatened , all of the officers in the watchtower left and it got eerily quiet .
That is when the officer who threatened me entered my cell and severely beat and digitally raped me .
When the officer on the next shift saw me naked and bloodied in my cell , he asked what happened .
I told him I was raped and he just told me to get dressed , but never followed up on my report .
The inmate in the cell next to mine heard the attack , but he was n’t willing to help me or to testify against the officer , for fear that it might happen to him too .
Survivors need multiple avenues to report a sexual assault , especially if they were raped by a staff member .
Inmates cannot be expected to report abuse to an officer who works closely with the perpetrator .
I told an officer what happened to me , but nothing was ever done .
Because of the “ code of silence , ” officers refused to report on one another , leaving me without any options to seek help .
For that reason , it is critically important that the standards include an option for survivors to report to someone on the outside , so that facilities will be forced to take reports of sexual violence seriously .
The standards should also make sure that rape in jail is investigated like rape in the community .
I was denied a forensic exam , which made it almost impossible to collect any evidence from the rape .
No one ever provided me with any treatment for my injuries , even though I was badly beaten .
I never spoke with a counselor or mental health staff member and was left to suffer alone in my cell .
If I had access to these services , I could have been spared years of needless suffering and pain .
I was only in the jail for two weeks , but I was very traumatized by the attack .
I was virtually homeless , but I was determined to seek justice in my case .
I went to the Rampart Police Station to report the rape and did everything I could do move it forward .
But nothing ever came of it .
Without a forensic exam or any kind of evidence from the assault , building a criminal case against the officer was virtually impossible .
As far as I know , he still works at the jail .
I was released from the jail four years ago and am working hard to put my life together .
I currently live in Los Angeles and have been seeing a therapist for two years and also meet regularly with a psychologist .
Healing from the wounds of the sexual assault is hard work , but I am determined to move on with my life .
Prisoner rape is not just a statistic for those of us who have lived through it , it is a life shattering experience .
This violence has to stop and I ask you to pass the standards quickly so that others do not have to experience the abuse that I endured .
Does eliminating prison rape sound like an investment worth making ?
On May 10 , the comment period on these standards will close .
Just Detention International encourages supporters of the standards to submit their comments online :
It is crucial that people who care about ending sexual abuse behind bars submit comments .
We know that corrections officials and their lobbyists will weigh in en masse .
During the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission ’s public comment period in 2008 , on a draft version of the standards , more than 100 corrections departments and associations submitted comments objecting to the standards .
Supportive public comments are vital to ensuring that the Attorney General promulgates strong standards .
Supporters of the proposed standards can also sign JDI ’s online petition to have their names included in JDI ’s comments to the Department of Justice .
Another day , another teabagger rally filled with regular folks concerned about their taxes and whatnot .
Oh , and the main message from their keynote speaker , former congressman Tom Tancredo , who said :
.
... Americans have reached the point where " we 're going to have to pray that we can hold on to this country " ...
" If his wife says Kenya is his homeland , why do n't we just send him back ? "
But do n't be too hard on old Tom ... this is n't the first time he 's suffered a meltdown in public .
With an opening oil statement , Obama will try to steer / frame the media focus toward the messy ....
It 's a lesson that White House after White House fails to learn , incomplete answers only raise more questions .
If it smells like a fish , good chance it 's a fish .
The issue of what Democrat Sestak was offered by an Obama aide to drop out of his ultimately successful Pennsylvania Senate primary challenge of what 's - his - name - the - old - former - Democrat - ex - Republican - now - Democrat Specter may well come up this morning at President Obama 's first White House news conference in months .
( UPDATE :
The news conference 's full transcript is now available here . )
This Joe Sestak / Obama White House job mess does have legs .
The public and the media are not buying the White House 's self - cleansing , self - serving explanation that everything was appropriate , just move along .
Well , it looks like we have an answer now to the question raised in that Monday Ticket item here : Obama White House probe of Obama White House finds no Obama White House impropriety on Sestak .
... Gulf spill story because a ) there 's another bad guy to blame and b ) the president has laid on another photo op down there on Friday before he skips the Memorial Day services at Arlington National Cemetery to vacation again , this time in Chicago .
One - time White House insider Karl Rove has been outside Washington most of recent months , promoting his new best - seller , " Courage and Consequence . "
But Wednesday he chatted with our buddy Scott Hennen , the upper Midwest 's top political talk - show host .
We 've got a good piece of video down below for you to ponder .
But let 's just quote some of the characteristically blunt , clear insight that 's made Rove so successful in politics , on the Fox News Channel and so hated / feared by opponents .
Here 's Rove on Sestak :
One of two things is true , you can't have two things true .
One or the other is true .
Either Joe Sestak is lying and he was not offered a position in the administration in return for getting out of the primary .
You know he 's a liar , in which case not worthy of public service .
Or , he 's telling the truth , in which case somebody inside the White House committed a felony .
18usc211 says that , a government official cannot promise a job in return for anything of value and it has a long list of values .
Saying to a member of Congress if you drop out of the primary and give a free ride to the general election for our Democratic nominee in return for which we will give you a government job , is clearly receiving something of value .
The value is a clear path to the nomination of your favorite candidate .....
What he in essence is saying is that there 's a felon inside the White House and I am going to stonewall and protect that individual .
He has an obligation to tell .
Either you 're a liar , Joe Sestak , or you 're protecting a felon .
Now , Rove on Democrats trying to blame George W. Bush for last month 's oil spill , as The Ticket revealed here Tuesday :
Obama Administration officials last year short - circuited the process and allowed Transocean and British Petroleum to drill this well to put this unit at the place that they were drilling and to do so without full environmental review and a full safety review .
It was Obama Administration officials .
Chris Dodd , you know , is reaching back .
I wish he knew the facts .
He clearly knew that facts when he got that improper mortgage from people he was writing legislation benefits for , but he does n't have the facts known here .
In fact , it was on the front page of the New York Times .... that the decision to allow this rig to drill in this place was granted last year with expedited approvals without a full environmental and safety review by Obama Administration officials .
And , finally , Rove on presidential behavior :
Look , the American people do n't elect a president with the hope that he 's going to spend most of his time blaming his predecessor .
They elect a president to get things done .
I think it hurts President Obama .
It makes him look weak .
You know , this constant ' poor us , we were handed a bad thing , all the problems are the problems of the previous administration . '
You know , look , when Bush came into office he had a recession .
You did n't hear Bush go out and say , ' Well you know Clinton , the stock market peaked in March of 2000 .
NASDAQ lost 50 % of it 's value .
We were headed to a recession and it's all Clinton 's fault and we are cleaning up after the Clinton mess . '
The American people do n't want to hear that .
So , look , that 's fine if they want to do that because I think it hurts them .
It diminishes them .
It makes them look weak and pitiful and that 's not what the American people want .
The reason why the President has such a low approval rating when he should have high ones , is because of the way he conducts himself in office .
So , you think Obama will invite Rove over to shoot some hoops anytime soon ?
While you wait , give this tape a listen .
There 's much more , including talk of the role of Obama Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel in Penn - gate .
-- Andrew Malcolm
If you click here to receive automatic Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item , the White House might make you secretary of the Navy .
Follow us @latimestot Or Like our Facebook page right here .
Photos : Pete Souza / White House ; Associated Press ( Sestak , file ) .
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) -
An initial public offer by India ’s SKS Microfinance is likely to set the stage for more such offers in the world ’s largest microlending market , but it has also sparked a debate on the ethics of profiting from the poor .
The IPO , a first in India and one of only a handful by microfinance institutions ( MFIs ) around the world , is expected to raise about $ 250 - $ 350 million for SKS and its private equity investors .
It has drawn keen interest from countries with major microfinance industries such as Bangladesh , Mexico and South America , as well as the private equity firms who have recently piled into the sector .
But it has also drawn sharp criticism from some MFIs and non-government organizations who do not favor going to capital markets or the strong flows of private equity that have pushed up valuations .
“ The job of microfinance is to alleviate poverty , so the question to ask is : who ’s going to benefit from the IPO ? ” said Olivia Donnelly , executive director of UK - based Shivia Microfinance , a non-profit firm that focuses on India and Nepal .
“ It ’s OK to do an IPO because you need to scale up , or upgrade your IT systems , but is it correct to make millionaires out of shareholders when your borrowers are so poor ? ”
Microfinance has been around since the 1970s , but jumped into the spotlight in 2006 when the Nobel Peace Prize went to Bangladesh ’s Muhammad Yunus and his Grameen Bank , which pioneered giving tiny unsecured loans to the poor to buy cows or sewing machines .
Some Indian MFIs including SKS have switched to a for - profit model and registered as non-banking financial corporations .
MFIs ’ expanding client base and near - zero defaults have drawn investors ranging from Singapore ’s Temasek , CLSA Capital and International Financial Corp to private equity firms Sandstone Capital , Unitus and Matrix , which have put money in SKS , Share Microfin , Spandana , Ujjivan and other MFIs .
HIGH VALUATIONS
Advocates say rapid growth and the drying up of traditional sources of capital have driven MFIs to consider other options .
“ When we are growing 75 percent year - on - year , the sort of equity we need to maintain 15 percent capital adequacy ratio cannot come from old - fashioned sources such as philanthropists or banks , ” said Vijay Mahajan , president of lobby group MFI Network .
“ So we ’ve had to move to new sources like PE , the capital market and debt instruments .
This is something to be celebrated . ”
Sumir Chadha , managing director of private equity firm Sequoia Capital India , which holds more than a fifth of SKS , said the IPO would improve the reputation of microfinance lenders .
“ MFIs tend to be regarded badly .
It is very frustrating .
This IPO will dramatically increase visibility and bring in greater trust for the entire MFI eco-system , ” Chadha said .
Earlier this year , India ’s finance minister said non-banking financial corporations ( NBFCs ) , including some like SKS , can be granted banking licenses , signaling a greater role for MFIs .
But India ’s central bank has pulled up MFIs for their high interest rates -- about 25 - 27 percent .
That is about double the rate at which they borrow from banks , but still lower than moneylenders .
There is also criticism of high valuations , which private equity has helped push to about 5.9 times book value , or nearly three times the global average , JPMorgan and the World Bank ’s Consultative Group to Assist the Poor ( CGAP ) said in a report .
Listed MFIs , including Mexico ’s Compartamos , have outperformed mainstream banks , but valuations of Indian MFIs are “ unsustainably high ” and not justified by their recent growth or current and future earnings expectations , it said .
Delinquency levels , kept low because borrowers must repay funds before getting access to more funds , may not be sustainable .
Overheating was already evident in some southern Indian states , the report said , and profitability will also decline as operating costs rise as MFIs expand outside the southern states .
Private equity ’s role in MFIs has also been criticized .
“ PEs can bring greater efficiency , development plans and good management , but they can also create tension because investors tend to want to exit in three to five years , ” Xavier Reille , a co-author of the report , told Reuters from Washington .
“ There may be potential rifts because with such high valuations , you obviously want to sell even higher .
And the high multiples may discourage fresh capital from coming in , ” he said .
SOCIAL MISSION
SKS has drawn investors including Sequoia , Kismet Capital , Unitus , venture capitalist Vinod Khosla and Infosys Technologies founder N.R. Narayana Murthy .
Vikram Akula , a former McKinsey consultant , has been named one of the most influential people by Time magazine , and SKS , which he first founded in 1997 as a non-profit , is today India ’s largest MFI with about 5.5 million clients .
But activists and NGOs see no reason for cheer .
“ MFIs are ignoring their social mission .
They have a duty to educate their clients and not lend money for buying a TV or pay dowry just to add to their loan books , ” said Shivia ’s Donnelly .
“ It ’s the wrong path to take .
It ’s sub - prime all over again . ”
There are few regulations and no accountability , they say .
“ MFIs talk about their valuations , but no one talks about social performance : are we really lifting people out of poverty ? ” said Royston Braganza , chief executive of Grameen Capital India .
With about half a dozen big Indian MFIs contemplating IPOs , SKS ’ offering will be a milestone , the JPMorgan / CGAP report said , and could help advance a stalled microfinance bill in India .
“ Depending on the outcome , it is quite probable that the spotlight on Indian microcredit will intensify , while triggering renewed discussion around MFIs ’ profitability and social impact . ”
Interviewing Buzz Osborne was , without a doubt , one of the best experiences of my lucrative career in music journalism .
Sometimes , interviewing can be a real drag , me trying to pull meaningful answers out of disinterested people .
What a bummer it is when you realize that someone whose music you dig turns out to be a jerk or worse–a bore .
Thankfully , the frizzy - haired Melvins frontman and Fantomas guitarist proved to be a funny , engaging , and opinionated interviewee , turning what could have been a straightforward Q&A session into an hour - long phone conversation .
For your sake , I ’ve broken this dialogue up into two parts , the first of which appears below .
The Bride Screamed Murder , the imminent new full - length Melvins album , is the strongest work of the current Big Business - infused lineup and quite possibly the best damn record the band ’s put out since the classic Houdini .
Read on to learn King Buzzo ’s thoughts on the new record , black metal , military cadence , and why U2 are “ a bunch of pussies . ”
This is Gary Suarez calling from MetalSucks .
MetalSucks !
Is n’t that like shooting fish in a barrel ?
[ laughs ]
No , I ’m kidding .
You know , you never run out of content .
Yeah , yeah exactly .
It ’s easy .
Who ’s on your site these days ?
Anything related to , you know , really cheesy black metal bands tends to be talked about at least in some way , shape or form .
They ’re the easiest …
The first thing about those guys is that they ’re just a bunch of nerds .
They ’re the easiest of targets .
Yeah , a bunch of nerds .
Like , I mean , all you have to do is post a promotional pic from them and that ’s it .
Just like , this is their picture .
Go at it , people .
Yeah , none of it ’s very interesting either , musically .
I wish it was a little more interesting .
There ’s a lot of talk about it , but in the end it ’s just pretty boring stuff .
And what I like about that is they ’re black metal , so [ it ’s ] some type of demonology type of thing .
So it ’s like oh , okay , in other words they buy into this whole Christian thing .
Yeah .
I ’d say you guys are way more demonic .
[ laughs ]
I ’d like to think .
Look , if the Devil has nothing to do other than hang around with people like that , then we really have nothing to worry about with him , do we ?
If that ’s the people he ’s hanging out with , ya know , then the Devil is not much of a threat , you know ?
The Devil ’s a nerd .
[ laughs ]
A nerd .
Totally .
Black metal guys are a bunch of nerds in black metal costumes .
At least that ’s the way it ’s always appeared to me .
I suppose maybe if I melted down all of their music , I might be able to come up with a couple songs I thought were okay .
Probably , but who has the time ?
I could n’t be bothered .
I mean , I liked a lot of that stuff , like , as early predecessors to those kinds of things , like Hellhammer I thought was okay .
They had a few things I thought were good , but that was twenty five years ago .
A lot is supposed to have happened since then , you ’d think .
You ’d like to think , you know ?
And they really were doing something that was different , maybe like Venom , something like that ?
I mean after Venom , you had Slayer , coming straight out of Venom .
Which is a nice hybrid .
They listened to Metallica and listened to Venom and made a hybrid , which is kinda cool , but this black metal stuff , it ’s like , why do n’t they find their own youth movement ?
I think Tom Hazelmyer said that about guys with Mohawks .
Like the whole Sha Na Na type of thing at Woodstock , you know ?
But actually the Sha Na Na people are probably more fun to hang around with than the black metallers .
They probably smell better too .
And you do n’t have to listen to a lot of crappy music .
Who would you rather go to Vegas with , Bowzer or a black metal guy ?
Answer is pretty obvious .
The black metal guys would be spending too much time on their makeup .
When I was in–well I still am–but when Fantômas did some tours , we did some shows with a few of those bands .
I think Dark Funeral was one of them .
They cut into their stage time , cuz it was some festival , they cut into their stage time and they told them , “ Look , you guys are gonna lose some stage time ” , because they did n’t have their makeup ready .
So they literally wasted , I think , 10 or 15 minutes of time that would have been of their 45 minutes , because their makeup was n’t quite right yet , with 40,000 people there .
Yeah , but that also means 10 more minutes that people do n’t have to listen to them .
I was there .
I did n’t really listen to them anyway .
I walked away and later I had a run in with the guitar player , from Dark Funeral , where somebody was offering him marijuana and he goes , “ I do n’t smoke nothing but I do drink a shit load of beer . ”
I could n’t have put it better myself .
It ’s like , that ’s very good to explain what your tastes are , sir .
One of my main problems with black metal is that the drumming is horrible .
Bunch of guys sittin ’ there , playing , it ’s like a typewriter .
( mouths blast beat )
They do n’t even break a sweat , you know ?
I do n’t like drummers that do n’t break a sweat .
But they ’re not allowed to break a sweat because then it ’s gonna smear all that stuff .
I guess so , but the drumming is just awful .
Have these bands never seen what a drummer like Keith Moon could do ?
Apparently not .
Or like , even like heavy metal .
That ’s one of the main things I liked about heavy metal to begin with .
Like Judas Priest and Iron Maiden and all that stuff way back when , was the drumming was always good .
And I always thought that that is what we wanted in our band , was a heavy metal drummer .
And that ’s where we got [ Melvins drummer Dale ] Crover .
And yeah , you ’ve got it , I mean –
Here is a guy that understood what was good about a band like Iron Maiden , you know ?
As far as like that kind of element .
Granted , 99 % of their stuff I do n’t like either , but I certainly like the drumming .
I always thought that was great .
And a guy like Dave Lombardo , what does he have over these black metal guys ?
He actually can play drums .
I ’ve seen Fantômas shows before .
I mean , there ’s no doubt , the four of you guys up there , it ’s incredible to watch .
I think the first time I saw you guys was one of your , I think it might have been one of your first New York shows .
You played out at the old Knitting Factory .
Yeah , we did two shows a night .
[ Lombardo ] just went on and on at one point because of the crowd , was just like shouting out Faith No More songs .
And Slayer .
Now they ’re both back in those bands , so … .
Faith No More and Slayer .
So , the worm has turned .
Yeah , but you guys keep chuggin on though , you know ?
No , we do , and we have no interest in stopping .
And why should you ?
Have you actually heard our new record [ The Bride Screamed Murder ] ?
I have and I ’ve gotta say , I think it ’s the best of the three records you ’ve done with the Big Business infused lineup .
I think so too .
I actually think it ’s one of our best records .
I know you ’re kinda critical of your stuff …
Yeah .
Hyper-critical .
I feel it ’s like one of our best records as far as how happy I am with it , but , what you have to remember is , this is usually how it works with me .
Especially after umpteen albums and this many years .
I can usually enjoy the records usually until about the time when they come out .
I move on ya know .
Then it becomes the public ’s album .
And that ’s fine with me too .
Then it becomes something else .
I have to move on to something else and not concern myself with that anymore .
Do you think playing those songs live has an effect on that ?
No , because when you ’re playing it you ’re in the middle of doing it .
And so , I do n’t have to listen to it ; I ’m playing it .
You know what I mean ?
I guess the closest thing is with you , as a journalist , if all you did was read your own stuff …
Yeah , I do n’t wanna read my own stuff .
[ laughs ]
I mean , you will read it , but once you turn the article in , you do n’t go back and read it again .
No , you move on to the next thing .
It ’s the same exact thing , but , having said that , with you , if you want to be a good writer , then you have to reeeaaad .
Read a lot of writers .
You have to go out and be a fan of writing and all that kind of stuff .
Same thing with music .
If I wanna be good at doing what I ’m doing and make interesting music , I have to be a fan of music .
I have to love music .
I have to go out and ya know , work on it 40 hours a week .
The same as everybody else does in their normal job .
I think that makes sense , especially with some of the diversity that you hear on Melvins ’ albums , I mean , you ’ve got those jazzy bits on “ Hospital Up ” , and you ’ve got , I love the Marine style call - and - response on “ The Water Glass ” .
Where did you guys come up with that ?
Something that I thought would be good , quite a while ago actually , and I was like we gotta work that into a song .
Then I got really into those things and started listening to a lot of ‘em , here and there .
And then realized , tried to figure out where these things come from , which I ca n’t figure out .
Exactly what the history of military cadences are , which is what they ’re called believe it or not .
When I really started looking into it a few years ago , the closest thing I could come to is that it was from , uh , it ’s almost like spiritual sounding like gospel music .
If you listen to the way the guy delivers ‘em , I would imagine that they go back to like slave times , ya know ?
Or maybe even Roman .
I do n’t even know .
But God they ’re so good .
They ’re so good .
I just thought that was such a powerful thing .
It works well in the context of what you guys do to .
So it ’s just like you ’re doing this call - and - response and it ’s , ya know , you got these two drummers going …
It ’s so Melvins .
I knew when I wanted to do something like that , what I was gonna have to do [ was ] figure out a way for it to work in a song first off .
And so then what I came up with was the idea of having it be heavy metal drum choir , military cadence .
[ laughs ]
And that ’s the key to making this thing work .
So then we worked very hard on making it a song that would work on its own , and not be a novelty .
So the heavy metal beginning , it does n’t repeat .
I did n’t want it to be a novelty thing .
I wanted it to be a real musical thing .
Be serious and have it be the first thing on the record .
That ’s where it belongs .
That really sets the table for the whole record , I think .
And then you get to that really weird ending on the last song .
It ’s one of the creepiest endings we ’ve ever done .
That whole last song was inspired by …
I do n’t know if you ever saw this movie “ The Proposition . ”
Oh yeah , I ’ve seen that .
That kid , one of the robbers sings that song , acapella .
And it was n’t on the soundtrack .
It ’s in the movie and so I bought the soundtrack hoping that song was on it and it was n’t on it .
I thought that was one of the most incredible things I had seen , certainly in cinema , him singing that song with his brother being whipped .
I just thought that was such a great thing .
I mean , Nick Cave man .
I could n’t believe how good that movie was .
Nick Cave wrote the screenplay .
He did such a great job on that .
I was really surprised .
That was one of my favorite parts in the movie , so I was like , well we gotta record that .
And that ’s like the old standard .
It ’s been around for a hundred years probably .
So we did our own take on it .
I do n’t wanna do , certainly the same thing over and over .
That ’s for sure .
I ’ve said this before , and I ca n’t stress it enough , but we make music we would like as fans .
I do n’t listen to my own records , but I appreciate bands doing things like this .
I always have .
That kind of diversity makes a Melvins album a bit more of an event for the fans .
We know that it ’s not going to be , oh this sounds like the last record .
It ’s not gonna be like that .
No .
I would n’t be happy with that .
And I would n’t be happy as a music fan if other bands did that .
I never am .
Sort of like with The Ramones .
Like you could go through and pick out one albums worth of material from all of their albums and it all sounds the same to me .
Not to take anything away from them , but I do n’t wanna do that .
That was their trip .
I have no interest in that .
I ’m a fan of that , but I do n’t wanna make records like that .
We do n’t have a script that we abide by and we do n’t have any brother bands .
None !
I do n’t feel comfortable in any of those genres .
I like heavy metal and I like the fact that its rebel music , but I certainly do n’t like all of it .
I like punk rock , the stance , the musical ethic stance that they have , and the do - your - own - thing attitude , but I certainly do n’t like all of it .
I like 70s rock , but I certainly do n’t like all of it , you know ?
Just have to pick out what ’s good and the stuff that speaks to you and it could be from anyone .
If Motley Crue put out an album next week and it had all those elements to it that I thought was amazing , I ’d be the first one in line to buy it , cuz there is not enough good music out there for me to be that picky .
If a band does something good , I do n’t care who it is .
I do n’t care if it ’s fuckin’ Justin Timberlake .
I ’m gonna buy it .
I do n’t play those type of games and never have .
I ’ve no interest in that .
Even when we like started listening to punk rock music , we were those type of guys that would go to a Van Halen concert and a Black Flag concert in the same week and have equally as good a time .
Although , at the same time , the arena - level music is what drove me to punk rock because I realized what I was more interested in was things that were a little more intimate .
And I just do n’t think you get that at a place designed for sporting events .
Personally , that ’s not my thing .
What inspired me to play music was the punk rock shows .
In the early 80s , that ’s what made me wanna play music , seeing that kinda stuff .
That had a bigger impact on me than any arena rock show I had seen up to that point , by far .
Whether I like all of it or not .
So I love all those kinds of things .
Huge bands like U2 , they should do a 500 capacity tour of the United States and 75 shows so they can go back and remember what it was like to be a band .
They ’ll never do things like that , regardless of how much money they have in the bank .
They ’ll never do anything that surprises you .
The easiest thing in the world to do is to set up a giant arena rock show .
The hardest thing for them to do is to strip it down to nothing and take it to the Troubadour .
Take it to Irving Plaza with nothing , with the house lights on .
Now prove it to me .
You ’re not gonna see any of these people doing that stuff .
No way .
Why is that ?
The only thing I can think of is it ’s because they ’re a bunch of pussies .
Why do any of these bands that have sold millions and millions of records and literally have more money than God , why ca n’t they give it back in a musical form that would teach people what its like to be a real band ?
If I want that kind of experience I will go to a movie , with visuals and sound effects and storylines .
I do n’t need that in my music .
My favorite shows are the much more intimate shows .
A band like
Who in their heyday , I would have paid three times the amount of money to see them at Irving Plaza than where the fuckin ’
Mets play .
There is just no comparison .
People that think that there is no difference in those type of things ; they speak a different language than I .
I do n’t get it .
I mean we do n’t have enough money to retire on by any means , so we ’ll do shows if they ’re ever offered , like festival shows cuz I need the money .
But if I did n’t need the money , I ’d be shootin ’ my mouth off about whatever I wanted and I would only do shows that I would want to see as a fan , you know ?
I think its still nice though , I mean you are still playing shows … you ’re playing of course to support this album , but then I also notice you ’re playing the Amphetamine Reptile event in Minneapolis this summer .
Absolutely .
We ’re big fans of Tom Hazelmyer and he ’s one of my closest friends and we ’ve done lots and lots of shows with them .
What kind of set are you guys planning for that ?
Anything special ?
Oh God .
I have no idea .
Are you gonna play Prick from start to finish ?
Yeah , we should .
All of the songs we ’ve ever done for “ Am Rep ” .
No , I do n’t know .
I have no idea .
That ’s not til August .
We ’re gonna do this tour , we ’ll probably figure out what we ’re gonna do .
It also depends .
It ’s a lot of bands .
I do n’t know how much time we ’re actually going to have .
Let ’s be realistic about the whole thing .
But even that ’s not a big festival , like maybe 1000 people .
When we go out on tour , in the US especially , we play everywhere .
And I have no problem playing in every town that will have us .
I do n’t care where it is .
Sometimes those are the best shows .
New York is a great place to play .
We have amazing shows there .
We have fans who are really appreciative and I love playing there .
But I also love playing Albuquerque .
You know what I mean ?
Sometimes those are the best shows .
I do n’t know why , it just is .
Sometimes you can have the worst circumstances and play the best shows .
I do n’t know why .
I always chop it into three parts .
One part you play the show .
One third of the shows are unbelievable .
They ’re amazing .
You ca n’t even believe how great it is .
Just everything clicks and it ’s awesome .
That ’s totally why you do it .
Then another third is shows that are good .
That you do n’t really have a problem with .
You had a good time playing and it was fun .
And then the last third is just abysmal .
For whatever reason , just nothing goes right and maybe you ’re not feeling well or who knows what .
There are a million things that can happen .
But that ’s pretty much how it works .
Those three kinds of shows are spread out over a whole course of a tour and you never know where they ’re gonna be .
Just cuz you ’re in Chicago and the place is packed does n’t mean you ’re gonna play good .
You never know .
You could be in Champaign , Illinois the next night and play the best show you ’ve ever played .
It ’s not so much from the audience reaction , it ’s all of it combined .
It ’s not because the place is packed either , it ’s something else .
Music is magic .
It ’s magical .
I do n’t know what it is about it .
Comes from the other side of our brain and then it turns into something else .
It ’s not speech , it ’s communication but it ’s not speech , you know ?
The best music has always inspired me to make music .
It ’s always inspired me .
That ’s what I ’ve always strived to do .
We ’re very serious about we ’re doing .
We ’re very serious about playing as well as we can .
All those kinds of things .
And doing something that meets up to our high standards .
We ’re fuckin’ picky bastards when it comes to that stuff .
Especially with our own stuff .
Pretty high standards of all that .
I ’ve never put out an album I did n’t like .
There might be things on it I did n’t like , but I ’ve always liked it when they ’re done pretty much .
Even if I cant listen to it like that .
Well you like it up to the point until after it ’s released .
It ’s new and fresh and it ’s fun to listen to .
But then , when you hit the road with it , and even [ though ] we finished this record in February , its not gonna come out til June .
So that ’s months that I ’ve lived with the record .
That ’s enough , ya know ?
I do n’t wanna go back and listen to Gluey Porch Treatments .
Fuck that .
No .
Why would you ?
I mean you ’ve done that already .
Although it is still cool .
You did those Houdini shows .
BO : Yea I had to go back and listen to them again .
And you did the Mangled Demos From 1983 shows .
We had to relearn all that stuff .
How did that even come about ?
We always remained friends with Mike [ Dillard ] , who was the drummer and one of my dearest friends for a long time .
We just thought maybe it would be fun .
Jello Biafra ’s Alternative Tentacles had put out the vinyl version of the Mangled Demos .
And so , when he was having his 50th birthday party a couple years ago , we said well maybe we could play .
We were gonna play with Biafra .
And I was like what if we put together a thing where Dale played bass and we had Mike play drums .
Biafra said we can , so we ’ll open both shows .
[ Dillard ’s ] a family man with three kids and he ’s an upper union machinist , so you know , he had scheduling to do .
Then we have to schedule like vacation time around that time .
He came down one weekend to figure out if we could do it or not .
It seemed like it was cool and then we did those shows and then we went to England with him when we were the curators of ATP .
That was great and then last May we did the 25th anniversary shows where we did Houdini .
The other guys in our band –the Big Business guys–were on tour so we did that with Trevor [ Dunn ] and Mike .
We did a thing where we played with him and we did n’t try to jazz it up .
We tried to play the songs as close to as we played ‘em at the time .
[ laughs ]
Which is a lot of fun , you know ?
And then me and Dale did a thing where we played by ourselves and then we brought Trevor out and did the Houdini record and a few other songs .
That was great .
I had a great time doing that .
So our U.S. touring on that tour consisted of New York , Boston , Chicago , Austin , Texas , and Seattle and Portland .
( laughs )
Did n’t you guys play with Green River also ?
Yes , we did two shows with Green River in Seattle .
It was a blast !
I love that kind of stuff .
We had really successful shows there and the audience was great .
Playing Seattle is always a treat , ya know ?
It ’s always fun .
It ’s a blast .
All … the whole northwest area is a blast .
It has been for years , you know ?
No question about it .
Stay tuned for Part Two !!!
The Melvins ’ new album The Bride Screamed Murder will be out June 1 on Ipecac Records .
-GS
The tobacco addiction epidemic is a major public health problem worldwide .
Professor Zhao Baolu and his group from the State Key Laboratory of Brain and Cognitive Science , Institute of Biophysics , Chinese Academy of Sciences set out to tackle this problem .
After 20 years of innovative research , they have developed a novel tea filter to treat cigarette addiction and have discovered the molecular mechanism behind the smoking cessation effect .
They identified theanine as the active ingredient in the tea filter that inhibits nicotine addiction .
Their work entitled " The cessation and detoxification effect of tea filters on cigarette smoke " was published in the X. edition Science of China in 2010 .
Cigarette smoking has been linked to many life threatening diseases including heart disease , cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
There are about 1.25 billion smokers in the world and five million die every year because of smoking - related diseases , exceeding many other diseases combined .
It is estimated that the global cost for smoking - related diseases is about $ 200 billion each year , resulting in one of the world 's largest human public health problems .
Many methods have been developed for smoking cessation by researchers and clinicians .
Despite all efforts , currently available smoking cessation methods produce only modest success rates with frequent relapse .
Due to the addictive nature of nicotine , quitting smoking remains an extremely difficult task .
Therefore , the need for developing new smoking cessation strategies with better efficacy and fewer side effects is urgent .
Human tests using a newly developed tea filter were conducted at the Addiction Branch of Beijing Military Region General Hospital .
A total of more than 100 male smokers participated in this study .
The results from the first trial showed that the participants ' average daily cigarette consumption decreased by about 43 % and 56.5 % after using the tea filters for 1 and 2 months , respectively .
The results from the second trial showed that the participants ' average daily cigarette consumption decreased by about 48 % , 83 % and 91 % after using the tea filters for 1 , 2 and 3 months , respectively .
The average daily cigarettes consumed by the participants decreased from about 24.5 per day to about 3 per day at the end of 3 months of treatment .
In addition , most participants indicated that sputum and their smoking - related symptoms were reduced compared with the control group .
Physical examinations of the participants did not reveal any apparent side effects .
The mechanism of action ( MOA ) studies indicated that theanine in the filter exerted an inhibitory effect similar to the nicotine acetylcholine receptor ( nAChR ) inhibitor .
In addition , theanine could significantly inhibit the nicotine - induced increased expression of nAChR and the increase of the neurotransmitter dopamine ( DA ) released in mouse brains .
The toxicological studies showed that the tea filters could significantly reduce the carcinogenic materials such as tar , free radicals , nitrosamine , benzo [ a ] pyrene , benzo[ a ] anthracene , chrysene and total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) generated in cigarette smoking .
Animal studies also revealed that tea filters could significantly reduce the acute toxicity , mutagenicity , lung damage and carboxyhemoglobin ( COHb ) levels in the blood caused by cigarette smoking .
Different cigarette filters have been developed with the purpose of reducing harmful chemicals such as tar and nicotine in tobacco smoke .
However , a smoker may smoke more cigarettes using these filters , inhale more deeply or decrease the time between puffs to compensate for the desired nicotine intake , leading to exposure to equal or greater doses of the toxic and cancer - causing substances present in cigarette smoke .
Therefore , smoking using these filters is not an alternative for lowering the risk of smoking - related diseases .
Smoking cessation methods , such as nicotine replacement therapy , nAChR partial agonists and antagonists , have been shown to help some smokers quit , but they also have high relapse rates and are perceived as being inconvenient .
They are not easily accepted by the smokers psychologically , affecting the efficacy of their smoking cessation .
The novel tea filter treatment might avoid the pitfalls mentioned above and effectively promote smoking abstinence .
Because it uses the smoking process to help quit smoking , it is easily accepted by smokers , with less psychological obstacles and side effects .
When a smoker is smoking using the tea filter , the inhibitors of the nicotine receptor in the tea filter are absorbed through the respiratory system and travel to the brain where they exert cessation effects .
This smoking cessation process appears as a spiral process .
The smokers get progressively less dependent on nicotine in each smoking cycle , and eventually exit the cycle and quit smoking ( as shown in the Figure ) .
Implementation and promotion of this work will change individuals ' smoking statuses and global smoking statistics , and challenge the concept of smoking addiction .
It will make a great contribution towards reducing smoking - related diseases , public health burdens and pollution .
The development and discovery of this tea filter was a collaborative effort involving many researchers , medical doctors and clinicians from different institutes , universities and hospitals .
This research project was partially supported by a grant from the National Natural Science Foundation of China and a 973 grant from the Department of Science and Technology of China .
It is an important breakthrough in the recent history of tobacco cessation research .
The researchers suggested that their work needs to be practiced and examined in a larger population and the mechanisms behind the nicotine cessation effects of tea and theanine should be further studied .
These efforts will have significant impact on the control of cigarette smoking and the reduction of smoking - related diseases globally .
###
The whole point of the “ Gaza flotilla ” was to get a reaction out of Israel and call international attention to the problem of the blockade of Gaza .
Israeli officials described it as “ a provocation ” and I ’m not sure that was entirely incorrect : like all other acts of civil disobedience it was designed to provoke a response .
I ’m shocked but not surprised that the Israeli military , which was determined to prevent those ships from reaching the Gaza port , managed to mishandle the situation so badly that , as present report stand , at least 10 flotilla participants were killed and 60 injured .
The Israelis claim that the ships had weapons on board and that their commandos were attacked with sticks and knives and had to defend themselves .
I do n’t think anyone in the world with the least degree of critical rationality is going to take this explanation at face value .
It ’s been rendered even more fatuous by the extraordinary hyperbole coming out of Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , who claimed that flotilla members were connected not only to Hamas , but to Al Qaeda !
Next they will be telling us these were members of the Nazi party .
It wo n’t wash .
Flotilla organizers are no doubt shocked , horrified and appalled by the way this has turned out .
But if they were engaged in classic civil disobedience , their action has actually produced some version of the intended result .
If the point is to provoke a reaction , and indeed an overreaction , to make a point , they have succeeded beyond their wildest imagination .
This bloodbath is likely to create sustained international attention to the way Israel has treated the Gaza Strip in a way that nothing else has since the Gaza war and possibly since the beginning of the blockade .
Compare it to the “ Mississippi Freedom Summer ” in which young white Americans from around the country went to the bastion of Jim Crow in order to organize local African - Americans , register them to vote , educate them and confront segregation .
They knew it was a dangerous situation , and they were shocked but not surprised when James Chaney , Michael Schwerner , and Andrew Goodman were abducted and killed by the KKK as the project just got going .
There were many other acts of quasi - official violence meted out to the volunteers , and while the organizers obviously would have preferred to have avoided all of that , they expected it and it was part of their strategy .
The largely but not entirely unstated reasoning was that the country would continue to ignore massive violence directed towards the African - American community in Mississippi , but could and would not remain oblivious to similar violence directed towards young , white , middle - class college students from New York City and other metropolitan centers .
This , indeed , proved the case .
The violence directed at the Mississippi Freedom Summer shocked the conscience of the country and was among the numerous decisive moments in the civil rights movement that ultimately succeeded in dismantling the apparatus of formalized racism in the United States .
I do n’t think the analogy is terribly strained , though obviously it ’s merely about strategy and not a political or moral comparison .
The flotilla activists knew they were sailing towards a confrontation with the Israeli military .
They also knew how the Israeli military deals with anyone , including civilians , who challenge its arrangements in Gaza .
Let me venture that the idea was that if anything dreadful should happen to the activists on the ships , it would focus attention and international coverage and concern on the violence that underlies the Gaza blockade in a way that could not be generated by Israel ’s violence towards the local population in Gaza .
I think that ’s clearly going to prove the case .
Tohar HaNeshek , the “ purity of arms ” that the Israeli military boasts of , has many times over proven itself to be a hollow , meaningless doctrine , and today it is in greater disrepute than ever .
I doubt the incredible , historic , blunder of the way in which the Israeli military has mishandled the Gaza flotilla will end the siege or fundamentally change the realities regarding the Gaza Strip .
However , I do think it will have a lasting impact on Israel ’s international reputation .
Israelis are concerned about “ delegitimization , ” and so they should be .
Their own army just made the biggest contribution to the process of delegitimization we ’ve seen in a very long time .
Even if they are able to produce plausible evidence that some of the flotilla passengers were holding sticks , or even knives , where they were being boarded , it ’s not going to convince anyone that so many people had to be killed and injured to seize a few ships .
Somali piracy has usually even avoided this kind of death toll .
I ’m not sure how Israel is going to be able to live this down .
It will have significant and serious long - term implications , and if the organizers of the flotilla were hoping to engineer a major public relations event , they certainly got their way .
Welcome to the Friar !
Try the veal !
You must include a low quality stream of no more than 64 Kbps for your app to resort to when network conditions demand it , along with the higher quality streams you want to deliver to your customers when the network can support it .
We could hear the echoing howls of discontent over the weekend as thousands finally received their very own iPad 3G and learned they could n't watch Dancing With the Stars whilst on the go .
Now we have the details on why , exactly , and the repercussions .
As it turns out , it 's simply a carry - over of an iPhone OS HTTP Live Streaming rule that states quite clearly :
It seems the ABC Player devs chose to skip that option , so when you lose WiFi you also lose Tom Bergeron 's charm and wit .
Other apps , like Netflix and YouTube , do provide a lower bitrate fallback , but that of course results in nasty compression artifacts when on the go .
In other words : there 's a very good chance that 3G streaming will come in a future ABC Player release , but when it does it ain't gonna be pretty .
Flanked by civil rights and union leaders , Sen. Robert Menendez , D - N.J. , announced April14 at a Capitol Hill press conference , legislation that would strengthen worker and immigrant rights .
Menendez said the POWER Act ( Protect Our Workers from Exploitation and Retaliation ) was written in response to numerous reports from around the country that employers use the threat of deportation and immigration raids to retaliate against workers who speak up for their rights on the job .
One such story comes from Daniel Castellanos , an engineer from Lima , Peru .
Castellanos was recruited to work in New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , when 1000s of Gulf Coast residents were looking for work and housing .
“ Daniel ’s employer paid half the wages of a U.S. worker , subjected the workers to atrocious conditions , and counted on their fear of deportation to keep them quiet .
When Daniel led the workers in a public fight for respect and dignity , the employer fired him .
This bill would protect Daniel and others like him so they can speak out without fear or trepidation against abusive employers .
This bill would help our economy by making sure American workers and immigrant workers are treated fairly alike , ” Menendez said .
There are numerous examples of abuse by employers using workplace raids as a bludgeon to keep “ workers in their place ” and maximize their rate of profit .
Civil rights leaders , including the Rev. Jesse Jackson , and union leaders supported Menendez ’s move because the POWER
Act would provide vital labor protections and guard workers against employer retaliation .
“ The POWER Act will provide courageous workers with the necessary tools to ensure that their rights to organize and work in a safe and lawful work environment are protected , ” said Marielena Hincapié , executive director of the National Immigration Law Center .
Hincapié said abusive employers know they can use deportation threats to thwart union organizing , and keep workers in line if they dare speak out about wages or unsafe working conditions .
“ This undercuts other employers and creates a ‘ race to the bottom ’ that America can ill - afford , ” she said .
The “ race to the bottom , ” experts say , is a contributing factor to the stagnant wages and growing wealth gap U.S. workers have experienced in the last decades .
In a statement , SEIU Executive Vice President Eliseo Medina welcomed the bill and spoke of his own family ’s experience in the “ race to the bottom . ”
“ I know this story all too well .
My family came to this country in the 1950s under the notorious Bracero program that brought in needed farm help , but did not provide protections from abusive employers , low wages and terrible working conditions .
Over the decades , our immigration laws have changed , but the ability of unscrupulous employers to threaten workers with abuse , deportation or withholding of wages has not . ”
Medina said U.S. - born workers are hurt by the abuse as well , and do n’t gain rights or more wages from workplace raids and threats of deportation .
“ When some workers are easy to exploit , it depresses wages and creates dangerous working conditions for all .
Nobody wins–not American workers , not immigrants and certainly not well - intended business owners who play by the rules , ” he said .
The bill ’s introduction comes at the same time a broad - based immigrant and labor rights coalition is mobilizing for comprehensive immigration reform , which would include a path to legalization and citizenship , workplace and civil rights and family reunification .
To read about the key provisions of the POWER Act , go to , National Immigration Law Center .
More stories on workplace raids and immigrant worker abuse at peoplesworld.org :
Largest - ever workplace raid terrorizes 600 workers in Miss .
Study finds workplace raids unlawful
Meatpackers union sues on immigration raids
No justice , no pizza !
Used and abused : guest workers and U.S. immigration reform
Photo :
After a workplace raid at a kosher meatpacking plant in the town of Postville , Iowa , some 1,200 people protested the treatment of immigrant workers .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/ellenmac/
/ CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
EXCLUSIVE : I hear Fox is canceling The Wanda Sykes Show after one season .
The late - night talk show started off strong but tumbled in the ratings as the season went on and fell below the performance of predecessor MadTV in the Saturday 11 PM hour .
MadTV creators Fax Bahr and Adam Small .
Coincidentally , Fox aired MadTV and Spike Feresten ’s talk show in late - night on Saturday before canceling them last spring and launching The Wanda Sykes Show .
But the two new sketch shows were not developed specifically for late night .
Sources said Fox is also considering them for primetime , possibly on Fridays or Saturdays .
UPDATE : I hear Fox has already passed on the Carvey / Feresten pilot .
OLKILUOTO , Finland 
As the Obama administration tries to steer America toward cleaner sources of energy , it would do well to consider the cautionary tale of this new - generation nuclear reactor site .
The massive power plant under construction on muddy terrain on this Finnish island was supposed to be the showpiece of a nuclear renaissance .
The most powerful reactor ever built , its modular design was supposed to make it faster and cheaper to build .
And it was supposed to be safer , too .
But things have not gone as planned .
After four years of construction and thousands of defects and deficiencies , the reactor ’s 3 billion euro price tag , about $ 4.2 billion , has climbed at least 50 percent .
And while the reactor was originally meant to be completed this summer , Areva , the French company building it , and the utility that ordered it , are no longer willing to make certain predictions on when it will go online .
While the American nuclear industry has predicted clear sailing after its first plants are built , the problems in Europe suggest these obstacles may be hard to avoid .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 21/5/2010 ( 3785 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
SEVENTY years ago this May and June , northern France was over - run by a combined air and land assault the Germans called blitzkrieg .
Two things are known with certainty by those who can remember and those who have learned — even if imperfectly .
As one earnest undergraduate put it : " The Germans took the bypass around France ’s Marginal Line " as part of their strategy of " Blintz Krieg . "
Well , the idea is there .
The first certainty is the armed forces of the Third French Republic were defeated in six weeks .
The second is the defeat led to the immediate collapse of the Republic and the advent of Marshal Philippe Pétain 's Vichy government , a short - lived ( 1940 - 1944 ) but murderous regime that collaborated with the Nazis and deported thousands of Jews for slaughter .
Neither the suddenness of the defeat nor its consequences are in doubt .
But because the collapse was so sudden and unexpected , and the consequences so vile , a body of dubious " knowledge " has arisen and endured .
It is that which has so coloured popular impressions of pre-war , war - time , even contemporary France .
Simply recall the famous and worn jests : " How many Frenchmen does it take to guard Paris ?
Nobody knows , it 's never been tried ; " or " Raise your right hand if you like the French .
Raise both hands if you are French ; " or What do you call 100,000 Frenchmen with their hands up ?
The Army . "
Many readers will be familiar with the post - 1940 exploits of courageous partisan units defying the German Occupation and operating under the generic expression of the French Resistance .
But most will not recall the Free Press articles of 10 May and 15 June 1940 , articles which attributed to the fighting " a ferocity which defies imagination , " and which described allied resistance as worthy of " inexpressible admiration . "
Few now know that there were some 100,000 French soldiers and airmen who did not surrender .
They died .
Fewer still will know that almost 50,000 German soldiers and airmen also died under fire .
So much for the popular notion that the French army folded like a warm croissant .
Why , then , has ignorance bred faith ?
Partly because neither of the post -1945 Republics , the Fourth and the Fifth , could see any advantage in rehabilitating a predecessor linked directly to military defeat and indirectly to collaboration with the Nazis .
Best leave their predecessor in ignominy .
Partly because the post - war scramble among former decision - makers of the Third , both civilian and military , to blame someone , anyone , else for the disaster , ensured that the stain would be widespread .
Partly because it seemed obvious that a great defeat had to have great causes , ones that surpassed the battlefield and implicated the entire nation .
It is this third that explains why so many observers were quick , if only after the fact , to pick up the scent of moral rot : a society which , since the 1920s , had surrendered to the pursuit of pleasure and self - indulgence long before it would surrender to the Germans .
This , to be sure , is caricature , its sharp profile in need of sanding down with fact .
That student was right to say the heavy fortifications of the Maginot Line were outflanked , not broken , despite the best efforts of Luftwaffe bombers whose post- victory crews were mortified to see the ineffectiveness of their ordinance .
Those crews had sustained heavy casualties at the hands of allied - principally French - fighter planes and anti-aircraft artillery : more than 500 German bombers destroyed by 25 June , or 30 per cent of the machines operational on 10 May when the offensive in the west began .
Their comrades on the ground were equally tested , particularly between late May and the armistice of 22 June when French resistance on the Somme , Aisne , Moselle , Seine and Loire intensified .
To be sure , the killing was not equal , the French with 123,000 dead , the Germans with only 49,000 - including among the latter those who died under the 450 allied bombing sorties launched in that single week between 28 May and 4 June .
Nor was the wounding equal , the French with 250,000 , the Germans with only 111,000 .
What are the chances that a combined casualty rate of over half a million men in six weeks , more than 10,000 per day , might finally lift the fog that still lingers over the French surrender ?
But if the resistance was more intense than is often supposed , with what did they fight ?
The Maginot Line , it is commonly believed , was a white elephant , tribute to a static notion of warfare that was demolished by a war of movement .
The French , many still believe , had no tanks , no aircraft , few if any modern weapons .
But the Line , built in part to economize on defenders ' lives after the terrible bloodbath of the First World War , was designed from the start to serve as a hinge for a mobile plunge further north , across the border and deep into Belgium to confront a German offensive from that direction .
Though French planners seriously over - rated the natural defensive potential of the Ardennes Forest - where the German breakthrough of 12 - 15 May actually occurred - the Line was inspired by the natural desire to avert another war on French soil by employing mobile forces , rather than rejecting them .
Indeed , it was only two days after the motorized infantry and artillery of General Giraud 's 7th army had begun its rapid advance north - eastward into Belgium to confront the offensive prong represented by the 30 divisions of General von Bock 's Army Group B , that the 44 divisions of the second German prong under General von Rundstedt - including 7 armoured divisions - were unleashed south - westerly through the Ardennes .
Though French planners had once been behind the curve when it came to envisaging light and heavy armoured units acting independently of the infantry , they had made extraordinary gains in production and assembly in 1939 - 40 .
They had even achieved a slight numerical superiority over the Germans by the outset of the campaign , and had begun to produce models more heavily armoured and armed -- though slower and harder on fuel -- than most of the machines in the vaunted Panzer divisions .
While the celebrated Panzer III tank was 20 tons by weight , including 30 mm armour and a 37 mm cannon , the Somua S35 had 56 mm of protective armour and a 47 mm cannon , and the Char B was a 32 - ton leviathan with 60 mm of armour and a 75 mm cannon .
Even in the air , the French record was far from abysmal .
Against a significantly superior Luftwaffe that outnumbered them two to one , French fighters flew more than 300 sorties a day in the first week of June alone , and inflicted a 30 per cent rate of destruction against the Ju-87 dive - bombers and the Messerschmitt fighters .
So despite Germany 's unequivocal victory , the skies were not empty , casualties on land and in the air were heavy , and almost all of the laying down of arms came after , not before , the armistice .
Any review of the military events of 1940 inevitably leads to some appraisal of the pre-war condition .
If resistance were actually intense , in will and in weapon , what might this suggest about a people said to have been so gutted by the experience of the First World War that all they wanted to do was enrich and amuse themselves ?
How does it square with contemporary reports that , contrary to the musing of latter - day prophets , they went to war in September 1939 with confidence and determination ?
The American ambassador reckoned the nation 's " self control and quiet courage " to be " far beyond the usual standard of the human race . "
Foreign journalists were struck by the fact that there were almost no incidents of reservists failing to report for duty .
Janet Flanner judged the nation 's morale " excellent " for being " intelligent , not emotional . "
If there was no enthusiasm for war , neither was there panic , nor presentiment of disaster - which is why , when it came , one instant autopsy followed another in desperate bids to discover , after the fact , what had been missed before .
Had French intelligence overlooked the buildup of German arms under Hitler , or misunderstood how they would be used ?
No , it had monitored German rearmament since the 1920s , and was clear on the principles of what later came to be called blitzkrieg .
Had it misunderstood Hitler 's intentions , or allowed successive French administrations to become complacent about the nation 's security ?
No again .
The warnings were legion and accelerating since 1936 .
Had those administrations failed in their post - Depression responsibilities by refusing to invest in the most modern instruments of war or in the industrial infrastructure needed to produce them ?
Again , the answer is no .
Between January 1937 and September 1939 , the French tank force had leaped from 162 machines to more than 2,200 .
The numbers of 25 - mm anti-tank guns had risen from 1,800 to more than 2,600 , while the arsenal of 75 - mm anti-aircraft guns had tripled to nearly 400 .
In September 1938 with a monthly production of only 39 modern planes , the air command said war would mean its annihilation within a fortnight .
By September 1939 monthly production was 285 .
By May 1940 , French production of modern combat aircraft had surpassed 600 , only a whisker away from German production ; and it is in those production figures that one finds an explanation for why the French air force actually doubled in size between the onset of war and the armistice - this despite the loss of 2,000 planes during the six - week campaign .
Was there then something inherently flawed in the character of the country 's leaders , or something missing in their inner constitutions that made them ill - suited for war - time leadership ?
Not unless being decorated war veterans from 1914 - 18 - as more than two - thirds of the French cabinet were - somehow disqualified them for war - time office .
Edouard Daladier , Prime Minister between April 1938 and March 1940 , was one such .
As an article in the Free Press of 2 September 1939 reported , Daladier had already seen " about as much front - line fighting ... as any man could . "
His commander - in - chief , General Maurice Gamelin , also received high marks from the same paper .
Correspondent Harold Moore told the paper 's readers that Gamelin , another veteran of the First World War , had assembled what was reputed to be " the finest army in Europe . "
How then to reconcile all that made France 's defeat unlikely and unpredicted with her undeniable collapse ?
At the outset it might be worth remarking that this defeat was not singular , as the Poles , the Danes , the Norwegians , the Dutch , the Belgians , even the English survivors from Dunkirk , would attest .
As for the French themselves , the military and civilian leadership , there were certainly errors of judgment .
Some of them were long - term and abiding .
They underestimated the speed with which armoured vehicles could negotiate the hilly , forested terrain of the Ardennes , an underestimation that left them content to install only light fortifications across that sector , and to deploy behind those defences only reserve infantry divisions of mainly middle - aged troops .
Those miscalculations , in turn , were magnified by the related strategy of rapidly advancing the mobile left flank into Belgium at the first sign of a German assault , a plan which ensured that some of their best forces - including one of their three light mechanized divisions - were moving away from France in one direction just before seven panzer divisions started moving toward France in the opposite direction .
Significant , too , was the fact that their rearmament program was slower than what the future proved was necessary , partly because the country had emerged later from the world economic Depression than most great powers , and partly because that bitter experience had inspired a commandment for fiscal prudence .
Moreover , and contrary to the notion that the French were technologically backward , their acute appreciation of the speed of technological change actually encouraged delaying mass production of the most modern weapons - tanks and fighter planes especially - until a crisis seemed imminent and their deployment more likely to determine the war 's outcome .
Related in various ways to all of the foregoing was the signal failure in May 1940 to comprehend quickly enough the lightning pace of the early campaign .
Having for too long concentrated on maximizing the armour and armaments on their own tanks - at the expense of speed and fuel range - the French high command could not adjust in a matter of weeks to the distances that enemy armour could traverse , its course paved in advance by the destructive intrusions of the German assault bombers .
Calculations of the enemy 's capacity for reaching its targets with adequate fuel and infantry support were consistently out by hours , a half - day , even a day .
And related to this , in turn , was the interwar air command 's too - prolonged fascination with strategic bombers , and the attendant playing down of fighter aircraft and of the on - field impact of dive bombers .
They were not ignorant of any of these instruments of modern warfare .
They knew , but blinded by the certainty that they were right , they had not understood .
The German victory remains a victory , and the French loss , a loss .
But what has happened over the past 70 years , particularly over the past 30 , has amounted to a slow and meticulous reappraisal of what actually happened in May - June 1940 .
Gone are the days of titles such as The Unfought Battle ( 1968 ) .
Today , current scholarship is in the process of dismantling the allegations that have so long supplied the comic with his bag of satirical jibes at France and the French .
Slowly , the image of 100,000 Frenchmen with hands in the air is being replaced by the image of 123,000 gravestones .
Robert Young is professor emeritus of history at the University of Winnipeg .
His latest book is An American By Degrees .
The Extraordinary Lives of French Ambassador Jules Jusserand .
It recently won the Alexander Isbister Prize for Non-Fiction awarded by the Manitoba Writers Guild .
A late decision by the Financial Times to refuse to publish an advert hostile to the oil company Shell has outraged the UK branch of Amnesty International .
The paper left it until the last possible moment to pull the hard - hitting ad , which was due to appear today to coincide with Shell 's annual meeting in London .
The ad , shown here , accuses Shell of an appalling human rights record in Nigeria .
Next to a wine glass overflowing with oil , it reads : " While Shell toasts $ 9.8 bn profits , the people of the Niger Delta are having to drink polluted water .
They 're also having to grow crops in polluted soil .
To catch fish in polluted rivers .
And to raise children in polluted homes .
So if you 've got shares in Shell , ask the board to explain themselves when they raise their glasses at today 's agm .
Cheers . "
Amnesty , writing about the FT 's decision on its website , claims that " numerous oil spills , which have not been adequately cleaned up , have left local communities [ in Nigeria ] with little option but to drink polluted water , eat contaminated fish , farm on spoiled land , and breathe in air that stinks of oil and gas . "
Tim Hancock , Amnesty International UK 's campaigns director , is quoted as saying :
The decision by the Financial Times is extremely disappointing .
We gave them written reassurances that we would take full responsibility for the comments and opinions stated in the advertisement .
Both The Metro and the Evening Standard had no problems with running the ad .
But an FT spokesman , quoted by Press Gazette , said : " Editorially , the FT was more than willing to run the advertisement for Amnesty .
Unfortunately , whilst Amnesty gave us written assurances that they would take full responsibility for the comments and opinions stated in the advertisement , it became apparent that Amnesty 's lawyers had not had a proper opportunity to advise Amnesty on those opinions .
As a result , from a legal perspective we were unable to rely on Amnesty 's assurances . "
Amnesty 's Hancock explained that the funds to pay for the advertisements came from more than 2,000 individuals online .
" I am sure these supporters will share with us our sense of deep disappointment , " he said .
Amnesty International also today launched an online video focusing on Shell 's practice of gas flaring ( the burning of gas produced as part of oil extraction ) in the same region .
Index on Censorship also weighed in on Amnesty 's behalf .
A blog entry on its website refers to " sources " who say the paper " variously claimed that it was wary of libel claims and that the ad might be in poor taste , as some readers might mistake the oil in the glass for blood . "
The blogger , Padraig Reidy , writes : " It 's extremely unlikely that Shell would sue .
The company is quite keen on promoting its social credentials , and even a successful trip to court would more than likely involve an unpleasant trawl through the unfortunate effects of the oil industry . "
He then asks : " Was it a commercial decision ?
Again , who knows ?
Big oil companies tend not to be so thin - skinned that they would pull money from a prestige publication such as the FT merely because it had carried a critical advert . "
And he concludes : " It is genuinely quite hard to think of a good reason for the FT to pull this ad . "
I think I agree too .
The explanation from the FT spokesman is less than transparent .
Now , what was the paper 's old promotional slogan ?
No FT , No Comment .
Perhaps a new one would read : No FT ad , No Knowledge .
Because he 's holding a book , I mean .
The existence of this blog , Hot Guys Reading Books , suggests that many women might indeed want to bump on the basis of books alone .
Advertisement
The site may implicitly endorse the idea that women are attracted to softer and fuzzier qualities or the stories around things , while men simply want tits and ass ( The New Yorker 's Book Bench blog notes the Liz Lemon - esque dimensions of the concept ) .
But there 's clearly something going on here , even as a niche taste .
( And of course , niche is what Internet eye candy is all about . )
And the author does spend plenty of time evaluating the physiques of the subjects , in addition to the titles of their books .
Advertisement
Throughout Hot Guys Reading Books , the creator begs for submissions and gripes that she has resorted to taking her own photos .
That may be because people find it creepy , or it may be for the same reason that anyone might find the site titillating : a guy reading is seen as being like a unicorn .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
After a recently reignited debate about women , men , and reading — centered on whether alleged female domination of book publishing was driving men away from the bookshelves — Amanda Marcotte pointed out on Slate 's Double X blog ,
Reading fits the socialization patterns of women more than men .
Boys are brought up from a young age not only to believe that reading is for sissies , but also that their desires and entertainments can be obtrusive and uninterrupted .
Girls are brought up to be bookworms , and , in part , it 's because it 's a quiet past - time .
The stigma attached to reading falls away for men as they grow up , but they do n't stop feeling entitled to entertainment that is loud and engrossing enough that it can't simply be dropped because a chore has to be done or a family member needs attention .
Advertisement
So maybe , slightly perversely ( given history ) , getting hot and bothered over a guy reading is just about liking his subversion of gender norms .
Hot Guys Reading Books [ Tumblr ]
These Are A Few Of My Favorite Things [ New Yorker / Book Bench ]
Why Do Women Read So Much ? [ Slate / XX ]
Why Men Don't Read Books [ Salon ]
Sir Tim Berners - Lee said he was delighted by the decision Mapping agency Ordnance Survey ( OS ) has launched a service offering free and unrestricted access to most of its map data .
After months of public consultation , OS OpenData was launched on 1 April by Communities Secretary John Denham .
He said he hoped it would attract " a new wave of entrepreneurs " to reuse the data in innovative ways .
However Ramblers , the walkers group , has expressed disappointment that OS ' paper maps have not been included .
" We are very disappointed that the walkers maps have been left out of it , " said a spokesperson from the group .
The group had lobbied for the inclusion of the paper map ranges - called Explorer and Landranger - during the consultation , he added .
The maps retail for up to £ 15 in shops and walkers describe them as essential guides .
Guardian newspaper journalist and campaigner for free data Charles Arthur agreed that the omission made OS OpenData " not quite all we hoped for " but said that overall he was very impressed with the initiative .
" It 's going to be the acid test of how making a product free can expand the market and generate new commercial services .
We view it as a big win for the Free Our Data campaign , " he told BBC News .
National interest Ordnance Survey said the decision to leave out the paper maps was " in the national interest " .
" There was concern that by giving away the 1:25,000 and 1:50,000 maps you would undermine the continued provision of a nationwide paper map series , " said a spokesperson .
" It is in the national interest to have a nationwide paper map . "
OS OpenData exists alongside an earlier data sharing scheme called OS OpenSpace , which is also available for free but operates with limitations .
In the past people have used it to create safe cycling routes , as well as maps detailing local post and phone boxes .
OS OpenData has been funded by the government and is the result of the " Making Public Data Public " initiative announced by PM Gordon Brown in November 2009 .
Web creator Sir Tim Berners - Lee and Professor Nigel Shadbolt , two key figures behind data .gov.uk , a project to open up almost all data acquired for official purposes , welcomed the move .
" I 'm delighted that the Ordnance Survey is releasing this data for free re-use , " said Sir Tim .
Mr Denham said the new scheme placed the UK at the " cutting edge of a digital revolution " .
" The changes signal a wider cultural change in Government based on an assumption that information should be in the public domain unless there is a good reason not to - not the other way around , " he added .
" Greater openness , accountability and transparency in Government will give people greater choice and make it easier for individuals to get more directly involved in issues that matter to them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you are too daring , aim too high and dream too big for the establishment , then we want to hear from you .
To submit a proposal for a project click here .
In his first interview since walking away from NBC’s “ Tonight Show , " Conan O’Brien tells “ 60 Minutes ” Sunday night that he believes he was not given a fair chance to prove he could succeed and that money may have been the reason NBC decided to bring Jay Leno back to late - night television .
Mr. O’Brien granted the interview to the CBS correspondent Steve Kroft under the provision that it could not be broadcast until after May 1 , because in his departure agreement with NBC he was prohibited from appearing on television or any other form of media until after that date .
In the interview , Mr. Kroft presses Mr. O’Brien about his view of Mr. Leno ’s move to return to late - night television , and while he says he cannot get inside Mr. Leno ’s head , Mr. O’Brien does implicitly criticize his former NBC colleague for reversing his previous position that he was giving up the “ Tonight Show . "
“ If I had surrendered ’ The Tonight Show ’ and handed it over to somebody publicly and wished them well , ” Mr. , O’Brien says , referring to Mr. Leno ’s on - the - air hand - off of the show to Mr. O’Brien last May , “ and then ... six months later .
... ” Mr. O’Brien adds , referring to Mr. Leno ’s willingness to return to the show .
FALKLANDS : The Rockhopper oil rig before it was towed into position off the Falklands
Rockhopper Exploration said it was “ extremely excited ” after data collected from one of its controversial off - shore wells “ indicated an oil discovery ” .
The news sent the com­pany ’s share price soaring but diplomatic experts said the oil bonanza will only stoke Argentine claims to sovereignty over the islands .
GENERAL ELECTION 2010 : GET THE LATEST NEWS AND ANALYSIS HERE ...
Alan Mendoza , of the foreign relations think - tank the Henry Jackson Society , said : “ Argentina will say they have rights to the Falklands whether or not there is oil there .
This will not reduce that , it will likely lead to further confrontations . ”
Britain ’s victory in the Falklands War in 1982 dampened Argentina ’s attempts to take control of the South Atlantic islands .
But Anglo - Argentine relations have become strained once again .
Doctors can cause blood pressure to rise
The ' white - coat ' effect - where blood pressure rises during a check by a doctor - is even worse in someone whose level is already high , researchers say .
The effect is due to patients becoming stressed by being in a doctor 's surgery or a hospital .
Writing in the British Medical Journal , an Australian team say giving people a cuff to wear for 24 hours is a better way of checking blood pressure .
A UK expert said it showed clearly that external factors affected readings .
Many people feel slightly anxious when going to see a doctor
Professor Graham MacGregor , Blood Pressure Association
High blood pressure affects about 40 % of adults in the UK and is a major risk factor for heart attack , heart failure , kidney disease and stroke .
In 2001 , 90 million prescriptions for blood pressure lowering drugs were issued by the NHS at a cost of £ 840 million .
It can either be measured in a clinical setting , or by the patient wearing a cuff as they go about their daily lives - known as ambulatory blood pressure checks .
The researchers monitored over 8,500 patients who were being assessed at 11 blood pressure clinics around Australia .
They compared ambulatory blood pressure measurements with those taken by doctors and nurses and found that there can be a difference of as much as 29 units if a doctor checked it , compared with a rise of 17 units if a nurse took the measurement .
The differences also varied depending on the sex and age of the patient .
However , the study also found that the closer the patient 's blood pressure to normal levels , the less of a difference between measurements taken by ambulatory monitoring and those taken by a nurse or doctor .
No ' one size fits all '
Professor Arduino Mangoni , who recently joined the University of Aberdeen from Flinders University in Adelaide , said : " Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring is the tool of choice to correctly diagnose high blood pressure .
" Clearly , if you 're going to be treating a person for the rest of their life , you want to get the readings right , and often the reading in the doctor 's office is much higher . "
Professor Mangoni said the fact there was a difference between doctors ' readings and ambulatory measurements was already known - but the surprise finding was how big the gap was for those with high blood pressure .
He said the team 's findings should be used to help shape new blood pressure monitoring guidelines .
" Current guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of hypertension do n't pay enough attention to the role of ambulatory monitoring , often adopting a one - size - fits - all approach which does n't properly address different patient groups . "
Writing in the BMJ , Professor Richard McManus , a cardiovascular expert from the University of Birmingham , said a patient 's care should be managed using clinic - based and ambulatory measurements , taking into account where the test was done and by whom .
Professor Graham MacGregor , chairman of the Blood Pressure Association , said : " This is interesting research which clearly illustrates how external factors such as environment and who is checking blood pressure can have a significant impact on blood pressure readings .
" Many people feel slightly anxious when going to see a doctor , which is why we have always encouraged blood pressure measuring at home as well as in the clinic , and promotes the use of home blood pressure monitors and ambulatory testing where indicated .
" This research may well be considered as part of the review of the NICE [ National Institute of health and Clinical Excellence ] guidelines for the treatment of hypertension which is currently being conducted , and will be released next year . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Challenge
FWAAR 's Cotacachi Project addresses the need for emergency refuge for women victims of domestic violence in the rural Andean region of Cotacachi , Ecuador and serving as an intergral part of the Cotacachean Interfamilial Violence Network , the shelter will work to strengthen the already profound efforts to eliminate gender violence and promote women 's empowerment in the community .
Solution
FWAAR 's role in the Cotacachi Project is two - fold .
FWAAR seeks to generate substantial donations to financially facilitate the development of the women 's shelter and provide our Ecuadorian partner organizations with comprehensive research .
Long - Term Impact
The FWAAR Cotacachi Project works to eliminate violence against women and children , and , until that happens , to provide safety and support to survivors of that violence as they take control of their own lives .
Additional Documentation
This project has provided additional documentation in a PDF file ( projdoc.pdf ) .
Resources
Rising Star and BedTimeFlirt.com have done something quite extraordinary by creating a No More Heroes 2 : Desperate Struggle themed lingerie ( 0_0 ) .
The Lingerie is inspired from the female characters of No More Heroes 2 : Desperate Struggle – Shinobu , Sylvia and Naom .
Martin Defries , managing director of Rising Star Games , said ,
No More Heroes 2 is all about style .
Designed by legendary creative director Suda 51 , it ’s a game which effortlessly exudes cool – and we wanted to offer fans of the game the opportunity to replicate that cool in real life .
The team at Bedtime Flirt has done a tremendous job in replicating the characters from the game – and we expect the range to to be hugely popular .
Head over to bedtimeflirt.com for more pics .
" This is an indication that the king means business , " he said .
" The majority of the government see that things are not going to be the same as they were before . "
Time to Turn to Jeb ?
In watching TV news accounts of the recent American disasters – a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , a fatal mine explosion in West Virginia , continuing economic fallout from Wall Street excesses , worsening fears about the impact of the massive U.S. debt – I was struck by the absence of one name : George W. Bush .
Email
Printer friendly
It was as if the mainstream journalists were following an unwritten rule : that is , whatever the relevance , the former President was not to be mentioned as a culprit in these catastrophes .
Even when there were references to how the problems had been getting worse for 10 years at the Mineral Management Services , the federal agency which has been rubber - stamping plans for deepwater oil rigs , it was as if no one was willing to do the math and calculate who was in charge during most of that time .
Similarly , when the nation ’s $ 1.2 trillion budget deficit was discussed as a grave threat to the economy , it was never mentioned how the nation got to this point , how the Congressional Budget Office had been projecting $ 850 billion annual surpluses when Bush took over in 2001 .
Back then , Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was fretting about the technical complexities for the Fed to set interest rates if the U.S. government paid off its entire debt .
Well , that was one “ problem ” that Bush solved .
The simple truth is that Bush ’s policies , implemented by Republican - dominated Congresses in the first half of the last decade , set the stage for all the recent catastrophes – debt caused by massive tax cuts for the wealthy and wars paid for by credit card , hostility toward government regulation of industry ( and especially the coal and oil industries ) , blind faith in the “ magic of the market ” to set things right .
Yet , the major U.S. news media behaves as if this context must be blacked - out .
Bush - 43 must get a pass and the blame must be dumped on President Barack Obama for having “ failed ” to fix these problems in the past 16 months .
And I think I have a sense why .
Whenever I write a story connecting current crises with Bush ’s policies , I get angry e-mails , calling me an Obama apologist who wo n’t stop picking on Bush .
I ’m sure if I get such complaints , a correspondent at CNN or another big - time outlet gets many , many more .
So , it makes sense , career - wise , to avoid the Bush - bashing accusations in the first place and simply leave Bush ’s name out of the debate .
There ’s also the broader pressure that has distorted the U.S. press corps over the past several decades , well - funded right - wing attack groups going after individual reporters for supposed “ liberal bias ” whenever they challenged pro-Republican propaganda .
Many reporters , who refused to buckle before this intimidation , found themselves out of their jobs .
Since there was no effective counter - pressure from the Left – and since the Right built its own vast media infrastructure with thousands of good - paying jobs – the surviving mainstream journalists learned an important principle of self - preservation , that self - censorship was a career necessity .
Beyond those factors , there ’s the ever - ready excuse that journalism must focus on today , not the past .
Clinton Bashing
We saw a similar dynamic at the start of Bill Clinton ’s presidency , when almost no one in Washington – in the media or the government – cared about getting the facts straight on the questionable actions of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , especially regarding their secret policies in the Middle East .
Even though Bush - 41 was implicated in that era ’s major national security scandals -- known by names like Iran - Contra , Iraqgate , contra - cocaine and October Surprise -- the dominant feeling was that the departing president should be allowed to go into retirement with his reputation intact .
After all , what good would be done having nasty fights with Republicans over this history when the nation was facing so many other problems , like a painful recession , a large federal budget deficit and lost factory jobs ?
Did n’t it make more sense to seek bipartisanship and to follow one of Clinton ’s favorite sayings , “ politics is about the future ” ?
Of course , as it turned out , the Democratic readiness to slam the books on the Reagan - Bush - 41 scandals did n’t gain Clinton any measure of bipartisanship .
Republicans – sensing the growing power of the right - wing media – simply began hyping “ Clinton scandals ” like Whitewater , Travelgate , Troopergate , etc. to hobble the new president and to gain control of Congress .
The premature endings for the far more serious scandals of the Reagan - Bush - 41 years had another unexpected consequence .
By preserving George H.W. Bush ’s reputation , the Democrats left open the door for the restoration of the Bush dynasty .
By 1999 , the ex-president ’s oldest son , Texas Gov. George W. Bush , was eager to exploit Bill Clinton ’s sexual misconduct by making a promise to “ restore honor and dignity to the White House . ”
According to polls , one of George W. Bush ’s greatest political assets was the public perception that his parents operated with high moral standards and that one could expect the same from their son .
After getting into the White House , Bush - 43 ’s idea of elevating presidential morality was to replace Clinton ’s sexual escapades in the Oval Office pantry with sweetheart deals for the oil - and - coal industries , aggressive wars justified under false pretenses , and his top aides orchestrating the torture of naked Muslim detainees held in secret prisons .
Many of Clinton ’s public policies also were reversed .
Over the eight years , Bush - 43 implemented massive tax cuts weighted toward the wealthy , a move that gashed back open the federal deficit .
He also pushed “ self - regulation ” for key industries , especially his old friends in the oil business .
And , when Bush - 43 bungled the pre-9/11 warnings ( including advice from Clinton advisers about the danger posed by al - Qaeda ) , the Right responded by blaming Clinton .
Posters appeared showing the burning Twin Towers over the word ’s “ Clinton ’s Legacy . ”
Much of the mainstream media also shifted the blame to Clinton .
ABC - TV even produced a docu- drama with fake dialogue put in the mouths of Clinton officials to make them appear callow in their pursuit of Osama bin Laden .
( By contrast , Bush was portrayed as a man of courage and resolve . )
But the Democrats seem to have learned nothing .
After Bush - 43 left office in 2009 , they once again had no stomach for conducting investigations , or insisting on accountability , or learning any lessons from those disastrous eight years .
Faced with similar – even worse – conditions than President Clinton inherited , President Obama insisted on “ looking forward , not backward . ”
Like Clinton , Obama also hoped for some measure of bipartisanship from the Republicans to confront the nation ’s daunting problems .
Again , however , the Republicans understood that it was to their political advantage to sabotage whatever Obama tried to do .
Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh spoke for the party in his stated hope that Obama would “ fail . ”
Framing the Message
The mainstream news media also sensed there was no point in criticizing Bush - 43 or the Republicans .
When the Republicans slapped away Obama ’s hand as he tried to reach across the aisle , the media framed the story as Obama ’s “ failure ” to live up to his promise to change the tone in Washington .
Because rank - and - file Republicans also registered a deep hatred toward Obama , he was soon labeled the “ most polarizing ” president in modern times .
Obama ’s efforts at compromises , such as including many Republican “ market ” principles in his health - care plan and maintaining many of Bush ’s approaches toward Islamic terrorism , had another effect : alienating much of the Democratic “ base ” and the relatively tiny Left media .
I started getting e-mails from leftists denouncing Obama for being “ as bad as Bush ” or even worse .
This pattern also paralleled what happened during the Clinton years , when Clinton ’s “ centrism ” angered many on the Left , leaving Clinton with few defenders when the Right started its scandal - mongering .
Today , the political dynamic facing Obama could almost not be worse .
He is taking the brunt of the blame for the wretched economy , high unemployment , the gigantic budget deficit , BP ’s oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , and the toxic political environment of Washington .
The President finds himself with few defenders in the mainstream media , since journalists recognize where their career bread is buttered .
Since the bulk of the new media jobs are at places like Fox News and in the right - wing blogosphere , it makes no sense to offend potential future employers .
For journalists trying to hang on to their mainstream jobs , the best bet is to join the herd as it stampedes toward Obama .
Just as some journalists made their names in the 1990s by promoting the trivial Clinton “ scandals , ” today some seek to transform Obama non-scandals into big deals , like the clumsy White House effort to get Rep.
Joe Sestak not to challenge Sen.
Arlen Specter in the Pennsylvania primary , a silly little controversy that CNN on Friday dubbed “ a firestorm . ”
And , if my reading of the under - funded Left media is correct , Obama ca n’t count on much help there either , certainly not the way Bush knew that Fox News and Rush Limbaugh always had his back .
So , with few lessons learned from the Bush - 43 years and with political prospects for Obama and the Democrats in decline , how long will it be before someone suggests that the nation should reach out to another member of the Bush family , like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , to solve the nation ’s problems ?
After all , since Obama gets blamed for the mess the country is in – just as Clinton was to blame for getting entangled in a bunch of “ scandals ” – does n’t it make sense to turn again to the Bush family to clean things up .
Granted , this idea may seem premature , given the fact that some Americans may still vaguely recall that Bush - 43 contributed to today ’s crises .
But , remember , there were Americans during the early Clinton years who distrusted Bush - 41 for his lies and his dissembling about Iran - Contra , Iraqgate and other scandals .
Yet , those memories quickly faded .
If anything , America ’s tendency toward historical amnesia is even more advanced today .
Who knows ?
In a couple of years , there might be a media - generated nostalgia for George W. Bush , much as there was for his father .
Then , Jeb – the so - called “ smart brother ” – might stand a chance as a bridge between the far - right Republicans and the more establishment brand .
Indeed , as the American political process grows even more addle - brained , we might be seeing the start of a recurring cycle : a member of the Bush family screws things up ; the Democrats eventually take control but do n’t demand accountability ; the media quickly shifts the blame for the problems to the Democrats ; the Republicans become agents of change ; and the next Bush family member becomes president to get things back on track .
One might call that prospect a truly vicious cycle .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
All Things Pythonic
Python in Google Code Jam
by Guido van van Rossum
August 14 , 2006
Summary
Python is now an approved language in Google 's yearly Code Jam coding contest .
Advertisement
For a number of years , Google has run a yearly coding contest named Code Jam .
The smartest ( young ) programmers in the world compete against each other for prizes and fame .
There are 3 online rounds ( September 5 - 6 , September 14 and September 19 ) .
The top 100 will be invited for the final coding showdown at Google New York on October 27 , 2006 .
All travel and accommodation expenses will be covered by Google and there will be over $ 165,000 in cash and prizes .
What 's most exciting for me is that this year , for the first time , Python is one of the supported languages .
( The others are C++ , Java , C# and VB.
NET . )
I 'm hoping that at least some of the finalists will get that far by exploiting Python 's superior coding speed !
( Googlers , others involved in setting up the competition , and their families , etc. , etc. , are not allowed to participate , as is customary in such things . )
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 7 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
