Dear Senator McCain , ( perhaps soon to be Hail - To - The - Chief ) : I write this letter as a fellow US veteran and fellow Arizonan .
With only a few days to go until the big top , I imagine you are giddy with excitement .
Like a kid in a candy store with an insatiable craving for sugar .
From where I sit , this contest could go either way .
Not that I have a pony in this race , so to speak , but I have a vested interest , called my country .
I suppose you are awaiting the CFR to properly vet and handpick your Veep .
No surprise there .
As my Norwegian NATO friend , Annika , pointed out to me , all the ponies in this race are blueblood members of the CFR and so I 'm certain your running mate will be a pedigreed pony too .
Now , I 'm not going to chide you for all those houses you own .
You and I both know those mansions mostly belong to Cindy .
Besides , anyone with a quarter million bucks can buy ten houses in Michigan and outdo you by three .
Nor am I going to chide you for marrying an heiress .
Let those fat fuckers who never served , like Rush Limbaugh , who laughed at fellow veteran John Kerry for marrying a wealthy woman , do the mudslinging .
Lots of poor vets would like to have the same opportunity .
The only difference was that you took it .
As you know , some men are born great , some achieve greatness and others have greatness thrust upon them .
Still others get great wealth thrust upon them and , together with all the blessings of the CFR and the mainstream media , get the presidency thrust upon them too .
Be careful what you wish for .
Nor am I going to " swiftboat " you about what may or may not have happened long ago in the Hanoi Hilton .
Lots of embittered vets , patriotic guys who have very different memories of the war , old servicemen like myself who somehow feel the Vietnam War was n't really the noble struggle that you and Ron Reagan make it out to be , already have you squarely in their sights , so to speak , for personal reasons .
But to most Americans , most of whom have never served , you are still a war hero and so we 'll let it go at that .
You come across as a self - effacing guy .
A likeable guy whenever we see you on the Jon Stewart Show .
Even that bit of repartee with Reverend Rick was refreshing .
But how in the world , I want to know , will you , defeat evil ?
Rick Warren asked you : " What about the issue of evil ?
Does evil exists and if so , should we ignore it , negotiate with it , contain it or defeat it ? "
Senator , you replied : " Defeat it 'we must totally defeat it and we 're in a long struggle . "
From where I sit , evil is like a vapor or a ghost , not only difficult to see but difficult to define .
Even a powerful teacher like Jesus never directly attacked a physical manifestation of evil , except for that hapless moneychanger .
Jesus knew that if one did start attacking evil everywhere , attacked what WE , in our sinfulness , perceived as the physical evil , a whole lot of collateral damage would be done in the process , thus causing even more evil .
For example , slaughtering Afghani women and children in order to get to former CIA agent Osama Bin Laden would certainly qualify as spreading evil in the misguided intention of ridding the world of evil .
Because , would n't it have been better to arrest OBL , or even David Koresh for that matter , when the opportunity arose , and try them openly in a court of law to determine whether they truly were evil ?
Seems the state always wants to smash evil while perpetuating evil , while making a boatload of money for a select few cronies in the process .
And how to explain " defeating evil " while allowing a fellow State Employee , Osama bin Laden , the opportunity to carry out the 911 attack ?
OBL could have been arrested while in the hospital a couple of months earlier .
Somehow the state always manages to elevate evil to an art form .
Somehow smashing civilians , whether in Waco or Iraq or Afghanistan ' women and children -- is the sort of evil the state does best .
The sort of evil Herod would have done .
You remember King Herod , John ?
Forgive me for this straight talk , John , just days before your big , televised lovefest .
I know that , as a former Navy pilot , your excitement must be as high as when you had those Vietnamese targets squarely in your sight , trying to defeat evil by dropping bombs on it .
Somehow I get the feeling that all the napalm and Agent Orange in the world would never eradicate evil once and for all , that is , as long as two men with differing opinions still exist .
But Why Shaft the Navy ?
Recall that other US Navy men , your fellow veterans , had to actually resist physical evil - - napalm , bombs , and machine gun bullets .
Those average guys aboard the USS Liberty .
Remember those guys ?
Most Americans have n't got a clue , since any reference to that perfidious attack rarely appears in the mainstream US media .
But you , John , actually went out of your way to pen a preface to a book absolving good old Israel of attacking the US navy ship .
Remember ?
You , a fellow Navy veteran .
So those guys got killed , wounded or otherwise horribly scarred .
No wealthy heiresses for them .
Shafted by the Navy , and by you , John .
Indeed , many of the survivors , for good reason , have lost any trust in you or the American justice system .
You say you would defeat evil , way over in distant Georgia , formerly of the USSR .
Why not here , closer to home ?
Judging from a recent Op - Ed in The Wall St. Journal , you and your supporters clamor to get the US involved in a fight between two antagonists that have absolutely nothing to do with the problems ' evils 'here at home in the USA .
Mostly a bunch of wealthy pundits who never served , and fellow US Senators with vested interests , want US servicemen to rush into some fight that would only lead to more bloodshed , more evil .
Seven years after the " War on Terror , " ( evil ? ) with no end in sight , with your poll numbers rising , with the US presidency in your grasp , you have to ask yourself : how can I best serve my country ?
Rick Warren asked you that too , John .
Does n't seem to me that you learned very much about war while a prisoner of war .
Would one of your first acts , as president , be to dispatch the US Navy to the Black Sea or the Persian Gulf ?
Suppose you get those ships involved in a shooting war ?
Suppose a US ship captain -- or even an admiral -- decides NOT to get involved in a shooting war ?
Suppose you lose a US Navy ship 'or lose several ships ?
Suppose gas prices go sky high after you get us involved ?
Suppose people call for your impeachment ?
Suppose they call for your arrest ?
Suppose the Russians and Chinese ignore any blockade you order ?
Suppose the Israelis strike Iran and YOU have to decide whether to order assistance , thus involving America in another shooting war ?
Suppose Putin sends a naval task force into the Persian Gulf ?
Suppose shots are fired ?
Then what ?
See John : tough talk , from you and your cronies , is easy NOW .
But you better get used to the heat of the kitchen if you start fiddling with that already overheated stove .
Cue the Western music , because the coding cowboy has n't ridden off into the sunset just yet .
And as this case study demonstrates , perhaps we should make sure he does n't .
In fact , despite all the industry big - think about how SOA requires strong governance , months of front - end BPA and modeling , baked - in standards ( WS * this - and - that ) , ESBs and registries or repositories and mile - high SOA - savvy integrated vendor stacks , some development teams are building a SOA the old fashioned way : fast .
Eugene Ciurana , Director of Systems Infrastructure for Leapfrog Enterprises
And it 's working .
That 's the case at Leapfrog , one of the world 's most successful makers of educational electronic toys .
The company is nearing the end of an ambitious effort to make its consumer product lineup Web - savvy .
When Leapfrog 's new devices connect to the Internet , they are transformed from toys to solutions : the front - end of a sophisticated SOA that integrates embedded devices , legacy systems , e-commerce , and a bevy of reusable services that power features , functionality and ultimately , sales .
But you wo n't find a bunch of business analysts and programmers sitting in a room , mapping out requirements and design .
In fact , you wo n't even find a room .
The system is being built virtually , using what could be called a modified Agile development method .
The developers are scattered around the globe , communicating with e-mail , Microsoft Word documents , and Internet relay chat ( IRC ) .
The programmers can use any tools , techniques , or technologies they are comfortable with , as long as the resulting components meet spec .
And the team leader , who you 'll meet here , is maximizing productivity and quality by hiring consultants who are key players within the open - source community ; the people responsible for developing the open - source platforms being used .
Can you build in 18 months what some organizations can only design in 18 months ?
Eugene Ciurana , director of Systems Infrastructure for Leapfrog Enterprises , is proving you can — and for just 30 percent of what it would cost , he says , had Leapfrog used commercial products and a more structured approach .
This interview was originally planned as a podcast ; however , the audio quality was poor due to an error on my part .
As a result , I have had the interview transcribed , and present it here .
CIO :
Why do n't you tell folks who you are , your title , the company you work for , and then we 'll jump into the conversation ?
Ciurana : Sure .
My name is Eugene Ciurana .
I am the director of Systems Infrastructure for Leapfrog Enterprises .
CIO : And tell us about Leapfrog .
What 's the company do ?
Ciurana : Leapfrog is the largest independent producer of educational products in the U.S.
We have a presence in 35 countries , and we 're a public company .
Most people who have kids between the ages of 4 and 10 probably have heard of us .
Basically , our mission statement is " helping kids to learn how to read . "
CIO : Great .
And tell us a little bit about what you do as the director of Systems Infrastructure .
Ciurana :
My charge is to come up with and execute direction for all Web systems that Leapfrog Enterprises will roll out , and which will have a lifetime of about five years .
We 're on the first year of our five - year plan , and every single [ consumer ] product that we 'll probably be launching this year is Web enabled .
Basically , your kids can play games , and learn things like math and reading and writing and spelling , and all the 3Rs , and so on .
And then you can connect the device that they 're playing with to the Web via your computer , and download software titles from there .
Or you can track the progress of your child in terms of how well he or she is learning whatever topic you 're working on , using something we call the Learning Desk , which is a Web - based console .
You can come in and check on your kid's program and see how she is doing , and eventually , you may be able to share that information with her teachers .
So we have this infrastructure that has to support many of the devices that talk to each other over the Internet , through our servers .
Plus we 've got partners that provide us with other services , like community Web sites and so on .
And we have to make all of that look like a seamless experience to the user .
CIO : What was the IT environment , the infrastructure , like when you came onboard , and what has driven — obviously the requirement is fundamentally driving this — but what drove the decision to bring somebody like you in ?
And what moved you in the direction of a service - oriented architecture ?
Ciurana : Leapfrog Enterprises went through a major restructuring sometime in late 2006 .
At that point the company went from " We 're only making devices , hand - held consoles , plushy toys , and so on and so forth " to " We 're going to things that are Internet - ready . "
We want to be able to leverage the Internet to share information between teachers , parents , children , etc .
That became the value proposition for the company .
In 2007 , we decided to run with the IT side of the project once the business side was set up .
Management hired a bunch of us from other universes , where we had been doing SOA and things like that , and they said , " Great , we need to build this huge system .
How do we go about it ? "
When I came in , we started communicating with a lot of people in the open - source community .
We told them what we wanted to do , and we started looking at what kinds of technology we needed to build the system .
The Leapfrog business plan called for a complete revamping of the Internet infrastructure in a period of roughly 18 months .
Now , we have an established IT infrastructure .
They do mail , they do servers , they do the back - end , they do Oracle stuff , and so on .
Our charge was not to tinker with the IT infrastructure , but rather , to [ work ] with a systems infrastructure that supports our electronic devices .
When we saw the business plan , first we said , " Holy cow !
That 's a lot of work for 18 months ! "
And we started trying to figure out how we can get where we need to be the fastest .
Complicating matters is the fact that we have two major projects going on in parallel .
One is the Leapfrog.com e-commerce site , which generates quite a bit of money for the company annually .
We need to make sure that that 's working very well .
The second part was to set up the infrastructure for all disconnected devices .
We knew that by the end of 2007 , we would have millions of new Internet - capable devices out there .
These devices did not exist in 2007 when we started , so we needed to start figuring out how we make all this stuff work together .
What services do we develop ?
How do we develop the services in a very quick fashion ?
And that 's when we started looking at SOA , and what was available commercially and open source to design , build , manage , and govern a SOA .
CIO : What are you using on the embedded devices ?
How are you developing the embedded applications ?
Ciurana : Some have a custom operating system that right now escapes me .
The others are UNIX based .
We 're a big UNIX shop up and down the stack , from the hand - held devices all the way to our back - end servers .
We have some Solaris for some mission - critical stuff .
CIO : And what application development platform are they using to actually build the applications that they 're running on these embedded operating systems ?
Ciurana : I am not sure exactly how that whole thing is built .
I have very little contact with them .
There are three tiers for this , so let me try and explain .
The hand - held tier , I 'm pretty sure , is a combination of C and C ++.
Then there 's a PC tier that you use to connect devices to your PC .
We have something we call " the PC app , " which is easy to do on the Internet , and lets you do some account management if you have multiple children and what device is for whom , etc .
It runs on Windows .
All the Web applications are tested and tested again to work with all versions of Internet Explorer ( IE ) , Safari , and Firefox .
The systems infrastructure tier is a combination of Java , a little bit of the Google Web Toolkit ( GWT ) , and some JavaScript for the Web part .
But we 're mostly a Java shop in the server infrastructure .
CIO : And then what are you using on the database side ?
Is it MySQL or some open - source database ?
Ciurana :
We 're using a very large commercial database .
CIO : Can you say which one it is ?
Ciurana :
Um , no .
I cannot say directly who they are , but they have an office in Redwood City [ laughs ] .
CIO :
It sounds to me like the embedded device actually interfaces with the PC app , and then your PC app would be what actually interfaces with your Web applications ... and I 'm guessing you have some sort of Web services communications layer between the PC app and the back - end infrastructure ?
Ciurana :
That is correct .
In broad strokes , that 's how it works .
The actual Web services communicating between the layers , between the PC app and the back - end system ; we have several variations of that .
Most of it is SOAP .
We have some calls which basically just help the server get or post something and that 's it .
And then we have a number of Web services for other operations .
We have a mechanism for uploading data from other devices .
That one is just a straight form post with an attachment to a server , and then the server does something to store it .
CIO : The design and development process :
How do you start this ?
How do you govern this ?
How are you moving this from concept to code ?
Ciurana : I do n't think we 're like any other company that 's building consumer products out there .
We have a BRD — a Business Requirement Document — that eventually becomes a Product Requirement Document .
All the development teams participate into making decisions that figure out what needs to happen to execute on those plans , and then we get up and running .
When we come to the actual execution , we have several different teams that are working on Web engineering .
We have my team , which consists of infrastructure .
We are responsible for the overall system architecture , and that includes the connective product and the Leapfrog.com store .
Then we have our data services organization .
These guys are super smart at doing data modeling and data services and so on .
And then the Web team does content management and all the core Web stuff , Ajax , GWT , etc .
So those are the three major components .
Now , when it comes to the execution , because of the time constraints we had , we were looking at how do we do this quickly and cheaply — right ? — because when you restructure , you do n't want to have a lot of money floating around .
And we looked at , again , the commercial outfits that have helped us in consulting , software , and development .
We found it was too expensive , and they did n't have the skills we needed .
So we decided to look at alternatives .
We ended up choosing open - source technologies , and talking to the guys running the open source projects .
We had them come in and work on a consulting capacity , and help us build the system .
We are actually getting much better hourly rates than we were getting with any of the big outfits that , you know , starts with an " A " or starts with an " I " — OK ?— much better prices , and we 're also getting much , much better expertise .
So , for example , if we want to do GWT , we hire one of the guys who is super active in the GWT community .
When we came to databases and how do we structure all this stuff , we got one of the guys who authored one of the best - selling books on SQL to work with us .
At the end of the day , we have assembled one of the best teams in the world .
We have some of the Mozilla Foundation guys working with us , helping us build this thing really , really fast .
It 's actually cheaper than doing it through another outfit , and we 're getting a lot better service and a lot better turnaround time than we would have otherwise .
I think that covers the first part of your question .
CIO : Yes .
Ciurana :
Then was n't the other part something about the architecture ?
CIO : Yes .
How is the architecture structured ?
You talked about development teams all over the world .
Can you sketch out how the development organization is structured , what responsibilities are being dealt with where , how are you communicating on and agreeing on what aspects need to be exposed as interfaces , how those interfaces are going to operate , the governance of these interfaces , the development and governance of these interfaces ?
Ciurana : Okay , so basically the architecture is set up in such a way that we have distinct layers .
The first layer is the PC app that 's done by the PC app group ; super smart , super sharp guys working in Windows and Mac and so on .
Then we have the Web layer .
That is locally done .
The whole thing is done in our offices , but we have consultants from open - source projects working with us .
Then the next layer we call the backbone , which is a cluster of ESBs that are acting as a switchboard between all the communications coming from the outside world , whether it 's Web , PC apps , our partners , data consolidation , etc. ; it 's all going through an ESB .
And then we have our services layer that we call the " tailbone " or the " back - end , " which is another cluster of ESBs and servers that are providing the actual implementation for a lot of the services .
The backbone provides switchboard capabilities , workflow , and transaction .
And the tailbone does all the heavy lifting and implementations for each individual service .
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland /
7
by Michele Simionato
October 21 , 2008
Scheme and Lisp have a particular data type which is missing in most languages ( with the exception of Ruby ) : the symbol .
From the grammar point of view , a symbol is just a quoted identifier , i.e. a sequence of characters corresponding to a valid identifier preceded by a quote .
For instance , 'a , ' b1 e 'c_ are symbols .
On the set of symbols there is an equality operator eq ?
which is able to determine if two symbols are the same or not :
> ( define sym ' a ) > ( eq ? sym ' b ) #f > ( eq ? sym ' a ) #t
#f e #t are the Boolean values False and True respectively , as you may have imagined .
The equality operator is extremely efficient on symbols , since the compiler associates to every symbol an integer number ( this operation is called hashing ) and stores it in an interal registry ( this operation is called interning ) : when the compiler checks the identity of two symbols it actually checks the equality of two integer numbers , which is an extremely fast operation .
You may get the number associated to a symbol with the function symbol - hash :
> ( symbol - hash sym ) 117416170 > ( symbol - hash 'b ) 134650981 > ( symbol - hash ' a ) 117416170
It is always possible to convert a string into a symbol and viceversa thanks to the functions string -> symbol and symbol -> string , however conceptually - and also practically - symbols in Scheme are completely different from strings .
The situation is not really different in Python .
It is true that symbols do not exist as a primitive data type , however strings corresponding to names of Python objects are actually treated as symbols .
You can infer this from the documentation about the builtin functions hash e intern , which says : normally , the names used in Python programs are automatically interned , and the dictionaries used to hold module , class or instance attributes have interned keys .
BTW , if you want to know exactly how string comparison works in Python I suggest you to look at this post :
Scheme has much more valid identifiers than Python or C , where the valid characters are restricted to a - zA - Z - 0 - 9 _
( I am ignoring the possibility of having Unicode characters in identifiers , which is possible both in R6RS Scheme and Python 3.0 ) .
By convention , symbols ending by ?
are associated to boolean values or to boolean - valued functions , whereas symbols ending by !
are associated to functions or macros with side effects .
The function eq ? , is polymorphic and works on any kind of object , but it may surprise you sometimes :
> ( eq ? " pippo " " pippo " ) #f
The reason is that eq ? ( corrisponding to is in Python ) checks if two objects are the same object at the pointer level , but it does not check the content .
Actually , Python works the same .
It is only by accident than " pippo " is " pippo " returns
True on my machine , since the CPython implementation manages differently " short " strings from " long " strings :
>>> " a" * 10 is " a" * 10 # a short string True >>>
" a" * 100 is " a" *100 # a long string False
If you want to check if two objects have the same content you should use the function equal ? , corresponding to == in Python :
> ( equal ? " pippo " " pippo " ) #t
It you know the type of the objects you can use more efficient equality operators ; for instance for strings you can use string= ?
and for integer numbers = :
> ( string= ? " pippo " " pippo " ) #t > ( = 42 42 ) #t
Ah , the wonders of federalism .
Even though Bush is pushing Congress hard for it , the Interior Secretary is prepping “ just in case ” , and John McCain is a fairly supportive fellow , they all seem to agree that it should be up to states to actually allow the drilling to begin .
For offshore drilling to actually happen , the states that are implicated are going to have to get on board , and that ’s not necessarily a given .
While a recent Gallup poll has demonstrated that 57 percent of Americans would support drilling in the nation ’s coastal and wilderness areas that are currently closed to exploration — if it helped reduce gasoline prices and if the drilling were conducted under strict environmental safeguards .
Those are two pretty big ifs , and one that other , state - level politicians are going to pay attention to .
That means that 43 % of Americans are not in favour of offshore drilling even if it were to lower gas prices , and the other 57 % want strict environmental controls ( anyone else remember Paris Hilton ’s comments ? ) .
And let ’s not forget that the first state that has an environmental disaster will then very quickly have a politically crucified governor .
For states that have thriving tourism industries ( North and South Carolina , California , Florida to name a few ) , the economic benefits that would accrue from having offshore drilling may not outweigh the political and economic risks and potential costs .
So which states would see majority - level support for offshore drilling ?
Well , non-coastal states are potentially going to reap the economic rewards without the environmental costs .
The political calculus in North Dakota is going to be very different than that in Oregon .
Therein lies the political trade - off in the offshore drilling debate : will gaining votes in the mid-west outweigh the lost votes in California and other coastal states ?
Obviously McCain thinks so .
Since the political consensus on the right seems to be to devolve down to implicated states the actual decision to drill , and Obama ’s focus on alternatives to drilling , it looks like the actual decision as to whether or not to allow offshore drilling will fall to the next President .
I love election years ( and I ’m Canadian ! ) .
For more on offshore drilling , read :
Photo credit ( update ) : mandj98 via flickr under a Creative Commons License
Sometimes boiled and slimy , sometimes fried and crispy
You 've should have seen the boxes on Philip K. Dick 's response letter :
[ ] I do n't respond to letters from the CIA .
[ ]
Yes , you are working for the CIA .
[ ] I do n't respond to people trying to read my mind .
[ ] I can read your mind .
[ ] I do n't respond to letters from the FBI .
[ ]
Please stop listening to my telephone .
[ ]
How do you what I dreamed about ?
Are you the man in my dream ?
[ ]
How do you what I dreamed about ?
Are you the woman in my dream ?
[ ] I appreciate your input but I do n't think anyone would want to make my books into movies .
[ ] Robert Heinlein stole the idea for these type of response letters from me .
He has a device that can read other authors ' minds .
He also punishes me when I forget to feed my cat .
The internet is atwitter with Google Chrome 's innovative new features , but there was no clear winner in our speed test comparing Firefox and Chrome — which means your choice of browser may depend solely on features .
Apart from a few specific issues ( namely process management ) , many of Chrome 's best features are already available in Firefox 3 , proving yet again the power of extensibility .
From incognito browsing and the streamlined download manager to URL highlighting and improved search , let 's take a look at how you can bring some of Google Chrome 's best features to Firefox .
Advertisement
Download Statusbar Puts Downloads in Your Status Bar ( Surprise ! )
Advertisement
Chrome is all about saving space , so files you download do n't break out into a separate window .
Instead , they live in your status bar .
Not bad , but guess what :
The Download Statusbar Firefox extension has been doing this for five years , and it offers lots of additional options and wastes even less screen real estate .
( Original post )
Speed Dial and Auto Dial Power Up Your Empty Tabs
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Chrome 's empty tab page — which displays your most visited sites , most used search boxes , and even your recently closed tabs — is awesome .
There is n't currently anything quite as full featured for Firefox , however there are a couple of options that are very close .
The Speed Dial extension ( which itself is a ripoff of the Speed Dial feature in Opera ) provides a very similar thumbnail - based new tab page , but you decide which sites you want in your speed dial and you can quickly access any of them from your keyboard with shortcuts .
( Original post )
Locationbar2 Adds Domain - Highlighting to the Address Bar
Advertisement
Google Chrome 's " omni bar " sports root domain highlighting , a cool feature that doubles as a nice anti-phishing device ( if you see the root domain more easily , you are less likely to give your information to an imposter domain ) .
That sort of domain highlighting is n't new by any means , though ; the Locationbar2 Firefox extension has been boasting this same highlighting — in addition to several other excellent features — for well over a year .
Prism Extension Turns Any Site into a Separate Application
Advertisement
If you want to break out a webapp you use all day long into a separate window and desktop shortcut , Chrome makes it easy on you .
Just click x and do y .
The concept of separating webapps into their own application is n't new , though .
At Mozilla , they 've been cooking up Prism to do just that for quite some time .
With Prism and the Prism for Firefox extension installed , just go to Tools -> Convert Website to Application to break a webapp into a separate window and application .
Right now this extension is Windows only , but hey — so is Chrome .
Keyword Search Bookmarks Integrate Site - Specific Search with the Address Bar
Advertisement
Chrome boasts that after using a site 's search engine once , you can perform that same search from the address bar the next time .
For example , after you search Amazon once , the next time you may just be able to go to your address bar , type ' a ' , press Tab , and then perform your search .
That 's pretty saucy , but it's also not much of an innovation over keyword searches in Firefox .
Granted , you have to manually add a search box ( here are 15 of our favorite Firefox quick searches ) , but you can also define exactly what you want that shortcut to be .
Chrome also does n't currently support keyword bookmarking in general , which is one of the most time - saving features in Firefox .
On the other hand , previously mentioned Auto Dial automatically populates the new tab page with your most frequently visited sites .
It 's not as attractive as Speed Dial or Chrome 's new tab page , though .
Either way , give Firefox extension developers some time .
We 'll have an even better alternative before you know it .
Stealther Turns On Incognito Browsing
Advertisement
UPDATE : Firefox now has private browsing built in .
Chrome 's Incognito browsing allows you to shop for your significant other look at porn without keeping any history of that browsing session anywhere on your computer .
In Firefox , the Stealther extension does the same thing .
The main difference :
In Chrome , a single window can enter Incognito mode , whereas in Firefox it 's enabled globally ( this is probably possible in Chrome because of how it manages each tab as a separate process ) .
But let 's be honest , are your multi-tasking skills really that good ?
( Original post )
Got a Firefox extension or feature you use that gives you the same goods as Chrome ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
For a similar take , check out how to get Safari 's best features in Firefox .
Vets Cure Elephant of Drug Addiction
An Asian elephant that was fed bananas laced with heroin by cruel smugglers to keep him under control has been put through a detox program by Chinese vets in Beijing .
Big Brother is four years old and has suffered much in his young lifetime .
He was illegally captured in 2005 in southwest China and when police arrested the smugglers some months later and freed the elephant , authorities noticed that the poor creature was displaying repeated signs of distress .
The elephant was suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms and was sent to a wild animal protection center , which provided a three - year detox program .
Big Brother is fine today .
He received a year of treatment that consisted of methadone injections at five times the maximum human dosage .
The dose was gradually reduced and he rallied and recovered .
He and three other elephants that had been held by smugglers will soon arrive at a wildlife park in Kunming , the capital of southwest China ’s Yunnan province to live their lives drug - free and as happy as can be expected .
Here ’s to you , Big Brother .
Have a long and happy life !
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
" Waving the bloody shirt " was the phrase once used to describe the standard demagogic tactic of the late 19th century , when memories of the Civil War were still vivid and loyalists of both parties could be moved to " vote as they shot . "
As the years passed and the memories faded , the shirt got gorier , the waving more frantic .
In 1896 the Democrats chose William Jennings Bryan as their leader , a man who was born in 1860 and had thus missed the Civil War , but who seemed to threaten the consensus politics of the time .
In response , Republican campaign masterminds organized a speaking tour of the Midwest by a handful of surviving Union generals .
The veterans advanced through the battleground states in a special train adorned with patriotic bunting , pictures of their candidate , William McKinley , and a sign declaring , " We are Opposed to Anarchy and Repudiation . "
The culture wars are the familiar demagogic tactic of our own time , building monstrous offenses out of the tiniest slights .
The fading rancor that each grievance is meant to revive , of course , dates to the 1960s and the antiwar protests , urban riots and annoying youth culture that originally triggered our great turn to the right .
This year the Democrats chose Barack Obama as their leader , a man who was born in 1961 and who largely missed our cultural civil war .
In response , Republican campaign masterminds have sought to plunge him back into it in the most desperate and grotesque manner yet .
For days on end , the Republican presidential campaign has put nearly all of its remaining political capital on emphasizing Mr. Obama 's time on various foundation boards with Bill Ayers , a former member of the Weathermen , which planted bombs and issued preposterous statements in the Vietnam era .
Some on the right seem to believe Mr. Ayers is Mr. Obama 's puppet - master , while others are content merely to insist that the association proves Mr. Obama to be soft on terrorism .
Maybe he 's soft on anarchy and repudiation , too .
“ It ’s a real shame , ” Mr. Fisher said , gazing down as a young boy playing on the beach darted briefly across the border , then back again .
“ It is a nice area with the historical marker .
Having people meet and mingle is good .
But unfortunately , any time you have an area that is open , the criminal organizations are going to exploit that . ”
“ We cannot , ” he added , “ have it open , not at the expense of reducing the ability to patrol the border . ”
The new fencing is part of a 14 - mile project to reinforce and build new barriers from the ocean to areas east of the Otay Mesa port of entry .
The project includes filling in a deep valley known as Smuggler ’s Gulch , a notorious crossing point just east of the park , with tons of dirt , to the dismay of environmentalists .
Unlike the trend in the past year or two along most of the 2,000 - mile Southwest border , Mr. Fisher said , illegal crossings have increased in the San Diego area , along with attacks on agents who encounter smugglers raining stones and other objects on them and their trucks .
One - fourth of all such assaults , he said , occur in the San Diego sector , which more than a decade ago was one of the hottest spots for illegal crossings .
While a flood of new agents and bolstered fencing has pushed much of the crossings to the eastern deserts and the sea , where smuggling by boat is a growing problem , people still regularly climb over , tunnel under or cut through the fence , sometimes with blowtorches and sophisticated cutting tools .
But critics of the plan to extend the fencing in Friendship Park said the Border Patrol had exaggerated problems there , one of a smattering of spots along the border where the prospect of new fencing has dampened cross - border bonhomie .
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article Anti-war protesters said Sunday that they will still stage a massive rally as the Republican National Convention ( RNC ) kicks off here on Setp .
1 .
The convention 's scaled - back activities and a series of law enforcement raids will not force them to change the rally plan , Jess Sundin , a spokeswoman for the Coalition to March on the RNC and Stop the War , told reporters .
" Plans for tomorrow 's massive antiwar march are well in hand , " he said , " People will not let the RNC gather in St. Paul without aloud and clear response from us . "
The coalition 's protest will begin at 11 a.m. ( 1600 GMT ) with a rally at the Minnesota State Capitol building and continue with a march past the Republican convention headquarters at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul .
Organizers have said they expect as many as 50,000 people to participate .
The event comes a day after convention organizers announced that they will scale back Monday 's activities because of the expected landfall of Hurricane Gustav on the Gulf Coast .
Officials said convention activities largely will be determined on a day - to - day basis as the effect of the storm and the necessary emergency response become clear .
But Sundin said the coalition march has been planned for two years .
She emphasized that the protest will take place on the Labor Day , when protesters from across the country will not have to take the day off from work to participate , and that the scaled - back convention will thrust the march into an even bigger spotlight .
The protest also comes on the heels of five raids led by local law enforcement agencies this weekend that targeted members of the self - described anarchist group , the RNC Welcoming Committee .
Six people were arrested as a result of the raids .
Authorities said the Welcoming Committee 's plans to disrupt the convention with tactics included blockading delegate buses and injuring police officers .
Officials on Sunday arrested nine protesters for trespassing during a demonstration in St. Paul .
The march is expected to be the largest protest held during the convention , which runs Monday through Thursday , but some activities already have begun .
Source : Xinhua
Allow everyone to see my profile .
Only allow members to see my profile .
Only allow friends to view my profile .
Hide my profile from everyone .
Only allow members to message me .
Only allow friends to message me .
Do n't allow anyone to message me .
Allow everyone to see my favorties .
Only allow members to see my favorites .
Only allow friends to see my favorites .
Hide favorites from everyone .
Display the " ONLINE " availability when I 'm logged in .
Display when I was last logged in .
Allow everyone to comment on my profile .
Only allow members to comment on my profile .
Only allow friends to comment on my profile .
Do n't allow comments on my profile .
How'd you like to increase your office productivity by as much as 50 % ?
Add a second monitor to your computer setup .
Once you do , you 'll never go back to using only one monitor again .
For example , you can open a document or presentation on one monitor and use the other to conduct research on the Web .
Or , see your e-mail arrive as you work .
Photo editors really benefit from having an image open on one monitor and the tool bars in full view on the second monitor .
Video editing suddenly becomes almost as easy as the TV commercials promise .
TIPS : Ask Kim
What you need Adding a second monitor to your system is easy .
First , you have to check to be sure your computer has a dual - output video card .
If it has a single - output card , you 'll need to add a second video card .
A dual - output video card runs about $ 100 , depending on the specifications .
A single - output card costs slightly less .
Your computer may already support dual monitors , though , because many newer computers do .
Installing a video card is n't difficult , but you may not want to mess with it .
An electronics store can install a card for a fee .
You could also buy an external monitor adapter , but internal cards perform better .
If you use two video cards , the cards should have the same specifications .
That way , there will be no lag between the monitors .
Choosing a monitor
You can use an old monitor if you have one .
The experience is better if the monitors are the same size .
Even better are identical monitors .
These days , you can find bargains on flat - panel monitors .
Go for a 19 - inch monitor if possible .
Otherwise , a 17 - inch screen is good .
Anything larger than 19 inches may strain your eyes if you sit close .
The monitors and computer should have matching ports .
Many monitors have both VGA ( analog ) and DVI ( digital ) connections .
This makes things easier .
Before buying a monitor , judge the picture quality in the store .
Pay attention to the contrast ratio .
This is the difference between the whitest whites and the darkest blacks .
Aim for 500:1 or higher .
Higher ratios yield more shadow detail .
Response time is equally important .
This is the time it takes for a pixel to change color .
Lower numbers are better .
Accept no higher than 12 milliseconds .
Slow response time can result in smeared movement in videos .
Screen resolution refers to the number of pixels on the display .
The higher the resolution , the smaller things like text appear on the screen .
Monitors can be adjusted to different resolutions .
However , flat panels usually work best at their native resolution , which is expressed by figures such as 1,600 by 1,200 pixels .
The two monitors should have the same native resolution .
But you may need a resolution other than the native resolution of a particular monitor , so check the monitors in the store to be sure they work for you .
You do n't need a brand - name monitor .
Many companies buy panels from the same manufacturers .
But pay attention to build quality .
It should have a sturdy feel and solid buttons .
A good warranty is also important .
Setting up the monitor
After you have both monitors connected to your PC , plug in both and turn them on .
In Windows Vista , right - click the desktop and select Personalize .
Click Display Settings .
In Windows XP , click Start , then Control Panel . Double - click Display .
Open the Settings tab .
In both Vista and XP , you 'll see numbered boxes representing the monitors .
Click Identify Monitors .
A " 1 " appears on your primary monitor .
The other monitor displays a " 2 . "
Click and drag the boxes to change the designations .
Select monitor 2 and check " Extend my windows desktop onto this monitor . "
Click Apply .
You can then open programs and drag them between monitors .
Third - party programs improve the dual - monitor experience .
UltraMon ( $ 40 ) places a taskbar on each monitor .
Buttons help you arrange program windows on the monitors and you can apply different wallpapers to each monitor .
Multimon does much the same for free .
Add Multishow if you want different wallpapers .
You 'll find links to these programs at www.komando.com/news. — Kim Komando hosts the nation 's largest talk radio show about computers and the Internet .
To get the podcast or find the station nearest you , visit : www.komando.com/listen.
To subscribe to Kim's free e-mail newsletters , sign up at : www.komando.com/newsletters.
Contact her at gnstech@gns.gannett.com .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( LifeWire ) -- Brian , a 30 - something salesman from New York City , uses bathroom breaks to handle the demands of his second job .
The bathroom stall becomes a secret cubicle for his other job as a mortgage broker .
He sends e-mails , checks his voice mail and makes appointments .
Many workers " daylight " in defiance of company policy , frustrating managers and human - resource executives .
" I have a certain lifestyle , and I need a certain amount of money coming in , " he says .
Brian is n't alone .
Many Americans are squeezing two jobs into one shift -- moonlighting by day , as it were -- as a hedge against a sagging economy or to maintain their style of living .
While hard data on this below - the - radar economy is anecdotal at best , business coach John M. McKee , the author of " Career Wisdom : 101 Proven Strategies to Ensure Workplace Success , " confirms that he has noticed an increase .
Shoehorning a second career into the same shift as your primary job is tricky -- and ethically questionable .
Some workers do it with the approval of their superiors .
But many do it in defiance of company policy ( the main reason most " daylighters " interviewed preferred to remain anonymous ) frustrating managers and human - resource executives .
" When you are employed for a firm , 100 percent of your focus should be spent working for that company during regular office hours , " says Debbie McGrath , the founder of HR.com , a Web site for human - resources professionals .
Brian reasons that he's on top of his day job , so why not strive for more ?
Even at conventions with his workday boss , he says , " I 'll be standing right next to him making a deal . "
The work - work balance
Throughout a string of occupations , mortgage brokering has always been Brian 's labor of love .
" I feel like I own it , " he says .
But its unpredictability -- he says he can make anywhere from $ 1,000 to $ 20,000 a month from his alternative endeavor -- made him seek steadier employment .
His sales gig earns him about $ 80,000 a year .
The combination of the two provides him with three or four nights a week of lavish dining ( with a bar bill three times the food bill ) , several vacations abroad and an apartment in New York City .
He 's also blessed with a girlfriend , he says , who understands his workaholic ways .
But he does n't think his boss would be so understanding .
Nor does Nancy Ancowitz , a business communication coach in New York .
" As an entrepreneur and former corporate manager , I think transparency is incredibly important between a manager and staff , " she says .
" And I think honesty is incredibly important . "
Ancowitz recommends carving out time for another business on one 's own time .
" I would n't sneak around , " she says .
" Our reputations follow us . "
As for the rationalization that once one 's desk is clear , anything goes , she says , " My feeling is that there is always something helpful to do , even if you 're a temp . "
Getting the OK
If you 're determined to squeeze out a second career on company time , McGrath , of HR.com , says it is acceptable to ask permission to perform other work during office hours , provided the time is made up .
That can be tricky , though .
Unless it 's charitable or company - related work , Ancowitz cautions , the request might irk the people who sign your checks .
There are those who are upfront about their dual employment .
One 23 - year - old former cocktail waitress used her San Francisco job site as a base for pursuing her graphic design career .
She says her supervisors did n't care as long as she sold a certain amount of alcohol .
" Towards the end it became like my little office , " says the woman , who asked that her name not be used to avoid any full - disclosure Googling by prospective employers .
" I was n't sneaky at all .
I blatantly worked on my laptop and talked on the phone with a client when my shift was slow . "
Sandra Boston , a 44 - year - old Brooklyn , New York , day - care worker , has been squeezing in two jobs for the past several months .
As her preschool - aged charges nap with an assistant watching , she has the go - ahead to make phone calls to set up real estate appointments for later in the day , she says .
She makes the calls in such a way that no further communication is needed -- the client either shows up or does n't .
Then she arrives at her real estate office around 5:30 p.m .
" By the time I get to the office , I can show two or three apartments , " she says .
McKee , the business adviser , believes the trend is being fueled by older workers not able to replace the income of an earlier single job and younger ones seeking to ease into a new vocation .
He says " daylighting " can fill aspirations with the cooperation of a boss , but warns of the toll it could take .
" A life with only work and sleep can become very unsatisfying , " he says .
" This can become demotivating and may result in an individual -- who had previously shown high energy and good future potential -- becoming flat . "
No such concern yet for Brian , the hard - charging salesman who is so secretive that his mortgage broker associates have no idea he toils 9 to 5 at another job , he says .
It 's a living -- twice over .
But , sighs Brian , " It 's really tough . "
LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers .
Ron Dicker , a Brooklyn - based journalist , frequently writes lifestyle features .
He previously covered sports for the New York Times .
All About San Francisco • Jobs and Labor • Daycare
WOOD - FIRED BOILERS | PELLET BOILERS | PELLET BURNERS | ELECTRIC BOILERS | SOLAR PANELS
If you 're a Virgin America frequent flier , your points could be worth more than you think .
In an example of cross-marketing that would make a Harvard MBA proud , the airline is allowing passengers to cash in their miles for the chance to win a seat on a Virgin Galactic space flight .
Virgin says it'll work like this : Earn 10,000 points in Elevate , the airline 's frequent flier program ( it might take awhile , as the airline flies to just seven cities ) by next July and you can sign up for what Virgin America calls " The Race To Space . "
If you opt in , you 'll participate in a " series of competitions " – the airline is n't saying anything about them yet – that allow you to earn more points .
Finish the challenges with the most points and you 're going sub-orbital when the WhiteKnight Two unveiled this week takes SpaceShipTwo into space in 2010 .
It 's a cool twist on frequent flier miles in an industry that is choking on them .
There are 17 trillion frequent flier miles out there , making them one of the most circulated currencies in the world .
Henry Harteveldt , an analyst with Forrester Research , told Wired.com that as more and more them pile up in people 's accounts , they become worth less and less ( think Germany after World War I , when the government printed so much money people started wallpapering their homes with it ) .
These miles are a huge liability on airlines ' balance sheets , so they 'll do anything and everything to help customers get rid of them .
They 're partnering with anyone who will have them , striking deals that allow passengers to drain their accounts by buying just about anything besides an airline ticket .
" Airlines need to sell seats , not give them away , which is why there are all these partnerships out there , " Harteveldt says .
You can use your points for virtually anything .
Get a hotel room , rent a car , take a cruise .
Use them for vineyard tours , seats at ballgames , backstage passes for concerts ( Celine Dion , anyone ? ) .
You can donate them to charity , pay for a class , or exchange them for a bundt cake from the Dessert of the Month Club .
And now , vie for a trip to space .
Image : Virgin Galactic
Mail Online
September 22 , 2008
Almost exactly seven years ago Al Qaeda terrorists targeted their hijacked planes into the Twin Towers at the heart of New York ’s financial centre — and the world was transformed .
There were no deaths this week , but the effects of the carnage on the financial markets will be far more profound and destabilising than the 9/11 atrocity .
For almost all of us , it will , I predict , be a change for the worse , and for a large minority the consequences will be extremely distressing .
The Western world — Britain , Europe and the U.S. — has moved from excess to austerity overnight .
This week ’s financial typhoon will savagely impact living standards .
In due course , it will topple governments and lead to a permanent transfer of economic and political power from Europe and America to the emergent and , in some cases , such as China , semi- barbarous economies in the East .
I know I will be accused of being unnecessarily apocalyptic and irresponsibly negative , but I believe that the greatest mistake we can now make is to downplay the seriousness of the situation and bury our heads in the sand .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Five former U.S. secretaries of state said on Monday the next American administration should talk to Iran , a foe President George W. Bush has generally shunned as part of an “ axis of evil . ”
A combination image showing former U.S. Secretaries of State ( L - R ) Colin Powell , Madeline Albright , Warren Christopher , James Baker and Henry Kissinger .
REUTERS /( L- R ) Chip East / Jason Reed / Joe Skipper / Jason Reed / Osman Orsal
Engaging Iran is important because Washington ’s military options against Tehran are unsatisfactory , said the diplomats , who worked for Republican and Democratic administrations .
The five -- Colin Powell , Madeleine Albright , Warren Christopher , James Baker and Henry Kissinger -- all said they favored talking to Iran as part of a strategy to stop Tehran ’s development of a nuclear weapons program .
“ Frankly the military options here are very poor .
We do n’t want to go down that route , ” said Christopher , who worked for former President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997 .
Powell , who worked for Bush from 2001 to 2005 , said U.S. officials in Bush ’s first term had held low - level talks with the Iranians until 2003 “ and then it was stopped . ”
“ I agree with Madeleine , and I suspect my other colleagues , that we should try to talk to them , ” Powell said during a forum hosted by The George Washington University and taped for broadcast on CNN .
Albright , who was secretary of state in the second Clinton administration , had just told the group : “ I believe we need to engage with Iran .
I think the whole point is you try to engage and deal with countries that you have problems with . ”
Dealing with Iran has become an issue in the November U.S. presidential election campaign , with Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain sparring over Obama ’s stated readiness to talk to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and other U.S. adversaries if elected president .
McCain has criticized Obama ’s stand , saying it shows naivete and inexperience .
The United States cut diplomatic ties with Iran in 1980 , a year after an Islamic revolution toppled U.S. - backed Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and months after militant students seized the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and held its staff hostage .
Iran has been on the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism for years .
Bush has been calling Iran a part of an axis of evil since 2002 , and has refused to rule out using military force to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear bombs .
Washington also accuses Iran of arming , financing and training Shi’ite militants killing U.S. forces in Iraq .
Iran denies seeking nuclear weapons and blames the U.S. occupation for the violence in Iraq .
In July , the Bush administration shifted tactics and sent an envoy to multilateral nuclear talks with Iran for the first time , seeking to underline Washington ’s stated position that it wants a diplomatic solution to the impasse .
Baker , who worked for former President George H.W. Bush -- the current president ’s father -- said talking to the Iranians might be one way to get the message across that the United States could always aim its strategic nuclear arsenal at Iran if Iran developed nuclear weapons and aimed them at the United States or Israel .
“ They would understand that , I think , ” Baker said .
Disclaimer
This is a personal weblog .
The opinions expressed here represent my own and not those of my employer .
A four - year - old cat called Bonny has survived after being walled in beneath a bathtub in Germany for seven weeks , its owner said .
" It 's a miracle , " 60 - year - old widow Monika Hoppert said .
" I 'm a strong believer , I think she must have had a guardian angel .
I 'm so happy . "
Bonny disappeared on June 19 while workmen were replacing pipes in the block of flats where Ms Hoppert lives .
The black cat was last seen in a neighbouring apartment , where the cladding around a bathtub had been removed .
Just before the tub was sealed up again , Bonny had probably crept underneath , Ms Hoppert said .
By the time the neighbour heard Bonny 's plaintive miaowing from behind the tiles on August 8 , the cat 's weight had dropped from six kilograms to two kilograms .
" I could n't believe it .
But when I got down there , I knew it was my cat because they all have their own voice , " Ms Hoppert said .
Bonny was so weak the vet recommended she be put down .
But Ms Hoppert nursed her back to health with watered down kitten food .
" She 's almost back to normal now .
This morning was the first time she 'd jumped onto my bed again , " she said .
- Reuters
By Evon Peter
evonpeter@mac.com
9/8/2008
My name is Evon Peter ; I am a former Chief of the Neetsaii Gwich ’in tribe from Arctic Village , Alaska and the current Executive Director of Native Movement .
My organization provides culturally based leadership development through offices in Alaska and Arizona .
My wife , who is Navajo , and I have been based out of Flagstaff , Arizona for the past few years , although I travel home to Alaska in support of our initiatives there as well .
It is interesting to me that my wife and I find ourselves as Indigenous people from the two states where McCain and Palin originate in their leadership .
I am writing this letter to raise awareness about the ongoing colonization and violation of human rights being carried out against Alaska Native peoples in the name of unsustainable progress , with a particular emphasis on the role of Sarah Palin and the Republican leadership .
My hope is that it helps to elevate truth about the nature of Alaskan politics in relation to Alaska Native peoples and that it lays a framework for our path to justice .
Ever since the Russian claim to Alaska and the subsequent sale to the United States through the Treaty of Cession in 1867 , the attitude and treatment towards Alaska Native peoples has been fairly consistent .
We were initially referred to as less than human “ uncivilized tribes ” , so we were excluded from any dialogues and decisions regarding our lands , lives , and status .
The dominating attitude within the Unites States at the time was called Manifest Destiny ; that God had given Americans this great land to take from the Indians because they were non-Christian and incapable of self - government .
Over the years since that time , this framework for relating to Alaska Native peoples has become entrenched in the United States legislative and legal systems in an ongoing direct violation of our human rights .
What does this mean ?
Allow me to share an analogy .
If a group of people were to arrive in your city and tell you their people had made laws , among which were :
1 . What were once your home and land now belong to them ( although you could live in the garage or backyard )
2 . Forced you to send your children to boarding schools to learn their language and be acculturated into their ways with leaders who touted “ Kill the American , save the man ” ( based on the original statement made by US Captain Richard H. Pratt in regards to Native American education “ Kill the Indian , save the man . ” )
3. Supported missionaries and government agents to forcefully ( for example , with poisons placed on the tongues of your children and withheld vaccines ) convince you that your Jesus , Buddha , Torah , or Mohammed was actually an agent of evil and that salvation in the afterlife could only be found through believing otherwise
4 . Made it illegal for you to continue to do your job to support your family , except under strict oversight and through extensive regulation
5 . Made it illegal for you to own any land or run a business as an individual and did not allow you to participate in any form of their government , which controlled your life ( voting or otherwise )
How would this make you feel ?
What if you also knew that if you were to retaliate , that you would be swiftly killed or incarcerated ?
How long do you think it would take for you to forget or would you be sure to share this history with your children with the hope that justice could one day prevail for your descendents ?
And most importantly to our conversation , how American does this sound to you ?
To put this into perspective , my grandfather who helped to raise me in Arctic Village was born in 1904 , just thirty - seven years after the United States laid claim to Alaska .
If my grandfather had unjustly stolen your grandfathers home and I was still living in the house and watching you live outdoors , would you feel a change was in order ?
Congress unilaterally passed most of the major US legislation that affect our people in my grandfathers ’ lifetime .
There has never been a Treaty between Alaska Native Peoples and the United States over these injustices .
Each time that Alaska Native people stand up for our rights , the US responds with token shifts in its laws and policies to appease the building discontent , yet avoiding the underlying injustice that I believe can be resolved if leadership in the United States would be willing to acknowledge the underlying injustice of its control over Alaska Native peoples , our lands , and our ways of life .
United States legal history in relation to Alaska Natives has been based on one major platform – minimize the potential for Alaska Native people to regain control of their lives , lands , and resources and maximize benefit to the Unites States government and its corporations .
While the rest of the world , following World War II , was seeking to return African and European Nations to their rightful owners , the United States pushed in the opposite direction by pulling the then Territory of Alaska out of the United Nations dialogues and pushing for Statehood into the Union .
Why is it that Alaska Native Nations are still perceived as being incapable of governing our own lands , lives , and resources differently than African , Asian , and European nations ?
Let me get specific about what is at stake and how this relates to Palin and the Republican leadership in Alaska and across this country .
To this day , Alaska Native peoples are among the only Indigenous peoples in all of North America whose Indigenous Hunting and Fishing Rights have been extinguished by federal legislation and yet we are the most dependent people on this way of life .
Most of our villages have no roads that connect them to cities ; many live with poverty level incomes , and all rely to varying degrees on traditional hunting , fishing , and harvesting for survival .
This has become known as the debate on Alaska Native Subsistence .
As Alaska Governor , Palin has continued the path of her predecessor Frank Murkowski in challenging attempts by Alaska Native people to regain their human right to their traditional way of life through subsistence .
The same piece of unilateral federal legislation , known as the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act ( ANCSA ) of 1971 , that extinguished our hunting and fishing rights , also extinguished all federal Alaska Native land claims and my Tribe ’s reservation status .
In the continental United States , this sort of legislation is referred to as ‘ termination legislation ’ because it takes the rights of self - government away from Tribes .
It is based in the same age - old idea that we are not capable of governing our people , lands , and resources .
To justify these terminations , ANCSA also created Alaska Native led forprofit corporations ( which were provided the remaining lands not taken by the government and a one time payment the equivalent of about 1/20th of the annual profits made by corporations in Alaska each year ) with a mission of exploiting the land in partnership with the US government and outside corporations .
It was a brilliant piece of legislation for the legal termination and cultural assimilation of Alaska Natives under the guise of progress .
Since the passage of ANCSA , political leaders in Alaska , with a few exceptions , have maintained that , as stated by indicted Senator Ted Stevens , “ Tribes have never existed in Alaska . ”
They maintain this position out of fear that the real injustice being carried out upon Alaska Natives may break into mainstream awareness and lead to a re-opening of due treaty dialogues between Alaska Native leaders and the federal government .
At the same time the federal government chose to list Alaska Native tribes in the list of federally recognized tribes in 1993 .
Governor Palin maintains that tribes were federally recognized but that they do not have the same rights as the tribes in the continental United States to sovereignty and self - governance , even to the extent of legally challenging our Tribes rights pursuant to the Indian Child Welfare Act .
What good are governments that ca n’t make decisions concerning their own land and people ?
The colonial mentality in and towards Alaska is to exploit the land and resources for profits and power , at the expense of Alaska Native people .
Governor Palin reflects this attitude and perspective in her words and leadership .
She comes from an area within Alaska that was settled by relocated agricultural families from the continental United States in the second half of the last century .
It is striking that a leader from that particular area feels she has a right , considering all of the injustices to Alaska Native people , to offer Alaskan oil and resources in an attempt to solve the national energy crisis at the Republican Convention .
Palin also chose not to mention the connection between oil development and global warming , which is wreaking havoc on Alaska Native villages , forcing some to begin the process of relocation at a cost sure to reach into the hundreds of millions .
Our tribes depend on healthy and abundant land and animals for our survival .
For example , my people depend on the Porcupine Caribou herd , which migrates into the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge each spring to birth their young .
Any disruption and contamination will directly impact the health and capacity for my people to continue to live in a homeland we have been blessed to live in for over 10,000 years .
This is the sacrifice Palin offered to the nation .
The worst part of it is that there are viable alternatives to addressing the energy crisis in the United States , yet Palin chooses options that very well may result in the extinguishment of some of the last remaining intact ecosystems and original cultures in all of North America .
Palin is also promoting off shore oil drilling and increased mining in sensitive areas of Alaska , all of which would have a lifespan of far fewer years than my grandfather walked on this earth and which would not even make a smidgen of an impact on national consumption rates or longer term sustainability .
McCain was once a champion of protecting the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and it is sad to see , that with Palin on board , he is no longer vocal and perhaps even giving up on what he believes in to satisfy Palin ’s position .
While I have much more to say , this is my current offering to elevate the conversation about what is at stake in Alaska and for Alaska Native peoples .
Please share this offering with others and help us to make this an election that brings out honest dialogue .
We have an opportunity to bring lasting change , but only if we can be open to hearing the truth about our situations and facing the challenges that arise .
Many thanks to all those who are taking stands for a just and sustainable future for all of our future generations ,
* This essay is a personal reflection and should not be attributed to my tribe or organization
Bumped .
This is a very important story .
Oh my God .
They admit outright that earlier this decade they paid $ 2 m to the man who is now John McCain ’s campaign manager in order to buy influence with John McCain as Senator and as possible president ( they also paid him to derail legislation that would have increased federal regulation of the banking industry ) .
There should be a campaign to demand that McCain ’s campaign manager , Rick Davis , give ever penny back to the American people .
There had better be an ad about this out by COB Monday , and calls for Davis ’ resignation .
Loan Titans Paid McCain Adviser Nearly $ 2 Million
By DAVID D. KIRKPATRICK and CHARLES DUHIGG
Published : September 21 , 2008
Senator John McCain ’s campaign manager was paid more than $ 30,000 a month for five years as president of an advocacy group set up by the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to defend them against stricter regulations , current and former officials say … .
Incensed by the advertisements , several current and former executives of the companies came forward to discuss the role that Rick Davis , Mr. McCain ’s campaign manager and longtime adviser , played in helping Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac beat back regulatory challenges when he served as president of their advocacy group , the Homeownership Alliance , formed in the summer of 2000 .
Some who came forward were Democrats , but Republicans , speaking on the condition of anonymity , confirmed their descriptions .
“ The value that he brought to the relationship was the closeness to Senator McCain and the possibility that Senator McCain was going to run for president again , ” said Robert McCarson , a former spokesman for Fannie Mae , who said that while he worked there from 2000 to 2002 , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac together paid Mr. Davis ’s firm $ 35,000 a month .
Mr. Davis “ did n’t really do anything , ” Mr. McCarson , a Democrat , said .
A few col­leagues referred me over the week­end to a very nice arti­cle at busi­ness pub­li­ca­tion Port­fo­lio .
While the arti­cle does an excel­lent job at intro­duc­ing the read­er to the con­cept and promise of com­put­er­ized cog­ni­tive assess­ments , it also con­tributes to the mythol­o­gy of “ Brain Age ” .
Let ’s first take a look at the arti­cle How Smart Are You :
The busi­ness of assess­ing cog­ni­tion and mem­o­ry is mov­ing from test­ing brain - impaired patients to assess­ing healthy peo­ples ’ brains online .
A cou­ple of quotes :
- “ Cog­ni­tive Drug Research is one a hand­ful of busi­ness­es , most of them out­side of the U.S. , that work with phar­ma­ceu­ti­cal com­pa­nies to test how new drugs for every­thing from nico­tine addic­tion to Alzheimer ’s dis­ease affect the mind ’s abil­i­ty to remem­ber things , make deci­sions , and ana­lyze infor­ma­tion . ” - “ Cog­ni­tive tests have been around for a cen­tu­ry as exam­i­na­tions tak­en with paper and pen­cil .
In the 1970s and ’ 80s the tests shift­ed to com­put­ers , Cog­ni­tive Drug Research founder Kei­th Wesnes says .
So far , so good .
In fact , one of the key high­lights from the mar­ket report we released in March was that “ Large - scale , ful­ly - auto­mat­ed cog­ni­tive assess­ments are being used in a grow­ing num­ber of clin­i­cal tri­als .
This opens the way for the devel­op­ment of inex­pen­sive con­sumer - fac­ing , base­line cog­ni­tive assess­ments . ”
And we pro­filed a few lead­ing com­pa­nies in the space : Brain Resource Com­pa­ny , Cog­ni­tive Drug Research , CNS Vital Signs and CogState .
Now , the arti­cle is accom­pa­nied by a 5 – 7 minute quick test that promis­es to give us our “ Brain Age ” .
And this does­ n’t come from Nin­ten­do , but from Cog­ni­tive Drug Research , a respect­ed sci­ence - based com­pa­ny .
You can check it out your­self : Take the Test
Why do I find this mis­lead­ing ?
Because the con­cept of hav­ing a “ brain age ” is , itself , pro­found­ly unsci­en­tif­ic .
It is one thing to have that con­cept pop­u­lar­ized by a game devel­op­er such as Nin­ten­do through its pop­u­lar Brain Age / Train­ing Series , and anoth­er one to have it rein­forced by com­pa­nies that are devel­op­ing and mar­ket­ing sci­ence - based appli­ca­tions .
Anoth­er exam­ple : the radio ads for the PBS pro­gram titled Brain Fit­ness Pro­gram , where lis­ten­ers of all ages get the impres­sion ( as many friends and col­leagues have report­ed ) that , should they buy the Posit Sci­ence Brain Fit­ness Pro­gram , they can expect their brains “ reju­ve­nat­ed ” by 10 years .
This , I hear often , must be true , com­ing from PBS .
Unfor­tu­nate­ly , it is n’t .
And it is n’t because the claim is found­ed on the same faulty premise of hav­ing a “ brain age ” .
What is going on ?
First , the good news .
Today we know today that the brain retains life­long plas­tic­i­ty ( the abil­i­ty to change itself through expe­ri­ence ) .
Aging does not mean auto­mat­ic decline .
Fur­ther­more , we know that a vari­ety of lifestyle fac­tors , includ­ing phys­i­cal and men­tal exer­cise , can influ­ence how our men­tal abil­i­ties evolve as we age .
We can delay or slow down age - relat­ed decline .
Not only that , we can improve our abil­i­ties , and a num­ber of com­put­er - based pro­grams have shown how they can help spe­cif­ic groups of peo­ple train and enhance spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills .
Now , what is impor­tant to rec­og­nize is that there is not one over­all “ brain age ” .
We can view our brain func­tions or cog­ni­tive abil­i­ties as a vari­ety of skills , some more per­cep­tion - relat­ed , some more mem­o­ry - relat­ed , some more lan­guage - relat­ed , some more visu­al , some more abstract - think­ing and plan­ning ori­ent­ed .
All sci­ence - based brain fit­ness prod­ucts in the mar­ket today tar­get spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills .
The research that has been pub­lished shows how spe­cif­ic brain func­tions can be improved .
But there is no gen­er­al “ brain age ” that can be mea­sured or trained in a mean­ing­ful way .
Let ’s ana­lyze the PBS Posit Sci­ence - relat­ed mes­sage : you can reju­ve­nate your brain by 10 years .
What would this mean , were it to be true ?
per­haps that ALL cog­ni­tive abil­i­ties would go back to where they were 10 years before .
and that this would hap­pen for indi­vid­u­als of all ages : in our 30s , 40s , 50s , 60s , 70s and so on .
It would also mean that , giv­en that reju­ve­nat­ed “ brain age ” , our risk of devel­op­ing Alzheimer ’s symp­toms would be adjust­ed to reflect our “ new ” brain age .
And that the evo­lu­tion of our cog­ni­tive abil­i­ties over the rest of our lives would reflect our new - found “ brain age ” .
Has this been shown ?
Unfor­tu­nate­ly , not .
The “ 10 years ” claim seems based on one pub­lished study , and sev­er­al unpub­lished ones , where indi­vid­u­als with an aver­age age of around 70 years take on a very intense audi­to­ry pro­cess­ing train­ing pro­gram that enables them to improve relat­ed audi­to­ry cog­ni­tive skills by a sig­nif­i­cant per­cent­age .
Where­by , on aver­age , and on those spe­cif­ic skills , they reach a lev­el com­pa­ra­ble to peo­ple 60 years old .
But this does­ n’t say any­thing about oth­er cog­ni­tive skills .
Or Alzheimer ’s relat­ed risks .
Or the cog­ni­tive tra­jec­to­ries that will fol­low .
Just think about this : if , by attend­ing an inten­sive ten­nis camp , you were able to serve at a lev­el com­pa­ra­ble to peo­ple 10 years younger than your age … would you say that your body is now 10 years younger ?
Prob­a­bly not .
You ’d say that now you play ten­nis bet­ter .
Which is a sig­nif­i­cant ben­e­fit in itself if that ’s what you are after .
I am aware that these dis­tinc­tions , root­ed in cog­ni­tive sci­ence , may not be as com­pelling as one that promis­es “ you can reduce your brain age by 10 years ” .
But it is impor­tant to invest in edu­ca­tion for the pub­lic and health pro­fes­sion­als to help the mar­ket mature in a ratio­nal way .
Not to try to out­com­pete Nin­ten­do .
In sum­ma­ry , the great news is that there are more tools avail­able than ever before to assess and train a vari­ety of cog­ni­tive skills , in what is still today a very small , but grow­ing mar­ket .
Nin­ten­do , Posit Sci­ence , Cog­ni­tive Drug Research and oth­ers are offer­ing valu­able prod­ucts and ser­vices .
The bad news ( is this real­ly news ? ) is that we should­ n’t be expect­ing mag­ic pills and that “ brain age ” is a fic­tion .
In case you wonder … I do have and enjoy my copy Nin­ten­do Brain Age , and appre­ci­ate it as a stim­u­lat­ing game .
I sim­ply do n’t out­source my brain fit­ness to Dr. Kawashima .
Fur­ther read­ing :
Atheist Richard Dawkins blames Muslims for ' importing creationism ' into classrooms
Devout Muslims are importing creationist theories into science and are not being challenged because of political correctness , one of the country 's most famous scientists said tonight .
Professor Richard Dawkins argued that as a result teachers were promoting the ' mythology ' of creationism over the science of evolution .
Professor Dawkins , a geneticist and author of the best - selling book The God Delusion , said : ' Islam is importing creationism into this country .
Richard Dawkins : ' Teachers are terribly frightened of being thought racist . '
' Most devout Muslims are creationists - so when you go to schools , there are a large number of children of Islamic parents who trot out what they have been taught .
' Teachers are bending over backwards to respect home prejudices that children have been brought up with .
' The Government could do more but it does n't want to because it is fanatical about multiculturalism and the need to respect the different traditions from which these children come .
' The Government - particularly under Tony Blair - thinks it is wonderful to have children brought up with their traditional religions .
I call it brainwashing .'
He added : ' It seems as though teachers are terribly frightened of being thought racist .
' It 's almost impossible to say anything against Islam in this country because if you do you are accused of being racist or Islamophobic . '
According to the Koran , Allah created the heavens and Earth in six days .
Christian creationists also believe that God created the world in six days , as described in the Old Testament , and that Adam and Eve were the first humans .
According to evolution , we are the result of billions of years of gradual changes , shaped by the most advantageous genes and traits being passed from generation to generation .
Professor Dawkins , who holds the chair for the understanding of science at Oxford , called for evolution to be introduced into lessons from the age of eight .
Asked what should happen if parents do not approve , he said : ' For parents to deprive their children of an educational opportunity because of a traditional bigotry is unfair on the child .
' It is fine to teach children about scientific controversies .
' What is not fine is to say , " There are these two theories .
One is called evolution , the other is called Genesis " .
' If you are going to say that , then you should talk about the Nigerian tribe who believe the world was created from the excrement of ants . '
Evolution is taught at secondary school and ministers insist creationism is not part of the curriculum .
The syllabus does , however , encourage its discussion .
Professor Dawkins 's criticism echoes the concerns of Dr Rowan Williams who has said the creation story was not worth teaching alongside that of evolution .
The Archbishop for Canterbury added that classroom work should include the Bible only when ' discussing what creation means ' .
The Royal Society , Britain 's leading scientific body , has also criticised the teaching of creationist theories at some of the academy schools pioneered by Mr Blair .
It said : ' Young people are being poorly served by deliberate attempts to withhold , distort or misrepresent scientific knowledge and understanding in order to promote religious beliefs . '
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said teachers had the ' flexibility to tailor teaching to pupils ' needs and aspirations ' .
So , now it ’s time to push this movement through the goal line .
We need to ensure that Conyers is going to follow through .
Let ’s make sure that Committee Chairman John Conyers grants this request .
Phone him now at 202-225-3951 .
Let us know what he tells you .
After Downing Street —
If you ’re able to speak with Conyers or his staff at any length , please remind them that Bush and Cheney and members of their administration are refusing to comply with numerous subpoenas and even contempt citations , as well as refusing to answer questions by claiming " executive privilege . "
During an impeachment hearing , there is no executive privilege .
The Judiciary Committee should hold an impeachment hearing of Bush and Cheney on refusal to comply with oversight .
It ’s the fastest way to justice and the only chance of establishing any oversight .
FactCheck.org , the group McCain likes to misquote in his ads attacking Obama , says that McCain violated the “ no negative ads on September 11 ” truce that was supposed to take place yesterday on September 11 .
Let ’s stop pretending that John McCain is an honorable man .
He violated the “ no negative ads on September 11 ” truce by airing a negative ad on the day while Obama did not .
John McCain has a funny way of showing respect for the 3,000 who died on September 11 .
He used footage of their deaths as a campaign prop during the convention ( no one – NO ONE – has dared do taht in seven years since that horrible day ) .
His vice presidential pick did a glamor interview for ABC on the September 11 to air on September 11 .
And now we find out that McCain violated the September 11 ad truce .
This sentence from AP says it all :
McCain campaign officials did not respond to repeated requests by The Associated Press for comment .
He ’s unaccountable to anyone for his actions .
And he thinks the media are patsies .
Yes , John McCain was a former POW .
But Karl Rove was n’t .
And it ’s Karl Rove ’s deputies who are now running for president – not John McCain .
PS If Barack Obama had violated the ad ban on September 11 , we ’d be watching a TV commercial today about how Obama dishonors our 3,000 dead .
THAT ’s taking the gloves off .
Bearded Dragons need an external heat sources such as the sun or heat bulb to heat their body up to the optimal temperature .
And they spend much of their time basking under these heat sources .
However , not everyone know how long bearded dragons need to bask for .
Without basking , digestion process of bearded dragons would be very difficult but too much of it can make them uncomfortable and disturb their day and nigh cycle .
Thus , it is also absolutely essential to control the time of basking for bearded dragons .
# 1 How long do bearded dragons bask ?
It is not the same time of basking in bearded draons .
I ’ve seen lots of different Dragons and different ages that each of them has its own unique basking behaviour .
Some bearded dragons will spend most of thier day time basking under the bulb and never seem to move .
But some other only basking about 15 minutes and then move around and back to the basking spot again .
For most of the time , you should allow them to regulate thier body temperature as they want .
This is because bearded dragon is more likely to bask after eating , so the more times a day they eat the more you should see them basking to help digest their food .
However , in some cases , these is maybe the problem from the basking bulb that make bearded dragons do not want to basking under it .
How long they spend basking will also depend on the quality of your basking lamp and the heat it gives off .
The bset thing you can do is to ensure that you give them with the best basking bulb for bearded dragons .
# 2 How many hours of heating do bearded dragons need a day ?
The fact that , bearded dragons do n’t need heat at night .
It like what they have in the natural habitat , bearded dragons do just fine without light which is a heat source , during the night .
Due to this , you do not need to turn the basking bulb for 24 / 24 .
When it comes to how long you keep lights on for a bearded dragon , I would like to recommed you leave the basking bulb for about 12 - 14 hour a day .
It can be 8 hours a day in the fall and winter .
This will most closely mimic their natural environment .
Any need for light to be provided at night would be rendered all the more redundant .
The video from that Sarah Palin rally in Ohio last week probably said it all -- that not only are racists herding in John McCain 's direction , but that previously obscured racism among mainstream conservatives is now bubbling up at an increasing rate .
A New York Observer report from Florida tells a similar kind of story :
“ I do n’t believe these polls , ” said America Blanca , a 44 - year - old small business owner from Miami who wore a red dress and was visibly pumped up by the rally .
“ Not one of them .
Because it ’s the kids answering the polls on the computers .
Their parents are not home and they are answering and they will not be voting .
I think if he is losing , it is only by a little spread .
Very little . ”
She held the tip of her pointer finger about two inches from the tip of her thumb .
Asked if her business made more than $ 250,000 a year , the cap under which Obama has proposed cutting taxes , she said it did .
Told about Obama ’s proposal , she answered , “ I do n’t give a shit .
I will never vote for a black man . ”
I half - expected to hear the same thing from " Joe the Plumber " last week when it was pointed out to him that he would actually get a tax cut under Obama 's plan .
It 's clear that the campaign to defeat Barack Obama -- which is what the McCain campaign has rapidly devolved into , ever since it became self - evident that McCain himself could n't give us a single good reason to vote for him , beyond his moose - in - the - headlights running mate -- is in fact creating an environment in which these kinds of sentiments not only are encouraged , but are now considered normal .
Sure enough , the neo -Nazis and white supremacists are reporting that they 're making big inroads these days :
Jeff Schoep , head of the National Socialist Movement , says the government classifies his group as a domestic group of interest , not domestic terrorists .
The FBI would not comment .
Interest in the group " has really spiked up , " says Schoep , who would not say by how much .
" Historically , when times get tough in our nation , that 's how movements like ours gain a foothold , " he says .
" When the economy suffers , people are looking for answers . …
We are the answer for white people .
" And now this immigrant thing in the past couple of years has been the biggest boon to us , " Schoep says .
" The immigration issue is the biggest problem we 're facing because it 's changing the face of our country .
We see stuff in English and Spanish . …
They are turning our country into a Third World ghetto . "
... " A lot of these small working - class towns are being invaded by different types of people , " says Douglas Myers , one of Keystone United 's founders .
He says the group speaks out for the rights of whites being pushed aside by newcomers .
" It appears they are tapping into and fanning the flames of mainstream America 's fear of immigrants , " says Ann Van Dyke of the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission .
" They are increasingly using the language of Main Street , things like , ' We want safe communities to raise our children . ' "
Myers says the group is organizing family - friendly activities , rejecting the violence that made skinheads notorious .
For example , they plan gatherings in public libraries .
" It 's not the footage from the '80s with people burning crosses .
It 's a very healthy environment , " Myers , 26 , says .
The renewed activity includes a boom on the Internet , says Don Black , creator of the Stormfront website .
The site has 144,000 registered members .
" Many people in this country , even if they were upset with the country 's immigration policies , never felt that threatened until now , " Black , 55 , says .
" White people were the majority .
That 's rapidly changing . "
Black says the candidacy of Barack Obama has raised his site 's profile .
In the past year , members have posted 337 entries on Stormfront related to Obama , ranging from whether an Obama victory will start a revolution among whites to whether the candidate will take away gun rights .
You can't help but suspect that the dead bear found decorated with Obama signs in North Carolina is part of this picture , too .
All this courtesy of our friends , the increasingly desperate Republican Party .
Artist rendering of the Ricoh billboard in Times Square to be located at Seventh Avenue and 42nd Street .
An electronic billboard entirely powered by the sun and wind is set to go up in Times Square in December , a company said today .
The " eco-friendly " billboard is the first of its kind in Times Square and the eastern United States , the second in the United States and the third in the world , said Ricoh Americas Corp. spokesman Russell Marchetta .
The billboard , for Ricoh Americas ' parent company Ricoh Company Ltd. of Tokyo , will measure 47 feet ( 14 meters ) high by 126 feet ( 38 meters ) long .
Its floodlights will be powered on site by 45 solar panels and four wind turbines .
The result will reduce carbon dioxide usage by 18 tons a year , Marchetta said .
The office automation equipment and electronics supplier already has an electronic sign in Osaka , Japan , that is 100 percent solar - and wind - powered .
The first solar - powered billboard in the United States came last year when Pacific Gas and Electric erected one in San Francisco .
The new billboard will wrap around the corner of Seventh Avenue and 42nd Street .
The exact image is yet to be announced , though an artist 's rendering with a dummy image has been released .
On days lacking enough solar or wind power , the sign will go un-illuminated , Marchetta said .
" If the floodlights are n't on , you 'll be able to see the sign .
You just wo n't have the lights on it , " he told LiveScience .
1993 : Broderbund Software releases Myst , a game for the Macintosh computer that becomes a record - setting best - seller and the killer app that sparks sales of CD - ROM drives .
Brothers Rand and Robyn Miller founded a software - development business called Cyan Worlds in 1987 , and they started making history .
The pair partnered in 1989 with game - publisher Activision to create a CD - ROM version of Cyan 's first game , The Manhole , which was the first entertainment product released in the fledgling format .
More CD - ROM games followed , including follow - ups from Cyan , but few consumers bought expensive CD drives for their home computers , because there were no truly compelling applications – that is , until Broderbund published Cyan 's Myst in 1993 .
Myst 's dreamlike world and simple gameplay appealed to what we would now call " casual gamers . "
Its graphics were so polished and its world so entrancingly designed that it hooked a wide audience .
Copies flew off the shelves .
But perhaps more important , CD - ROM drives flew off shelves .
To play Myst , you needed the hardware .
The underlying technology of the new game was n't that different from Manhole 's – both were programmed using HyperCard , a free Mac application that gave amateur programmers a user - friendly , visually oriented creation tool .
What separated Myst from the pack was the game 's beautiful , " pre-rendered " 3 - D world .
The mid-'90s were videogames ' puberty , a strange and awkward time spent trapped between child and adult .
Computers were able to render 3 - D worlds , but the videogame consoles in people 's homes could n't come close .
As a result , game designers often created 3 - D worlds on their workstations , then took 2 - D bitmap snapshots of the worlds and dropped them into their games as pre-rendered graphics .
Nintendo would later use this technique to great effect in Donkey Kong Country for the Super Nintendo .
As its box art signified , Myst dropped the player into a remote , deserted island with little in the way of prelude .
The player 's goal : Explore the island , find the fragments of story that explain the situation , and solve puzzles .
Writing about the game in the early days of Wired magazine , Jon Carroll described the appeal of Myst 's atmosphere : " The game is remarkable for its sense of control and mood ; it is internally consistent in a subtle and layered way .
There are interlocking themes : sound , water , gears , energy .
The interface is transparent and minimal ; it works like a glove .
There are no packs or bags or baskets ; players carry almost nothing with them .
They use what they find on the ground ; mostly they just use their minds . "
A Windows edition of the game quickly followed the Mac version .
The New York Times and Rolling Stone praised Myst to the heavens , asking if videogames had , at this moment , become Art .
Myst moved 6 million copies and quickly became the world 's best - selling computer game , a record it held until it was surpassed by The Sims in 2002 .
Cyan has continually attempted to recapture Myst 's spark with a number of sequels and expansions to the franchise .
None has sold nearly as well as the first game , which has been remade for a variety of platforms including , most recently , Nintendo DS .
Games - on - demand service GameTap used to offer a massively multiplayer online game called Myst Online that as of this writing is no longer available .
Myst was so popular and well - known during its heyday that it inspired the release of a parody version , starring actor John Goodman , that poked fun at the sometimes intense frustration that players felt when trying to solve the game 's often obtuse puzzles .
It was called : Pyst .
Source : Various
There is a new COPS like show on MTV called “ Busted ” , it focuses on young people who have been busted for one “ crime ” or another .
I have seen several episodes at this point and frankly it is a disgusting example of police stomping on the civil liberties of young people everywhere .
Here are a few tidbits of things the police have done on the show that upset me :
They stopped a guy who they claimed “ was having trouble walking ” , he said he was drunk and was calling a cab .
He called the cab and then the cops arrested him for public intoxication and they claimed it was for his own safety .
He was not acting violently at all .
They pulled this kid over for “ having a broken taillight ” , but then before they even actually had made the full stop the cop said “ if this is the same guy driving he does n’t have a license ” .
The kid was not drunk or high , he did not have a drivers license but was not driving dangerously .
They then searched his car illegally and found a penis pump , then the cop said “ I decided not to charge him for having the pump in his car ” , news flash for the cop : it is not illegal to own a penis pump .
This was a witch hunt and the cop pulled this kid over just because the cameras were there .
The cops stopped these guys who they claimed someone had called them saying they had been seen swerving .
Then it became clear that these guys were well known to the cops .
When the cops started harassing these guys they were stopped at a convenience store and not even driving .
They ended up taking one guy in for “ being under the influence of a controlled substance ” , however he was not acting intoxicated , they never gave him a breathalyzer , they never clarified what he was supposedly on , they just had him watch a flashlight and then arrested him .
They also arrested one of these guy 's girlfriends for “ interfering with a police investigation ” .
Her crime ?
Asking the police why they were harassing her boyfriend when he had done nothing wrong .
There was one episode where the cops started harassing two young people who were sitting on a lawn .
There was no crime being committed .
The home owners had not called the police about the couple sitting on their property , the cops were just driving by and decided to harass these two .
They ended up arresting them for being drunk and under 21 .
Every episode is chocked full of police harassment , arrests for consensual crimes , illegal searches , police posturing , etc .
What the show is missing is real crime , I did see an episode where the police broke up a fight , but that is as close as it has got .
Most of the time it is a show about college town cops harassing college students for partying and if you love liberty the way I do , it is a show that will get your blood boiling .
Does it really matter what the code looks like ?
The short answer is an emphatic ‘ yes ’ .
It matters because ultimately writing code is about d...
Ouch … ( from CNN ) …
Sarah Palin likes to tell voters around the country about how she “ put the government checkbook online ” in Alaska .
On Thursday , Palin suggested she would take that same proposal to Washington .
“ We ’re going to do a few new things also , ” she said at a rally in Cedar Rapids .
“ For instance , as Alaska ’s governor , I put the government ’s checkbook online so that people can see where their money ’s going .
We ’ll bring that kind of transparency , that responsibility , and accountability back .
We ’re going to bring that back to D.C. ”
There ’s just one problem with proposing to put the federal checkbook online – somebody ’s already done it .
His name is Barack Obama .
MOSCOW 
For three and a half hours on Thursday , in tones that were alternately pugilistic and needy , Vladimir V. Putin tried to explain himself .
More than a month has passed since Russia sent columns of armor into Georgia , asserting its sphere of influence with a confidence not seen since the days of the Soviet Union .
But since the first hours of this crisis , Russian leaders have been asking the same question with mounting frustration :
Why is everyone blaming us for this ?
Mr. Putin , Russia ’s prime minister , made his case on Thursday in Sochi , Russia , before the Valdai Discussion Club , a collection of Russia experts from around the world .
Comments aimed at the West were , at times , rueful  he said he liked President Bush more than many Americans do  and even respectful , as when he asked for a moment of silence in honor of the victims of Sept. 11 .
As for the criticism that has cascaded down on his government , Mr. Putin expressed only bafflement that those in the West did not accept Russia ’s explanation that it had simply acted in defense of its citizens .
How did they expect Russia to respond to the shelling of its peacekeepers in Tskhinvali , the South Ossetian capital , he asked  with “ slingshots ? ”
Did they expect him to “ brandish a penknife ? ”
Open Source and the Poor Man's Supercomputer
by Ostatic Staff - Aug. 08 , 2008
Related Blog Posts
IBM made a slew of announcements and predictions on open source topics at this week 's LinuxWorld conference , but one of the least talked about and written about announcements was this one ( Matt Asay did single it out ) .
IBM released its HPC Open Software Stack as open source , aiming at cheaper - to - deploy , simpler supercomputers .
The software stack is designed to make clusters -- servers linked together to form a single super - fast system -- more productive , less costly in both software and hardware terms , and easier to manage .
Why should the open source community at large pay attention to this ?
IBM knows a thing or two about supercomputers .
As you can confirm at Top500.org the company 's Roadrunner supercomputer is the world 's fastest computer , with a peak performance of more than 1 petaflop / s ( one quadrillion floating - point operations per second ) .
The company has also worked on supercomputers that can dual - boot Windows and Linux .
Supercomputers are rarely written about by the mainstream technology press and on technology blogs , but they are vitally important to many forward - looking efforts .
I 've been to supercomputing conferences where people from the pharmaceutical industry have said that entire diseases will be controlled by designer drugs as soon as we reach certain levels of processing power for drug modeling .
Likewise , I 've heard astronomers say that we will unlock key new information about the universe when we reach certain processing thresholds .
We need faster supercomputers for much more than just national defense and nuclear bomb simulations .
While it was n't an open source story , I thought this story about some researchers at the University of Antwerp making a supercomputer based on four nVidia graphics cards , was a supercomputing story reflecting the open source spirit .
The researchers used four nVidia GeForce 9800 GX2 cards -- the inexpensive , off - the - shelf cards that folks like gamers favor -- to lash up a system that rivals the speed of clusters consisting of hundreds of computers .
Briefly , their system was so fast that it ranked among the top 10 supercomputers in the world .
Check out one of the researchers explaining the system in a video clip here .
Can you say .... geek ?
He 's awesome .
IBM 's new open source software stack " can help develop and execute applications as well as manage and monitor a system , " according to its announcement .
It also includes IBM's Extreme Cluster Administration Toolkit ( xCAT ) -- the very same administration tools that drive chart - topping supercomuter Roadrunner .
It would be good to see more open source contributions to the arena of supercomputing , and more open source - like thinking from smart hardware people .
Those University of Antwerp researchers were just hypothesizing that newer , super - fast GPUs ( graphics processing units ) -- found on cheap graphics cards -- could work in combination to compete with clusters of far more CPUs ( central processing units ) .
They were right , and more power to them .
That kind of inventive hardware thinking , in combination with cutting - edge , open source supercomputing software , could lead to some very good things .
By Caroline Wyatt
BBC defence correspondent
Gen Craddock said the conflict could not be won by military means alone A top Nato commander has described Western efforts in Afghanistan as " disjointed " and warned that the battle cannot be won by military means alone .
Speaking in London , Gen John Craddock also said the political will in the fight against the Taleban was wavering .
The US general suggested that Nato allies were still failing to supply enough troops to fight the insurgency .
He said security must be provided to enable the Afghan government and its allies to deliver good governance .
General John Craddock has added his voice to a growing chorus of frustration over Afghanistan among Western military commanders .
The conflict in Afghanistan cannot be won by military means alone - we are just one member of a greater team
Gen John Craddock Speaking to the Royal United Services Institute , a military think - tank in London , the general cited the 70 separate restrictions or caveats on what some forces were allowed to do in Afghanistan .
He also warned that military efforts were not being backed up sufficiently on the civilian side .
Nato forces , he said , could clear and hold the ground , but it was then up to others to come in to rebuild a civil society .
Disjointed Gen Craddock echoed recent comments made by Brigadier Mark Carleton - Smith , the outgoing British commander in Helmand Province .
" The conflict in Afghanistan can not be won by military means alone .
We are just one member of a greater team , " he said .
" The military must provide a safe and secure environment ... we must come together as part of a truly comprehensive approach .
The current effort remains disjointed in time and space . "
Gen Craddock said there had to be more co-ordination and coherence .
He warned that the Afghan authorities must also do much more to tackle corruption and provide an effective police and justice system , and good governance - otherwise , any military victory would be in vain .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Engine Yard , a software developer of clouddeployment and open source tools for Ruby on Rails applications , lastweek released an open source framework for building fast , high - performance Ruby applications .
Called “ Merb , ” the programming tool issimilar to Ruby on Rails .
Merb is an MVC ( model view controller ) framework .
It features amodular — rather than monolithic — architecture with minimal , clean corecode that ’s simple , organized and easy to extend , according to Engine Yard .
“ We built Merb as a new way to do things faster .
It pushes the designstandards of Ruby further .
It was easier to open our own strategywithout having to reinvest in Rails .
This release offers afull - fledged replacement for Ruby [ on Rails ] , ” Yehuda Katz , maintainer of the Merb Project , told LinuxInsider .
Coding Choice
The community of developers that built Merb designed it from the ground up forspeed .
It relies on an extensible , pluggable architecture .
Merb has 6,000 lines of code , compared to 70,000 to 80,000 lines of code inRuby .
The smaller code base makes Merb more modular , according toKatz .
Despite its minimal code base , Merb offers features such asflexible routing , more control over groups of processes and a coherentmaintained stack .
Additional features can be plugged into theframework using standard gems .
Moreover , Merb is agnostic when itcomes to object - relational mapping ( ORM ) tools , JavaScript librariesand template languages .
This gives programmers a wide range of choice .
Ruby is one of the fastest growing programming languages in terms ofadoption , said Ezra Zygmuntowicz , founder of the Merb Project andcofounder of Engine Yard .
“ Merb offers Ruby programmers another choice for building Rubyapplications .
We believe this release of Merb and the communityenthusiasm we ’ve seen for the project since its inception aretestament to a healthy and robust Ruby ecosystem , ” he said .
Community Roots
The development community started the Merb Project in 2006 .
Until lastJanuary , Merb was just an experiment .
Then the developers began building toward version 1.0 as a real release , according to Katz .
The push for growing Merb into an official softwaretool led Zygmuntowicz to form Engine Yard .
The release of Merb 1.0 makes it the first replacement for Ruby on Rails , he said .
Merb Highlights
Merb gives developers a higher degree of configurability andmodularity than that offered by Rails , according to Engine Yard .
A pool of plug-ins enablessoftware developers working on smaller applications to replicatecommon Rails tasks with less overhead and a higher degree ofcustomization .
A key feature in Merb 1.0 is the “ Merb Stack , ” a gem for fast , out - of - the - box deployment .
Using it , developers can start building newapplications instead of creating their own complete stack .
Another key trait is its single master process rather than severaldisparate processes , which allows groups of Merb processes to sharememory .
This produces more efficient handling of multiple requestsover short periods of time and better control over groups of Merbprocesses .
Future Plans
Engine yard is already working on the release of Merb 2.0 .
A mainaddition will be an application programming interface to allow users to modify the code withoutbreaking the modules , said Katz .
The targeted release date is the summer or fall of 2009 .
In theinterim , the company will make incremental releases of what willbecome the building blocks for new features in Merb .
“ So when 2.0 is released , most of the components will already be inplace , ” Katz said .
Final Details
Go here for a full list of Merb 1.0 features .
Merb is licensed under the MIT License .
To download Merb 1.0 , go here .
GM Installing World ’s Largest Solar Powered Rooftop
July 9th , 2008 by Joshua S Hill
When you are a company who makes cars , unless you have the Toyota Prius underneath your brand name , life can sometimes get a little complex .
Not surprisingly , many car manufacturers are making big steps to ensure that their products make as little impact upon the environment as possible .
But General Motors have taken it a step further , to ensure that even their production plants make little environmental noise .
Currently with two of the largest solar power installations in the United States , GM have made a real effort to , as Gary Cowger , GM group vice president of Global Manufacturing and Labor Relations puts it , actively accelerate “ … our efforts to be part of the solution to the environmental issues and challenges facing our world . ”
Solar power installations line the roofs of GM ’s Rancho Cucamonga and Fontana , California parts warehouses , with the former seeing about 50 % of their electricity powered by their own installation .
“ We are proud to be a global leader in the usage of renewable energy , ” said Cowger .
But GM has now taken it a step further in their attempt to be a “ global leader , ” announcing on Tuesday the plans to install the world ’s largest rooftop solar photovoltaic power installation on its car assembly plant located in Figueruelas , Zaragoza , Spain .
The project is set to install an installation that will cover some 2 million square foot of rooftop , comprised of approximately 85,000 solar panels .
“ As we develop new solutions in vehicle propulsion to reduce carbon emissions , we are also making significant progress in reducing the impact our facilities have on the environment , ” said Elizabeth A. Lowery , GM vice president , Environment , Energy and Safety Policy .
“ Our commitment to expanding the usage of renewable energy sources is part of our coordinated global effort to reduce energy , water consumption , waste and CO2 emissions . ”
Partnering with Clairvoyant Energy , Veolia Environmental and the Government of Aragon to develop this project , United Solar Ovonic will provide their thin and flexible solar laminates for the project .
A project which , by completion , will generate 12 megawatts of power at its highest output , equaling about 15.1 million kilowatts of power per year , the equivalent to some 4,575 households .
I ’ve said it from the beginning of my tenure here at Green Options , and I will continue to say it along with many others : big business has to be the one to bring our planet in to an environmentally friendly age , whether it be politely or kicking and screaming .
General Motors , in announcing this project , has shown just such an intention .
Source
Photo © GM Corp
More from GO
GM Announces Biofuel Partnership : Cheap , Green Ethanol ?
GM Announces New Cellulosic Ethanol Partnership with Mascoma Corp .
GM Backs Hydrogen Refueling Station Near LA
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
HARTFORD , Conn . - Police released chilling surveillance video of a hit - and - run accident in hopes of catching the unidentified driver who ran down a 78 - year - old pedestrian , paralyzing him , and to show the callousness of bystanders who did nothing to help .
The gripping one - minute video shows the violent May 30 accident and bystanders ' apparent lack of sympathy .
No one rushes to Angel Arce Torres ' aid , and no one bothers to stop traffic as Torres lays motionless in the street .
In the video , released by police Wednesday , Torres walks in the two - way street at 5:45 p.m. after buying milk at a local grocery .
He is struck by a dark Honda that was chasing a tan Toyota .
Both cars dart down a side street as Torres crumples to the pavement .
Several cars pass Torres as a few people stare from the sidewalk .
Some approach Torres , but most stay put until a police cruiser responding to an unrelated call arrives on the scene .
Police suggested the video shows a city that has lost its moral compass .
" At the end of the day we 've got to look at ourselves and understand that our moral values have now changed . "
Police Chief Daryl Roberts said .
" We have no regard for each other . "
Torres is paralyzed and remains in critical condition in Hartford Hospital .
His son , Angel Arce , begged the public for help .
" My father is fighting for his life , " Arce said .
" I would like the public right now to help us in identifying the car and the person that did this . "
Robert Luna , who works at a nearby store , blamed witnesses for failing to help Torres .
" It took too long to call police , " he said Thursday .
" Nobody did nothing . "
Witness Bryant
Hayre said he did n't feel comfortable helping Torres , who he said was bleeding and conscious .
" Whoever did this should be sent away for a long time , " Hayre told the Hartford Courant .
" It was as if he was a dog left in the street to die . "
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Sen. Chris Dodd , the top Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee , said Thursday that bipartisan meeting with President Bush at the White House on the mortgage rescue plan was nothing short of a disaster .
In an interview on the CNN cable news network , Dodd described a meeting in which Democrats were blindsided by a new core mortgage proposal from House Republicans , with the tacit backing of Republican presidential candidate John McCain .
" I am not going to sign on to something I just saw this afternoon , " he said .
Dodd said Republicans and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson had to decide what they wanted to support .
The whole meeting " looked like a rescue plan for John McCain , " Dodd said .
He said he was simply going to pretend that the meeting had never happened .
Ready to take the latest test for s ?
The Human Respect Test is designed for s just like you to measure if your beliefs are Respectful or Coercive .
BUCHAREST ( Reuters ) -
The residents of a Romanian village knowingly voted in a dead man as their mayor in Sunday ’s municipal election , preferring him to his living opponent .
Neculai Ivascu , 57 , who ran the village for almost two decades , died from liver disease just after voting began -- but still won the election by a margin of 23 votes .
A local official said the authorities decided to keep the poll open in case Ivascu ’s opponent , Gheorghe Dobrescu , won , avoiding the need for a re-run .
“ I know he died , but I do n’t want change , ” a pro-Ivascu villager told Romanian television .
In the end , election authorities gave the post to the runner - up , but some villagers and Ivascu ’s party , the powerful opposition Social Democrat Party ( PSD ) , have called for a new vote .
Last updated at 16:23 23 April 2008
The Tories have issued a St George 's Day rallying cry against plans by Brussels to " wipe England off the map " and create a United Europe .
As Gordon Brown hoisted the English national flag over 10 Downing Street to celebrate St George 's Day , it was revealed that EU officials had revised a map wiping out the country and the Channel .
The change splits England into three and lumps those parts together with chunks of other countries to create " transnational regions " .
Scroll down for more ...
It is claimed these zones - which have been allocated their own budgets - are intended to boost trade between EU nations .
But the Tories yesterday accused the Government of trying " to create a European superstate via the back door " .
Under the programme , known as INTER - REG , counties along England 's south coast form the " Manche Region " along with northern France .
Scroll down for more ...
St George , played by historical interpreter Alan Larson , does his best at dispatching the Dragon at Scarborough Castle
The " Atlantic Region " takes in western England , along with Ireland , Wales and parts of Portugal , Spain , France and Scotland .
Meanwhile eastern England is part of the " North Sea Region " , which covers areas of Sweden , Denmark , Germany , Belgium , Norway and the Netherlands .
EU parliament : The Tories yesterday accused the Government of trying ' to create a European superstate via the back door '
The UK Government is fully behind the project , even though the words " England " and " Britain " are left off official maps of each area and the Manche Region renames the English Channel " The Channel Sea " .
Each region , which will be given taxpayers ' money to promote trade links , cultural ties , transport policies and tourism , is to be run by a " managing authority " of unelected officials overseen by a director .
None will be based in the UK , with Manche ruled by the French , Atlantic by the Portuguese and North Sea by the Danes .
The regions have legal status and Manche has a budget of £ 261 million between 2007 and 2013 , Atlantic £ 127 million and North Sea £ 219 million .
Every project funded by a region must have a publicity campaign which ensures " there is provision for flying the EU flag at least one week every year " .
Eric Pickles , the Conservatives ' communities spokesman , said : " We already knew that Gordon Brown had hoisted the white flag of surrender to the European Constitution .
" Now the Labour Government has been caught red - handed conspiring with European bureaucrats to create a European superstate via the back door .
" Gordon Brown literally wants to wipe England off the map . "
But a spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government insisted : " It has nothing to do with altering names on maps .
" It is about support for business , helping boost employment and turning around deprived areas ... helping firms in Kent do business with people in Northern France or promoting joint tourism initiatives between different countries . "
The move came as Gordon Brown ordered that all UK Government buildings with two flag poles should fly the cross of St George alongside the union banner .
It follows a review of flag flying practices .
Number 10 will in future fly the Scottish and Welsh flags on their patron saints ' days .
Northern Ireland does not have an official national flag , and so the same practice will not apply on St Patrick 's Day .
" The Prime Minister 's view is that of course we should celebrate our Britishness , but celebrating our Britishness does not mean we cannot also celebrate our Englishness , Scottishness , Welshness or Northern Irishness , " said the spokesman .
The English flag last flew over Downing Street during the 2006 World Cup .
Mr. Burke was unclear as to which of Mr. Rooney 's remarks caused the suspension , suggesting that at least some of the commentator 's other statements had caused concern at the division .
Mr. Rooney has also made some enemies at the network for his outspokenness on other matters , including his comments three years ago when a new CBS management team laid off hundreds of staff members .
Yesterday Mr. Rooney , his voice strained with emotion , repeated his denial of having made the remarks attributed to him in The Advocate .
'' I did not say , nor would I ever have thought , that blacks have watered down their genes , '' he said in a telephone interview .
'' It is a know - nothing statement , which I abhor .
I am a reporter and essayist who has established his credibility over a period of more than 40 years .
People know what I think .
I do not think blacks are inferior .
'' Mr. Burke , '' he continued , '' was put in a difficult position , and I accepted his offer of suspension rather than to permanently end my career at CBS . ''
But he added , '' I am not a racist .
It makes me tremble to think of it . ''
Mixed Reactions
The reaction yesterday from the Gay and Lesbian Alliance to the suspension was mixed .
'' We 're pleased that CBS has taken the allegations of Rooney 's bigotry seriously , '' said Karin Schwartz , the assistant director of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation .
'' However , we wonder why CBS did n't act definitively when the issue was only homophobia .
I do n't believe it 's a coincidence that the day after allegations of racism appeared in the press , CBS acts definitively .
We are not in the business of trying to evaluate different kinds of bigotry .
It 's all bad . ''
On Wednesday Mayor David N. Dinkins expressed his concern about Mr. Rooney 's remarks to CBS News executives .
Yesterday , he said : '' In my mind , Mr. Rooney 's unwillingness to disavow his anti-gay remarks taints the credibility of his denial of racist comments about African - Americans .
I find it difficult to believe that an individual who is apparently willing to embrace prejudice toward one group would not be capable of making prejudicial comments about another .
Before he is reinstated , CBS News ought to be certain it will not be embarrassed by Mr. Rooney in the future . ''
Mr. Rooney had the support of at least one important CBS colleague .
'' I 've known Rooney for almost half a century , and I know he is not a racist , '' said Walter Cronkite , the former CBS News anchor , who is now a member of the network 's board of directors , in a prepared statement .
'' He is an independent thinker and a courageous social critic .
His more outrageous comments are bound to offend one element or another of the population from time to time , but any suggestion that such a rare voice should be silenced indicates a dangerous weakness in our pluralistic , democratic society . ''
É com orgulho que anunciamos o primeiro evento do Tchelinux este ano !
O Tchelinux é um grupo comunitário que reúne entusiastas , usuários e desenvolvedores de Software Livre no Rio Grande do Sul .
O evento , organizado por membros deste grupo e voluntários , tem como objetivo integrar a comunidade de Software Livre com palestras , oficinas e outros eventos , a fim de fortalecer a cultura de Software Livre no estado do Rio Grande do Sul .
Todos os eventos do Tchelinux são sempre gratuitos , porém os participantes são encorajados a doar 2 kg de alimentos não-perecíveis , que são encaminhados a instituições de caridade da cidade onde ocorre o evento .
Rio Grande , município brasileiro localizado no litoral sul do estado do Rio Grande do Sul , está com a chamada de palestras aberta até dia 15 de Abril de 2018 .
Então corre lá para participar !
https://riogrande.tchelinux.org/
WASHINGTON -- Disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff was sentenced to four years in prison for fraud and conspiracy to corrupt public officials , the culmination of Mr. Abramoff 's long fall from his position as a political - influence broker .
In an emotional appearance in Washington Thursday , Mr. Abramoff told U.S. District Judge Ellen S. Huvelle that he is " a broken man " whose name has become synonymous with corruption .
Behind him in a packed courtroom , his wife and five teenage children cried at the sight of the onetime power broker ...
Phil Elliott Wednesday 10th September 2008
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Ensemble Studios Microsoft
Phil Spencer , head of Microsoft Game Studios , has told staff that the closure of Ensemble Studios - the team behind the Age of Empires titles and the forthcoming Halo Wars - was a difficult decision , but " the right thing for our business at this time " .
In an email to remaining employees of MGS , leaked to GamesIndustry.biz , Spencer explains that the company is " accountable for making tradeoffs and the right level of investments that will drive profit and future growth , " and that he hopes to be able to offer Ensemble employees not picked up by the new company being formed employment elsewhere within " MGS or the broader IEB ( Interactive Entertainment Business ) team . "
He goes on to stress that , despite last year 's closure of FASA and the split with Bungie , the Ensemble move is not indicative of a wider move away from videogames investment .
" This action notwithstanding , I want to emphasize that the overall investment Microsoft is making in videogame development is not diminished , and we will continue to bring in talent to work on titles and franchises where we 'll see the most ROI , " he said .
With the closure of Ensemble , the MGS portfolio now consists primarily of Lionhead , which is releasing Fable 2 shortly , and Rare - responsible for the Viva Pinata franchise among others , as well as work on the new Xbox Live avatars .
The full email from Phil Spencer to staff reads as follows :
" Today , we shared with our employees at Ensemble that we have plans to close the studio after Halo Wars RTM .
Such a decision is never easy .
Like any business , we ’re accountable for making tradeoffs and the right level of investments that will drive profit and future growth .
However , as we reviewed our first - party portfolio and where we need to invest and divest our resources to achieve our long - term strategies , it became clear to us that closing the studio and redeploying those resources to other more scalable ventures is the right thing for our business at this time .
" Unfortunately , our decision to close Ensemble will adversely impact many of the studio's team members .
Following the closure , the Ensemble leadership team will form a new entity and have agreed to partner with Microsoft to develop future products and provide support for Halo Wars post launch .
While the new company will be hiring a portion of the Ensemble employees , its size and resources prevent it from offering positions to the entire Ensemble team .
We hope to integrate much of this creative talent into MGS or the broader IEB team , where we have relevant openings .
" Ensemble Studios has produced many notable games over the years – including the Ages franchise – that have helped MGS become a leader in interactive entertainment .
And now , Halo Wars is already proving to be a hit by people who have seen and played early versions of the game .
The Ensemble team is committed to continuing its development , testing and support of Halo Wars through to the completion of halo wars .
We 're also working closely with the studio’s leaders to ensure a smooth launch of the game in early 2009 and continuing support thereafter .
We will support the studio in every way possible as they work to deliver this highly anticipated game .
" This action notwithstanding , I want to emphasize that the overall investment Microsoft is making in video game development is not diminished , and we will continue to bring in talent to work on titles and franchises where we 'll see the most ROI .
Our priority is to continue to nurture the creative freedom that allows us to successfully drive our business strategy forward .
Meanwhile , we 're launching some outstanding games over the next few months .
We 've just launched Too Human and Viva Piñata : Trouble in Paradise , and soon we 'll see many other games hit retail store shelves , including Scene It !
2 , Fable 2 , Gears of War 2 , Banjo - Kazooie : Nuts & Bolts , Lips and , of course , Halo Wars .
" I want to thank you for your hard work and focus as we head into the next few months and make this a blowout year for first - party games .
Please be supportive and respectful of our Ensemble colleagues as they go through this tough time .
" Phil "
Does the liberal - left have a clue ?
I sometimes think not .
In his book , " What 's the Matter With Kansas ? , " Thomas Frank made the excellent point that the Karl Rove Republicans take advantage of ordinary 's people 's frustrations and resentments to lead them into voting against their best interest .
Frank 's new book , " The Wrecking Crew : How Conservatives Rule , " lacks the insight that distinguished his previous book .
Why does Frank think that conservatives or liberals rule ?
Neither rule .
America is ruled by organized interest groups with money to elect candidates who serve their interests .
Frank 's book does not even mention the Israel Lobby , which bleeds Americans for the sake of Israeli territorial expansion .
Check the index .
Israel is not there .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
ROBIN SIDEL , DAVID ENRICH and DAN FITZPATRICK
The Wall Street Journal
September 26 , 2008
In what is by far the largest bank failure in U.S. history , federal regulators seized Washington Mutual Inc. and struck a deal to sell the bulk of its operations to J.P. Morgan Chase & Co
The collapse of the Seattle thrift , which was triggered by a wave of deposit withdrawals , marks a new low point in the country ’s financial crisis .
But the deal , as constructed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , could hold some glimmers of hope for the beleaguered banking system because it averts any hit to the bank - insurance fund .
Instead , J.P. Morgan agreed to pay $ 1.9 billion to the government for WaMu ’s banking operations and will assume the loan portfolio of the thrift , which has $ 307 billion in assets .
The full cost to J.P. Morgan will be much higher , because it plans to write down about $ 31 billion of the bad loans and raise $ 8 billion in new capital .
All WaMu depositors will have access to their cash , but holders of more than $ 30 billion in debt and preferred stock will likely see little if any recovery .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
and the negative news that will move the market downward should occur Sept 15
this organization below .. runs the show www.legatus.org... the money laundering occurs just prior to the pilgrimage to rome and the checks are written during the pilgrimage and the checks clear by September 14 and the negative news leaks out ( something along the lines of " insider trading on a mass scale at a major brokerage ) then they start crossing the " t "s and dotting the " i"s on Sarbanes - Oxley II SOX II will certainly protect the working class ' nest - eggs fur sure !
it is no coincidence that Father Jose Escriva started Opus Dei in 1928 it is no coincidence that Monohan started Legatus just prior to the 1987 crash .
it is no coincidence that Tyco's Belnick " met privately " with the Pope during the 1999 " pilgrimage " google " Belnick " " unlikely cause " as in " Tyco 's windfall goes to unlikely cause " and it is no coincidence the David Tice leaked the rumor that started the slide of Tyco the day after that pilgrimage google " David Tice " and " Tyco " and put the dates in order as I have done it is no coincidence that the last pilgrimage to rome was during the Ides of March which was the weekend prior to Bear Stearns ' little number the game has to be played somehow and this .. is the way it is played
Found this linked today on reddit and after reading it and being in the business my jaw has dropped to the floor .
He basically predicted the fall of the markets today ( dow closed - 504.48 the worst since 9/11 )
The posters name is Reinhart .
He said on July 18th 2008 but the rabbit hole goes deeper he not only predicted it but gave a laundry list of dates connections to companies and the vatican then this I thought you would all like this because if you keep reading on the page and scroll down he goes into a firestorm of dates and transactions a little too much for me to absorb at this point , but I will get to checking the dates etc later this week .
He was banned and I cannot find any other posts but wow just look ... legatus ?
Thats new one to me .
I found the dictionary meaning but they have no wikipedia page .
Read up and let me know what you guys think , it is very impressive that this guy called the crash today two months before and he makes some pretty interesting connections .
fnord [ edit on 15 - 9-2008 by 911 fnord ] [ edit on 15 - 9-2008 by 911 fnord ] [ edit on 15 - 9-2008 by 911fnord ]
Ruby とか Quine とか esoteric language とかが好きです。あと関東沿線歩きの記録 。
スターをつけまし た
引用をストックしました ストック一覧を見る 閉じ る
引用するにはまずログインしてください ログイン 閉じる
引用をストックできませんでした。再度お試しください 閉じる
function divide ( $ value )
{
return 1 / $ value ;
}
function divide ( $ value )
{
if ( ! $ value ) {
throw new Exception ( ' Division by zero is not allowed ' ) ;
}
return 1 / $ value ;
}
function mymath ( $ value )
{
$ result = 0 ;
try {
$ result = divide ( $ value ) ;
} catch ( Exception $ e ) {
echo " An exception occured : " . $ e->getMessage ( ) ;
}
return $ result ;
}
function mymath ( $ value )
{
$ result = 0 ;
try {
$ result = divide ( $ value ) ;
} catch ( Exception $ e ) {
throw new Exception ( $e-> getMessage ( ) ) ;
}
return $ result ;
}
class DivideByZeroException extends Exception {}
function mymath ( $ value )
{
$ result = 0 ;
try {
$ result = divide ( $ value ) ;
} catch ( DivideByZeroException $ e ) {
throw new DivideByZeroException ( $e-> getMessage ( ) ) ;
}
return $ result ;
}
I recently had to review a web application that was written in PHP and was using Zend Framework to facilitate in the site setup .
One thing that I noticed was that although the code was well written , implementing coding standards and best practices on many of the classes , I did notice a wrong usage of throwing exceptions ( the try - catch statements ) .
Most of the exceptions were captured in global class , but nothing was done with it .
In this blog post I will try to explain the concepts of bubbling exceptions so you can manage it all in one place .
If you 're new to the concept of throwing and catching exceptions , take a look at the description on php.net as it explains you clearly what it 's all about .
In short , throwing and catching exceptions is the good way to make sure your application does n't do stuff it is n't supposed to do and leaving your application broken .
Example : division by zeroThis example will return a fatal error when $ value is 0 ( zero ) .
A better way would be This will cause your application to be aware that an exception is thrown .
Of course you need to handle this in a proper way , that 's why you use a try - catch statement .
But when you 're working on a web application , this might not be your desired action because you do n't want to let your visitor know your application is broken .
Instead , you want to handle exceptions your own way , by bubbling exceptions upwards so you can manage exceptions in one place .
Bubbling exceptions means that you check in your code fragment for an exception ( in your try statement ) and throwing this upwards ( in your catch statement ) .
When you create your own exceptions , you can perform better management on your exceptions and act differently upon them .
Creating your own exception is pretty simple , you only need to extend the Exception base class .
That 's all to have your own exception in place .
Now you can bubble it upwards again .
Now you can create your exception handler method to handle each exception on it's own and perform a specific action .
In this case you might want to log these exceptions , but when accessing databases , files or webservices you might want to send out an e-mail to the administrator or developers .
I am sure you can think of useful ways to handle different kind of exceptions .
Another good read that 's related to this topic is a recent blog post of Patrick Allaert titled Readable PHP code # 1 : Return ASAP
Typing a member access operator ( for example , '. ' in Java ' or " - > " in C++ ) displays a list of the members for the corresponding object or symbol .
Jump from a symbol to its definition .
Use Ctrl+ / to list all of the references for the current symbol and optionally jump to the first reference .
These operations set a bookmark that can be popped to return you to the previous location Ctrl + Comma .
Display a list of references for a symbol .
Use ( Ctrl + / ) to open the References view for the current symbol , or you can type or select a symbol in the Symbol drop - down list .
Click on a reference to preview it .
Double - click to jump to it .
Slick Edit 's integrated debugging provides a convenient and easy to use front - end for many debuggers .
Set breakpoints , step , inspect the stack , view variables / members - all the features you expect from a debugger .
SlickEdit supports debugging for : GNU C/C++ , Java , WinDbg , Clang C/C++ LLDB , Google Go , Python , Perl , Ruby , PHP , XCode , Scala , C# using Mono , Visual Basic using Mono , and Android JVM / NDK .
Read and save files 4GB and greater .
The maximum limit is 2TB , limited only by your available system memory and hard drive performance .
When the " Beautify while typing " feature is enabled for C++ , Objective -C , Java , JavaScript , XML , or HTML , your code will be automatically formatted when you type ' ; ' , ' {' or '} ' .
This improves the consistency of your code and produces more readable code with better spacing .
Use to surround existing lines of code with a new structure such as : if , for , while , and try .
The existing code is automatically placed inside braces and indented .
Additional structures can also be defined for Surround With .
Build or compile your project , then double - click on an error message in the Build window to jump to that location .
Errors and warnings are marked with an icon in the left margin .
In addition , the overview bar , positioned alongside the vertical scrollbar , marks the position of errors and warnings relative to the current scroll position in the document .
To quickly scroll a marked location into view , you can drag the scrollbar slider to the mark , or click on the mark itself .
SlickEdit understands your third - party workspace format and can open it directly .
We support many popular build systems including Visual Studio , Maven , Ant , NAnt , Xcode , Android , and more .
SlickEdit integrates with popular version control systems including : Git , Mercurial , Subversion , CVS , Perforce , PVCS , and ClearCase .
Common operations , like checkin and checkout , are integrated and just a click away .
SlickEdit also leverages the power of DIFFzilla , its powerful file differencing tool , to make it easy to view differences between versions of a file , or even view all differences in the current project / workspace .
More on Version Control
Use DIFFzilla to compare directories and files .
When comparing files , the diff highlights the lines and characters that do not match .
You can even edit the files while they are being diffed !
More on DIFFzilla
SlickEdit takes full advantage of available space with a tiled MDI layout .
Document windows can be split to view different parts of the same file .
You can also drag a document off the main window to float in a separate document group , with its own set of tool windows .
You can create named layouts for floating document groups .
This allows you to easily switch between tool window layouts .
When you drag / drop a document tab to create a floating group , SlickEdit will automatically apply your default layout .
Sony is one of the world 's biggest and best - known electronics firms
Sony is recalling 440,000 Vaio laptop computers worldwide because of wiring faults that could cause overheating .
The recall concerns 19 Vaio models in the TZ series manufactured between May 2007 and July 2008 - but does not include models sold in the UK .
Sony said wires have been put in the wrong position near the hinge , while a flaw in the circuit board that controls the screen also may cause overheating .
The company said that a number of people had been burnt by the fault .
According to the company 373,000 of the Vaio laptops were sold worldwide in some 48 countries , with 67,000 sold in Japan .
Minor burns
Sony said that anyone who believed their machine was part of the recall should contact the firm to organise an inspection and rework of the wiring where needed .
And a Sony UK spokesperson said there had " been no reported incidents of this potential issue in products sold in the UK to date , and a product recall is not required " .
Sony has received 209 reports of overheating worldwide , including seven incidents where people received minor burns , Associated Press reported .
In 2006 , major laptop manufacturers including Dell , Hitachi , Apple , Lenovo and Toshiba were among those who recalled a total of 9.6 million Sony batteries after evidence that , in certain circumstances , the batteries could overheat and catch fire .
Much has been written about Scotland ’s mythical Deep - Fried Pizza , yet very little of it seems to be consistent .
Is the pizza battered or just dropped in the fryer next to the battered fish and the flaccid chips ?
The answer is seemingly arcane and mysterious …
Or rather it is exceedingly simple .
There are in fact two distinct kinds of deep - fried pizza ; the “ pizza ” and the “ pizza crunch ” .
One is battered – the crunch – and one is not .
In the interests of science , I bought both a “ 1/2 Fried Pizza Supper ” and a “ 1/2 Fried Pizza Crunch Supper ” .
As with all Scottish chip shops , the “ supper ” means with chips .
Aside for the colonies .
What you call chips we call crisps .
What you call fries we call … er , fries .
Contrary to the simplistic explanations you may have heard , our chips are not the same as your fries ( or rather , the Belgians ’ fries ) but they are in fact much larger and less crisp .
As scholars write theses on the difference , here ’s a cop -out ‘ pedia link so I do n’t have to try .
The pizza crunch was served in battered quarters whereas the plain pizza was merely halved and flopped top - down on the hearty potato produce .
A word on the quality of the pizzas : the chippy we bought these from is renowned for its hand - made pizzas .
These are not their fine produce .
These pizzas are the cheap frozen kind from the cash and carry .
Much like you do n’t get the finest cut of beef in a fancy restaurant if you order it well - done , you do n’t get the hand - crafted goodness when it ’s destined for the fryer .
If you look closely at the edge of the deep - fried pizza ( as opposed to the battered one ) you can see it ’s been well fried and is crisp and full of tasty oil .
Note the tasty chips cheese - glued to the top .
As you can see in the battered crunch , the pizza itself is remarkably ungreasy .
Yes , the shocking truth is that the battered pizza contains less oil than the unbattered one .
I ’ll be honest , both taste excellent .
Sure , they are not hand made and cooked in a wood - fired stone oven , but if you want that , there are plenty of quaint and pretentious little restaurants around .
Knock yourself out .
These are full - fat ned food for the guy in the track suit that would only run if the ‘ polis ’ were on his tail .
Let ’s be honest , they ’re cheap pizzas elevated to greatness by being deep - fried .
Marvellous .
And yes , to eat either these without a glass bottle of Irn Bru to wash it down would be heresy .
These delicacies were bought at Cafe Q in Strathaven , South Lanarkshire .
The prices are visible in the photo above .
£ 2.50 for the fried pizza with chips and £ 2.60 for the pizza crunch supper .
That ’s about $ 5 a meal .
All photos can be enlarged with a click .
If you are living in the eastern United States , the environment around you is being harmed by air pollution .
From Adirondack forests and Shenandoah streams to Appalachian wetlands and the Chesapeake Bay , a new report by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies and The Nature Conservancy has found that air pollution is degrading every major ecosystem type in the northeastern and mid-Atlantic United States .
The report , Threats From Above : Air Pollution Impacts on Ecosystems and Biological Diversity in the Eastern United States , is the first to analyze the large - scale effects that four air pollutants are having across a broad range of habitat types .
The majority of recent studies focus on one individual pollutant .
Over 32 experts contributed to the effort ; the prognosis is not good .
" Everywhere we looked , we found evidence of air pollution harming natural resources , " comments Dr. Gary M. Lovett , an ecologist at the Cary Institute and the lead author of the report .
" Decisive action is needed if we plan on preserving functioning ecosystems for future generations . "
Pollutants poison areas far from their point of origin
The pollutants assessed -- sulfur , nitrogen , mercury , and ground - level ozone -- largely originate from smokestacks , tailpipes , and agricultural operations .
While initially airborne , these pollutants eventually return to the landscape , where they contaminate the soil and water .
Airborne emissions can travel long distances before making their way back to the ground .
Because the eastern United States is downwind from large industrial and urban pollution sources , it receives the highest levels of deposited air pollution in North America .
This is bad news for vulnerable wildlife , forest productivity , soil health , water resources , and ultimately , economies .
advertisement
Co-author Dr. Timothy H. Tear , of The Nature Conservancy , comments , " Deposited pollutants have tangible human impacts .
Mercury contamination results in fish that are unsafe to eat .
Acidification kills fish and strips nutrients from soils .
Excess nitrogen pollutes estuaries , to the detriment of coastal fisheries .
And ground - level ozone reduces plant growth , a threat to forestry and agriculture . "
New air quality standards are critical to protecting natural resources
At the heart of the report is a call to action .
Currently , U.S. air quality standards are determined by direct impacts to human health , with regulations targeting emission levels -- what leaves tail pipes and smoke stacks .
They do not take into account where airborne pollution is actually deposited in the landscape or how this pollution compromises our soil and water resources and resident plants and animals .
" To safeguard ecosystem health , we need a new way of thinking about air pollution -- one that moves beyond measuring what is put up in the air , and captures actual impacts to natural areas , wildlife , and the services they provide , " Lovett notes .
The authors urge U.S. policymakers to establish air quality standards that are based on critical loads .
This is defined as the maximum level of deposited pollution that ecosystems can tolerate before harmful effects occur .
By establishing thresholds , pollutants can be regulated in a way that preserves functioning ecosystems .
In some areas , such as Rocky Mountain National Park , federal agencies have already adopted this approach to evaluate the threat from air pollution .
It is also being used to regulate air pollution throughout Europe .
Monitoring is an essential tool
Establishing critical loads will require renewed investment in monitoring programs for air pollution and the ecosystems it affects .
" We can't assess if ecosystems are harmed by air pollution if we do n't monitor them .
While some good pollution monitoring programs exist , our current system is fragmented , underfunded , and has serious gaps , " remarks Lovett .
While there may be initial costs to ramping up monitoring efforts , consider the alternative .
The fishless lakes of the Adirondacks are a harsh reminder that air pollution does not recognize property lines .
Tear concludes , " In the absence of critical loads , there is a false security in conventional land conservation .
We can manage natural areas with the best possible protocols , but we can't really ' protect ' the land if it is continually exposed to air pollution . "
View the report at http://www.ecostudies.org/Threats_from_Above.pdf.
At the moment , the House is officially scheduled to meet for less than three weeks in September before adjourning for the elections and perhaps the year  hardly enough time to mount an impeachment spectacle even if top Democratic lawmakers wanted one .
And they do not .
Despite whatever resonance pursuing the president might have in progressive Democratic circles , it is not the message Democrats want to carry into an election where they need to appeal to swing voters to increase their Congressional majorities and win the White House .
They would rather devote their final weeks to pushing economic relief and health care , even if they thought Mr. Bush and the conduct of the war merited impeachment hearings .
And leading Democrats argue anyway that Mr. Bush has already been tried and convicted in the court of public opinion .
“ He has been impeached by current history , ” said Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus .
“ He is going down as the worst president ever .
The facts are in . ”
Republicans have previously shown some appetite for luring Democrats into what they see as an impeachment trap , a set of hearings they could use to portray Democrats as bitter partisans .
But Republican strategists also recognize the political danger in getting too deep in defending Mr. Bush right before the election or in justifying the buildup to the Iraq war .
They might not be as eager as they once were for an impeachment fight .
Both parties know full well that the Republican push to impeach President Bill Clinton in 1998 did not work out for Republicans in the way they had hoped , giving many lawmakers pause when it comes to gaming out the political ups and downs of such an action .
The impeachment unrest among progressives dovetails with their profound disappointment that Democrats failed to cut off spending for the war in Iraq or impose a timetable for withdrawal after winning control of Congress in 2006 .
It is a disappointment that Ms. Pelosi has acknowledged she shares and one she attributes to the thin Democratic majority in the Senate and Republican determination to support Mr. Bush on the war , explanations that do not mollify staunch anti-war activists .
The McCain - Lobbyist Connection
Not only does the McCain campaign have more current and former lobbyist bundlers than any other candidate , but McCain has more current and former lobbyists working on his campaign staff than any other candidate in the 2008 presidential election .
Media Matters for America has previously catalogued the extensive number of lobbyists and their deep connections to industries , such as the communications industry , which McCain oversaw as chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee .
As the graphic below illustrates , McCain 's presidential campaign is chock full of former and current lobbyists .
Point your mouse at one of the campaign staffers surrounding McCain to see who they have lobbied for .
UPDATE : Recently , media scrutiny of the lobbyists working for John McCain 's campaign has led to several resignations from the McCain camp .
On May 15 , the campaign announced a new conflict - of - interest policy barring registered lobbyists and foreign agents from working for the campaign .
Campaign spokesman Jill Hazelbaker has reportedly said that the policy would not be retroactive .
McCain staffers who have left the campaign due to potential lobbying conflict - of - interest issues but who are not represented in the graphic below include Doug Davenport and Eric Burgeson .
Doug Goodyear , whom McCain chose to run the Republican National Convention , also resigned from his post after it was revealed that his firm had lobbied for the military junta in Myanmar .
The graphic below has been updated to account for recent changes in personnel and lobbyist status .
For documentation and citations for the information provided below , click here .
We ’ve been working with Oracle to bring a number of their products into the cloud .
The first fruits of this work are now ready : cloud - compatible licensing , EC2 AMIs preloaded with a variety of Oracle products , support programs , backup to the cloud , and a cloud management portal .
As more and more enterprises take a look at the Amazon Web Services , they invariably ask about packaged software , particularly databases .
With this announcement , AWS users now gain access to a commercial - grade , brand - name database , along with the necessary tools and middleware needed to build and host heavy duty enterprise applications in the Amazon cloud .
So , what ’s available ?
The Oracle Database 11g , Oracle Fusion Middleware , and Oracle Enterprise Manager can now be licensed to run in the cloud on Amazon EC2 .
Customers can even use their existing software licenses with no additional license fees .
Read more about cloud licensing here .
I should say a few words about licensing here because this question comes up all the time .
The variability and flexibility of cloud - based licensing has perplexed users and vendors for some time now .
Now that a large software vendor has made a clear statement of direction here , we should see more and more cloud - compatible licenses before too long .
These products , along with Oracle Enterprise Linux , are available in prepackaged , ready to run form , encapsulated within a set of free Amazon EC2 AMIs .
Using these AMIs , new instances can be launched and ready within minutes .
Of course , Oracle ’s development tools — Oracle Application Express , Oracle JDeveloper , Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse , and Oracle Workshop for WebLogic — can all be used to build applications for this new environment .
What does this mean ?
Instead of budgeting for and acquiring hardware , setting it up , installing an operating system and several layers of complex packages , you can simply launch one of these AMIs on EC2 and be up and running in minutes .
This is definitely no-fuss , no-muss application development and deployment .
But wait , there ’s more …
Oracle Enterprise Linux on EC2 is fully supported by Oracle Unbreakable Support and Amazon Premium Support .
Once again , another potential adoption barrier has been lowered .
If you ’ve got a problem , Oracle and Amazon are ready to help out .
There ’s also a secure backup solution for database servers running on EC2 or within the corporate network .
The new Oracle Secure Backup Cloud Module allows customers to use Amazon S3 as a backup destination with virtually unlimited capacity , obviating the need to deal with local backup devices .
The module encrypts backups and makes use of multiple connections to S3 to maximize throughput .
Need I even talk about how painful and expensive backup used to be ?
Buying expensive devices and media , keeping the media safe and secure offsite ( yet still available if needed for a recovery ) , dealing with physical space issues , and 100 other things .
Now , simply send your bits to Amazon S3 and forget about dealing with all of these other issues .
And if that ’s not enough , Oracle has also unveiled a new Cloud Management Portal .
This is a free , web - based way to manage Oracle software running in the cloud .
These products will be on display at Oracle OpenWorld , which is taking place this week at the Moscone Center in San Francisco .
If you are at the conference , please stop by the AWS booth to say hello and to learn more .
I ’ll be speaking at the Storage Developer Conference in Santa Clara tomorrow ( September 23 ) and will talk about this offering as well .
Once again , say hello .
Here are some very useful white papers and other resources :
And here are the AMIs :
— Jeff ;
Depending on who you talk to , Sarah Palin is either a hard - talking breath of fresh air or a fear - mongering greenhorn .
Now research suggests that such different reactions – and perhaps all political beliefs – might have a basis in biology .
“ Traditionally , political scientists have focused on the environmental aspects : school , the media , the family , the church , as the things that lead to beliefs they have , ” says Douglas Oxley , a political scientist at the University of Nebraska , in Lincoln .
However , his team discovered that social conservatives react more strongly to shocking images and sudden noises by sweating more and blinking harder , compared to liberals .
Such innate threat responses point to a biological , and perhaps genetic , basis for our politics , he says .
To uncover this trend , Oxley and Nebraska colleagues Kevin Smith and John Hibbing , quizzed 46 people on their political views , on topics ranging from the war in Iraq to capital punishment and premarital sex .
All the participants had strongly held beliefs that identified them as socially liberal or socially conservative .
Advertisement
Two months after the survey , the researchers showed the subjects random pictures , while measuring how imperceptible changes in their perspiration affected skin conductivity .
When an image of a bloodied face or maggot - filled wound appeared , conservatives sweated more than liberals , even after accounting for differences that might be due to sex , income , age or education .
Fear reaction
The same trend held for blinking in response to a loud , random noise .
Conservatives blinked a little bit harder than liberals , an innate response to a threat , Hibbing says .
This might be expected , based on the nature of the survey .
Although political , the questions split people into socially protective and socially permissive groups .
For the conservative views on issues like gun control and immigration , “ these are all things that would help me stay safer with my social group ” , Hibbing says .
“ Liberals will probably say conservatives are scaredy cats , ” while conservatives might call liberals naive , he says .
“ The more important point is that people differ ” .
Exactly why we differ is unclear , says Rose McDermott , a political psychologist at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
“ Where does this come from ?
Is it social ?
Is it genetic ?
Of course , it ’s not one or the other .
The question is to look at the ways our biology interacts with the environment . ”
Pointless debate ?
Oxley and Hibbing suspect that some genetic differences underlie our political leanings .
Previous research has shown that certain mutations affect how a region of the brain called the amygdala reacts to fearful images .
Such innate differences might explain why convincing a staunch Democrat to vote Republican is almost impossible .
And vice versa .
“ When we have two talking heads screaming at each other , they ’re not going to convince each other of what they believe if they are pre-disposed to have those beliefs , ” Oxley says .
With six weeks of increasingly bitter presidential campaigning ahead , voters may start to weary of the rancour , but such deep - held convictions could serve an important role .
“ It ’s probably a positive thing if we have a mix of people who have beliefs in politics that are protective of society and also politics that are more risk - taking , ” he says .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1157627 )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Justice Department unveiled proposed new rules on Friday for FBI investigations , changes a civil liberties group criticized for giving agents powers to investigate Americans without proper suspicion .
In its first major change in years , the Justice Department proposed a consolidated set of guidelines for domestic FBI operations , seeking to apply the same rules for criminal and terrorism cases , and for collecting foreign intelligence .
The guidelines were first adopted in the 1970s following disclosures that the FBI under J. Edgar Hoover had run a widespread domestic surveillance program that spied on civil rights activists and political opponents .
Officials said the new guidelines , which total 45 pages , were still being revised after consultations with Congress and civil liberties groups .
The new rules are expected to take effect on October 1 .
Justice Department and FBI officials told a news briefing the changes would allow agents in some terrorism cases to use informants , do physical surveillance and conduct interviews without identifying themselves or their true purpose .
They said such techniques currently could be used in ordinary criminal cases , but not for those involving national security , before an investigation has begun .
The American Civil Liberties Union expressed concern the rewritten rules had been drafted in a way to allow the FBI to begin surveillance without factual evidence to back it up .
It said that under the new guidelines , a person ’s race or ethnic background could be used as a factor in opening an investigation , a move the ACLU believes will institute racial profiling as a matter of policy .
ACLU Washington legislative director Caroline Fredrickson said , “ Agents will be given unparalleled leeway to investigate Americans without proper suspicion , and that will inevitably result in constitutional violations . ”
Anthony Romero , the ACLU ’s executive director , said , “ Issuing guidelines that permit racial profiling the day after the 9/11 anniversary and in the midst of a historic presidential campaign is typical Bush administration stagecraft designed to exploit legitimate security concerns for partisan political purposes . ”
Department officials said the guidelines would not allow an investigation based solely on a person ’s race or religion .
“ We are not changing our basic approach when race , religion or ethnicity may be taken into consideration , ” said one official who declined to be identified .
“ The Department of Justice has long been concerned about the use of race or ethnicity in investigations .
But it is simply not responsible to say that race may never be taken into account when conducting an investigation , ” spokesman Brian Roehrkasse said in a statement after the briefing .
( CNN ) --
Breaking up over e-mail is a social no -no .
But sending an e-card telling someone to get tested for STDs may be a public health courtesy .
A California - based nonprofit allows users to send free e-cards notifying their sexual partners to get tested for STDs .
Since 2004 , a free Web site , inSpot.org has allowed users to anonymously notify their partners to get tested for STDs such as HIV , gonorrhea , chlamydia and syphilis .
It may not be the most personal way of delivering the news , but researchers say it beats not saying anything at all .
" When you weigh the importance of getting people notified , that 's ultimately what needs to be done , " said Jeffrey D. Klausner , director of STD Prevention and Control Services in San Francisco , California 's Department of Public Health .
" By notifying them -- even if it 's done anonymously , even distantly , even with an e-card -- the benefits of getting someone diagnosed and treated outweigh the concerns of insensitivity . "
The electronic cards deliver the news in a variety of styles .
Some are flirty : " You 're too hot to be out of action .
I got diagnosed with an STD since we played .
You might want to get checked too . "
Some are somber : " Who ?
What ?
When ?
Where ?
It does n't matter .
I got an STD ; you might have it too .
Please get checked out . "
If the recipient lives within 10 of the cities that have teamed up with the site creators , Internet Sexuality Information Services , they 're directed to local testing and treatment facilities .
" It 's not like you get a card and it's , ' Oh no , it 's a dead end , ' " said Deb Levine , executive director of Internet Sexuality Information Services , a nonprofit organization .
" The card leads you to regularly updated information about what you may have been exposed to . "
The site started in San Francisco and has spread to 10 cities such as New York and Chicago , Illinois .
It also has taken root in Canada and Romania , and is being translated into French and Russian , Levine said .
The creators said they are aware of the possibility of misuse , but fewer than 10 recipients have reported that they received the cards in error .
" Our percentage of complaints is very low , " Levine said .
" It 's extremely low compared to the number of cards that are sent . "
Since inSPOT 's launch , more than 50,000 e-cards have been sent , according to a report in the journal PLOS Medicine this week .
At Magnet , a gay men's health center in San Francisco , some of the men send the inSPOT e-cards using the computers there after learning they have an STD , said Steve Gibson , the center 's director .
" Whether it 's using inSPOT or an online chat room , it 's a useful tool , because sometimes it 's the only way they know to reach them , " Gibson said .
" We do n't have a lot of people expressing reluctance sending or receiving the e-mails , " he said .
" Maybe San Francisco guys are wired and connected , getting e-mails , Twitters and texts .
Maybe we 're permeated with enough technology .
There 's not a bias or reluctance against it . "
For more than 70 years , the traditional method of notification was for the person to inform his or her partners or to give the partners ' contact information to the public health department .
But public health agencies do n't always have the means , officials say .
" There are n't enough trained people to go around , " said Dr. Matthew Hogben , Chief of Behavioral Interventions at the Center for Disease Control 's Division of STD Prevention .
" It 's a stretch .
There are over 300,000 gonorrhea cases , over a million of chlamydia cases .
...
It was useful for 20,000 , but you can't expand it to millions .
Klausner in San Francisco agreed : " Resources of the health department have been decimated .
They do n't have the capacity to do that kind of notification anymore .
We needed to come up with something to serve the needs , to notify , that would be used and have an impact . "
The e-cards are becoming a contemporary necessity , officials say .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Chlamydia
MayoClinic.com : Chlamydia MayoClinic.com : HIV / AIDS
In 1999 , the San Francisco Public Health Department observed an outbreak of syphilis among gay men and learned that many were using Internet chat rooms to meet sexual partners .
" People are using online means to meet partners , " Klausner said .
" It was critical to develop online tools to promote sexual health and address this new venue . "
The health department promoted syphilis testing in the chat room through screen names and e-mails .
Five years later , Internet Sexuality Information Services and the health department assembled a focus group of gay men to discuss partner notification .
They found that most men told their primary partners about an STD diagnosis , " but despite good intentions , they did not tell their casual partners , " according to their report .
" That was really the key , " Levine said .
" We asked them , ' Why do n't you tell them ? '
Truthfully , the reason was obvious .
It 's not the easiest thing to do . "
A person with an STD is not legally required to inform any partners .
And the prospect of a face - to - face confrontation or an angry , emotional conversation often makes the task daunting .
The focus group 's message was : " We want to be accountable to the community .
We want to be responsible .
We want to do this , but we 're not doing this .
If there was an easy anonymous way to do it , we would take advantage , " Levine said .
Their inspiration for the STD cards came from evites , an electronic invitation for parties and events .
The inSPOT.org cards started with a focus on gay men , but have expanded to all sexually active people .
Levine said they 'd like to conduct further research to gauge the effectiveness of the e-cards .
" I see this as something that can help , but it 's clear we do n't know the extent it helps , " Hogben said about the e-cards .
" It 's good to involve the patient .
It gives people a vested interest in the health care system . "
All About HIV and AIDS • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention • Sexually Transmitted Diseases • San Francisco
There are , especially in Europe and East Asia , and to a limited extent in the Western Hemisphere , small countries that are well governed .
But among large , populous countries , there appears to be only one well - governed country : Germany .
The United States is the third largest country by land mass ( after Russia and Canada ) and population ( after India and China ) , the wealthiest , the militarily most powerful , and generally regarded as the leading nation in the world — its geopolitical center .
But all these are negatives from the standpoint of governance , as are the nation ’s ethnic and cultural diversity , political divisiveness , high crime rates , and highly unequal distribution of income .
Another major negative is the difficulty of changing the U.S. Constitution .
Although there have been a number of amendments , the basic structure , set by the original Constitution of 1789 , has not been changed significantly .
A serious problem of governance , or management , that all but the smallest organizations , whether private or governmental , encounter is the tension between the goals of the organization and the personal goals , which typically differ , of the individuals who comprise the organization .
Stated differently , the individuals have personal utility functions that differ from the organization ’s utility function .
The larger the organization , the greater the divergence is likely to be and the more difficult to minimize .
The organization that is the federal government of the United States has more than 4 million employees .
Competition between organizations is an important control on the divergence ( which economists refer to as “ agency costs ” — the costs created by the fact that the employees of an organization have their own goals that often conflict with those of their employer ) .
But nations do not feel the same competitive pressures as corporations .
Even a small , miserable , effectively bankrupt nation like Greece does not disappear , as large corporations not infrequently do , because of its inefficiency .
Because corporations are simpler and smaller and also more constrained by competition than nations , we can expect them to be managed more efficiently , and specifically to adopt an organizational structure that minimizes agency costs .
So let ’s glance at the structure of the typical large corporation and compare it to our federal government structure .
There will be a board of directors to exercise a general but loose supervision over the corporation ( and in turn subject to very loose control by the shareholders ) , intervening decisively only in crisis situations or where there is vacancy in the office of the Chief Executive Officer .
The CEO will be the dominant figure in the corporation , exercising something close to dictatorial power , assisted by a small personal staff .
Often he will overshadow the chairman of the board of directors — he may even double as chairman and CEO .
There will be a Chief Operating Officer , exercising day to day management , while the CEO , as the public face of the corporation , will formulate policy , provide overall guidance , inspiration , and “ vision , ” appoint the major subordinate corporate officials ( general counsel , chief information officer , chief financial officer , etc. ) , and maintain personal relations with important investors , customers , competitors , and regulatory officials .
The corporation will have several or many operating divisions , reporting to the COO or CEO , each headed by a vice president or equivalent .
The employees in each division will serve at the pleasure of their superiors ; no one will have fixed tenure .
Compare the federal government .
The closest to a board of directors is the Congress , but it differs mainly in having a good deal of policy responsibility , and , since it does not appoint and is not appointed by the President ( corresponding to a corporate CEO ) , there is no presumption that its policy preferences will coincide with the President ’s .
The President ’s exercise of his own policymaking powers will often work at cross-purposes with Congress ’s exercise of its powers ; nor can he appoint senior officials without the concurrence of a division of the Congress , namely the Senate .
A further dilution of presidential power results form the existence of an independent federal judiciary , headed by the Supreme Court .
Federal judges and Justices have lifetime tenure , can invalidate legislative and executive action both federal and state , and rarely ( because of that tenure ) will a President be able to appoint a majority of the Supreme Court Justices or other federal judges .
The President has a personal staff ( officially the “ Executive Office of the President ” ) that numbers more than 2000 .
The staff assists him in overseeing the large number of “ divisions ” ( executive departments , such as State and Defense and free - standing agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency ) into which the federal government is divided .
The heads of these divisions , however , do not have hiring or firing authority , as a practical matter , over most of the employees , who are tenured civil servants .
The heads serve short terms , and often are appointed for political reasons unrelated to experience or competence .
The brevity of their terms and frequent lack of relevant skills or knowledge create tense relations with the tenured bureaucrats .
As a result , the President ’s control over the more than 4 million federal employees ( of whom about 40 percent are military ) is as a practical matter quite limited .
A further division of government is brought about by federalism : the division of the nation into 50 states , each with quasi - sovereign powers .
The federal government has considerable power over the states , but far less than a CEO or COO would have over the operating divisions of their corporation .
The structure of the federal government reflects the state of the nation in the eighteenth century .
The population was roughly 1 percent of what it is today , there were only 13 states and as a result the Congress was small , and the federal government was tiny .
It is doubtful that starting over in today ’s circumstances a constitutional convention would create a similar system .
The most glaring deficiency is the limited authority of the President and the absence of an official corresponding to the Chief Operating Officer of a private corporation .
From an efficiency standpoint the President should be able to promulgate laws ( not just regulations ) , subject to override by supermajorities of Congress ; appoint subordinate officials without the concurrence of the Senate ; and create a position analogous to that of a COO ; this would result in a structure analogous to that of France , which has both a President and a prime minister , the latter being in charge of day to day governmental operations ( though France is not an example of a well - governed country ) .
The President should also be authorized to control the finances of the states , alter their boundaries , appoint their principal officials , and veto their laws .
And no civil servants should have tenure .
The result of all these changes would be to conform American government to the “ government ” of a large private corporation .
Maybe the President would become the “ outside ” partner and his Chief Operating Officer the “ inside ” partner , the former dealing with relations with foreign countries ( in the broadest sense , comprehending not only foreign relations in the conventional sense , but also immigration , trade , and military assistance and intervention ) , the latter with the formulation and implementation of domestic policies .
Of course these are not feasible reforms .
Anything that strengthens the President weakens other sources of power , not only in the government itself ( legislators , civil servants ) but also in the private sector , which through campaign donations and other forms of political activity exert a powerful and self - interested influence on governmental action , resulting in enormous waste and perversity .
In an interesting and ominous book by Joseph A. Tainter called The Collapse of Complex Societies ( 1988 ) , the author points to historical episodes of collapse of societies that had become too complex to manage effectively , such as the Mayan civilization of Central American and the Western Roman Empire .
Successful societies , such as Britain , the United States , and Germany , in the nineteenth century , and Japan and the Soviet Union in roughly the first half of the twentieth century , tend , like successful companies , to expand .
Expansion makes governance more complex , which can lead to ungovernability and eventual collapse .
Companies that become ungovernable can shrink to a manageable size by selling off parts of themselves ; or they can simply liquidate , in which event their assets are sold to other companies .
There are examples in the government sphere , as in the peaceful division of Czechoslovakia into Slovakia and the Czech Republic , or the peaceful dissolution of the Soviet Union , but more often such fragmentation is involuntary , often indeed violent .
Ms. Lapriss Gilbert an African - American Lesbian was subject to discrimination yesterday while going to the Social Security office .
A federal guard hired by Homeland Security objected to her lesbian.com t- shirt on the account that it was " offensive . "
Lesbian.com is an education and resource site for lesbian identified women .
The unnamed guard is contracted by Paragon Systems .
Ms. Gilbert along with the ACLU are filing a lawsuit against the company .
Please urge the company to fire this homophobic " security agent . "
Paragon Systems Inc .
14160 Newbrook Dr.
Suite 150
Chantilly , VA 20151-2297
Phone : ( 703 ) 263-7176
Fax : ( 703 ) 263-9527
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. , Monday - Friday , EST
Great personality = ugly as sin :
The dating dictionary that teaches lonely hearts how to read between the lines
Five - times - married Jan Leeming claimed in Femail last week that internet dating has given her a new lease of life - and she 's not alone .
A staggering 65 per cent of British singletons now turn to the internet looking for love .
But everyone who 's ever dated online knows personal profiles can be a minefield - too often a tall , dark , handsome millionaire turns out to be a short , fat , ugly geek .
Here , to help you read between the lines of adverts , CLAUDIA CONNELL brings you a handy his ' n ' hers Dating Dictionary .
WHAT WOMEN REALLY MEAN
ADORABLE Wetter than Pamela Anderson 's swimming costume .
She 'll be forever showing you pictures of fluffy kittens on her mobile phone and , on your first date , will have given pet names to all your fingers before the main course arrives .
CURVY Fat .
Forget any silly notions of Marilyn Monroe 's softly sensuous body .
This girl is more pint glass than hourglass .
VOLUPTUOUS
Fat and shows too much flesh in clothes two sizes too small for her .
BUBBLY Fat AND annoying .
Tries to make up for her ample size by being the life and soul of the party and fails in all respects .
His ad says he 's attractive , sporty and 5ft 10in .
That means he 's ugly , 5ft 3in and plays snooker
CUDDLY Morbidly obese .
A date would necessitate the removal of the roof and a whale sling .
Cuddling is very unlikely , although squashing is a distinct possibility .
BBW Stands for ' big , beautiful woman ' .
Well , two out of three 's not bad .
She 's certainly big and female .
But it 's doubtful many beholders will consider her beautiful .
SIZE 10 In Uzbekistan .
On the UK High Street it 's a completely different story .
FIERY Psychotic .
Cancel a date with this girl and you 'll come home to find your car has been keyed and all the sleeves have been cut off your shirts .
VIVACIOUS Aggressive .
An opinionated finger - jabber .
She 's got views on everything and she 's not afraid to ram them forcefully down your throat .
GREAT PERSONALITY
Ugly as sin .
If a woman is selling her personality , then her face looks good in a paper bag .
ARTISTIC Drama Queen .
Welcome to a world of slamming doors , smashed crockery and huffy silences .
ATHLETIC AND TONED
Flat chested and shapeless .
A sexless , lumpless and bumpless Tomboy .
AGE 34 Age 43 .
There 's more chance of winning the Lottery on a double rollover week than there is of being a woman over 35 and getting a date on the internet .
It does n't matter if the guy is 60 , he 'll still confine his searches to ' 35 and under ' , so any woman 's age should be taken as a ball park figure .
PLAYFUL Hussy .
Working her way through the internet site and it's your turn .
GIRLY
Thick .
Shallower than a mouse 's foot bath .
High School Musical is her idea of high brow .
She can tell you the name of every character in TV teen drama Gossip Girl , but has no idea who the Prime Minister is .
LIVES LIFE TO THE FULL Alcoholic .
Likes to start the day with a couple of Bacardi Breezers .
Happy
Hour is her favourite time of day .
I 'M INTO WHIRLWIND ROMANCES
My visa runs out in 10 days and if I do n't get married I 'll be deported .
CHALLENGING
High - maintenance pain in the neck .
HOMELY Frump .
You want to paint the town red and she 'll want you to paint her living room beige .
Brace yourself for a world of cup - a - soups and novelty toilet roll holders .
LOYAL Stalker .
She 'll have Googled you and looked you up on Friends Reunited before you even meet .
Her brain cannot process the words : ' I do n't think you 're quite right for me . '
LIKES THE FINER THINGS IN LIFE Gold digger .
Looking for a new wardrobe , jewellery and a few weekends away before she dumps you for a 25 - year - old Adonis .
HONEST
No social skills .
The censorship button in her brain does n't work .
Says whatever comes into her head .
SENSITIVE
Cry baby .
Woe betide you if you do n't notice she 's had her hair cut or that she 's wearing new shoelaces .
WHAT MEN REALLY MEAN
ATTRACTIVE Plain .
Everyone in online dating is ' attractive . '
In the real world it means ' pleasant to look at ' - in the internet - speak it means : two eyes , two ears and a mouth .
FAIRLY ATTRACTIVE
Gutchurningly hideous .
When he's not even claiming to be attractive , it 's time to worry .
Andrew Lloyd Webber will look like a Calvin Klein model next to this guy .
Meeting under the cover of darkness is advised .
TOLD ATTRACTIVE
By my mother , the only woman I 've every loved or am ever likely to .
RUGBY PLAYER'S BUILD
One who retired 10 years ago .
Stop thinking : Jonny Wilkinson .
Start thinking : Johnny Vegas .
Translation :
When his ad says ' rugby player 's build ' he does n't mean Jonny Wilkinson , he really means Johnny Vegas
DISCRETION EXPECTED
I 'm married and do n't want my wife to know .
DISCRETION OFFERED
I do n't care if you 're married too .
HOPE YOU LIKE MY PICTURE Taken 10 years ago and bears no resemblance on now .
MODERN MAN
We 'll be splitting the bill 50/50 .
I go on three of these internet dates a week .
So unless you 're a sure thing you pay for your own dinner .
NOT JUST LOOKING FOR SEX I am just looking for sex but hope you wo n't see through my cunning reverse psychology .
WILLING TO TRAVEL Lives in a filthy flea - ridden hovel that he can't possibly let you see .
ADVENTUROUS
Pervert .
He can turn anything into a double entendre .
On a date he 'll order graphically named cocktails and talk dirty with you over the garlic bread .
NORMAL KIND OF GUY Normal in a Norman Bates kind of way .
Normality should be a given , so run a mile from anyone selling it as a good point .
GSOH ( GOOD SENSE OF HUMOUR )
No sense of humour .
The golden rule of internet dating is that anyone who feels obliged to mention they have a sense of humour is usually devoid of one .
EARNS A SIX - FIGURE SALARY
Yes , he does .
But he includes pence in that figure .
NEVER DONE THIS
Have done this a thousand times before , but I 'm too embarrassed to admit it , so will pretend that you 're my first .
FUN AND ZANY Mental age of a 12 - year - old .
Your date will be a riot of whoopee cushions , itching powder and fake - dogpoo - filled fun .
LOOKS NOT IMPORTANT
Barrel - scraping beggar who can't afford to be a chooser .
5ft 10 5 ft 7 .
It 's safe to deduct three inches from any man claiming to be between 5ft 7 and 5ft 10 .
SPORTY
I watched the Olympics and play snooker for the local pub team .
UNIQUE
Sex change .
Best not to hang around long enough to find out whether it 's pre op or post op .
NOT INTO EMAIL TENNIS
I need to secure a date as soon as possible , before you suss out what a tedious dullard I am .
OLD FASHIONED
Male chauvinist pig .
A woman 's place is in the home and , more precisely , the kitchen - preferably cooking his meals and elbow deep in his dirty shirts .
TRADITIONAL Patronising .
He 'll order for you in a restaurant and pat you on the bottom and say ' do n't you worry your pretty head about it ' when you ask him about his day .
MANLY Hairy .
Only to be pursued if you like men who moult all over your furniture .
DISTINGUISHED
Old .
Speak slowly and clearly and always be within five minutes of a toilet .
The good news is he travels for free and gets in half - price at the cinema .
INDEPENDENT
Lying , cheating commitment - phobic scum .
UNCONVENTIONAL
Insane .
The sort of person you cross the road to avoid , even if the road is the M1 in the rushhour .
ASPIRATIONAL Broke .
He has lofty ideas , but not a penny to his name .
Expect early - bird specials on your date .
ROMANTIC
Oily creep .
The flowers come from the garage forecourt and he calls you ' babe ' or ' sweetheart ' because he can't remember your name .
The computer chair is one of the abominations of the age .
It is a design that embodies the savage dehumanising brutalism of the late twentieth century .
My loathing of ‘ computer chairs ’ comes from an incident with a fat programmer I once worked with .
Chairs seem to come in only one size .
On the other hand , humans do n’t , for when God made Mark , he used an extra wad of clay .
Mark was big , and his sedentary life did n’t help .
God seemed to have had a spherical theme in his mind that day .
One day , whist exasperated with some ineffectual bug - tracking , Mark flopped down heavily onto his computer chair .
The chair had a piston spring that gave a height adjustment , and cushioned any shock .
The top mounting of the piston gave way under the severe compression forces , and the piston rod shot upward , straight through the top of the chairs support , and nearly impaled the hapless programmer .
It was a close thing , and Mark was severely shaken by the incident .
We all were , having seen the sharp end of the rod a clear half - inch proud of the seat , having penetrated the plastic moulded seat .
There is actually no need to reinvent the chair for the computer age .
There are already several perfectly adequate designs proven by many thousands of years of sitting down .
You may think that the whole idea of sitting is a modern invention , like the introduction of the cluster bomb , or the invention of the health and safety officer .
Actually , the very earliest terracotta images of people excavated from mounds by the Black Sea , show people four thousand years ago contentedly sitting in comfy wickerwork chairs .
Many crafts entailed sitting down for quite as many hours as we do .
There was never any radical requirement for ‘ anatomically contoured cushions , premium components and a robotically welded steel frame infrastructure ’… with … ’ precision backrest adjustment ‘… and ….
‘ Adjustable lumbar support ’ .
They had it sussed .
The human body is n’t designed for the sedentary life .
The lymphatic system only really works if you are in fairly constant movement .
The idea of making a chair so comfortable that you never need to move or wriggle is a dangerous one .
Also , you must be able to vary the distance at which you focus your eye , and alter the angle of your spine .
We ’re fortunate to know how those people with sedentary jobs in the middle ages coped , due to the survival of illustrations in incunabula ( early printed books from before 1500 ) , and the large number of drawings in the margins of illuminated manuscripts ( inserted deliberately to assist memorisation ) .
The sketches of scribes , jewellers , clerics , translators and so on show in enough detail that they preferred benches , sometimes dished .
Many , particularly accountants , always worked standing up , or in high benches like choir - stalls .
The introduction of the Windsor rocking chair in about 1720 represented a radical change of design , which was a clear advance .
You can flex , wriggle , swivel and rock back and forwards .
You have support for your arms , and perfect back support .
At any time you can alter your centre of gravity by flexing or relaxing your legs .
You can change the distance between your eyes and your work just by tipping forwards or backwards .
I ’ve spent the last ten years or so using a Windsor Rocking chair for working at a computer , quite often for twelve or more hours at a stretch .
I have a few , and they are more comfortable for long use in front of a computer than anything else I ’ve tried .
You need to select one where the seat is highly dished , with a pronounced ‘ moulding ’ at the front .
It never occurs to me that there is such a thing as discomfort whilst working at a computer , unless , of course , circumstances demand that I have to sit on a wretched ‘ computer chair ’ , as insisted upon by the Health and Safety Stazi .
HTTParty : Quick Web Service Consumption From Any Ruby Class
By Peter Cooper
HTTParty is a new Ruby library by John Nunemaker ( of railstips.org fame ) that makes it a snap to build classes that can use Web - based APIs and related services .
At its simplest , you include the HTTParty module within a class , which gives your class a " get " method that can retrieve data over HTTP .
Further directives , however , instruct HTTParty to parse results ( XML , JSON , and so on ) , define base URIs for the requests , and define HTTP authentication information .
HTTParty 's simplicity is demonstrated in the most " complex " example John gives in his introduction post - a Representative class that can retrieve information about US Representatives from whoismyrepresentative.com :
require ' rubygems ' require ' httparty ' class Representative include HTTParty base_uri ' whoismyrepresentative.com ' default_params : output => ' json ' format : json def self.find_by_zip ( zip ) get (' /whoismyrep.php ' , : query => { :zip => zip } ) end def self.get_all_by_name ( last_name ) get ( ' /getall_reps_byname.php ' , : query => { : lastname => last_name }) end end puts Representative .
get_all_by_name (' Donnelly ' ) .
inspect
That code will work for you after a simple gem install httparty .
So , join the HTTParty now ; it looks pretty fun .
In 1930 , Einstein and Leo Szilard designed a refrigerator that required no electricity and had no moving parts .
While almost everybody knows how Einstein revolutionized physics with his theories of relativity , many people may not know that the great scientist had a domestic side , too .
Well , sort of - in 1930 , Einstein and his former student Leo Szilard designed a refrigerator that required no electricity and had no moving parts .
However , as refrigerator technology became more efficient , Einstein 's design was nearly forgotten .
Now , Malcolm McCulloch , an electrical engineer at Oxford , is trying to bring Einstein 's refrigerator back .
McCulloch explains that the design is environmentally friendly and could prove especially useful in developing countries , where demand for cooling appliances is quickly increasing .
McCulloch 's team has recently built a prototype of Einstein and Szilard 's refrigerator .
Instead of compressing man-made greenhouse gases called freons , as typical refrigerators do , the prototype uses pressurized gas to keep items cold .
The refrigerator just requires a way to heat the liquids , and McCulloch has been working on developing a solar energy system to meet this requirement .
The refrigerator is based on the idea that liquids boil at low temperatures when the surrounding air pressure is low .
" If you go to the top of Mount Everest , water boils at a much lower temperature than it does when you ´re at sea level , and that ´s because the pressure is much lower up there , " McCulloch said .
In their refrigerator prototype , the scientists filled a flask with liquid butane ( which is also commonly sold as a liquid in cigarette lighters and as a gas for cooking ) .
Then the scientists introduced a new vapor to decrease the air pressure , which decreases the liquid boiling temperature , causing the butane to boil .
As the butane boils , it takes energy from the surroundings , and lowers the temperature inside the refrigerator .
Although Einstein and Szilard´s original design was not as efficient as the freon refrigerators that replaced them , McCulloch plans to improve the design by using different kinds of gases .
He predicts these improvements could quadruple the refrigerator´s efficiency .
The fact that the refrigerator has no moving parts could also be advantageous , he explains , as it would require minimal maintenance and so could be particularly useful in rural areas .
McCulloch emphasizes that the refrigerator is still just a prototype , but he hopes to one day commercialize it .
The work is part of his team 's three - year project to develop robust appliances that can be used in locations without electricity .
via : The Guardian
What 's up with Nouri al - Maliki ?
As security anxieties subside in this slowly calming city , political speculation has rarely been so intense .
First , it was Maliki 's demand that all US troops leave Iraq by the end of 2011 .
Then came signs that his government wants to undermine the Sunni tribal militias , known as the Awakening councils , on whom the Americans have relied to defeat al - Qaida in Iraq .
Now there are moves to take on the powerful Kurdish peshmerga troops and push them out of disputed areas in the strategic central province of Diyala .
Why is the prime minister doing this ?
Is " the puppet breaking his strings " , as one Arab newspaper put it ?
Or is the more appropriate metaphor " dropping the mask " ?
Those who knew Maliki in exile in Syria during Saddam Hussein 's time now recall that he opposed the US - led invasion .
His Daawa party did not attend the eve-of - invasion conference of US - and UK - supported exiles in London , and he opposed the party 's decision six months later to join the hand - picked " governing council " set up by the first occupation overlord , Paul Bremer .
Maliki's new line has discomforted the Americans .
Some officials put on a brave face , saying it is a sign of Iraqi confidence in their own sovereignty , a development that , of course , they support as proof that the Bush administration 's strategy of rebuilding a proud country is succeeding .
Others say it reflects overconfidence , even hubris , as Iraq is a long way from being able to survive without US military protection .
Either way , playing the nationalist card has huge potential consequences in Iraq .
With provincial and parliamentary elections expected next year , it will sharpen the struggle for dominance in the Shia community .
It is designed to undercut the appeal of the radical cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , a consistent opponent of the occupation who is re-profiling his movement on the lines of Lebanon 's Hizbullah .
Its Mahdi army militia will be slimmed into a group of experienced resistance fighters , kept in reserve for action against US troops rather than to fight Iraqi Sunnis , while the rest of the movement goes into communal politics .
Posing as the nationalist who managed to get the US to accept a timetable for withdrawal ( the tense negotiations could yet founder ) allows Maliki to distance himself from his main Shia allies in government , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) , seen as keen backers of the occupation .
It also diverts attention from the chronic power cuts and other economic troubles .
Every government has to fight on its record in office , but , by turning himself into a patriotic Iraqi hero , Maliki may sidestep this .
Some observers suggest he may even go to the elections on a " prime minister 's list " , to redefine himself as no longer a Shia or a political Islamist , so as to win support from Iraq 's secular and non-sectarian urban middle class .
But there are uncomfortable echoes here of the effort by Ayad Allawi , the prime minister appointed by the US in 2004 , to project himself in the December 2005 elections as a strong man .
His vote total fell a long way below his expectations .
But if Maliki wants to present a new image as a man who stands up to the Americans , why does he choose this moment to go after Sunnis and Kurds ?
The principle of disarming all militias , and not just those of his Shia rivals , such as Sadr , may be laudable but the timing is highly risky and threatens to overload the circuits .
Going after the Sunnis and Kurds may fail , dooming Maliki to defeat .
Many Sunnis already believe he is a tool of the Iranians .
Now they say his sudden anti-Americanism is no proof of Iraqi patriotism , but just shows he is a tool of Tehran .
The Iranians want the US out of Iraq , not only in order to undermine US credibility in the region .
They interpret Washington 's support for the Awakening councils as a tilt towards the Sunnis and an effort to re-balance Iraqi politics from the Shia dominance of the early post- invasion period .
Maliki 's tough stance towards the US could doom him personally .
The US toppled his predecessor , Ibrahim Jaaferi , and , even though US power in Iraq has declined since then , it may find a way to remove Maliki too .
It would not demand that the prime minister go , as it did in 2006 , but could undermine his parliamentary majority .
The US has alternative candidates , including the ambitious vice - president , Adel Abdel Mahdi , and the Sunni defence minister , Abdul Qader al - Obeidi , who told the New York Times in January that US troops would be needed for another 10 years .
Whatever his motives , Maliki 's move has certainly shaken up Iraqi politics and forced the issue of a clear US departure timetable on to the agenda .
The Iraqi prime minister has put Bush and McCain on to the back foot , and given help to Obama .
Whether Maliki or Bush blinks first remains to be seen .
j.steele@theguardian.com
U.S. government scientists bombarding skies with acid-rain causing pollutant in name of fighting global warming
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Friday , September 5 , 2008
U.S. government scientists are bombarding the skies with the acid-rain causing pollutant sulphur dioxide in an attempt to fight global warming by “ geo-engineering ” the planet , despite the fact that injecting aerosols into the upper atmosphere carries with it a host of both known and unknown dangers .
The proposal to disperse sulphur dioxide in an attempt to reflect sunlight was again raised in a London Guardian article this week entitled , Geoengineering :
The radical ideas to combat global warming , in which Ken Caldeira , a leading climate scientist based at the Carnegie Institution in Stanford , California , promotes the idea of injecting the atmosphere with aerosols .
“ One approach is to insert “ scatterers ” into the stratosphere , ” states the article .
“ Caldeira cites an idea to deploy jumbo jets into the upper atmosphere and deposit clouds of tiny particles there , such as sulphur dioxide .
Dispersing around 1 m tonnes of sulphur dioxide per year across 10 m square kilometres of the atmosphere would be enough to reflect away sufficient amounts of sunlight . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Experiments similar to Caldeira ’s proposal are already being carried out by U.S. government - backed scientists , such as those at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s ( DOE ) Savannah River National Laboratory in Aiken , S.C , who this year conducted studies which involved shooting huge amounts of particulate matter , in this case “ porous - walled glass microspheres , ” into the stratosphere .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The project , which reached its conclusion this past April , is closely tied to an idea by Nobel Prize winner Paul Crutzen , who “ proposed sending aircraft 747s to dump huge quantities of sulfur particles into the far - reaches of the stratosphere to cool down the atmosphere . ”
Such programs merely scratch the surface of what is likely to be a gargantuan and overarching black - budget funded project to geo-engineer the planet , with little or no care for the unknown environmental consequences this could engender .
What is known about what happens when the environment is loaded with sulphur dioxide is bad enough , since the compound is the main component of acid rain , which according to the EPA “ Causes acidification of lakes and streams and contributes to the damage of trees at high elevations ( for example , red spruce trees above 2,000 feet ) and many sensitive forest soils .
In addition , acid rain accelerates the decay of building materials and paints , including irreplaceable buildings , statues , and sculptures that are part of our nation ’s cultural heritage . ”
The health effects of bombarding the skies with sulphur dioxide alone are enough to raise serious questions about whether such programs should even be allowed to proceed .
The following health effects are linked with exposure to sulphur .
– Neurological effects and behavioural changes
– Disturbance of blood circulation
– Heart damage
– Effects on eyes and eyesight
– Reproductive failure
– Damage to immune systems
– Stomach and gastrointestinal disorder
– Damage to liver and kidney functions
– Hearing defects
– Disturbance of the hormonal metabolism
– Dermatological effects
– Suffocation and lung embolism
According to the LennTech website , “ Laboratory tests with test animals have indicated that sulfur can cause serious vascular damage in veins of the brains , the heart and the kidneys .
These tests have also indicated that certain forms of sulfur can cause foetal damage and congenital effects .
Mothers can even carry sulfur poisoning over to their children through mother milk .
Finally , sulfur can damage the internal enzyme systems of animals . ”
Fred Singer , president of the Science Environmental Policy Project and a skeptic of man-made global warming theories , warns that the consequences of tinkering with the planet ’s delicate eco-system could have far - reaching dangers .
“ If you do this on a continuous basis , you would depress the ozone layer and cause all kinds of other problems that people would rather avoid , ” said Singer .
Even Greenpeace ’s chief UK scientist – a staunch advocate of the man-made global warming explanation – Doug Parr has slammed attempts to geo-engineer the planet as “ outlandish ” and “ dangerous ” .
Stephen Schneider of Stanford University , who recently proposed a bizarre plan to send spaceships into the upper atmosphere that would be used to block out the Sun , admits that geo-engineering could cause “ conflicts between nations if geoengineering projects go wrong . ”
Given all the immediate dangers associated with bombarding the atmosphere with sulphur dioxide , along with the unknown dangers of other geo-engineering projects , many people are concerned that “ chemtrails ” could be a secret component of the same agenda to alter the Earth ’s eco-system .
This graphic proposes , “ Spraying aluminum powder and barium oxide into high levels of the atmosphere , again delivered by aircraft , to increase planetary reflectance ( albedo ) and cloud cover . ”
High levels of barium have been found in substances associated with chemtrails .
Reports of chemtrails , jet plumes emitted from planes that hang in the air for hours and do not dissipate , often blanketing the sky in criss - cross patterns , have increased dramatically over the last 10 years .
Many have speculated that they are part of a government program to alter climate , inoculate humans against certain pathogens , or even to toxify humans as part of a population reduction agenda .
In conducting Google searches , one finds discussion , such as this example , of using sulphur dioxide as a jet fuel additive to be dispersed over the world during routine commercial flights .
“ I suggest that both the sulphur dioxide and the silica particles could be delivered into the stratosphere by dissolving an additive in jet aviation fuel , ” writes engineer John Gorman , who has conducted experiments to test the feasibility of such a scenario .
“ We would want to burn fuel containing the additive specifically when the aircraft was cruising in the lower stratosphere , ” he adds .
Earlier this year , KSLA news investigation found that a substance that fell to earth from a high altitude chemtrail contained high levels of Barium ( 6.8 ppm ) and Lead ( 8.2 ppm ) as well as trace amounts of other chemicals including arsenic , chromium , cadmium , selenium and silver .
Of these , all but one are metals , some are toxic while several are rarely or never found in nature .
The newscast focuses on Barium , which its research shows is a “ hallmark of chemtrails . ”
KSLA found Barium levels in its samples at 6.8 ppm or “ more than six times the toxic level set by the EPA . ”
The Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality confirmed that the high levels of Barium were “ very unusual , ” but commented that “ proving the source was a whole other matter ” in its discussion with KSLA .
KSLA also asked Mark Ryan , Director of the Poison Control Center , about the effects of Barium on the human body .
Ryan commented that “ short term exposure can lead to anything from stomach to chest pains and that long term exposure causes blood pressure problems . ”
The Poison Control Center further reported that long - term exposure , as with any harmful substance , would contribute to weakening the immune system , which many speculate is the purpose of such man-made chemical trails .
Indeed , barium oxide has cropped up repeatedly as a contaminant from suspected geoengineering experimentation .
KSLA also put aerosolized - chemical testing in its historical context , citing a voluminous number of unclassified tests exposed in 1977 Senate hearings .
The tests included experimenting with biochemical compounds on the public .
KSLA reports that “ 239 populated areas were contaminated with biological agents between 1949 and 1969 . ”
One of the accepted truisms of scientific study is the fact that if scientists are proposing an idea , then those scientists with access to the bottomless pit of black - budget secret government funding are already doing it .
It is highly likely that chemtrails are merely one manifestation of “ geo-engineering ” that is taking place without proper debate , notification or any form of legality , and with a callous disregard for the potential dangers to both our health and our environment .
This article was posted : Friday , September 5 , 2008 at 4:20 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Sorry !
We could n't find what you 're looking for .
Try this instead !
Says the Loss of Life at Veterans ’ and Nursing Homes Demands Inquiry
The coronavirus pandemic began hitting New Jersey and Massachusetts at close to the same time , and it was n’t long before both states were seeing a disturbing loss of life in veterans ’ homes and nursing homes .
A half year later , Massachusetts has completed an inquiry into the problems that led to tragedy , and a grand jury has indicted several top officials from a particularly hard - hit veterans facilities .
“ Massachusetts took the bull by the horns , ” said Senator Joe Pennacchio , who has been calling for a Senate Select Committee to investigate the state ’s handling of COVID in long - term care facilities since May .
“ I take no pleasure in hearing that anybody has been criminally indicted , but I am trying to get at the truth and I ca n’t understand why our Legislature is sitting on its hands .
Continue Reading …
Oroho & Greenstein Measure Establishes Stockpile of Personal Protective Equipment Produced In - State
The onset of the COVID pandemic exposed a severe shortage of masks , gloves , gowns , and other personal protective equipment in the state and across the nation .
Bipartisan legislation sponsored by Senator Steve Oroho and Senator Linda Greenstein would prevent scarcities in the future and at the same time bolster the New Jersey manufacturing industry .
The bill ( S - 2991 ) requires the New Jersey Office of Emergency Management to establish a process to evaluate and approve personal protective equipment ( PPE ) for use during public health emergencies .
It also requires the state to develop a stockpile of equipment .
“ The virus strained the resources of the health care system and there was n’t enough ready access to equipment needed to help prevent the spread of the virus .
That ca n’t happen again , ” said Oroho ( R - 24 ) .
“ With this bill , we can help ensure a sufficient supply of protective gloves , masks , and gowns to defend against a viral outbreak and protect medical workers and patients , and we can put New Jersey factories to work making the gear . ”
Continue Reading …
Delegation Cites Small Victories Such as Restoration of Senior Freeze and Homestead Rebate Among Host of Middle - Class Tax Increases Imposed by Democrats Senator Christopher Connors , Assemblyman Brian Rumpf and Assemblywoman DiAnne Gove offered the following update to constituents following the passage of the FY2021 State Budget , which the 9th District delegation opposed and voted against : “ Taxpayers in this state are growing increasingly apprehensive about the economic uncertainty created by the response to COVID - 19 .
Yet with so much on the line for families and retirees , Trenton failed to pass a State Budget that addresses taxpayers ’ immediate concerns about tax relief and jumpstarting the state ’s economy .
“ Ramrodded through by the Majority Party Leadership and expected to be signed quickly by the Governor , the State Budget has more than $ 200 million in pork barrel spending that could , otherwise , be used for property tax relief .
The budget relies on increasing taxes on employers and health insurance policies that , undoubtedly , will be passed down to consumers who will take yet another hit in terms of the already high cost of living in New Jersey .
Continue Reading …
The Bipartisan Measure Addresses Limits in the Emergency Health and Powers Act that Interfere with Transparency Legislation sponsored by Senator Joe Pennacchio and Senator Michael Testa that would lift restrictions on access to public and government records during declared emergencies was approved today by the Senate .
During the current pandemic , the Murphy Administration has repeatedly relied on sections of the Health Powers Act , enacted in 2005 , to deny Open Public Records Act ( OPRA ) requests for information about preparations and decisions relating to the virus outbreak .
“ The Act was never intended to keep the public in the dark in times of crisis , ” said Pennacchio ( R - 26 ) , “ but today it is being used to conceal data and information on decisions impacting public health and fiscal stability from public and legislative scrutiny . ”
Continue Reading …
Senate Republican Leader Tom Kean delivered the following remarks during today ’s Senate session in opposition to the FY 2021 State Budget : I rise today in opposition to the budget as presented today .
Sadly , this budget is a wasted opportunity to restructure our State ’s finances in a way that will responsibly and safely rebuild our economy , an economy truly ravaged over the past several months by the ongoing pandemic .
As you know , the Republican members of the Senate Budget Committee offered a number of suggestions that would have put us back on a thoughtful , reasonable fiscal course , including spending the CARES
Act money earlier and more fully .
There are billions still not spent months after it could have helped families and businesses across the state .
Continue Reading …
A measure sponsored by Senate Republican Leader Tom Kean to encouraging the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to relax the rules of flexible spending accounts ( FSAs ) used to pay for medical and childcare expenses throughout the COVID crisis has unanimously passed the New Jersey Senate .
“ New Jersey parents need more support as they balance raising their children and running a household while working from home during these unprecedented times , ” said Kean ( R - 21 ) .
“ On the same note , many with postponed elective surgeries want to ensure they can use their funds for said procedures or be refunded at the end of the year rather than be held to the ‘ use it or lose it ’ rule .
Making healthcare and childcare FSAs more flexible during this difficult time will lighten the load and better help New Jersey families survive this pandemic . ”
Continue Reading …
The Republican members of the Senate Budget & Appropriations Committee panned Governor Phil Murphy ’s wasteful , tax - raising , bait and switch spending plan prior to a committee vote on the proposal : Senate Republican Budget Officer Steven Oroho ( R - 24 ) : “ During this unique crisis that has caused so much pain for our families and economy , New Jersey deserved for its leaders to work together in a transparent , collaborative , and bipartisan process that welcomed public input into how we could help the state recover through this budget , ” said Oroho .
“ Instead , we had a superficial hearing process that did n’t even have an outline of a budget to review , the public was excluded , and the details were negotiated in a private , partisan manner that could not have been more opaque .
It ’s disappointing that backroom Trenton politics has won out once again . ” Continue Reading …
Says State Department of Health Not Serving Governor Well
An affordable COVID test that produces results in minutes is available , and according to a published report , nursing homes would like to use it to test people coming into the facilities .
Administrators , however , say the state will not allow it .
“ It ’s frustrating , ” said Senator Joe Pennacchio , an out - spoken critic of the Murphy Administration ’s nursing home policies that contributed to the loss of more than 7,000 senior residents of long - term care locations .
“ The state is concerned about the accuracy of these tests , but this could have implications for the entire state if it turns out to be reliable . ”
Continue Reading …
Special Investigative Committee Would Hold Those Responsible Accountable , Develop Effective Reforms , Keep Resident Safe Senate Republicans launched an online petition to enlist the public ’s support to convince legislative leaders to allow a special bipartisan committee with subpoena power to investigate the massive loss of life in New Jersey ’s nursing homes , veterans homes , and long - term care ( LTC ) facilities due to COVID - 19 .
The online petition can be signed at https://www.senatenj.com/petitions/nursinghomes/.
“ Since May , Senate Republicans have called for a thorough , bipartisan , and transparent investigation into the massive loss of life at our long - term care facilities , ” said Senate Republican Leader Tom Kean ( R - 21 ) .
“ We believe the families and loved ones of victims deserve to hear the truth and to know that those responsible will be held accountable .
Current residents deserve to know that the failures that led to thousands of deaths have been thoroughly investigated and understood , and that effective reforms have been developed and implemented to keep them safe .
Unfortunately , our repeated calls for the Legislature to form a special committee with subpoena power to perform this legitimate oversight of the executive branch have been ignored .
Our online petition will give the public the opportunity to send the message that the Legislature should n’t shirk its responsibility to protect New Jerseyans . ”
Continue Reading …
( For an updated chart that includes contributions from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae ’s PACs and employees to ALL lawmakers back to 1989 , including to their leadership PACs , go here . ) and data
The federal government recently announced that it will come to the rescue of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , two embattled mortgage buyers that for years have pursued a lobbying strategy to get lawmakers on their side .
Both companies have poured money into lobbying and campaign contributions to federal candidates , parties and committees as a general tactic , but they ’ve also directed those contributions strategically .
In the 2006 election cycle , Fannie Mae was giving 53 percent of its total $ 1.3 million in contributions to Republicans , who controlled Congress at that time .
This cycle , with Democrats in control , they ’ve reversed course , giving the party 56 percent of their total $ 1.1 million in contributions .
Similarly , Freddie Mac has given 53 percent of its $ 555,700 in contributions to Democrats this cycle , compared to the 44 percent it gave during 2006 .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have also strategically given more contributions to lawmakers currently sitting on committees that primarily regulate their industry .
Fifteen of the 25 lawmakers who have received the most from the two companies combined since the 1990 election sit on either the House Financial Services Committee ; the Senate Banking , Housing & Urban Affairs Committee ; or the Senate Finance Committee .
The others have seats on the powerful Appropriations or Ways & Means committees , are members of the congressional leadership or have run for president .
Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) , chairman of the Senate banking committee , has received the most from Fannie and Freddie ’s PACs and employees ( $ 133,900 since 1989 ) .
Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( D - Pa. ) has received $ 65,500 .
Kanjorski chairs the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets , Insurance and Government - Sponsored Enterprises , and Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae are government - sponsored enterprises , or GSEs .
Top Recipients of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
Campaign Contributions , 1989 - 2008
Name Office Party / State Total 1 . Dodd , Christopher J S D-CT $ 133,900 2 . Kerry , John S D-MA $ 111,000 3 . Obama , Barack S D-IL $ 105,849 4 . Clinton , Hillary S D-NY $ 75,550 5 . Kanjorski , Paul E H D - PA $ 65,500 6 . Bennett , Robert F S R-UT $ 61,499 7 . Johnson , Tim S D-SD $ 61,000 8 . Conrad , Kent S D-ND $ 58,991 9 . Davis , Tom H R-VA $ 55,499 10 .
Bond , Christopher S ‘ Kit ’ S R-MO $ 55,400 11 .
Bachus , Spencer H R- AL $ 55,300 12 .
Shelby , Richard C S R - AL $ 55,000 13 .
Emanuel , Rahm H D-IL $ 51,750 14 .
Reed , Jack S D- RI $ 50,750 15 .
Carper , Tom S D-DE $ 44,389 16 .
Frank , Barney H D-MA $ 40,100 17 .
Maloney , Carolyn B H D-NY $ 38,750 18 .
Bean , Melissa H D-IL $ 37,249 19 .
Blunt , Roy H R-MO $ 36,500 20 .
Pryce , Deborah H R- OH $ 34,750 21 .
Miller , Gary H R-CA $ 33,000 22 .
Pelosi , Nancy H D-CA $ 32,750 23 .
Reynolds , Tom H R-NY $ 32,700 24 .
Hoyer , Steny H H D-MD $ 30,500 25 .
Hooley , Darlene H D-OR $ 28,750
Includes contributions from PACs and individuals .
2008 cycle totals based on data downloaded from the
Federal Election Commission on June 30 , 2008 .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Two prominent Capitol Hill Democrats have written a letter to Federal Communications Commission chair Kevin Martin supporting his proposal for a national smut - free broadband service .
Their statement takes on wireless company charges that it will interfere with wireless services in neighboring spectrum areas .
" We agree with you that promoting universal broadband is an urgent national priority , " wrote Edward Markey ( D - MA ) and Anna Eshoo ( D - CA ) on Friday .
" However , we are concerned that incumbent wireless carriers are seeking unnecessary and unprecedented testing delays to prevent new innovative competitors from entering the market . "
The letter is the first serious support that Martin 's beleaguered scheme has gotten from Capitol Hill .
The FCC wants to auction off the 2155 - 2180 MHz spectrum region to a bidder who will provide a nationwide broadband service that 's free from both access fees and pornography .
This area of the spectrum is also called the Advanced Wireless Services 3 ( AWS - 3 ) region .
Martin 's plan has come under heavy fire of late , not only from wireless companies and Congressional Republicans , but from public interest groups and trade associations that call it a threat to freedom of speech on the Internet .
TDDweedledee and FDDweedledum ?
The first line of attack has come from wireless companies , prominent among them T - Mobile .
In early July , the wireless provider filed for an extension on the proceeding , warning that , if the proposed service uses Time Division Duplex ( TDD ) technology as proposed , it could interfere with services in the nearby AWS - 1 block .
The FCC auctioned off AWS - 1 frequencies in 2006 .
Used for broadband transmission , TDD divides uplink and downlink tasks into different time frames , allowing them both to work on the same frequency .
Its close relative , Frequency Division Duplex ( FDD ) , assigns upload and download transmission to different channels .
T - Mobile uses FDD and says that a TDD protocol parked nearby could prevent the company from making use of at least three blocks of spectrum it bought in the AWS - 1 band .
The company wants the FCC to extend its proceeding on Martin 's proposal to allow for a series of tests similar to the FCC 's field tests of unlicensed broadband apps , or " white space " devices , which are taking place right now .
" The Commission cannot responsibly reach a decision on the proposal advanced , " T - Mobile says , " without gathering empirical data concerning the interference risks that have been identified , " adding that " TDD proponents have not provided any evidence whatsoever to meet their burden . "
Peaceful coexistence ?
Those proponents , of course , think otherwise .
M2Z
Networks is the nation 's foremost booster of the proposed plan , and the most likely bidder if the AWS - 3 spectrum goes up for auction as the FCC wants it contoured .
The company met with the Commission for the umpteenth time last week and , in so many words , charged that T - mobile and the rest of the wireless industry 's objections were bogus .
M2Z claims that peaceful coexistence between TDD and FDD has been demonstrated outside the United States by none other than T - Mobile .
The firm 's filing says that , in the Czech Republic , the wireless company has a TDD system running " in close spectral proximity " to an FDD transmission set - up , with no harm done .
M2Z also cites a recent study done by the United Kingdom 's Office of Communications ( OFCOM ) that pretty much gives TDD and FDD a pass to operate in proximity with each other .
In the situations that OFCOM studied , the engineers found " little risk " in the first adjacent block , and " insignificant " risk in the second .
Ars suspects that critics will scrutinize that study for dissimilarities between base station operations in the United States and Britain .
But M2Z also argues that many of these interference problems can be worked out via negotiations between the various service providers , as they have in the past .
Markey and Eshoo also mention the OFCOM study in their letter .
" We are concerned that unnecessary interference testing would needlessly delay this auction and that this constitutes the very rationale to kill this effort totally , " they conclude , adding the standard downer that U.S. broadband penetration currently ranks " a dismal 16th in the world . "
We 're offering you protection
Eshoo , in fact , has submitted a bill to the House of Representatives that pretty much proposes what Martin wants .
Her Wireless Internet Nationwide for Families Act of 2008 ( H.R. 5846 ) , reserves the same chunk of spectrum ( 2155 -2180 MHz ) and requires the service to provide technology that " protects underage users from accessing obscene or indecent material . "
The legislation presently awaits debate in Markey 's House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Telecommunications .
It has 14 co-sponsors , mostly Democrats , including Markey .
If this plan gets past big wireless , there is , of course , another hurdle ahead : the constitutionality of a government mandated service that does n't just obey the FCC 's legally shaky indecency rules , but has to block ( dare we say " censor " ? ) the indecency in advance .
As Ars has reported , in July , nearly two dozen prominent public interest and civil liberties groups warned the FCC that the filtering part of the scheme could find itself facing a deluge of lawsuits .
So far , proponents of the idea seem to have adopted an " We 'll drive off that bridge when we get there " approach to the First Amendment question .
Further reading :
Summary : Follow - up to Is the War on Terror over ( because there are no longer two sides ) ? — which discussed reports that the US has supported terrorist groups seeking to overthrow Iran ’s government .
This post considers what this means for the War on Terror ( it is over ) – and historical precedents for adopting the tools of our enemies ( it often works ) .
What does supporting terrorism mean for the War on Terror ?
It ends it .
We defined the war with the us - them distinction being a tactic .
We adopt the tactic , the war ends .
As if after the First Crusade Europe adopted Islam .
But would it stop the fighting ?
In our counterfactual , would there have been more wars between the Europe and the Middle East ( just with a less nifty label ) ?
Probably , as the structural causes remained .
So it is today , with the global hegemon ( that ’s us ) resisting the rising power of the Shiites , fueled by the oil wealth of southern Iraq and Iran .
As Frank J. Gaffney , Jr. , President of the Center for Security Policy explains in “ Sarah Palin ’s experience “ ( 2 September 2008 ) :
At present , one can only infer Sarah Palin ’s grasp of the danger posed by today ’s principal enemy : adherents to the brutally repressive and seditious program the Islamists call Shariah , a program they seek to impose worldwide through violent means and “ soft jihad ” ( including , Shariah - Compliant Finance , influence operations , subversive proselytizing and recruitment in our mosques , prisons and military , etc . )
Gaffney might regard supporting terrorists against Iran to be fighting fire with fire .
I doubt it would lessen his enmity towards them , let alone his ferocity .
Note : what historians consider a “ war ” was often seen by participants as a series of wars .
As in the “ War of the Roses ” , the “ Thirty Years War ” , the “ Last wars of Nation - States ” ( 1914 -1945 ) .
Historians repackage these into more elegant memes in their quest to convince us ( and themselves ) that events have meaning and be understood .
Must history repeat itself ?
Yes , because some tactics reliably work .
Modern forms of terrorism are adaptations to state ’s mastery of modern technology , both to wage war and maintain control of their people .
Like most weapons , it works well on both defense and offense .
Example # 1 , comfortably far in the past
Edict of the 29th Canon of the Second Lateran Council ( 1123 ) :
to forbid under penalty of anathema that deadly and God-detested art of the crossbow and archer be in the future exercised against Christians and Catholics .
Within the next century they became accepted as normal weapons of war .
For example the Franciscan philosopher John of La Rochelle allowed crossbows for their use against Christians in just wars ( explained in his “ Summa de Vitiis ” — On vices and sins ) .
Example # 2 , closer to home
Firepower directed against military targets works well , but with great difficulty and cost .
Firepower on civilian targets , however , works well but is morally wrong .
Or so we thought …
At first the nations of the world sounded a clear verdict :
The League of Nations Advisory Committee , in resolution adopted September 27 , ( 1937 ) solemnly condemned the bombing of open towns in China by Japanese planes and declared that ‘ no excuse can be made for such acts which have aroused horror and indignation throughout the world . ’
In a statement the following day we at the State Department supported this finding and said we held ‘ the view that any general bombing of an extensive area wherein there resides a large populace engaged in peaceful pursuits is unwarranted and contrary to principles of law and of humanity . ’
— Cordell Hull , FDR ’s Secretary of State , from his “ Memoirs ”
The leaders of the Free World spoke clearly about this terrible tactic .
The ruthless bombing from the air of civilians in unfortified centers of population during the course of hostilities which have raged in various quarters of the earth during the past few years which resulted in the maiming and in the death of thousands of defenseless men , women , and children has sickened the hearts of every civilized man and woman and has profoundly shocked the conscience of humanity . …
I am therefore addressing this appeal to the Soviet government as I have to governments which have been engaged in general hostilities , publicly to affirm its determination that its armed forces shall in no event and under no circumstances , undertake the bombardment from the air of civilian populations or unfortified cities .
— President Franklin Roosevelt , 1 September 1939
The military takes its strategic direction from its political leaders .
The Air Corps is committed to a strategy of high - altitude , precision bombing of military objectives …
Use of incendiaries against cities is contrary to our national policy of attacking only military objectives .
— General Henry Harley “ Hap ” Arnold , 1940
We pledged not to use this hideous tool , holding fast to this even after the outbreak of war .
We will not bomb open towns .
We will not attempt to defeat the Germans by terrorising their women and children .
All that we will leave to the enemy .
— Sir Samuel Hoare , Secretary of State for Air , 27 April 1940 .
America was a bystander in the war but a moral leader .
The bombing of helpless and unprotected civilians is a tragedy which has aroused the horror of all mankind .
I recall with pride that the United States consistently has taken the lead in urging that this inhuman practice be prohibited .
I am glad that the International Red Cross , at its meeting in London in 1938 , urged that joint steps be taken by the governments to prevent such outrages in the future .
— Franklin D. Roosevelt , letter to the Convention of the American Red Cross , 1 May 1940
Of course , the pressures of war sometimes lead people to a new view of things .
I ought not to sit down without referring to the mammoth air raid delivered by the Royal Air Force on the Cologne region during the night of 30th - 31st May .
In this triumph of skill , daring and diligence against the enemy , all previous records of night bombing have been doubled and excelled .
…
In fact , I may say as the year advances German cities , harbours and centres of war production will be subjected to an ordeal the like of which has never been experienced by any country in continuity , severity or magnitude .
— Winston Churchill speaking in the House of Commons , 2 June 1942 ( source )
Sometimes we can believe the Ministry of Truth .
We hear that “ our planes are to bomb , burn , and ruthlessly destroy in every way available to us the people responsible for creating the war . ”
— British Minister of Information , August 1943
Strategy must always drive tactics , not vice versa .
But the twin roots of all our evils , Nazi tyranny and Prussian militarism must be absolutely destroyed .
Until this is achieved there are no sacrifices we will not make and no lengths of violence to which we will not go .
— Winston Churchill speaking in the House of Commons , 21 September 1943
Sometimes the truth is too difficult to speak .
Headquarters , United States Strategic Air Forces in Europe , reply to Washington ’s inquiries about the February 1945 bombing of Dresden :
(1 ) it had always been the policy of the American forces that civilian targets were not suitable military objectives
( 2 ) there had been no change in the American policy of precision bombing of military objectives …
Please share your comments by posting below ( brief and relevant , please ) , or email me at fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
Other posts about military theory
[ Perry ’s ] awesome AcceLED Pong project gives new life to a classic game by adding acceleration - based control .
The pong paddles are moved by tilting the circuit left or right .
Motion is measured by an ADXL203 dual axis accelerometer , and an ATMEGA32 microcontroller converts acceleration into ball and paddle movement .
The game display is a three - color Spark Fun 8×8 LED matrix with serial interface .
[ Perry ] also used a similar setup to make a USB LED spectrum analyzer fed by the Linux XMMS media player .
Solar Powered Bra : Turning Lingerie Green
The cold hand of technology has now invaded the world of lingerie .
Underwear will not only provide women with the necessary support of unmentionable body parts , but it will also make them ( the women not the body parts ) “ green ”  and environmentally friendly !
Triumph International Japan Limited has introduced its latest brainchild , a solar bra with a built - in solar panel that captures and redistributes the sun ’s power and can actually generate enough electric energy to power a cell phone or an iPod !
The solar panel on this environmentally friendly green colored “ Solar Power Bra ”  is worn around the stomach .
According to Triumph spokeswoman , Yoshiko Masuda :
“ The panel requires light to generate electricity and the concept bra will not be in stores anytime soon , as people usually can not go outside without wearing clothes over it .
But it does send the message of how lingerie could possibly save the planet . ”
No matter how heroic its proportions may be , the Solar Power Bra can not be washed or worn on a rainy day as it could become damaged .
Its eco-friendly promise reflects an emerging trend in Japan , and Triumph does not stop there when it comes to underwear innovation .
Other green - themed undergarments include a bra that turns into a reusable shopping bag and one that features metal chopsticks to promote the use of reusable chopsticks .
One can only speculate as to what is next .
Could it be “ green ”  panties ( matching of course ) or stockings or maybe even green condoms ?
One can only wonder , why not ?
Link
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Welcome fans of Worth1000.com .
If you 're looking for Worth 's amazing creative content , then you 've rocked up to the right place !
Just in case you missed the news , Worth1000.com is now part of DesignCrowd.com - and we 've preserved all the amazing Worth1000 content here so you can search the archives to find old favorites and new contest art .
We 're delighted to have Worth1000 's talented users and their treasure trove of imaginative and original content , built over many years , as part of our design community .
But enough of that , we assume you want to get on with checking out some great design tips , brilliant creative contests , or even find some paid design jobs .
We 've got you covered :
Photoshop humans into zombies , stone statues , animal hybrids and more .
These tutorials will teach you amazing visual effects and tricks of the trade .
Skill up and have fun !
These contests invite participants to use their humour and technical skills in Photoshop to play with icons , objects and media imagery to create new concepts .
No genre or convention is safe !
Choose from creative photography , photoshop and illustration briefs .
Creatives submit their best ideas , then our community votes on submissions and the winners earn points on the global leaderboard .
Popular galleries from Worth1000.com
Check out these round - ups from our talented design community :
Giant Skeletons Seem Too Real To Be A Hoax
Houses And Architecture ' Built ' In Unusual Places
Celebrities Photoshopped Into Classic Portraits
Mr Bean Miscast As The Star Of Popular Films And TV Shows
Find graphic design jobs and crowdsourcing work .
Earn money , build a portfolio and have fun by submitting designs today !
DesignCrowd is an online marketplace providing logo , website , print and graphic design services by providing access to freelance graphic designers and design studios around the world .
It 's common knowledge that dogs age faster than people .
But the conventional wisdom that one dog year equals seven human years is an oversimplified view of how old your dog is in human years .
Although a dog's age averages out this way , there is quite a bit of variation .
For example , dogs mature more quickly than children in the first couple of years .
So the first year of a dog's life is equal to about 15 human years , rather than seven .
Source : WebMD Powerful Images
August 11th , 2008 by D.Billy
More in the ever - entertaining ‘ regular - folks - in - superhero - costumes - performing - mundane - tasks ’ idiom , this time from photographer Gregg Segal :
There are more on Gregg ’s website , and for other posts documenting our love for this milieu , check out our previous encounters with a down - on - his luck Captain America , and various sci- fi characters in domestic settings .
Who said Excel takes lot of time / steps do something ?
Here is a list of 15 incredibly fun things you can do to your spreadsheets and each takes no more than 5 seconds to do .
Happy Friday 🙂
1 . Change the shape / color of cell comments
Just select the cell comment , go to draw menu in bottom left corner of the screen , and choose change auto shape option , select a 32 pointed star or heart symbol or a smiley face , just wow everyone 🙂
2. Filter unique items from a list
Select the data , go to data > filter > advanced filter and check the “ unique items ” option .
3. Sort from Left to Right
What if your data flows from left to right instead of top to bottom .
Just change the sort orientation from “ sort options ” in the data > sort menu .
4 . Hide the grid lines from your sheets
Go to Options dialog in tools menu , uncheck the “ grid lines ” option to remove gridlines from your worksheets .
You can also change the color of grid line from here ( not recommended )
5 . Add rounded border to your charts , make them look smooth
Just right click on the chart , select format chart option , in the dialog , check the “ rounded borders ” .
You can even add a shadow effect from here .
6 . Fetch live stock quotes / company research with one click
Just enter the stock symbol ( MSFT , GOOG , AAPL etc. ) in a cell , alt +click on the cell to launch “ research pane ” , select stock quotes to see MSN Money quotes for the selected symbol .
You can fetch company profiles in the same way .
Learn more .
7. Repeat rows on top when printing , show table headers on every page
When you are on the sheet view , just hit menu > file > page setup , go to the last tab , specify “ rows to repeat ” .
You can “ repeat columns while printing ” as well from the same menu .
8. Remove conditional formatting / all formatting with one click
Just go to Menu > Edit >
Clear >
All to remove all the formatting from selected cell / range .
9 . Auto sum cells with one click
Select a bunch of cells and click on the Sigma symbol on the standard tool bar .
Alternatively you can use Alt+= keyboard shortcut .
10 .
Find width of a column with formula , really !
Just use =cell ( " width " ) to find the width of the column to which that formula cell belongs .
Width is returned as the nearest integer .
11 . Find total working days between any two dates , including holidays
If you work on project plans , gantt charts alot , this can be totally handy .
Just type =networkdays ( start date , end date , list of holidays ) to fetch the number of working days .
In the above sample you can see the number of working days between New years day and September first of this year ( labor day ) .
12 . Freeze Rows / Columns in your sheet ,
Show important info even when scrolling
Select the cell diagonally beneath the row / columns you want to freeze ( for eg. if you wan to freeze row 1&2 and columns A&B , click in C3 ) , go to menu > window and click on freeze panes .
13 . Split sheets in to two , compare side by side to be more productive
Just click on this little vertical bar on the bottom right corner of the sheet ( see below ) and drag it to create a vertical split .
You can do the same way for a horizontal split as well 🙂
14 . Change the color of various sheet name tabs
Right click on sheet and select “ Tab color ” option to change the worksheet tab colors .
Group them with similar colors if you have lot of sheets , it looks nice .
15 . Insert a quick organization chart
Click on menu > insert > diagram to open the above dialog , just select the organization chart option , enter node values and you have a pretty organization chart .
Alternatively learn how to create org charts in excel .
So what do you say now ?
Is n’t Excel Exciting ? 😀
Palin 's handlers initially had suggested it would be a while before she did interviews .
Now , there will be several .
McCain plans new Palin rollout
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin will speak at her son ’s
Army deployment ceremony on 9/11 and spend two days with ABC News crews later this week as part of a McCain campaign plan to increase Americans ’ comfort with her as a leader .
Campaign and network officials had said on Sunday that her first television interview would be a sit - down with Charles Gibson of ABC ’s “ World News . ”
Advertisement
But it turns out that she is spending much of Thursday and Friday with Gibson — at the ceremony in Fairbanks , Alaska , and at her home in Wasilla , Alaska .
Campaign aides said the anchorman will get extensive , repeated access to Palin throughout her first trip home since becoming the nominee .
“ ABC News will have plenty of time to question her and examine her and spend time with her , ” a campaign official said .
“ They ’ll do multiple interviews over two days .
No topics are off - limits – there are no ground rules .
There ’s tons of time to talk to her about every topic . ”
The remarkable rollout reflects new confidence in Palin by her handlers , who initially had suggested it would be a while before she did interviews .
Now , there will be several .
Until now , Palin has been " sequestered , " as Sen. Joseph Biden ( Del. ) , her Democratic counterpart , put it on NBC's " Meet the Press " — delivering rousing speeches , but not giving interviews or holding news conferences or answering questions on the fly .
She was the only one of the four national candidates not to appear on a Sunday show this weekend .
“ Once you start , you do n’t stop , ” a Republican official said with a chuckle .
“ That does n’t mean you run the faucet on high .
But once you turn it on , you do n’t really ever turn it off . ”
The strategy carries risk .
ABC is war - gaming tough questions – not gotchas , but some requiring policy knowledge — with the thoroughness that a network prepares for a debate .
The remarkable offer to ABC , made last Friday , is part of an ambitious project to sell Palin well beyond the right — to a broad swath of women and independent voters , including former supporters of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y . ) .
“ I see women right at the forefront of that , but not exclusively , ” a campaign adviser said .
The official said Gibson will have the chance to “ speak to her on 9/11 about her ideas for keeping America safe in the future ; to speak to her as she goes back to Wasilla , where she grew up , about her life and her views and her vision for the country . ”
Two interviews with Gibson are planned for Thursday , including a conversation about her support for a natural - gas pipeline – a key applause line in her convention speech .
Then on Friday , Palin will talk to Gibson in Wasilla and Anchorage , the official said .
She will fly into Anchorage and then drive to Wasilla .
Palin riveted last week ’s Republican National Convention with a witty , rousing speech , and has injected huge excitement into the party ’s ticket in the 10 days since Sen.
John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) named her as his surprise pick for running mate .
“ People do n’t understand how to cover women politicians in a way that is completely fair and enlightened yet , ” the official said .
“ And somehow , she has managed to transcend that . ”
Christian conservatives were immediately thrilled by McCain ’s choice , and his events took on new electricity .
Asked to describe her appeal , one official said : “ I think she is accessible .
I think she is honest .
I think she is real , and I think she is fearless .
In Alaska , she has been such a target because she has always fought for the interests of her constituents , because they ’re her neighbors . ”
The campaign adviser said : “ She ’s just this real , identifiable , approachable , funny , smart woman . ”
Officials would n’t say how the ABC anchor was chosen .
“ There were lots of tremendous and credible and fair journalists to choose from , ” an aide said .
“ Somebody had to go first . ”
We ’ve heard of people using a record player and cassette deck to make pause - button edits of songs , but this is the first time we ’ve seen someone scratch a cassette tape .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Using a handful of tapes , two dual - cassette boomboxes and a mixer , DJ Ruthless Ramsey shuttles cassette tape past the boomboxes ’ play heads with scratch and mix with more precision than some DJs have with vinyl .
For good measure , Ramsay sidles over to some vinyl decks near the end of the video to prove he ’s no one - trick pony ; he can scratch vinyl too .
( via gearfuse )
From TPM Reader BK …
It seems to me that the lying and exaggerating that has been done by the mccain campaign either from his lips or with his approval has a moral dimension that is not being discussed .
No one is questioning McCains physical courage .
But lying is an immoral act , one that you cannot get “ forced into ” by acts of others .
If there is a sustainable link between McCain , Palin , Bush and Cheney , it is their willingness to lie to get what they want .
Bush and Cheney lied us into a war they wished to wage and they have been deceptive about many of their other policies .
And the way an Administration runs takes its direction from the top .
Is there really any doubt that if McCain and Palin are willing to lie about themselves and their opponents in an effort to get elected that they will continue to lie to the American public about there plans and policies .
Campaigns offer a direct view into how a candidate will run a large complex organization .
McCains true colors , , , , , his true moral convictions ….are being demonstrated for all of us to see .
We have seen this ends based strategy before and we know it never turns out well for us .
These words appeared at the bottom of the screen for the entire morning segment on the stock market in the opening few minutes of The Today Show on Monday morning , September 15 .
This was the message conveyed to millions of housewives 80 minutes before the New York Stock Exchange was scheduled to open .
The words were entirely appropriate .
By the end of the day , the Dow was down by over 500 , and the S&P 500 was down by over 50 .
At long last , the media are scared .
I watched CNBC in the afternoon .
I tuned in to see the looks on their perma - bull faces .
They were visibly scared .
I do n’t blame them .
Anyone who has read what I have been writing since last November knew this was coming .
On November 5 , 2007 , I told subscribers to my Website to short the stock market : the Standard & Poor ’s 500 .
The index was at 1500 , down from 1550 a month earlier .
It is now under 1200 .
It lost over 50 points in one day .
Those subscribers who took my advice have done very well , and I think they are going to do a lot better as the markets continue to fall .
But the experts did not know .
The Today Show brought on the usual in - house experts from CNBC .
These experts were Money Honey ( Maria Bartiromo ) and Mad Money ( Jim Cramer ) .
Both of them assured viewers that this is all temporary , that there is no major problem , that it will soon be a buying opportunity , the stock market will recover , yada yada yada .
This is what they have been saying , month after month , all year , as the nightmare on Wall Street has unfolded .
This has been a nightmare ever since last October .
Down , down , down have gone the stock indexes , but especially the financial stocks .
WEEKEND BAILOUTS
Lehman Brothers Holdings has gone bankrupt .
Here is a firm that was founded in 1850 .
It survived the Civil War and the Great Depression .
It did not survive the current breakdown .
Anyone who thinks this crisis is some minor affair is not paying attention .
On Sunday night , September 14 , the attempted bailout by ten major financial firms and banks fell apart when Barclays Bank said “ no deal ” to the request by Treasury Secretary Paulson that they each pony up $ 7 billion to bail out Lehman .
That decision certainly showed wisdom on the part of Barclays .
Less wisdom was shown by Bank of America , which agreed to buy Merrill Lynch .
On Monday morning , Standard & Poor ’s , the credit rating agency , downgraded Bank of America ’s bond rating to AA — , down from AA .
This means that Bank of America will have to pay higher interest to creditors .
S&P announced that there may be another downgrading .
Why did S&P do this ?
Because of doubts about Merrill .
Merrill was one of the ten firms called together over the weekend by Secretary Paulson .
As to how Merrill was going to pony up the $ 7 billion on Monday morning , when it did not even survive as a separate firm on Monday morning , will be one of those questions that curious historians of 2008 ’s nightmare on Wall Street may want to chat about .
What the weekend showed is that the Treasury Secretary has declining influence .
He spent the whole weekend trying to get a deal put together to save Lehman , and it fell apart at the last minute .
On The Today Show , there were scenes of Lehman employees walking out the door , carrying boxes of possessions or pulling boxes behind them on what appeared to be luggage carts .
Lehman is in the hole $ 613 billion .
It has assets of $ 639 billion .
It will have to sell these assets to pay creditors .
This will put downward pressure on the prices of these assets .
Some of them are illiquid .
What do I mean by liquidity ?
This :
You can sell rapidly .
You can sell without a discount .
You can sell without advertising costs .
You can sell with low transaction fees .
The problem is this : the investing world does not know how many of Lehman ’s assets are illiquid .
When Lehman sells in order to pay creditors , this will put downward pressure on all the markets , but especially the illiquid markets .
When it does , the dominoes will continue to fall .
There will be more bankruptcies , as Money Honey said on The Today Show .
In March , Bear Stearns was saved only by the weekend pressure of the Federal Reserve System on J.P. Morgan , which bought the shares at pennies on the dollar .
On Sunday , September 7 , the Federal government , in the person of Secretary Paulson , announced that the Federal government was taking over the mortgage market in the United States .
Over the past year , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have packaged 75 % of all mortgage loans in the United States .
The so - called “ conservatorship ” is in fact nationalization .
Congress did not protest on Monday , September 8 .
The public did not protest .
This was a unilateral announcement by a lame - duck Treasury Secretary , and everybody in authority accepted it .
We have lost the free market in mortgages in the United States , and nobody blinked .
It ’s falling apart .
The entire capital structure is being hit , just as Austrian economic theory said it would .
“ EVERTHING IS JES ’ FINE ”
One of The Today Show reporters said that Lehman ’s employees were disappointed because they had been told by senior management everything was all right .
Of course that is what senior management said .
All senior managements lie in a crisis .
Everyone knows senior managements lie — except their employees .
This is the Enron factor .
Senior managements lie about imminent bankruptcy in the same way that politicians lie about virtually everything .
If they did not lie about the imminent bankruptcy of their firms , shareholders would immediately sell the stock , which would immediately bankrupt the firms .
Senior managers hope for the best .
They hope for a miracle .
They hope against hope .
Here were highly sophisticated employees who had spent a year watching the financial markets disintegrate , and these old hands sat in their offices , selling people investments that were doomed to go down , on the assumption that nobody was lying to them at the top .
Talk about naïve !
There are people who take seriously the recommendations of brokers whose jobs are so close to oblivion that they are unlikely to have a career in the industry in a month or two .
Yet the poor saps listen to these people , take their advice , and lose money .
Why would anybody believe a stock broker today ?
Merrill Lynch , which was bullish on America , no longer exists as an independent organization today .
It took a bailout by Bank of America to keep the organization alive .
Presumably , you know better if you have been reading my warnings for over a year .
Presumably , you are completely out of the stock market .
If you are wise , you shorted the market no later than last November .
But if you are still in the stock market , then you are in it because you have been listening to the mainstream media .
Now , finally , the mainstream media are frightened .
This fear will spread to the general public .
Think of the 24,000 ex-workers at ex-Lehman .
They work in New York City .
They are in debt up to their ears .
They are now unemployed .
They will probably lose their homes , if they own their homes .
They will not find a job in financial services .
The entire financial sector in New York City is in contraction mode .
In 2007 , 140,000 jobs were lost in the nation ’s financial sector in the first ten months .
Over 40,000 of these were in New York City .
In a report last November , we read the following .
Broker - dealers have been active in reducing their workforces .
Morgan Stanley ( 900 ) , Bear Stearns ( 310 ) , Lehman Brothers ( 1,200 ) , and Credit Suisse ( 320 ) announced cuts in residential mortgages , banking and leveraged finance .
Those institutions with significant losses , particularly UBS ( 1,500 ) , Citigroup ( 15,000 ) , and Bank of America ( 3,000 ) , are trimming their workforces even further and issuing warnings that more layoffs may be ahead .
On October 26 , Reuters reported that Merrill Lynch is expected to issue pink slips after a third - quarter net loss fueled by mortgage and leverage loan losses .
Yet on Friday afternoon , September 12 , there were 24,000 workers at Lehman who were still on the job , still hoping for the best .
They believed senior management .
These people were slow learners .
In late March , just after the Bear Stearns fiasco , London ’s Guardian reported on the estimate that 20,000 jobs on Wall Street would disappear over the next two years .
In short , the experts in the financial industry were blind to the magnitude of what was about to happen .
They could not see that the financial sector was about to get smashed .
People hope for the best .
They hate to face unpleasant reality .
They stay on the job when it is clear that the job is terminal .
This is human nature .
This is why people who own stocks and mutual funds still hold them , and still take Jim Cramer seriously .
BERNANKE TO THE RESCUE !
The Federal Reserve is in panic mode .
On Sunday , it announced another lowering of its standards for making loans .
It used the usual bankers ’ jargon .
The following means “ the markets are falling apart .
The collateral on loans is declining in value .
We are taking steps to loan money on sows ’ ears at silk purse interest rates . ”
“ In close collaboration with the Treasury and the Securities and Exchange Commission , we have been in ongoing discussions with market participants , including through the weekend , to identify potential market vulnerabilities in the wake of an unwinding of a major financial institution and to consider appropriate official sector and private sector responses , ” said Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben S. Bernanke .
“ The steps we are announcing today , along with significant commitments from the private sector , are intended to mitigate the potential risks and disruptions to markets . ”
I like this phrase : “ potential market vulnerabilities . ”
It means “ capital market collapse . ”
“ We have been and remain in close contact with other U.S. and international regulators , supervisory authorities , and central banks to monitor and share information on conditions in financial markets and firms around the world , ” Chairman Bernanke said .
This means : “ Things are unraveling so fast that the government ’s entire regulatory structure is trying to figure out what is happening .
So far , nobody has a clue .
But we ’re working on it . ”
The collateral eligible to be pledged at the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) has been broadened to closely match the types of collateral that can be pledged in the tri-party repo systems of the two major clearing banks .
Previously , PDCF collateral had been limited to investment - grade debt securities .
The collateral for the Term Securities Lending Facility ( TSLF ) also has been expanded ; eligible collateral for Schedule 2 auctions will now include all investment - grade debt securities .
Previously , only Treasury securities , agency securities , and AAA - rated mortgage - backed and asset - backed securities could be pledged .
Translation : “ We are willing to loan freshly created money to buy just about anything the cat brings in . ”
These changes represent a significant broadening in the collateral accepted under both programs and should enhance the effectiveness of these facilities in supporting the liquidity of primary dealers and financial markets more generally .
AIG ON THEIR FACES
AIG is the largest insurance company in America .
Most Wall Street companies are connected to AIG in one way or another .
AIG has the signs of a company in its terminal stage .
Jim Cramer made one point that I agree with entirely .
He said that the real threat to the economy now is AIG .
This giant insurance company needed an infusion of capital something in the range of $ 40 billion .
That ’s what Cramer said .
Before the market closed , AIG needed $ 75 billion .
If it goes under , who is large enough to bail it out ?
If the Treasury Secretary could not put together a deal to save Lehman , how could he reasonably expect to put together a deal to save anything as big as AIG ?
Cramer mentioned the possibility that the Federal Reserve would have to intervene .
He was not alone .
By late afternoon , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average had fallen over 400 points , CNBC interviewed two experts .
One looked grim .
He spoke of the need to preserve confidence in trying times like now .
The other one agreed , but said the FED may not intervene .
When the stock market opened on September 15 , AIG ’s share price was down 41 % , at $ 7 .
Last October , it was at $ 70 .
In early August , it was at $ 30 .
It was under $ 6 by the afternoon .
This is a collapse .
When a stock falls 90 % , a financial company is as good as finished .
Potential clients will not become clients .
Old clients will flee .
By the end of the day , the Federal government had asked the last two surviving investment banks , J. P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs , to intervene and put together a $ 75 billion package to bail out AIG .
Money Honey by 3:30 p.m. announced that AIG had lost $ 19 billion in capital in less than one trading day .
The market value of the stock was $ 14 billion .
In less than one day , it lost over half its value .
The share price declined from $ 12 to under $ 6 .
The guy she was interviewing , Win Smith , said AIG is too important to fail .
“ AIG has to survive . ”
When some harried looking guy on camera who looks bleak says that an outfit “ really has to survive , ” it ’s as good as gone .
He said , “ It must go forward . ”
Do n’t bank on it .
Who is Mr. Smith ?
He is the former chairman of Merrill Lynch International .
He said everything is fine at Merrill .
The merger with Bank of America is great .
His former employer is gone .
This is great , he says .
Up is down .
Black is white .
There is good news ahead .
The government is grasping at straws .
There will be no bailout for private firms without government guarantees against losses .
AIG is a huge pile of liabilities .
Who wants them ?
The experts did not see this coming .
But they want us to believe them when they tell us that the worst is behind us , so do n’t sell your shares , do n’t panic , yada yada yada .
An insurance company holds lots of long - term debt .
This means bonds and mortgages .
Lots and lots of mortgages .
These are liquid in normal times , but in a panic sell - off , they are not .
What happens if AIG declares bankruptcy and is forced to unload its portfolio rapidly ?
Who will buy the toxic waste that has led to the company ’s precarious position ?
CONCLUSION
The experts are scared .
I could see it as they faced the cameras .
They are seeing a meltdown .
Two icons of the industry died over the weekend .
A third is about to die .
Then there is Washington Mutual .
It is close to the end .
Its stock went under $ 2 yesterday .
It is almost a penny stock : below $ 1 .
The 8th largest bank in the nation !
It ’s going to get much , much worse .
Stay tuned .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
This release marks a milestone for PC - BSD , by moving to the latest FreeBSD 7 - Stable and also incorporating the KDE 4.1.1 desktop .
Users will immediately notice the improved visual interface that KDE 4.1.1 offers , as well as a large improvement in hardware support and speed from the update to FreeBSD 7 - Stable .
PC - BSD 7 also offers a large and growing library of self - contained PBI files available for installation , and improvments for other locales on our PBI Directory website .
This release also offers new methods of installation , including a DVD , USB and Internet / network install .
Note :
Here is an interview with the lead developer of PC - BSD .
Last night , ex-democrat Joe Lieberman spoke at the Republican national convention and endorsed McCain for president ( as he has done many times in the last year ) .
But two years ago , he sang a different tune :
Lieberman calls Obama a “ blessing to America ” , and says that he will help Obama “ reach for the stars ” .
OXFORD , Miss .
The first debate seemed like the perfect moment for Barack Obama to re-enact the Code Red courtroom scene from “ A Few Good Men , ” to slide under John McCain ’s skin and irritate until he goaded McCain into doing exactly what he really wanted to do : tell off the whippersnapper who ’d never bled for his country .
It would have been easy for smarty - pants Obama to get in the face of the temperamental older guy , just as Tom Cruise did with Jack Nicholson , to push him into erupting into some version of that climactic speech , like , “ Deep down , in places you do n’t talk about at your fancy faculty club , you want me on that wall , you need me on that wall . ”
The timing was ideal .
McCain was so aggressively erratic as he did his free - form break dance around the economy last week that it seemed the only possible explanation was that he was creating a wild diversion to distract people from Sarah Palin ’s stunningly junior varsity appearance with Katie Couric .
Once Garbo began to speak , and people realized that Palin had a few key lacunae in her understanding of the globe and even of her running mate ’s record , the myth of the Alaska superwoman continued to unravel .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Democrats have re-established a double - digit advantage over Republicans in party affiliation , with 49 % of Americans identifying themselves as Democrats or leaning to the Democratic Party , and 39 % identifying as Republicans or leaning to the Republican Party .
This is a shift from immediately after the Republican National Convention , when Democrats enjoyed their smallest advantage of the year , leading only 47 % to 42 % .
For 2008 to date ( based on more than 250,000 Gallup Poll Daily tracking interviews ) , an average of 50 % of Americans have identified themselves as Democrats or have initially identified as independents but said they leaned to the Democratic Party , while 37 % have aligned themselves with the Republican Party , a 13 - point average advantage for the Democrats .
So , with roughly half the country supporting it , 2008 has clearly been a favorable political year for the Democratic Party .
Republicans cut into that advantage in the wake of their party 's convention , reducing their partisan deficit to single digits from Sept. 3 - 5 polling through Sept. 12 - 14 polling , when the averages were 47 % Democratic and 40 % Republican ( according to the more than 9,000 interviews conducted during that time period ) .
But in the last week , with the Wall Street financial crisis dominating the news , Democrats have regained a double - digit advantage .
It is unclear whether the recent movement in partisanship reflects public reaction to the crisis , or perhaps just a return to a more normal state as the effects of the Republican convention fade .
During this past week , Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama has also re-established an advantage over Republican John McCain in Gallup 's presidential election trial heat .
Obama had led by a slight margin most of the summer after clinching the Democratic nomination , but McCain emerged from the Republican convention with the lead and continued to have at least a slim advantage as recently as Sept. 13 -15 polling .
The Democratic advantage in party affiliation is slightly smaller when the partisan leaners from each party group are excluded .
In the Sept. 20 - 22 tracking data , 35 % of Americans identify as Democrats , 26 % Republicans , and 33 % as independents , resulting in a 9 - point Democratic advantage .
For the year , an average of 34 % of Americans have identified as Democrats and 26 % as Republicans , for an 8 - point average Democratic lead .
Implications
Any momentum the Republican Party had coming out of its convention has been halted in the past week , and the Democrats have essentially re-established their dominant political positioning .
Even so , the presidential election remains close , in part because McCain has been able to command greater party loyalty than Obama .
In the past week , 89 % of Republican supporters said they would vote for McCain , compared with 86 % of Democratic supporters favoring Obama .
Additionally , the Democratic advantage in party affiliation is not as large among registered voters ( 51 % to 42 % ) as it is in the total adult population ( 49 % to 39 % ) .
While the Democratic Party certainly is in a more advantageous position than the Republican Party to win the election , the Democrats ' ability to do so will depend on their maintaining an advantage in party support over Republicans between now and Election Day , and on ensuring that their supporters remain mostly loyal to Obama and turn out to vote on Nov. 4 .
So far , the lesser Democratic voting loyalty to their nominee has not hurt the party because of the significant Democratic advantage in partisanship .
To the extent the partisanship gap narrows ( as it did the week after the Republican convention ) , Democratic loyalty and turnout will become more critical .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 3,042 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Sept. 20 - 22 , 2008 , as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Sprague - Grundy theory
I 'm on a small mailing list for math geeks , and there 's this one guy there , Richard Penn , who knows everything .
Whenever I come up with some idle speculation , he has the answer .
For example , back in 2003 I asked : Let N be any positive integer .
Does there necessarily exist a positive integer k such that the base - 10 representation of kN contains only the digits 0 through 4 ?
M. Penn was right there with the answer .
Yesterday , M. Penn asked a question to which I happened to know the answer , and I was so pleased that I wrote up the whole theory in appalling detail .
Since I have n't posted a math article in a while , and since the mailing list only has about twelve people on it , I thought I would squeeze a little more value out of it by posting it here .
Richard Penn asked : N dots are placed in a circle .
Players alternate moves , where a move consists of crossing out any one of the remaining dots , and the dots on each side of it ( if they remain ) .
The winner is the player who crosses out the last dot .
What is the optimal strategy with 19 dots ?
with 20 ?
Can you generalize ?
M. Penn observed that there is a simple strategy for the 20 - dot circle , but was not able to find one for the 19 - dot circle .
But solving such problems in general is made easy by the Sprague - Grundy theory , which I will explain in detail .
0 . Short Spoilers
Both positions are wins for the second player to move .
The 20 - dot case is trivial , since any first - player move leaves a row of 17 dots , from which the second player can leave two disconnected rows of 7 dots each .
Then any first - player move in one of these rows can be effectively answered by the second player in the other row .
The 19 - dot case is harder .
The first player 's move leaves a row of 16 dots .
The second player can win by removing 3 dots to leave disconnected rows of 6 and 7 dots .
After this , the strategy is complicated , but is easily found by the Sprague - Grundy theory .
It 's at the end of this article if you want to skip ahead .
Sprague - Grundy theory is a complete theory of all finite impartial games , which are games like this one where the two players have exactly the same moves from every position .
The theory says : Every such game position has a " value " , which is a non-negative integer .
A position is a second - player win if and only if its value is zero .
The value of a position can be calculated from the values of the positions to which the players can move , in a simple way .
The value of a collection of disjoint positions ( such as two disconnected rows of dots ) can be calculated from the values of its component positions in a simple way .
Order
Winning Ways for Your Mathematical Plays , Vol. 1
from Powell's 1 . Nim
In the game of Nim , one has some piles of beans , and a legal move is to remove some or all of the beans from any one pile .
The winner is the player who takes the last bean .
Equivalently , the winner is the last player who has a legal move .
Nim is important because every position in every impartial game is somehow equivalent to a position in Nim , as we will see .
In fact , every position in every impartial game is equivalent to a Nim position with at most one heap of beans !
Since single Nim - heaps are trivially analyzed , one can completely analyze any impartial game position by calculating the Nim - heap to which it is equivalent .
2 . Disjoint sums of games Definition :
The " disjoint sum " A # B of two games A and B is a new game whose rules are as follows : a legal move in A # B is either a move in A or a move in B ; the winner is the last player with a legal move .
Three easy exercises : # is commutative .
# is associative .
Let ( a , b , c... ) represent the Nim position with heaps a , b , c , etc .
Then the game ( a , b , c , ... ) is precisely ( a ) # ( b ) # ( c ) # ... .
Consider the trivial game with no legal moves for anyone .
This game is called 0 , because : 0 # a = a # 0 = a for all games a. 0 is a win for the previous player : the next player to move has no legal moves , and loses .
We will call the next player to move " P1 " , and the player who just moved " P2 " .
Note that a Nim - heap of 0 beans is precisely the 0 game .
3 . Sums of Nim - heaps
We usually represent a single Nim - heap with n beans as " ∗n " .
I 'll do that from now on .
We observed that ∗0 is a win for the second player .
Observe now that when n is positive , ∗n is a win for the first player , by a trivial strategy .
From now on we will use the symbol " = " to mean a weaker relation on games than strict equality .
Two games A and B will be equivalent if their outcomes are the same in a rather strong sense :
A = B means that for any game X , A # X is a winning position if and only if B # X is also .
Taking X = 0 , the condition A = B implies that both games have the same outcome in isolation : if one is a first - player win , so is the other .
But the condition is stronger than that .
Both ∗ 1 and ∗ 2 are first - player wins , but ∗ 1 ≠ ∗ 2 , because ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 is a second - player win , while ∗ 2 # ∗ 1 is a first - player win .
Exercise : ∗x = ∗y if and only if x = y .
It so happens that the disjoint sum of two Nim - heaps is equivalent to a single Nim - heap : Nim - sum theorem : ∗a # ∗b = ∗ ( a ⊕ b ) ,
Where ⊕ is the bitwise exclusive - or operation .
I 'll omit the proof , which is pretty easy to find .
⊕ is often described as " write a and b in binary , and add , ignoring all carries . "
For example 1 ⊕ 2 = 3 , and 13 ⊕ 7 = 10 .
This implies that ∗ 1 # ∗ 2 = ∗ 3 , and that ∗ 13 # ∗ 7 = ∗ 10 .
Although I omitted the proof that # for Nim - heaps is essentially the ⊕ operation in disguise , there are many natural implications of this that you can use to verify that the claim is plausible .
For example : The Nim - sum theorem implies that ∗0 is a neutral element for # , which we already knew .
Since a ⊕ a = 0 , we have : ∗a # ∗a = ∗0 for all a That is , ∗a # ∗a is a win for P2 .
And indeed , P2 has an obvious strategy : whatever P1 does in one pile , P2 does in the other pile .
P2 never runs out of legal moves until after P1 does , and so must win .
Since a ⊕ a = 0 , we have , more generally : ∗a # ∗a # X = X for all a , X No matter what X is , its outcome is the same as that of ∗a # ∗a # X . Why ?
Suppose you are the player with a winning strategy for playing X alone .
Then it is easy to see that you have a winning strategy in ∗a # ∗a # X , as follows : ignore the ∗a # ∗a component , until your opponent moves in it , when you should copy their move in the other half of that component .
Eventually the ∗a # ∗a part will be used up ( that is , reduced to ∗0 # ∗ 0 = 0 ) and your opponent will be forced to move in X , whereupon you can continue your winning strategy there until you win .
According to the ⊕ operation , ∗ 1 # ∗ 2 = ∗ 3 , and so ∗ 1 # ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 = ∗ 3 # ∗ 3 = 0 , so P2 should have a winning strategy in ∗ 1 # ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 .
Which he does :
If P1 removes any entire heap , P2 can win by equalizing the remaining heaps , leaving ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 = 0 or ∗ 2 # ∗ 2 = 0 , which he wins easily .
If P1 equalizes any two heaps , P2 can remove the third heap , winning the same way .
Let 's reconsider the game of the previous paragraph , but change the ∗1 to something else .
2 ⊕ 3 ⊕ x > 0 so if ∗x ≠ 1 , ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 # ∗x = ∗y , where y> 0 .
Since ∗y is a single nonempty Nim - heap , it is obviously a win for P1 , and so ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 # ∗x should be equivalent , also a win for P1 .
What is P1 's winning strategy in ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 # ∗x ?
It 's easy .
If x > 1 , then P1 can reduce ∗x to ∗1 , leaving ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 # ∗ 1 , which we saw is a winning position .
And if x = 0 , then P1 can move to ∗ 2 # ∗ 2 and win .
4 . The MEX rule
The important thing about disjoint sums is that they abstract away the strategy .
If you have some complicated set of Nim - heaps ∗a # ∗b # ... # ∗z , you can ignore them and pretend instead that they are a single heap ∗( a ⊕ b ⊕ ... ⊕ z ) .
Your best move in the compound heap can be easily worked out from the corresponding best move in the fictitious single heap .
For example , how do you figure out how to play in ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 # ∗x ?
You consider it as ( ∗2 # ∗ 3 ) # ∗x = ∗ 1 # ∗x .
That is , you pretend that the ∗2 and the ∗3 are actually a single heap of size 1 .
Then your strategy is to win in ∗ 1 # ∗x , which you obviously do by reducing ∗x to size 1 , or , if ∗x is already ∗0 , by changing ∗ 1 to ∗0 .
Now , that is very facile , but ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 is not the same game as ∗1 , because from ∗ 1 there is just one legal move , which is to ∗0 .
Whereas from ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 there are several moves .
It might seem that your opponent could complicate the situation , say by moving from ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 to ∗3 , which she could not do if it were really ∗ 1 .
But actually this extra option can't possibly help your opponent , because you have an easy response to that move , which is to move right back to ∗ 1 !
If pretending that ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 was ∗ 1 was good before , it is certainly good after you make it ∗ 1 for real .
From ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 there are a whole bunch of moves : Move to ∗3
Move to ∗2
Move to ∗ 1 # ∗ 3 = ∗2
Move to ∗ 2 # ∗ 1 = ∗3
Move to ∗ 2 # ∗ 2 = ∗0
But you can disregard the first four of these , because they are reversible : if some player X has a winning strategy that works by pretending that ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 is identical with ∗1 , then the extra options of moving to ∗2 and ∗ 3 wo n't help X's opponent , because X can reverse those moves and turn the ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 component back into ∗ 1 .
So we can ignore these options , and say that there 's just one move from ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 worth considering further , namely to ∗ 2 # ∗ 2 = 0 .
Since this is exactly the same set of moves that is available from ∗ 1 , ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 behaves just like ∗ 1 in all situations , and have just proved that ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 = ∗ 1 .
Unlike the other moves , the move from ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 to ∗0 is not reversible .
Once someone turns ∗ 2 # ∗ 3 into ∗0 , by equalizing the piles , it cannot then be turned back into ∗1 , or anything else .
Considering this in more generality , suppose we have some game position P where the options are to move to one of several possible Nim - heaps , and M is the smallest Nim - heap that is not among the options .
Then P = ∗ M .
Why ?
Because P has just the same options that ∗M has , namely the options of moving to one of ∗0 ... ∗ ( M - 1 ) .
P also has some extra options , but we can ignore these because they 're reversible .
If you have a winning strategy in X # ∗M , then you have a winning strategy in X # P also , as follows :
If your opponent plays in X , then follow your strategy for X # ∗ M , since the same move will also be available in X # P .
, then follow your strategy for # ∗ , since the same move will also be available in # .
If your opponent makes P into ∗ y , with y < M , then they 've discarded their extra options , which are now irrelevant ; play as you would if they had moved from X # ∗ M to X # ∗ y .
into ∗ , with < , then they 've discarded their extra options , which are now irrelevant ; play as you would if they had moved from # ∗ to # ∗ .
If your opponent makes P into ∗y , with y > M , then just move from ∗y to ∗M , leaving X # ∗M , which you can win .
MEX
Theorem :
If all the legal moves from a position P are equivalent to Nim - heaps of sizes {s 1 , ... , s k } , then P itself is equivalent to a nim - heap of size MEX(s 1 , ... , s k ) , where the MEX is the " Minimal EXcluded " element of the set : the smallest nonnegative integer that is not in the set .
For example , let 's consider what happens if we augment Nim by adding a special token , called ♦.
A player may , in lieu of a regular move , replace ♦ by a pile of beans of any positive size .
What effect does this have on Nim ?
Since the legal moves from ♦ are { ∗1 , ∗ 2 , ∗3 , ...} and the MEX is 0 , ♦ should behave like ∗0 .
That is , adding a ♦ token to any position should leave the outcome unaffected .
And indeed it does .
If you have a winning strategy in game G , then you have a winning strategy in G # ♦ also , as follows :
If your opponent plays in G , reply in G .
If your opponent replaces ♦ with a pile of beans , remove it , leaving only G. Exercise : Let G be a game where all the legal moves are to Nim - heaps .
Then G is a win for P1 if and only if one of the legal moves from G is to ∗0 , and a win for P2 if and only if none of the legal moves from G is to ∗0 .
5 . The Sprague - Grundy theory An " impartial game " is one where both players have the same moves from every position .
Sprague - Grundy theorem :
Any finite impartial game is equivalent to some Nim - heap ∗n , which is the " Nim- value " of the game .
Now let 's consider Richard Penn 's game , which is impartial .
A legal move is to cross out any dot , and the adjacent dot or dots , if any .
The Sprague - Grundy theorem says that every row of dots in Penn 's game is equivalent to some Nim - heap .
Let 's tabulate the size of this heap ( the Nim- value ) for each row of n dots .
We 'll represent a row of n dots as [ οοοοο ...ο ] .
Obviously , [ ] = ∗0 so the Nim- value of [ ] is 0 .
Also obviously , [ ο ] = ∗ 1 , since they 're exactly the same game .
[ οο ] = ∗ 1 also , since the only legal move from [ οο ] is to [ ] = 0 , and the MEX of {0} is 1 .
The legal moves from [ οοο ] are to [ ] = ∗ 0 and [ ο ] = ∗ 1 , so {∗0 , ∗1} , and the MEX is 2 .
So [ οοο ] = ∗ 2 .
Let 's check that this is working .
Since the Nim- value of [ οοο ] is 2 , the theory predicts that [ οοο ] # ∗ 2 = 0 and so should be a win for P2 .
P2 should be able to pretend that [ οοο ] is actually ∗ 2 .
Suppose P1 turns the ∗ 2 into ∗ 1 , moving to [ οοο ] # ∗ 1 . Then P2 should turn [ οοο ] into ∗ 1 also , which he can do by crossing out an end dot and the adjacent one , leaving [ ο ] # ∗ 1 , which he easily wins .
If P1 turns ∗ 2 into ∗0 , moving to [ οοο ] # ∗0 , then P2 should turn [ οοο ] into ∗0 also , which he can do by crossing out the middle and adjacent dots , leaving [ ] # ∗0 , which he wins immediately .
If P1 plays in the [ οοο ] component , she must move to [ ] or to [ ο ] , each equivalent to some Nim - heap of size x < 2 , and P2 can answer by reducing the true Nim - heap ∗ 2 to contain x beans also .
Continuing our analysis of rows of dots :
In Penn 's game , the legal moves from [ οοοο ] are to [ οο ] and [ ο ] .
Both of these have Nim- value ∗1 , so the MEX is 0 .
Easy exercise : Since [ οοοο ] is supposedly equivalent to ∗0 , you should be able to show that a player who has a winning strategy in some game G also has a winning strategy in G + [ οοοο ] .
The legal moves from [ οοοοο ] are to [ οοο ] , [ οο ] , and [ ο ] # [ ο ] .
The Nim-values of these three games are ∗ 2 , ∗1 , and ∗0 respectively , so the MEX is 3 and [ οοοοο ] = ∗ 3 .
The legal moves from [ οοοοοο ] are to [ οοοο ] , [ οοο ] , and [ ο ] # [ οο ] .
The Nim-values of these three games are 0 , 2 , and 0 , so [ οοοοοο ] = ∗ 1 . 6 . Richard Penn 's game analyzed Row of
n dots Nim -
value Winning
move 0 0 1 1 [ ] 2 1 [ ] 3 2 [ ] 4 0 5 3 [ ο ] # [ ο ] 6 1 [ ο ] # [ οο ] 7 1 [ οο ] # [ οο ] 8 0 9 3 [ οοο ] # [ οοο ] 10 3 [ οοοοοοοο ] 11 2 [ οοοο ] # [ οοοο ] 12 2 [ οο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] 13 4 [ οοοοο ] # [ οοοοο ] 14 0 15 5 [ οοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοο ] 16 2 [ο × 14 ] 17 2 [ οοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] 18 3 [ οοο ] # [ ο × 12 ] 19 3 [ οοοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοοο ]
20 0 Continuing in this way , we get the table of Nim - values that you see at left .
The table says that a row of 19 dots should be a win for P1 , if she reduces the Nim - value from 3 to 0 .
And indeed , P1 has an easy winning strategy , which is to cross the 3 dots in the middle of the row , replacing [ οοοοοοοοοοοοοοοοοοο ] with [ οοοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοοο ] .
But no such easy strategy obtains in a row of 20 dots , which , indeed , is a win for P2 .
The original question involved circles of dots , not rows .
But from a circle of n dots there is only one legal move , which is to a row of n - 3 dots .
From a circle of 20 dots , the only legal move is to [ ο × 17 ] = ∗ 2 , which should be a win for P1 .
P1 should win by changing ∗ 2 to ∗0 , so should look for the move from [ ο × 17 ] to ∗0 .
This is the obvious solution Richard Penn discovered : move to [ οοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] .
So the circle of 20 dots is an easy win for P2 , the second player .
But for the circle of 19 dots the answer is the same , a win for the second player .
The first player must move to [ ο × 16 ] = ∗ 2 , and then the second player should win by moving to a 0 position .
[ο × 16 ] must have such a move , because if it did n't , the MEX rule would imply that its Nim- value was 0 instead of 2 .
So what 's the second player 's zero move here ?
There are actually two options .
The second player can win by playing to [ ο × 14 ] , or by splitting the row into [ οοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] .
7. Complete strategy for 19 - bean circle Just for completeness , let 's follow one of these purportedly winning moves in detail .
I claimed that the second player could win by moving to [ οοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] .
But what next ?
First recall that any isolated row of four dots , [ οοοο ] , can be disregarded , because any first - player move in such a row can be answered by a second - player move that crosses out the rest of the row .
And any pair of isolated rows of one or two dots , [ ο ] or [ οο ] , can be similarly disregarded , because any move that crosses out one can be answered by a move that crosses out the other .
So in what follows , positions like [ οο ] # [ ο ] # [ οοοο ] will be assumed to have been won by the second player , and we will say that the second player " has an easy win " if he has a move to such a position .
The first player has three possible moves in the left [ οοοοοο ] component , as follows :
If the first player moves to [ οοοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] , the second player has an easy win by moving to [ οοοο ] # [ οοοο ] .
If the first player moves to [ οοο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] = ∗ 2 # ∗1 , the second player should reduce the left component to ∗ 1 , by moving to [ ο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] .
Then no matter what the first player does , the second player has an easy win .
If the first player moves to [ ο ] # [ οο ] # [ οοοοοοο ] = ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 , the second player can disregard the [ ο ] # [ οο ] component .
The second player instead plays to [ ο ] # [ οο ] # [ οοοο ] and wins .
The first player has four moves in the right [ οοοοοοο ] component , as follows :
If the first player moves to [ οοοοοο ] # [ οοοοο ] = ∗ 1 # ∗3 , the second player should move from ∗ 3 to ∗ 1 .
There must be a move in [ οοοοο ] to a position with Nim- value 1 .
( If there were n't , [ οοοοο ] would have Nim- value 1 instead of 3 , by the MEX rule . )
Indeed , the second player can move to [ οοοοοο ] # [ οο ] .
Now whatever the first player does the second player has an easy win , either to [ οοοο ] or to X # X for some row X .
If the first player moves to [ οοοοοο ] # [ οοοο ] = ∗ 1 # ∗0 , the second player should move from ∗ 1 to ∗0 .
There must be a move in [ οοοοοο ] to a position with Nim- value 0 , and indeed there is : the second player moves to [ οοοο ] # [ οοοο ] and wins .
If the first player moves to [ οοοοοο ] # [ ο ] # [ οοο ] = ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 # ∗ 2 , the second player can disregard the ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 component and should move in the ∗ 2 component , to ∗0 , which he does by eliminating it entirely , leaving the first player with [ οοοοοο ] # [ ο ] .
After any move by the first player the second player has an easy win .
If the first player moves to [ οοοοοο ] # [ οο ] # [ οο ] = ∗ 1 # ∗ 1 # ∗1 , the second player has a number of good choices .
The simplest thing to do is to disregard the [ οο ] # [ οο ] component and move in the [ οοοοοο ] to some position with Nim- value 0 .
Moving to [ οοοο ] # [ οο ] # [ οο ] suffices .
So [ο × 17 ] is indeed a win for the next player to move , and a circle of 20 dots is therefore a win for the previous player , who is the second player .
But the important point here is not the strategy itself , which is hard to remember , and which could have been found by computer search .
The important thing to notice is that computing the table of Nim- values for each row of n dots is easy , and once you have done this , the rest of the strategy almost takes care of itself .
Do you need to find a good move from [ οοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοοοο ] # [ οοοοοοοοοο ] ?
There 's no need to worry , because the table says that this can be viewed as ∗ 1 # ∗ 3 # ∗3 , and so a good move is to reduce the ∗ 1 component , the [ οοοοοοο ] , to ∗0 , say by changing it to [ οοοο ] or to [ οο ] # [ οο ] .
Whatever your opponent does next , calculating your reply will be similarly easy .
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
Happy 909 day !
Why we love Roland 's classic drum machine ( and the best VST plugin versions for your DAW )
Unappreciated upon release , Roland ’s TR - 909 drum machine reshaped a musical era and still sets standards for new generations
Halloween fog machines ?
Been there , inhaled that .
Bubble machines ?
Still pretty cool , soap in the eye or not .
But what if humanity had created a machine that combined the venerable fog machine with bubbles ?
Interest piqued ?
Consider it done !
Advertisement
According to the Bubble Fogger 's Amazon listing , this marvelous contraption creates fog solution - filled bubbles and casts them out into the Halloween kitsch - filled ether that is your home in October .
When the bubbles pop , most likely in your eyes or on stain prone furniture , they become fog .
The kit includes both the bubble and fog solution , and will set you back $ 40 .
As far as over - priced , short - lived Halloween crap goes , that 's kind of a bargain .
[ Amazon via Random Good Stuff ]
Salt varies greatly with quality , mineral content , and health benefits
Refined Salt : White Poison -
The problem with salt is not the salt itself but the condition of the salt we eat !
Our regular table salt no longer has anything in common with the original crystal salt .
Salt now a day is mainly sodium chloride and not salt .
With the advent of industrial development , our natural salt was " chemically cleaned " and reduced only to sodium and chloride .
Major producing companies dry their salt in huge kilns with temperatures reaching 1200 degrees F , changing he salt 's chemical structure , which in turn adversely affects the human body .
The common table salt we use for cooking has only 2 or 3 chemical elements .
The seawater has 84 chemical elements .
For our body to be healthy we need all those elements .
When we use the common salt , we are in deficit of 81 elements which means we are somehow contributing to becoming weaker , imbalanced and more susceptible to diseases .
Use the seawater salt .
Salt is vital to all living creatures
Salt is a vital substance for the survival of all living creatures , particularly humans .
Water and salt regulate the water content of the body .
Water itself regulates the water content of the interior of the cell by working its way into all of the cells it reaches .
It has to get there to cleanse and extract the toxic wastes of cell metabolisms .
Salt forces some water to stay outside the cells .
It balances the amount of water that stays outside the cells .
There are two oceans of water in the body ; one ocean is held inside the cells of the body , and the other ocean is held outside the cells .
Good health depends on a most delicate balance between the volume of these oceans , and this balance is achieved by salt - unrefined salt .
When water is available to get inside the cells freely , it is filtered from the outside salty ocean and injected into the cells that are being overworked despite their water shortage .
This is the reason why in severe dehydration we develop an edema and retain water .
The design of our bodies is such that the extent of the ocean of water outside the cells is expanded to have the extra water available for filtration and emergency injection into vital cells .
The brain commands an increase in salt and water retention by the kidneys .
This is how we get an edema when we do n't drink enough water .
Water and Salt is the Essence of Life
by Dr. Barbara Hendel and biophysicist Peter Ferreira .
Never before has there been such a fascinating book about the fundamental two essential elements needed for achieving and maintaining vibrant health .
From the first day that this book was introduced in Germany two years ago , it was an immediate bestseller .
Millions of people have changed their lives in respect to water and salt with the profound scientific information presented herein in an easy - to - read format that everyone is able to understand .
We are happy to now make our English speaking readers acquainted with the subjects of Water and Salt so that they too may find better understanding and respect for these most essential elements .
We also hope that thousands of doctors , scientists , alternative practitioners and therapists will embrace this natural knowledge to help mankind in a natural way .
Initially , the process of water filtration and its delivery into the cells is more efficient at night when the body is horizontal .
The collected water , that mostly pools in the legs , does not have to fight the force of gravity to get onto the blood circulation .
If reliance of this process of emergency hydration of some cells continues for long , the lungs begin to get waterlogged at night , and breathing becomes difficult .
The person needs more pillows to sit upright to sleep .
This condition is the consequence of dehydration .
However , you might overload the system by drinking too much water at the beginning .
Increases in water intake must be slow and spread out until urine production begins to increase at the same rate that you drink water .
When we drink enough water to pass clear urine , we also pass out a lot of the salt that was held back .
This is how we can get rid of edema fluid in the body ; by drinking more water .
Not diuretics , but more water !!
In people who have an extensive edema and show signs of their heart beginning to have irregular or very rapid beats with least effort , the increase in water intake should be gradual and spaced out , but not withheld from the body .
Naturally , salt intake should be limited for two or three days because the body is still in an overdrive mode to retain it .
Once the edema has cleared up , salt should not be withheld from the body .
Paracelsus institutes fresh medical concept
The doctor and alchemist Paracelsus ( 1493 –1541 A.D. ) introduced an entirely new medical concept .
He believed that external factors create disease and conceived a chemically oriented medical system which contrasted with the prevalent herbal medicine .
Only salted food could be digested properly : " The human being must have salt , he can not be without salt .
Where there is no salt , nothing will remain , but everything will tend to rot . "
He recommended salt water for the treatment of wounds and for use against intestinal worms .
A hip - bath in salt water was a superb remedy for skin diseases and itching : " This brine - he said - is better than all the health spas arising out of nature . "
He described the diuretic effect of salt consumption and prescribed salt preparations of different strengths that were used for instance against constipation .
Salt - based remedies were thought to have expectorant powers .
A mixture of water , salt , and vinegar was employed as an emetic .
Drinking a mixture of two - thirds cow 's milk and one - third salt - water , in the mornings , on an empty stomach was recommended as a cure for diseases of the spleen .
A mixture of salt and honey was applied topically to clean bad ulcers and salt - water was used externally against skin diseases and freckles
" In recent years there has been much publicity about the need to reduce salt consumption in societies where salt is added to many processed foods ( Denton 1984 , 584 - 7 ) .
It has tended to be forgotten that some salt intake is absolutely necessary ; that people need salt , sodium chloride , to survive :
The chemical requirements of the human body demand that the salt concentration in the blood be kept constant .
If the body does not get enough salt , a hormonal mechanism compensates by reducing the excretion of salt in the urine and sweat .
But it cannot reduce this output to zero .
On a completely salt - free diet the body steadily loses small amounts of salt via the kidneys and sweat glands .
It then attempts to adjust this by accelerating its secretion of water , so that the blood ’s salt concentration can be maintained at the vital level .
The result is a gradual desiccation of the body and finally death . "
Roy Moxham
Salt Hypothesis
The past president of the American Heart Association , Dr. Suzanne Oparil of the University of Alabama - Birmingham , said her personal view is that the government may have been too quick to recommend that everyone cut back .
" Salt restriction as a solitary recommendation for the population for the prevention or the treatment of hypertension .
An eight - year study of a New York City hypertensive population stratified for sodium intake levels found those on low - salt diets had more than four times as many heart attacks as those on normal - sodium diets – the exact opposite of what the “ salt hypothesis ” would have predicted .
( 1995 ) .
Dr. Jeffrey R. Cutler documented no health outcomes benefits of lower - sodium diets .
Salt has many benefits and physiological functions
Salt is most effective in stabilizing irregular heartbeats and , Contrary to the misconception that it causes high blood pressure , it is actually essential for the regulation of blood pressure - in conjunction with water .
Naturally the proportions are critical .
Salt is vital to the extraction of excess acidity from the cells in the body , particularly the brain cells .
Salt is vital for balancing the sugar levels in the blood ; a needed element in diabetics .
Salt is vital for the generation of hydroelectric energy in cells in the body .
It is used for local power generation at the sites of energy need by the cells .
Salt is vital to the nerve cells ' communication and information processing all the time that the brain cells work , from the moment of conception to death .
Salt is vital for absorption of food particles through the intestinal tract .
Salt is vital for the clearance of the lungs of mucus plugs and sticky phlegm , particularly in asthma and cystic fibrosis .
Salt is vital for clearing up catarrh and congestion of the sinuses .
Salt is a strong natural antihistamine .
Salt is essential for the prevention of muscle cramps .
Salt is vital to prevent excess saliva production to the point that it flows out of the mouth during sleep .
Needing to constantly mop up excess saliva indicates salt shortage .
Salt is absolutely vital to making the structure of bones firm .
Osteoporosis , in a major way , is a result of salt and water shortage in the body .
Salt is vital for sleep regulation .
It is a natural hypnotic .
Salt is a vitally needed element in the treatment of diabetics .
Salt on the tongue will stop persistent dry coughs .
Salt is vital for the prevention of gout and gouty arthritis .
Salt is vital for maintaining sexuality and libido .
Salt is vital for preventing varicose veins and spider veins on the legs and thighs .
Salt is vital to the communication and information processing nerve cells the entire time that the brain cells work - from the moment of conception to death .
Salt is vital for reducing a double chin .
When the body is short of salt , it means the body really is short of water .
The salivary glands sense the salt shortage and are obliged to produce more saliva to lubricate the act of chewing and swallowing and also to supply the stomach with water that it needs for breaking down foods .
Circulation to the salivary glands increases and the blood vessels become " leaky " in order to supply the glands with water to manufacture saliva .
The " leakiness " spills beyond the area of the glands themselves , causing increased bulk under the skin of the chin , the cheeks and into the neck .
Sea salt contains about 80 mineral elements that the body needs .
Some of these elements are needed in trace amounts .
Unrefined sea salt is a better choice of salt than other types of salt on the market .
Ordinary table salt that is bought in the super markets has been stripped of its companion elements and contains additive elements such as aluminum silicate to keep it powdery and porous .
Aluminum is a very toxic element in our nervous system .
It is implicated as one of the primary causes of Alzheimer 's disease .
Twenty - seven percent of the body 's salt is in the bones .
Osteoporosis results when the body needs more salt and takes it from the body .
Bones are twenty - two percent water .
Is it not obvious what happens to the bones when we 're deficient in salt or water or both .
Crystal Salt with Therapeutic Properties
Crystal Salt refers to a specific crystal salt coming from a particular region in Northeast Pakistan and has been the subject of comprehensive medical research .
Khewra Salt
Mine is many thousands of years old and is the second largest salt mine in the world .
This Salt contains 84 minerals and trace elements that are necessary for health , and is a holistic , and natural salt that is much more than just sodium , and chloride such as refined table salt .
These minerals have been subjected to enormous pressure , and have crystallized over millions of years .
The higher the amount of pressure the more superior or excellent the state of order within the crystalline structure .
Salt , for us , is foremost an information carrier and not a spice .
For information to be absorbed into our cells , a crystalline structure is necessary .
Chemically , a stone and a quartz crystal are both silicates .
However , the vast difference in the amounts of pressure they were subjected to , distinguishes them .
The quartz crystal embodies a perfect geometric form , a perfect state of order within its structure .
The stone does not .
Its elements are coarse , because it was not subjected to enough pressure to create a crystalline structure .
Crystal salt layers wind through the mountain of salt , shimmering in transparent white , pinkish or reddish veins .
Only with sufficient pressure were the minerals transformed into crystal salt .
The elements trapped within are particles small enough to be able to pass through cell walls and be metabolized .
Healing Qualities of Salt
For thousands of years salt has been known as a panacea .
Alchemists called it the fifth element besides water , earth , air and , fire because its qualities were comparable only to ether , the actual fifth element .
Why are we so drawn to the ocean ?
Because our subconscious mind instinctively wants to return to the specific vibrational state of the ocean from which we once emerged .
This is where we can return to recharge our batteries and regenerate .
It was only two - hundred - fifty years ago , with the advent of industrialization , that we initiated our disconnection from nature and her ways .
Fortunately , we are witnessing a trend to return back to natural , holistic methods for living and caring for our body , including a shift back to utilizing natural salts in this process .
People everywhere are reconsidering the healing effects of natural crystal salt .
We can find it in skin care lotions and for use as bath salts , and it is even used in inhalation or cleansing treatments for illnesses of the respiratory system and for a variety of other indications
Hospital carved out of the expansive salt mountain
The healing properties of salt are also known in allopathic medicine .
The largest and oldest salt works in Europe occupies the royal salt mine of Wieliczka , Poland , just 7.5 miles outside of Krakow .
Here , a hospital was carved out of the expansive salt mountain , seven hundred forty feet below the surface , specifically for asthmatics and patients with lung disease and allergies .
Several thousand patients have been successfully treated in this hospital .
The healing rate is astonishingly over 90 % .
Recognition of the healing effects of salt chambers has influenced the construction of a similar underground spa located in the salt mine of Berchtesgaden in Germany .
The therapeutic benefits of long - term residency inside the healing salt chambers are allopathically acknowledged .
Dr. Batmanghelidj MD recommends salt
Dr. Batmanghelidj MD - " Use 1/4 tsp. of sea salt for every quart of water you drink .
Use a good sea salt , one with at least 80 minerals , liberally with food .
As long as you drink the water , you can use the salt .
Some put it in their water , some lick it off their hand , some season their foods after cooking .
It 's up to you .
Make sure you take potassium daily ( banana , orange juice , etc )
Salt water when drunk has an expectorant effect in the stomach and increases gastric juice secretion .
It raises the level of stomach acid , hastens its production , impedes or stimulates stomach motricity and emptying - rate ( depending upon the salt concentration ) , increases the secretion of the pancreas , and at higher salt concentrations stimulates the formation of bile acids .
The Mayo Clinic had pronounced Lloyd Palmer , of Minnesota , as incurable .
Since 1965 he had suffered from excruciatingly painful arthritis of his spinal column -- ankylosing spondylitis .
His spine twisted and lost movement until , he says , he became a " walking comma . "
He suffered pain for 31 years , until he started to drink water and take salt .
He writes : " I continue to be pain - free with my ankylosis spondylitis one year after starting the water / salt regime .
My blood pressure is normal as well .
I thank God every day for allowing me to finally be pain - free . "
Lloyd Palmer 's story is so incredible that Paul Harvey reported it on his ABC News program .
He also wrote a syndicated column , printed in a few hundred newspapers .
Hydrotherapy with salt
Water therapy has been used for centuries to heal the sick
Hydro - and hydrothermal therapy are traditional methods of treatment that have been used for the treatment of disease and injury by many cultures , including those of ancient Rome , China , and Japan .
Water therapy has been around for centuries .
The ancient Greeks took clay and mineral therapeutic baths .
Water is an important ingredient in the traditional Chinese and Native American healing systems .
Study Reveals Profound Life - Giving Properties of Salt
Results of a comprehensive , scientific research project studying the effects of water and salt on a myriad of body functions reveal some impressive indicators about the affect that drinking Fiji Water and taking Crystal Salt can have on the body .
A nine - week double - blind university study undertaken in 2003 at the Inter - University of Graz , Austria , examined the effects of drinking a minimum of 1.5 liters of quality water per day with common table salt vs. a minimum of 1.5 liters of FIJI Water with Crystal Salt on physical and psychological functions of the body .
In the study , patients who drank Fiji Water together with the Crystal Salt saw significant positive changes in respiratory , circulatory , organ , connective tissue and nervous system functions .
Patients also reported increases in the quality of sleep , energy and concentration levels , brain activity , weight loss , enhanced consciousness and noticeable nail and hair growth .
Biophysical Examination by Segmentary Diagnosis ( Imedis )
The biophysical examinations were performed by the expert system , IMEDIS .
This system captures the primary state of homeostasis as well as the immediate reaction of the body to altered environmental influences .
In diagnosing the body 's reactions to one or several environmental influences , the patients were subjected to a so - called ' neutral ' environment .
The result of these referential measurements serves as a comparative basis for measurements of bodily functions within altered situations .
These measurements were performed according to the experiences of biofunctional organometry as well as to the methods of segmentary diagnosis .
The focus of this test was to pinpoint the energetic and informational effects on the homeostasis ( biofunctional regulatory behavior ) .
The results of the organometric measurements confirm , with no ambiguity , its supportive effects through a continuous decrease in deviating factors .
The diagnosis of the organs and the reactions in the vegetative nervous system illuminates the energetic and informational relationship between the water and the crystalline sole and its effects on the homeostatic regulatory behavior .
This diagnosis helps determine the major pathological and pre-pathological tendencies as well as functional disorders and physiological tensions .
The tests confirmed that all of the previously determined organ dysfunctions regained their original , natural state of balance and proved the regulating and balancing power of the crystalline sole .
Salt Crystal Lamps
According to research , the heated salt crystal lamps can be referred to as natural ion generators .
When the sun heats up our largest natural salt solutions , the oceans , it generates the natural energy vibration that our entire global environment consists of .
The Translucent salt crystal creates exactly the same natural energy field .
Scientifically speaking , this natural ionization process takes place millions of times , invisible to the eye , and without any influence of the quality of the crystal .
Similar to the concept whereby tree leaves absorb dangerous dioxides and transform them into essential oxygen , without damaging the plant .
Crystal salt is one of the few minerals whose atomic structure is bound electrically , not molecularly .
This characteristic of the mineral structure enables the crystal to change back and forth from crystalline to liquid state .
This natural ionization creates an electric charge , a pure natural energy vibration .
The crystal salt lamp can help neutralize the positive ions and electromagnetic field frequencies .
Therefore , our human energy field will be balanced through the harmonizing energy vibration of the crystal .
This can help with relaxation , strengthen the immune system , the heart , the adrenals , the thyroid , to mention just a few of our major physical body functions .
The Essential Health Benefits of Sea Water
Sea water has a history of therapeutic use .
Its application to the body , warmed and usually combined with massage , is referred to as Thalassotherapy , originating from the Greek word thalassa .
Both the Greeks and the Romans recognised the therapeutic effects of sea water .
The immediate general effects of warm sea water application ( it can penetrate the skin more easily when warm , and enter into the blood ) is relaxing , regenerative and stimulating .
The American Indians who resided in the Utah area near the Great Salt Lake regularly drank small quantities of the inland sea water .
They discovered that this practice enhanced the effect of their herbal remedies .
It was based on this folk use that Hartly Anderson set up a company to extract the exceptionally pure and concentrated form of sea water and to market it for health purposes .
Speleotherapy - Salt Therapy for respiratory illnesses
Several research reports the benefit of Halo / Speleo therapy that can improve a condition of people suffering in chronic and allergic diseases of respiratory system such as asthma , allergy , rhinitis , bronchitis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
Skulimowski ( 1965 ) reports an improvement of salt therapy with the group of 100 COPD and asthma patients after applying the treatment of speleotherapy 4 hours a day for 6 - 8 weeks .
Hovarths ( 1986 ) conducts a medical reserch and shows successful results in salt therapy in a group of more than 4000 patients in a 10 - year period in a hospital - cave complex in Tapolca , Hungary .
He shows that a sharp and long - lasting clinical improvement and a significant recovery from airway obstruction could be observed in the overwhelming majority of patients .
Life giving Ancient Minerals
An abundance of the minerals in unrefined real salt are as synonymous with life today as they were a billion years ago before single cells appeared here .
Lack of them is synonymous with birth defects , organ failure , decay , diseases , premature aging and death at a young age .
The problem with salt is not the salt itself but the condition of the salt we eat - refined !
Major producing companies dry their salt in huge kilns with temperatures reaching 1200 degrees F , changing he salt 's chemical structure , which in turn adversely affects the human body .
The facts are that in the heating process of salt , the element sodium chloride goes off into the air as a gas .
What remains is sodium hydroxate which is irritating to the system and does not satisfy the body 's hunger and need for sodium chloride .
Sodium chloride is one of the 12 daily essential minerals .
In countries which do not alter their salt supply , heart disease and arthritis are so rare that many doctors have never seen a case .
Their salt is dried from the ocean by the sun .
Many people believe that salt is harmful to the human body .
The truth is we cannot live without salt ( sodium chloride ) .
From salt the body makes hydrochloric acid which is one of the essential digestive fluids .
There is not enough natural salt in our foods , so we must supplement our diet .
When salt is withheld , weakness and sickness follow .
Try this experiment :
Mix a spoonful of salt in a glass of water and let it stand overnight .
If the salt collects on the bottom of the glass , it has been processed .
NATURAL SALT DISSOLVES !
Salt that will not dissolve in water cannot dissolve in your body .
Any foreign substance that collects in the body organs and tissues will eventually result in malfunctioning of essential body processes : heart disease , arthritis , hardening of the body tissues and arteries , calcium deposits in the joints , etc. Natural organic salt ( saline ) will not cause calcification in your body .
Natural , unprocessed salt can dissolve damaging calcium deposits in the body .
Defining the precise roles of salt
Science and medicine have tried to define the precise roles of salt in the healthy and diseased human organism .
Blood , sweat , and tears all contain salt , and both the skin and the eyes are protected from infectious germs by the anti-bacterial effect of salt .
When salt is added to a liquid , particles with opposite charges are formed : a positively charged sodium ion and a negatively charged chloride ion .
This is the basis of osmosis which regulates fluid pressure within living cells and protects the body against excessive water loss ( as in diarrhoea or on heavy sweating ) .
Sodium and chloride ions , as well as potassium ions , create a measurable difference in potential across cell membranes .
This ensures that the fluid inside living cells remains separate from that outside .
Thus , although the human body consists mainly of water , our " inner ocean " does not flow away or evaporate .
Sodium ions create a high pressure of liquid in the kidneys and thus regulate their metabolic function .
Water is extracted through the renal drainage system .
The body thus loses a minimal amount of essential water .
Out of 1500 liters of blood which pass daily through the kidneys , only about 1.5 liters of liquid leave the body as urine .
Fuel for the nerves
Salt is " fuel " for nerves .
Streams of positively and negatively charged ions send impulses to nerve fibers .
A muscle cell will only contract if an impulse reaches it .
Nerve impulses are partly propelled by co-ordinated changes in charged particles .
Look what happens to fish
" Fish from the ocean will die quickly if placed in a solution of refined salt and water .
The sodium chloride , in its form as it comes from the refinery , is actually poisonous to them .
Bottom line , is that yes it can be harmful to consume too much refined salt , but you cannot consume too much natural unrefined salt . "
Beware of " Sea salt " Labels
On the labels of many packaged food , in supermarkets as well as health food stores the name " sea salt " appears often .
Reading this , we feel safe and reassured , thinking that when it comes to the salt part of the ingredients .
This supermarket or health food store " sea salt " has been totally refined .
At its origin , it may have come from the sea , but it has been harvested mechanically from dirt or concrete basins with bulldozers and piped through metal conduits ; put through many degrading artificial processes ; heated under extreme heat levels in order to crack its molecular structure ; robbed of all of its essential minerals that are essential to our physiology ; these elements are extracted and sold separately to industry .
Precious and highly prized by the salt refiners , these bring more profits than the salt itself .
Further adulterated by chemical additives to make it free - flowing , bleached , and iodized .
To call what remains " sea salt " would be quite misleading .
In addition , harmful chemicals have been added to the processed , altered unnatural substance to mask and cover up all of the impurities it has .
These added chemicals include free flowing agents , inorganic iodine , plus dextrose and bleaching agents .
Standard salt additives : Potassium - Iodide ( added to the salt to avoid Iodine deficiency disease of thyroid gland ) , Sugar ( added to stabilize Iodine and as anti-caking chemical ) , Aluminum silicate .
Real unrefined unheated untreated natural sea-salt
Long before the earth knew pollutants of any kind , a huge , ancient sea covered what is now North America .
Pure , natural salt was the main ingredient of this sea , and over millions of years , the water in the sea evaporated , leaving the salt in undisturbed deposits .
At some point during the earth 's Jurassic era , a range of volcanoes erupted around the ancient sea bed , sealing the salt with thick volcanic ash , protecting these precious deposits against the pollution that man would eventually introduce into the environment .
Near the small town of Redmond , in central Utah , approximately 200 miles south of Salt Lake City , they carefully extract this salt from deep within the earth , and bring it to you in its pure , natural state –without any additives , chemicals , or heat processing .
This is RealSalt , full of flavor and natural goodness –the way salt was meant to be savored .
The product of Utah is kosher certified and is endowed with more than 50 natural minerals including iodine .
The right kind of salt is vital for your animals too !
Herds of elephants risk injury and death in a perilous journey to hidden salt caves where they supplement their sodium deficient diets .
Our pets also suffer from sodium deficiency .
Farmers place salt - blocks on their pasture so that their livestock and all other animals can lick the salt to their heart 's content .
An abundance of the ingredients in unrefined real salt are as synonymous with life today as they were a billion years ago before single cells appeared here .
Lack of them is synonymous with birth defects , organ failure , decay , diseases , premature aging and death at a young age .
Long before the earth knew pollutants of any kind , a huge , ancient sea covered what is now North America .
Pure , natural salt was the main ingredient of this sea , and over millions of years , the water in the sea evaporated , leaving the salt in undisturbed deposits .
Be careful of Common table salt for your animals
Please do n't supplement your animal 's diet with sodium chloride ( common table salt ) ; all of the other beneficial elements have been removed .
Animals need unrefined , unprocessed real salt .
Major producing companies dry their salt in huge kilns with temperatures reaching 1200 degrees F , changing he salt 's chemical structure , which in turn adversely affects the human body .
Avoid the common refined table salt .
Domesticated animals need the right kind of salt
One way to provide salt to your pets is to provide two separate water bowls .
One bowl with real - unrefined - unheated - natural - sea - salt and one bowl without salt , so that the animals can consume as much salt as they require .
They will drink from the bowl that contains salted water , however once they have had enough salt , they will drink from the bowl that has plain water .
Himalayan Salt Licks For Horses and other large Animals
Salt Facts
Salt has become an inexpensive and readily available commodity that is taken for granted by most people .
But in older times , wars were fought over salt , and huge taxes were also levied on it .
In some places , salt was in such high demand that it was minted into coins that were as valuable as gold and functioned as the basic currency for ancient civilizations .
Where salt was scarce it was traded ounce for ounce with gold –for as the Roman statesman Cassiodorus observed , " Some seek not gold , but there lives not a man who does not need salt . "
Because everyone , rich and poor , craves salt , rulers going back at least as far as the Chinese emperor Yu in 2200 B.C. have tried mightily to control and tax it .
Salt taxes helped finance empires throughout Europe and Asia , but also inspired a lively black market , smuggling rings , riots , even revolutions .
Pure salt consists of the elements sodium and chlorine .
Its chemical name is sodium chloride and its formula is NaCl .
Its mineral name is halite .
Table salt is a chemically simple combination of two components , sodium and chlorine .
The basic components of salt are , by themselves , potentially dangerous .
Sodium will ignite immediately if it comes into contact with water , and chlorine is poisonous if ingested .
In combination , though , the two elements form sodium chloride , commonly known as salt .
Salt is essential .
Each of us contain from four to eight ounces of salt .
In the body , salt is as important to humans as water or air .
It helps maintain the normal volume of blood in the body and also helps keep the correct balance of water in and around the cells and tissues .
Salt plays an important part in the digestion of food and is essential in making the heart beat correctly .
It is also necessary for the formation and proper function of nerve fibers , which carry impulses to and from the brain .
Sodium , together with calcium , magnesium and potassium , helps regulate the body 's metabolism .
The sodium in salt is an essential nutrient .
In combination with potassium , it regulates the acid - alkaline balance in our blood and is also necessary for proper muscle functioning .
When we do n't get enough sodium chloride , we experience muscle cramps , dizziness , exhaustion and , in extreme cases , convulsions and death .
Salt is essential to our well being .
For years , many researchers have claimed that salt threatens public health , mostly by contributing to high blood pressure .
Recently , though , other researchers have begun to change salt 's reputation .
A recent review of salt studies conducted over the past two decades concluded that there 's no reason for doctors to recommend reducing sodium intake for people with normal blood pressure .
It may be that most of us are protected from excessive salt by our kidneys , which regulate the body 's sodium level and eliminate any excess .
Salt cures are n't new .
In the early 19th Century , sick people traveled to rudimentary spas such as French Lick Springs in Indiana and Big Bone Lick , Kentucky , to soak in salt springs .
Today 's more luxurious spas offer salt baths , glows , rubs and polishes to exfoliate dead skin , stimulate circulation and relieve stress .
All salts come from a sea , but are processed in different ways .
The oceans that once covered the earth left a generous supply of salt beds and underground deposits .
There are two basic methods for removing salt from the ground : room - and - pillar mining and solution mining .
In room - and - pillar mining , shafts are sunk into the ground , and miners break up the rock salt with drills .
The miners remove chunks of salt , creating huge rooms that are separated by pillars of salt .
The room - and - pillar method requires that about half the salt be left behind as pillars .
In solution mining , a well is drilled into the ground , and two pipes are lowered into the hole .
The pipes consist of a small central pipe inside a larger pipe .
The brine is either shipped as a liquid or evaporated in special devices called vacuum pans to form solid salt .
Crystalline salt deposits are found on every continent .
Oceans contained an estimated four - and - a - half million cubic miles of it .
Only about five percent of the world 's annual salt production ends up as seasoning at the dinner table .
The vast majority , however , pours into chemical plants , where it leads the five major raw materials utilized by industry : salt , sulfur , limestone , coal and petroleum .
Salt pickles cucumbers , helps pack meat , can vegetables , cure leather , make glass , bread , butter , cheese , rubber and wood pulp .
Salt has some 14,000 uses , more than any other mineral .
Salt is essential .
In humans , it is a basic component of taste , along with sweet , sour and bitter .
The Conductivity of Salt
If you 've ever taken chemistry in high school you 're familiar with this simple experiment to test the conductivity of salt .
Two ends of an electrical wire are attached to a light bulb .
The other ends are submerged in a glass of water .
Because water alone is not conductive , the bulb does not light up .
But when we add a little salt to the water the bulb starts to glow .
It 's the same with our body .
When we lack the natural elements in salt we suffer from a chronic energy deficit , or deficit of information .
Salt can not be labeled as medication because that would imply that apples too were a medicine .
Salt is a core essential nutrient with exceptional abilities and qualities fundamental for keeping us alive !
Salt Can Displace an Energy Deficit and Restore Balance
We can understand a perfect example of how a lack of energy can cause suffering .
At times we hear of major electrical shutdowns where several states and millions of people are without electricity ( energy ) .
Everyone living in the affected areas suffer from this lack of energy .
In this example it reflects the lack in our society .
Something is missing in our society that needs to be replaced .
Only when we restore the energy , restore the balance , we come back into harmony .
We have to understand , through suffering from lack of energy , exactly what we need to add to our lives to relieve the suffering .
Here , our society is also a body suffering .
If we choose , we can look for the cause and eliminate it , just as we look for the cause of our own individual suffering .
Salt Reduction ?
Roy Moxham : " In recent years there has been much publicity about the need to reduce salt consumption in societies where salt is added to many processed foods .
It has tended to be forgotten that some salt intake is absolutely necessary ; that people need salt , sodium chloride , to survive :
The chemical requirements of the human body demand that the salt concentration in the blood be kept constant .
If the body does not get enough salt , a hormonal mechanism compensates by reducing the excretion of salt in the urine and sweat .
But it cannot reduce this output to zero .
On a completely salt - free diet the body steadily loses small amounts of salt via the kidneys and sweat glands .
It then attempts to adjust this by accelerating its secretion of water , so that the blood 's salt concentration can be maintained at the vital level .
The result is a gradual desiccation of the body and finally death . "
The past president of the American Heart Association , Dr. Suzanne Oparil of the University of Alabama - Birmingham , said her personal view is that the government may have been too quick to recommend that everyone cut back .
" Salt restriction as a solitary recommendation for the population for the prevention or the treatment of hypertension .
An eight - year study of a New York City hypertensive population stratified for sodium intake levels found those on low - salt diets had more than four times as many heart attacks as those on normal - sodium diets the exact opposite of what the salt hypothesis would have predicted . "
No Thoughts and No Actions Without Salt
Remember , energy and information are two terms used to describe the same thing .
Even the simplest processes in our body need salt , or its inherent elements ( ionized energy ) .
Our nervous system is really a sophisticated energy network .
It transmits stimulation that is recorded via sensory input ( all of our senses are actually energy receptors , our eyes receive waves of energy , information in the form of light frequencies , our ears receive sound frequencies or patterns of energy and our nose senses odors , also electrical charges in the atmosphere )
Everything in the universe works by the fundamental principals of energy !
Anyway , these sensory inputs that travel to our brain are passed on to our muscles in order for them to react to the respective stimuli ( electrical current ) .
An electric potential occurs on the membrane wall of a cell when the positively charged potassium ions leave the cells and the positively charged sodium ions cannot enter due to their size .
The outside becomes positively charged and the inside , negatively charged .
When a nerve cell is stimulated , its membrane suddenly becomes polar opposite and is permeable for the sodium ions , allowing the electrical charge to enter .
Without the elements of potassium and sodium is salt , none of this is possible .
Not even a single thought , let alone an action , is possible without their presence .
First comes the thought , a wave of energy received in the brain .
This thought is nothing more than an electromagnetic frequency .
The salt is responsible for enabling this frequency to transmit commands to the muscles and organs .
Frank : Republicans " winced " when McCain was mentioned in meeting
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) said that " nobody mentioned McCain " during the several - hour - long meeting on the $ 700 billion market rescue plan , other than Frank and that his Republican colleagues " winced " when he did .
" He ’s been irrelevant to the process .
He remains to be , " said Frank .
" I was afraid that his dropping in here , like Andy Kaufman ’s Mighty Mouse — ' here I am to save the day ' — I thought that would slow things down .
I did n’t see any sign of our Republican colleagues paying any attention to him whatsoever . "
Franks went on .
" Nobody mentioned him .
The man ’s irrelevant to the whole process .
No Republican mentioned his name .
I ’m the only one who raised his name .
They winced when I did , " he said .
" I do n’t think anyone takes that seriously , " said Frank of McCain 's suggestion that Friday 's debate be delayed .
" Sen. McCain trying to use the necessity for his presence to reach a deal that we ’ve already reached as a reason to duck the debate is unworthy of him .
There is absolutely no reason not to go to the debate . "
Frank was equally cool about today 's meeting with the White House .
" The White House is n’t show and tell .
We ’re going to the White House because the president asked us to go .
Nobody thinks at this point that anything useful ’s going to happen .
But we now have to get things drafted and worked on .
The White House meeting is just an interruption in our schedule , " he said .
Though he said McCain 's presence would be unhelpful , he did say , getting a dig in at McCain 's running mate , that there " were times when I was ready to suggest that , when we got to some of the more complicated issues about how do you price these sophisticated instruments , that we ask him to make Sarah Palin available to give us her expertise . "
The energy referred to in EROEI can be energy to run technology , such as liquid fuels for transport or electricity for lighting .
It can however refer to energy in a form that can be taken in directly by living organisms : food .
Energy returned on energy invested ( EROEI or EROI ) is a concept that mirrors the financial metric , return on investment ( ROI ) .
In order to make an energy gain or “ profit ” , energy or work must be consumed or exerted ( Cleveland , C.J. , 2001 , p.1 ) .
The energy gain or profit often referred to as “ net energy ” .
EROEI is usually expressed as a ratio , or occasionally as a percentage .
EROEI can also be represented diagrammatically in simplified form ( Fig. 1 ) .
How widely is EROEI - analysis currently used ?
EROEI is understood by some of those campaigning on environmental issues , mostly those who focus on fossil fuel depletion issues .
The concept of EROEI has been defined by Cleveland , Costanza , Hall & Kaufmann , ( 1984 ) and Odum ( 1996 ) .
However , within society ’s key decision - making mainstream – financial markets , governments , parliamentarians and those advising them within the civil service and policy - making and lobbying bodies – there is little evidence that the concept and significance of EROEI is grasped or accepted .
Instead they appraise different energy investment options applying financial , political and environmental criteria .
Environmental criteria usually encompass climate change , local environmental effects and waste management .
Where resource constraints are discussed , the financial ROI is implicitly seen as an adequate proxy for EROI : for example the remaining uranium reserve is usually described in remaining tonnes of uranium which can be economically extracted at a minimum uranium commodity price ( $ US per kg) using current technologies .
Implicit in this is the idea that the financial cost and technology are the key determiners of availability , rather than any physical constraints .
Nate Hagens , a former Wall Street hedge fund manager , has observed that the financial markets do not understand net energy .
Peter Davies , Special Economics Advisor at BP , has also stated that the net energy of an energy source is an irrelevant criterion
In addition , the decision - making mainstream has conducted energy policy on a predict - andprovide basis : “ energy needs ” must be met ( BERR , White Paper , “ Meeting the Energy Challenge ” , May 2007 ) 8 .
Energy efficiency has been encouraged since the oil crises of the 1970s and the industrialised economies now generate more wealth per unit of inputted energy now than in previous decades .
However , total energy use has increased over time as the global economy has grown .
Planned reduction in overall energy use , as a matter of public policy , is not yet accepted because of the impact this would have on future economic growth ( Stern , 2003 , p49 ) 9 .
In the Department for Business Enterprise and Regulatory Reform ’s ( BERR’s ) May 2007 White Paper , there are 15 references to need to sustain “ economic growth ” .
Measuring EROEI – system boundaries
While differences in philosophical outlook or ideological constraints may explain why EROEI has largely been ignored by mainstream decision - makers , use of EROEI as a metric to appraise energy investment options is also problematic for practical reasons .
Currently no established , globally agreed criteria exist to define the boundaries of an energy system .
What inputs should be counted as “ energy invested ” ?
At what point is the “ energy returned ” considered to have been delivered as a useful output ?
The results of an EROEI analysis and the conclusions that can be drawn from them are influenced strongly by the boundaries used to define an energy system .
Energy returned
Where should the “ energy returned ” system boundary be drawn ?
How this question is answered depends on the scope of the energy investment option appraisal .
If the EROEI analysis is limited to alternative methods of generating electricity for the national grid , the “ energy returned ” should be in the form of electricity delivered to the consumer .
If the comparison is between methods of fuelling vehicles , the energy return should be in the form of mechanical energy delivered to turn the vehicle ’s wheels .
Energy invested
Energy has to be invested at all stages in the life cycle of an energy system .
As with financial accounting , some costs are directly associated with the activity .
Others are overheads , which are allocated pro-rata .
Some of the costs may have no connection to the energy system but have been incurred somewhere in wider society .
Example : a nuclear reactor ( with examples of the energy costs that could be included )
Figure 2 , click to enlarge
Even if a technologically simpler energy system were to be analysed , such as a series of wind farms that generated the same net energy as the nuclear reactor , identifying and quantifying the all of the most tenuous , indirect costs would soon become impractical .
It is clearly more feasible to identify and quantify direct energy expenditure : for example , the energy cost of forging steel for a wind turbine tower , or the energy needed to transport it from the factory to its operational location .
When does an energy cost become an indirect overhead ?
Perhaps , a portion of the energy needed to build and run the foundry and its equipment ; and maybe also a portion of the energy needed to train , feed , entertain and motivate the foundry workers ?
The calculation would rapidly become very time - consuming and prone to error .
Ultimately , a slice of the entirety of the remainder of society ’s activities could notionally be apportioned to each energy gathering activity , giving all energy sources an EROEI of 1:110 .
Clearly an EROEI which included all indirect costs , however tenuous their association to the energy system , would not be a helpful tool for assessing how best to meet society ’s “ energy needs ” .
EROEI and the complexity of a society
So , if all the most tenuous , indirect energy costs of our global energy system were to be included in an EROEI analysis , the global energy system would have an EROEI of 1:1 .
Does this point to a more fundamental impact of EROEI on the nature of a society ?
Although EROEI had not been codified until recent decades , from its first beginnings all life has had to expend energy in order to capture energy from its environment : if a fox does not obtain more energy from eating rabbits that it consumes catching them , it will not survive long ; similarly tulips , bacteria and humans .
From the days of the earliest hunter - gatherers , the nature of human societies has been governed by their success in capturing energy ( primarily food energy ) at an energy profit
The question of which factors determine the fate of different societies throughout history has been addressed by Joseph Tainter and Jared Diamond .
In The Collapse of Complex Societies ( Tainter , 1988 ) 12 and Collapse ( Diamond , 2005 ) 13 the authors examine the reasons why societies of all sizes , from small isolated settlements up to the Roman Empire , collapsed .
Diamond identifies four reasons why societies collapse : resource depletion ; climate change ; hostile neighbours ; friendly neighbours .
Tainter focuses on “ energy gain ” .
Societies that manage to achieve high energy gains from their energy systems develop complexity , which have been characterised by large population densities ; high levels of occupational specialisation ; steeper social hierarchies and increased inequality 14 ( Illich , 1974 ) .
As population densities and specialisation increase , the energy systems that sustain them have to deliver more net energy .
In doing so , they allow the population to growth further and a still greater percentage of that growing population to become “ non-productive ” specialists .
The EROEI of fossil fuels , which represented more than 80 % of our total primary energy use in 2004 ( IEA , WEO 2006 , p492 ) 15 , is declining16 ( Cleveland , J. , 2005 , p.781 ) down to the lower levels typically achieved by current renewable energy technologies .
If , as appears likely , we are moving to a lower EROEI or lower gain energy systems , the implications for our society will be most profound .
Other physical criteria for assessing the practicability of energy systems
As we have seen above , EROEI is a metric that can describe much more than the technical feasibility of an energy system .
However , in a real world study or technical option appraisal , there are several physical factors that would need to be considered in addition to EROEI :
Infrastructural requirements – the world is not a blank sheet in terms of energy systems .
There is a lot of existing energy infrastructure .
If a new energy system requires significant changes to the existing infrastructure , it means there will be a longer lead - in time , decades in some cases ( Hirsch , R. et al , 2005 ) 17 , before the new technology starts to make significant contribution to the energy mix .
For example , if the current energy system delivers liquid fuel to feed billions of internal combustion engines , a new energy system that delivers electricity for electric vehicles will only be able to replace the old system as quickly as existing liquid - fuel vehicles can be replaced or retro-fitted – a necessarily slow and costly process ( financially and energetically ) .
The energy costs of the infrastructural changes could be included as part of an EROEI analysis but the EROEI analysis would not be able to quantify the long lead - in times needed to adapt or replace energy infrastructure .
Energy density – the ability to store energy where space and weight constraints apply .
Most energy for transport , particularly air transport needs an on - board energy store .
The new energy system needs to produce energy in a form that can be stored with existing technology .
The storage technology will probably require conversion of the energy , with consequent losses .
This criterion could be incorporated into an EROEI analysis , if the storage process is included within the system boundary .
Location of resource ( in relation to demand ) – if the energy source is far from where it is needed , it may be impractical .
This criterion could be incorporated in an EROEI analysis , if the transport process is included within the system boundary .
Scalability & rate of extraction – the rate at which the resource ( whether renewable or finite ) can be harvested will determine the maximum flow rate of energy that the energy system can deliver .
Similarly , the size of the resource , together with the maximum flow rate , together will determine how big a contribution the energy system can make and , if the source is non-renewable , for how long .
Environmental impact – the extent to which an energy system impacts on the global and local environment has to be taken into account ; this is seen most clearly in our use of fossil fuels and the effect it is having on the global climate .
An EROEI analysis would not normally incorporate this factor , unless the energy costs of correcting the environmental impact was incorporated under energy invested but this would not be a very useful analytical approach .
Complexity and resilience – as discussed above , there is a direct link between the EROEI of society ’s energy systems and the complexity of the society that can be sustained by it .
Homer - Dixon ( 2006 ) 18 refers to Tainter ’s work and links it with the work of Crawford S. Holling on ecological systems .
All systems , including those that make up a human society , go through “ adaptive cycles ” of growth , collapse and regeneration ( Homer - Dixon , 2006 , p.226 ) .
As a system grows , it not only becomes more complex , it also develops greater connectedness , as each part becomes dependent on the part before it .
As the human actors in the system seek the ever greater EROEI needed to support their by now very complex society , they use their ingenuity to improve the efficiency of each part of the system .
Doing so makes the relationship between the parts more tightly coupled .
That efficiency gain is at the expense of system resilience .
As the system loses resilience , it develops “ brittleness ” and it becomes less able to cope with interruptions in inputs to the system .
One example of this is our modern global economic system , with the development of justin- time logistics , facilitated by IT and the internet .
In making choices about what energy systems to build , if a complex and brittle one is chosen over a less complex and more resilient one , if and when they fail , they will be less likely to cause a much more widespread failure in the other systems that society relies on .
Also , a more complex and brittle energy system requires that high levels of complexity in the wider society are maintained .
This could be seen as a risk in an era when the extraction rates of society ’s main sources of energy , fossil fuels , are finite and are expected to go into decline during the next two or three decades and where the timing of some of the declines , particularly coal ( Energy Watch Group , 2007 , p4 ) 19 , is not known with great certainty .
Managing supply & demand ( storage issues ) – energy provision could be compared with performing a theatre play : one that never ends !
The show has to go on : day after day , night after night , following demand .
This issue needs to be examined carefully when appraising options for electricity generation systems from renewable sources , such as wind , tides or solar .
Conclusions and limitations of this essay
First , if the EROEI of an energy system is 1:1 or lower , it is no longer an energy source .
As the EROEI drops below 1:1 , it becomes an energy sink .
This is important now , because society currently benefits from such high EROEI from fossil fuels that the low EROEI of alternatives may not be as obvious as it would otherwise be .
The growth in use of corn - based ethanol as a substitute for fossil fuel in the US vehicle fleet is an example where it is uncertain that the biofuel - based energy system delivers any net energy ( Cleveland et al , 2006 ) 20 .
Second , the energy choices made now , if they are not made with a grasp of the wider implications of a reduction in our energy systems ’ overall EROEI , will cause a profound , painful and largely unexpected and apparently inexplicable reduction in the complexity of society : in other words , an unmanaged and protracted collapse .
EROEI is , or should be , the most important physical criterion used to assess the practicability of a proposed energy system for two reasons :
Despite the centrality of EROEI , the other physical criteria referred to above must also be taken into account in an appraisal of energy system options ; although energy density , location of resource and ( to a certain extent ) infrastructural requirements could all be incorporated into an EROEI analysis .
In examining EROEI , this essay has assumed that the analyses would be of different energy supply alternatives .
An EROEI analysis could equally usefully be applied to different conservation and demand reduction alternatives .
In this case , the other physical criteria may be different .
Appraising the effect of psychological factors and behaviour change may require a different analytical approach .
This essay has not discussed the non-physical factors that also influence an energy system option appraisal : financing constraints , psychological and behavioural factors , political and security issues , macro economic implications .
These remain important but , if an appraisal is to be meaningful , the physical criteria , particularly EROEI , must be fulfilled , or the extent to which they act as constraints must be understood , before the non-physical factors are considered .
Most important to avoid is to see non-physical factors as key whilst ignoring or seeing as peripheral the physical criteria .
Richard Heinberg21 has said we must make our energy choices “ carefully , intelligently and co-operatively ” .
In providing an overview of the physical criteria which determine how useful an energy system can be , this essay has illustrated why EROEI is the most important but not the sole criterion in deciding how to meet society ’s energy needs .
References
1 Cleveland , C.J. ( 2001 ) , “ Net energy from the extraction of oil and gas in the United States ” , Energy 30 , Elsevier , .pdf available
2 From www.eroei.com/articles/the-chain/what-is-eroei/
3 Cleveland , C.J. , Costanza , R. , Hall , C.A.S. , & Kaufmann , R. , ( 1984 ) , “ Energy and the US economy : A biophysical perspective ” , Science 225
4 Odum , H.T. , ( 1996 ) , “ Environmental Accounting , Emergy and Decision Making ” , John Wiley .
5 From www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf75.html
6 In a radio interview with Jason Bradford on KZYX on 5 June 2006 – audio archive Global Public Media - 8 mins35secs into file .
7 Presentation by Peter Davies , BP Special Economic Advisor to the All Party Parliamentary Group on Peak Oil and Gas , Wednesday , 16 January 2008 Meeting information ( .pdf available )
8 Secretary of State for Trade & Industry , ( May 2007 ) , “ Meeting the Energy Challenge ” , Government White Paper on Energy , Department for Business Enterprise and Regulatory Reform ( BERR ) , formerly the Department for Trade and Industry ( DTI ) , The Stationery Office / HMSO , CM7124/ID5539714 , .pdf available
9 Stern , D. I. ( 2003 ) , “ Energy & Economic Growth ” , Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute , Troy N.Y. , USA , .pdf available
10 Vail , J. , “ EROEI Short # 2 : Lenin & Lohan ” , 28 August 2007 , The Oil Drum , www.theoildrum.com/node/2893
11 Heinberg , R. speaking at the Annual Conference of the Soil Association in Cardiff , 26 January 2007 Soil Association
12 Tainter , J. A. , ( 1988 ) , “ The Collapse of Complex Societies ” , paperback edition 1990 , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press
13 Diamond , J. , ( 2005 ) , “ Collapse , How Societies Choose to Fail or Survive ” , London : Penguin
14 Illich , I. , ( 1974 ) , “ Energy and Equity ” , Calder and Boyars , London
15 International Energy Agency ( 2006 ) , World Energy Outlook 2006 , OECD / IEA , Paris , p.492 ( p.493 of the PDF file .pdf available )
16 Cleveland J. Cutler , 2005 , Net Energy from the Extraction of oil and gas in the United States , Energy 30 ( 2005 ) 769-782 , www.sciencedirect.com / www.elsevier.com/locate/energy
17 Hirsch , R. L. et al , ( February 2005 ) , “ Peaking of World Oil Production : impacts , mitigation , & risk management ” , US Department of Energy , .pdf available
18 Homer - Dixon , T. F. , ( 2006 ) , “ The Upside of Down , Catastrophe , Creativity , and the Renewal of Civilisation ” , Washington , Island Press , www.theupsideofdown.com
19 Zittel , Werner & Schindler , Jörg , ( March 2007 , updated version dated 10 July 2007 ) , “ Coal : Resources and Future Production ” , Energy Watch Group , EWG - Paper No. 1/07 .pdf available
20 Cleveland , C. J. et al , “ Energy returns on ethanol production ” , Science 23 June 2006 : pp1746-1748 , www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/312/5781/1746
21 Heinberg , R , “ Peak Oil : Local Solutions to a Global Challenge ” , talk delivered 22 November 2006 , Totnes Civic Hall Transition Town Totnes
Posted October 21 , 2008
Recently , Google updated their iGoogle Homepage .
As happens with most UI changes , people were not terribly pleased with it .
One of the main complains , and my biggest problem with it , was that it added a tab sidebar that ate up screen real estate .
It is useful if you have many tabs for your homepage , but since I only use one tab , I find it obnoxious .
Worse , there is no setting to hide it automatically .
Fortunately , Lifehacker quickly came through with a Greasemonkey script .
It works , but because it uses javascript , there 's always a second between page load and script execution where the page still looks off .
So I decided to fix it myself using Firefox 's user styles .
First , I installed Stylish to make editing user styles easier .
Then I added the following style :
@-moz - document url( http://www.google.com/), url - prefix ( http://www.google.com/ig), url - prefix ( http://www.google.com/webhp) { # doc3 td#col1 , # footerwrap { display : none ; } }
# doc3 td#col1 is the table column ( Gasp !
Table layout ?!
Really Google ? ) that holds the list of tabs .
Hiding it is all you need to get rid of it .
There will be a little weirdness at the bottom left over from the curve at the bottom of the column .
Hiding # footerwrap will get rid of that , as well as remove the footer , making the page shorter .
Now your iGoogle can take up the whole width of the page .
GALVESTON , Texas , Sept. 24 , 2008  --
For the first time since Hurricane Ike blew away much of the city , residents of Galveston began streaming home today .
But the city is in such bad shape , those hurrying back home were given an ominous warning : Bring tetanus shots , rat poisoning and do n't bring children .
If that 's not enough , planes are spraying the city with insecticide to prevent a boom in the mosquito population , the water is n't drinkable and people are urged to wear face masks to guard against inhaling toxic mold that is proliferating in the sweltering city .
Nevertheless , highways into Galveston were jammed with cars today , lines as long as 14 miles long , as many of the city 's 57,000 citizens hurried back to see what , if anything , was left of their homes .
What they are finding is heartbreaking .
" People who are off the island do n't understand what they 're coming home to .
They don't , " Teresa Castillo , who rode out the storm along with Mary Gonzalez , told " Good Morning America . "
Many are coming home to nothing ;
Walt Burger 's house was washed out to sea .
While his insurance will cover the house , his land has been swallowed up .
" We were driving the other day and I said I can't look at it .
It makes me want to throw up .
It 's so disturbing , " Castillo said .
" Their homes have been flooded .
And they have no power , no gas .
And it 's going to be a long time before they will , " City Manager Steve LeBlanc told " GMA . "
Most families returned to find small pieces of what their lives had been ; thousands found their homes infested with mold and mildew , and their belongings ruined .
Others only found pieces of roofs and bathroom tiles .
Roughly 75 percent of Galveston 's homes are uninhabitable .
There is limited sewage facilities and few medical services .
Rats and snakes have infested the city 's ruins .
And the city is under a 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. curfew .
LeBlanc said some hotels in Galveston are reopening and will be available for residents who return and find that their homes are uninhabitable , but he expects those rooms will be quickly snapped up .
City officials are working on a plan to provide temporary shelters on the mainland for people whose homes are not habitable and set up a shuttle service so they can make repairs during the day .
Remarkably , Galveston is already showing signs of coming back to life .
Some stores and restaurants are reopening and power is back on for some homes .
While surveying the damage , residents were steadfastly committed to rebuilding .
" I was 5 years old when my mother and father brought us here , and I am 58 years old now and this was my home , " Galveston resident Jim Moreno told ABC News .
" This island is where I am from , and I have a lot of memories here , a lot of memories here . "
Galveston 's mayor and other city officials flew to Washington this week asking for $ 2.5 billion to help the rebuilding .
" This is our island .
We are going to rebuild it and we are going to rebuild it bigger and better than it was , " Mayor Pro Tem Danny Weber said .
Despite all they 'd lost , most were optimistic for the future .
" All of my pictures of my grandchildren are gone , vacation pictures are gone , everything is gone , " Mary Helen Moreno said .
" There are no memories left , except new ones we are going to have to start . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Lots of shoulda news to report .
The 2.0.x gem has been released , which includes bug fixes , new features , and deprecations .
The gem is being hosted at github.com / thoughtbot / shoulda .
Specify the gem dependency in your config / environment.rb file :
Rails :: Initializer .
run do | config | config .
gem ' thoughtbot - shoulda ' , :lib => ' shoulda/rails ' , : source => " http://gems.github.com "
end
Then :
rake gems : install rake gems : unpack
Why gems ?
Ruby comes with a packaging system .
No need for another , especially with the gem support in Rails 2.1 .
It ’s nice to scan the vendor / gems listing and see version numbers .
github has excellent gem support .
In shoulda ’s case , it ’s a project that can be used in and out of Rails .
It ’s a pain to have both a plugin and a gem .
Ryan McGeary and Josh Nichols did the bulk of this conversion and related refactoring .
They deserve extra acclaim because they ’ve made it easier for everyone to contribute to shoulda .
should_assign_to now takes an : equals option .
This is now the preferred way to use should_assign_to for edit , show , update , and destroy actions because it is a better test when you explicitly compare assigns ( : user ) to an expected object .
should_assign_to :user , :equals => " @user "
should_assign_to also now takes a : class option .
This is especially good for new actions .
should_assign_to :user , : class =>
User
should _have_one now supports the : dependent option .
should_have_one :address , : dependent => : destroy
ActiveRecord :: Errors.default_error_messages is used instead of home - brewed regexes for all Active Record macros .
should_change creates a test asserting a change between the return value of an expression that is run before and after the current setup block is run .
This is similar to Active Support ’s assert_difference assertion , but supports more than just numeric values .
context " Creating a post " setup {
Post .
create } should_change " Post.count " , : by => 1 end # : from and : to examples should_change " Post.count " , : from => 0 , : to => 1 should_change " @post.title " , : from => " old " , : to => " new "
should_not_change creates a test asserting no change between the return value of an expression that is run before and after the current setup block is run .
context " Updating a post " setup { @post .
update_attributes ( : title => " new " ) } should_not_change " Post.count "
end
should_filter_params creates a test asserting that filter_parameter_logging is set for the specified keys should_filter_params : password , :ssn
should_render_with_layout creates a test asserting that the controller rendered with the given layout .
should_render_with_layout # defaults to application should_render_with_layout ' special ' should_render_without_layout
should_route creates a routing test .
It tries to use the given HTTP method on the given path , and asserts that it routes to the given options .
should_route : get , " / posts " , : controller => : posts , :action => : index should_route : delete , " / posts /1 " , :action => : destroy , :id => 1 should_route : get , " /users/1/posts/1 " , : action => : show , :id => 1 , :user_id => 1
should_respond_with_content_type creates a test asserting that the response content type was content_type .
should_respond_with_content_type ' application/rss+xml ' should_respond_with_content_type :rss should_respond_with_content_type /rss /
should_return_from_session creates a test asserting that a value returned from the session is correct .
The given string is evaled to produce the resulting redirect path .
All of the instance variables set by the controller are available to the evaled string .
should_return_from_session :user_id , " @user.id "
Before statements are should statements that run before the current context ’s setup .
These are especially useful when setting expectations .
class UserControllerTest < Test :: Unit :: TestCase context " the index action " do setup do @users = [ Factory ( : user ) ]
User .
stubs ( : find ) . returns ( @users ) end context " on GET " do setup { get : index } should_respond_with : success # runs before " get :index " before_should " find all users " do User .
expects ( : find ) . with ( : all ) . returns ( @users ) end end end end
Writing custom macros is a common practice for The Modern Shoulda Developer .
For example , should _have_attached_file used to be a handy custom macro to have around when you ’re using Paperclip .
There were a few problems with that , however .
Where should that macro go ?
RAILS_ROOT /test/test_helper.rb ?
Why do we have the same macro in multiple apps for the same plugin ?
Enter the new shoulda_macros directory .
Shoulda will automatically load custom macros she finds in :
RAILS_ROOT/test/shoulda_macros RAILS_ROOT/vendor/gems/#{gem_name}/shoulda_macros
RAILS_ROOT/vendor/plugins/#{plugin_name}/shoulda_macros
Now , every Paperclip user can use the latest should _have_attached_file because it is where it belongs .
should_be_restful will be removed in a future release .
It is currently in a grace period where you ’ll see a warning during your test runs .
It will be added to the new woulda gem if you care to keep using it .
Its problems :
It dissuades the programmer from good TDD practice .
It ’s working at too high level of abstraction and encourages the programmer to take too many big steps .
practice .
It ’s working at too high level of abstraction and encourages the programmer to take too many big steps .
It is an attempt to be like Rails scaffolding , which is a good way to learn REST , but the syntax is so cryptic it does n’t accomplish that goal .
It ’s near impossible to find the line in your test file that is actually failing or erroring .
You have no idea how many tests it generates or how they ’re implemented , which lulls the programmer into a false sense of security .
The load_all_fixtures ( use fixtures : all instead )
( use instead )
The shoulda.conf and color support ( use the redgreen gem instead )
Ryan McGeary , Matt Jankowski , Mike Boone , Tammer Saleh , Josh Nichols , Joe Ferris , Keith Morrison , Dan Croak .
Give the NYPD some credit .
Stung by a YouTube video of one of New York 's Finest body - checking a bicyclist in Times Square , NYPD chief Ray Kelly is n't hiding from Web video .
He 's embracing it .
Or at least he says he is .
Kelly says his department is building the capability on its own Web site for video uploads of evidence of crimes -- including those committed by cops .
" It 's a fact of life , " Kelly told Reuters .
" Everybody has a camera in their telephones .
When people can record an event taking place that helps us during an investigation , it 's helpful . "
Kelly says the function will be added to the NYPD 's Web site " soon . "
NYPD has used cell phone snapshots as evidence , such as in the case of a subway flasher last year , but now more phones are able to shoot video .
But the big question here is what happens to the video after it gets uploaded .
Will others , perhaps other witnesses , be able to watch the video , and come forward with more information ?
But we 're pretty sure , but have n't confirmed , that the NYPD does n't intend to make this a voyeur site open to the general public .
Which means that for the rest of us , YouTube will remain the best place to watch video of people committing crimes .
Like this clip of the cop taking out a cyclist riding with the pro-bike group Critical Mass , which has generated 1.2 milion views since Sunday .
( And here 's the cop 's account , thanks to the Smoking Gun . )
Example - driven ZODB
How to use an object database with a Python , a dynamic object - oriented language
Just like their friends who program in statically typed languages , programmers of Python and in other dynamic languages often use relational databases as a back - end data store .
Whether they directly define database tables using SQL or instead use a schema language that their framework or ORM provides as an alternative , all such solutions offer a similar workflow : the application designer must specify the name , type , and constraint of each attribute than an instance of each class will support , and in return , database relations are instantiated that can persist instances of those objects .
Over a decade ago , the Zope Corporation first offered an alternative , which they designed to better fit the data model of a dynamic language : the Zope Object Database ( ZODB ) , which specializes in the storage of extensible objects rather than classical relations .
Today it is the database engine that most often underlies Zope- powered Web applications .
The decision of whether to use the ZODB or an ORM atop a relational database involves important trade - offs , which we will explore in this article , along with a basic guide to the maintenance of a production ZODB instance .
ZODB tips from Jim Fulton
ZODB includes a BTree implementation that allows relation - like structures to be defined and used .
Zope " catalogs " can be used much like relational tables .
The object used for the root object is n't very scalable .
Large collections should use BTrees placed in the root object ( or below , of course ) .
Also , the keys of the root object are n't limited to strings .
Who is Jim Fulton ?
Jim Fulton is the creator and one of the maintainers of the Zope Object Database .
Jim is also one of the creators of the Zope Object Publishing Environment and the CTO at Zope Corporation .
What Jim Fulton has to say about ZODB
ZODB is to relational databases as Python is to statically - type languages such as Java™ .
For many applications , especially applications involving complex objects , a database like the ZODB is a lot easier to deal with .
This is a key reason why ZODB is the most popular back end for Zope applications .
Another important difference between object databases and relational databases is that object databases store already assembled objects .
In a relational databases , objects that can't be represented as records of basic data values must be assembled through database joins .
This can be very expensive and cumbersome , both conceptually and computationally .
The ZODB takes a minimalist approach to the services it provides .
It provides basic persistence and little else .
Other services , like security and indexing , must be provided at the application level .
This approach has advantages as disadvantages .
It allows ZODB developers to focus on core services and makes it easier to innovate , but it leaves some people wanting more .
The lack of a database - level security model makes it difficult to fully leverage ZEO storage servers as clients have more or less unfettered access to the database and must therefore be trusted .
It is fairly straightforward to build indexing facilities for ZODB , but there is no query language other than Python .
For example , to select people named Smith from a collection of people , we can use a Python list comprehension :
[ p for p in people if p.last_name == ' Smith ' ]
But this is a linear search .
It would be nice to have a query language that could introspect and indexing structures .
On the other hand , if queries are ad - hoc , it is unlikely that indexes will be available .
In an OODB , most non-ad - hoc queries are unnecessary .
Features of ZODB
There are probably two features of the ZODB that are most striking to someone approaching it after experience with relational databases : first , that in the ZODB you store objects in a hierarchy ; and , second , that ZODB objects have absolutely no schema and can gain or lose instance attributes on the fly .
Let 's look at each of these features in turn .
All objects in a ZODB database are part of a hierarchy that begins with the " root object " - a fairly generic container object created automatically by the database engine to contain all further objects in the database .
It acts like a Python dictionary that allows objects to be placed at ( and later deleted from ) names identified by string - typed keys .
So the root object can be used directly if the programmer has no greater ambition than to store some objects that are indexed by a simple or delimited text string , similar to the way that old - fashioned Berkeley databases can be used to create inexpensive and persistent associative arrays .
But the ZODB really comes into its own when container objects are placed into the root object which can then , in turn , hold other objects .
Like the root object , a container object is designed to maintain a list of keys and associate an object with each one .
A container can either support strings as its keys , like the root object itself , or can use integers as an alternate key system instead .
By placing containers inside of containers , a hierarchy of objects can be formed .
This ability makes the ZODB very popular for programmers implementing content management systems !
Just call your ZODB object containers " Folders " when displaying them for public consumption , and users will happily navigate your object hierarchy as though it were a familiar filesystem .
The Plone content - management system makes particularly heavy use of this concept .
Now for the other big difference between the ZODB and a relational database : ZODB objects completely lack any schema specification .
An object in a ZODB database is allowed to have any collection of instance attributes .
They can be placed upon the object , and later deleted , at will .
Furthermore , no type restrictions are imposed , beyond the basic restriction that the ZODB only supports attribute values that are composed of combinations of basic pickle - able Python types like numbers , strings , tuples , lists , and dictionaries .
This behavior fits very well with Python itself , though it contrasts very strongly with the practice in statically - typed languages of specifying the list of attributes that objects of that class can possess when one first designs an object and writes its definition .
The attributes of a Python object behave like an associative array to which new keys can be added , and old ones deleted , during runtime .
When a programmer writes something like : myhost.hostname = ' aix.example.com ' , the programmer is not storing the string in some kind of pre-defined and constrained slot named " hostname " that is an inherent attribute of the " myhost " object .
Instead , they are either creating or overwriting the value associated with a " hostname " attribute that only came into existence when it was first assigned to , and which will disappear off of the object if you perform a simple : del myhost .
hostname .
Of course , seasoned Python programmers are wise and systematic , and generally do not use this freedom to create and delete attributes arbitrarily .
Typically , they will use the __init__ ( ) initialization method of a class to assign an initial or default value to every instance attribute they ever plan on using .
This means that subsequent code in the object 's methods can assume the presence of each attribute , and therefore simply use , for example , " self.hostname " without having to worry about whether it has been set yet .
When Python programmers do not go ahead and create a particular object attributes at instantiation , they have to either check for the presence of the attributes with a function like hasattr ( ) before attempting to access it , or use a try ... except clause to catch the AttributeError exception that is thrown if they try to access it when it 's not there .
But despite all of that , there is significant difference between the casual Python discipline of creating all instance attributes at instantiation , and the practice of creating the sort of type signature available in a statically - typed language .
Therefore , Python programmers who want to use a relational database generally find they have imposed upon themselves the extra and unnecessary discipline of providing a schema for each of their types .
Python programmers are not always averse to schemas , which are often crafted in order to drive form generation and constraint checking in a Web framework , or to define interfaces in a dynamic component framework .
But these are very specific situations , where a class faces outwards towards other components , or towards users .
When using classes that are only visible internally , it can appear quite onerous to many Python programmers to have to provide data definitions simply in order to get persistence working in a relational database .
And , of course , once they have done so , they then find that adding a new attribute to their class -- normally a very inexpensive operation -- becomes an exercise in the occasionally arcane world of relational database schema modification .
For all of these reasons , relational databases offer what we might call a noticeable impedance mismatch when we try to use them to persist objects in a dynamic language like Python .
How to use ZODB
To show how to use the ZODB , and to illustrate its properties , we will demonstrate three basic operations :
First , we will show how to set up and tear down a connection to the ZODB .
Second , we will store and then delete some simple values and data structures directly under keys at the database root .
And third , we will persist some actual Python objects and show that their attributes get automatically stored .
We will have to leave for another time the details of how to create container objects with which full hierarchies of objects can be persisted .
Connecting and disconnecting from the ZODB
The standard way of connecting to the ZODB involves creating a series of four objects : a method of storing database data , a " db " wrapper around the storage that gives it actual database behaviors , a " connection " object that starts a particular conversation with that database , and finally a " dbroot " object that gives us access to the base of the object hierarchy contained in the database .
All of the following examples will need this same code fragment placed above them in a Python file in order to correctly open and close a ZODB instance :
Using ZODB
Â Â Â # myzodb.py from ZODB import FileStorage , DB import transaction class MyZODB ( object ) : def __init__( self , path ) : self.storage = FileStorage.FileStorage ( path ) self.db = DB( self.storage ) self.connection = self.db.open( ) self.dbroot = self.connection.root ( ) def close ( self ) : self.connection.close( ) self.db.close( ) self.storage.close ( )
Note that the " transaction " module was not used in the code fragment above ; we imported it because the examples below will be using it .
Storing simple Python data
A Zope database can store all sorts of Python objects .
The following script stores several values :
Storing simple Python data
# store_simple .py - place some simple data in a ZODB from myzodb import MyZODB , transaction db = MyZODB ( './ Data.fs ') dbroot = db.dbroot dbroot [ ' a_number ' ] = 3 dbroot [ ' a_string ' ] = ' Gift ' dbroot [ ' a_list ' ] = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 12 ] dbroot [ ' a_dictionary ' ] = { 1918 : ' Red Sox ' , 1919 : ' Reds ' } dbroot [ ' deeply_nested ' ] = { 1918 : [ ( ' Red Sox ' , 4 ) , ( ' Cubs ' , 2 ) ] , 1919 : [ ( ' Reds ' , 5 ) , (' White Sox ' , 3 ) ] , } transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
And then this script will re-open the database and demonstrate that all of the values were stored intact :
Fetching simple data
# fetch_simple .py - show what 's in the database from myzodb import MyZODB db = MyZODB ( './ Data.fs ') dbroot = db.dbroot for key in dbroot. keys ( ) : print key + ':' , dbroot [ key ] db.close ( )
Note .
Our use of the filename " Data.fs " is purely conventional , because many ZODB installations have in fact standardized on the use of that particular file name ; but you can use any name you want .
When we refer in the rest of this article to your " Data.fs " file , we really mean " whatever file in which you have placed your Zope database . "
The ZODB will always be able to see when you set a key to a new value .
So a change to the above database like the following will get automatically detected and persisted :
dbroot [ ' a_string ' ] = ' Something Else ' transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
You need to explicitly tell ZODB about changes to lists or dictionaries because the ZODB cannot see the change being made .
This is a define feature of mutability and participation in the persistence framework .
The following code will not cause a change that a subsequent run of " fetch_simple.py " will see :
# broken code !
a_dictionary = dbroot [ ' a_dictionary ' ] a_dictionary [ 1920 ] = ' Indians ' transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
If you are going to be modifying -- rather than completely replacing -- a complex object like this , you need to set the attribute _p_changed on the database root to alert it that it needs to re-store the attributes beneath it :
a_dictionary = dbroot [ ' a_dictionary ' ] a_dictionary [ 1920 ] = ' Indians ' dbroot .
_p_changed = 1 transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
If you then re-run " fetch_simple.py " , you will see that the change was persisted correctly .
Removing an object is as simple as :
del dbroot [ ' a_number ' ] transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
Note that nothing will happen to the database in any of the above examples if you neglect to call transaction.
commit ( ) !
Just as in a relational database , only by committing the operations you have been performing do you make them atomically appear in the database .
Persisting objects
Of course , few Python programmers want to work with increasingly complex forests of data structures like the lists , tuples , and dictionaries above .
Instead , they want to create full - fledged Python objects whose attributes are then persisted for them .
Let us create a small Python file that defines a type we can persist to the database .
To do this , the class will have to inherit from " Persistent . "
( Note that because Python allows multi-inheritance , the requirement that the class inherits from " Persistent " in no way prevents your own database - ready classes from inheriting from other base classes , as well . )
A model
# mymodel.py - a tiny object model from persistent import Persistent class Host ( Persistent ) : def __init__ ( self , hostname , ip , interfaces ) : self .
hostname = hostname self .ip = ip self .
interfaces = interfaces
We can now create several instances of this class and persist them in the ZODB , just like we persisted the simple data structures above :
Storing objects
# store_hosts.py from myzodb import MyZODB , transaction db = MyZODB ( './Data.fs ' ) dbroot = db.dbroot from mymodel import Host host1 = Host ( 'www.example.com', ' 192.168.7.2 ' , [ 'eth0 ' , 'eth1 ' ] ) dbroot [ 'www.example.com'] = host1 host2 = Host ( 'dns.example.com ' , ' 192.168.7.4 ' , [ 'eth0 ' , ' gige0 ' ] ) dbroot [ ' dns.example.com '] = host2 transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
The following script will re-open the database and demonstrate that all of the host objects were successfully persisted ( by checking the type of each item fetched , it will ignore all of the objects that might still be left in the ZODB from when we ran our first example ) :
Fetching objects
# fetch_hosts.py - show hosts in the database from myzodb import MyZODB db = MyZODB ( './ Data.fs ') dbroot = db.dbroot from mymodel import Host for key in dbroot. keys ( ) : obj = dbroot [ key ] if isinstance ( obj , Host ) : print " Host : " , obj.name print " IP address : " , obj.ip , " Interfaces : " , obj.interfaces db.close ( )
Just as the " dbroot " object can detect when place new values at its key indexes , a Persistent object will automatically detect when you set its attributes and save them to the database .
So the following code changes the IP address of our first host :
host = dbroot [ 'www.example.com'] host.ip = ' 192.168.7.141 ' transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
But if you store complex data types beneath an object , then the exact same problem comes into play as occurred with complex data types attached to the database root .
The following code does not persist its change to the database because the ZODB cannot see that it has occurred :
# broken code !
host = dbroot [ 'www.example.com'] host.interfaces.append('eth2 ' ) transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
Instead , you have to set the _p_changed attribute like before ; but this time , you have to do it on the object itself , not on the database root , because objects act as their own root of the attributes under them :
host = dbroot [ 'www.example.com'] host.interfaces.append('eth2 ' ) host ._p_changed = 1 transaction.commit( ) db.close ( )
After running this improved code , you should be able to re-run the " fetch_hosts.py " script above and see that the host has indeed gained an interface .
Routine maintenance
A ZODB database instance is easy to maintain .
Since it contains no schema that would require design or modification , the only regular maintenance to perform is a periodic packing to prevent it from consuming your entire disk .
Database administrators are already accustomed to the behavior of modern relational databases , whose table files will typically grow on disk without bound unless a SQL " VACUUM " command is performed periodically .
For much the same reason -- that is , in order to support the rollback of transactions -- each new change written to a ZODB database is actually appended to the " Data.fs " file , rather than updating information already inside of it .
To remove the old information that accumulates as transactions commit , a ZODB administrator must occasionally " pack " its database .
While many relational databases these days offer an auto - vacuuming facility that periodically runs " VACUUM " on each table -- perhaps at set intervals , or maybe after a certain amount of new data has been written -- the ZODB does not currently offer such a facility .
Instead , a ZODB administrator will typically establish a cron job to perform the operation regularly .
A daily packing is often perfectly appropriate for sites not pushing enormous volumes of new information through their ZODB every hour .
There are two ways of performing a packing .
If you are running simple scripts that open " Data.fs " directly , like those demonstrated above , then you will need to create a small script that opens " Data.fs " and then runs the " pack " command on the resulting database object :
db = DB ( storage ) db.pack ( )
Because no two programs can have a " Data.fs " file open at the same time , you cannot run your packing script while any of your other scripts are running .
If , instead of having a script open your " Data.fs " directly , you are using a ZEO server ( described in the next section ) , then packing will be simpler -- and will also not require that your clients disconnect !
Simply use the " zeopack " command line tool that comes with the ZODB :
$ zeopack -h localhost -p 8080
This will connect to your ZEO server and issue a special order that will induce the server to pack your database .
It is usually best to perform this when the load on your database is light ; many sites run the command daily , early in the morning before the start of business .
Providing remote access with ZEO
While all of the above example scripts simply opened a local " Data.fs " file directly , most production installations of a ZODB run its database as a server instead .
The ZODB server product is named " Zope Enterprise Objects " ( ZEO ) , and it comes packaged with the ZODB code itself .
Because only one program can safely have a " Data.fs " file opened at a time , a ZEO server is the only way to support connections from several clients .
This is especially critical when a database is supporting several front - end servers that are arranged in a load - balancing configuration .
Even many installations that have only a single database client choose to use a ZEO server anyway , since -- as described in the previous section -- this allows the database to be packed without the client having to disconnect ( or perform the pack itself ) .
While you should read the ZEO documentation , which can be found in the source code for ZODB in doc / ZEO / howto.txt , for more details , one generally creates a configuration file for ZEO that looks something like this :
> zeo ] address zeo.example.com:8090 monitor - address zeo.example.com:8091 </zeo > < filestorage 1 > path / var/tmp/Data.fs </ filestorage > < eventlog > < logfile > path / var/tmp/zeo.log format %( asctime )s %( message ) s </logfile > </eventlog >
Once you have written this configuration file , running a zeo instance is as easy as :
$ zeoctl ... start
Just like a standard UNIX ® " init.d " script , the " zeoctl " command will also accept subcommands like " status " and " stop . "
Different ZEO clients have different ways of specifying which ZEO server you want them to talk to .
Zope instances , for example , have " zope.conf " files with stanzas that look something like this :
< zodb > < filestorage > path / srv/myapp/var/Data.fs </ filestorage > </zodb >
If you need to connect from one of your own programs , then you could replace the " MyZODB " example class given above with something that connects to ZEO instead :
Zeo client
from ZEO.ClientStorage import ClientStorage from ZODB import DB class MyRemoteZODB ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , server , port ) : server_and_port = ( server , port ) self.storage = ClientStorage ( server_and_port ) self.db = DB( self.storage ) self.connection = self.db.open( ) self.dbroot = self.connection.root ( ) def close ( self ) : self.connection.close( ) self.db.close( ) self.storage.close ( ) mydb = MyRemoteZODB ( ' localhost ' , 8080 ) dbroot = mydb.dbroot
The resulting " dbroot " object can be used exactly like the " dbroot " objects illustrated above , and will perform on the remote ZODB instance exactly the same operations that the above scripts were performing on the local " Data.fs " file .
Solutions for replication and redundancy
Whether replication is available for a database often decides whether it can be deployed as a storage infrastructure in the enterprise .
No degree of flexibility or convenience for developers can , for a mission - critical application , outweigh the requirement that a database be able to survive the inevitable failure of hardware and servers without suffering downtime .
The traditional redundant ZODB implementation is the " Zope Replication Services " suite , offered commercially from the Zope corporation .
Their clustering system supports read - write master server , which then forwards changes to any number of read - only secondary servers among which reader load can be distributed by any standard virtual server front end .
When the master fails , the system falls back to read - only mode until one of the secondary servers is promoted to a master .
An open - source solution named " ZEORaid " has recently emerged with which more adventuresome developers might want to experiment .
It uses the same techniques as a RAID file server to allow an entire cluster of ZEO databases to operate redundantly , with all servers participating in both reads and writes .
See http://pypi.python.org/pypi/gocept.zeoraid/ for more information .
Conclusion
Although object databases can seem somewhat exotic , they are a useful tool for users of dynamic , object - oriented languages .
Their flexible stance with respect to object structure is an excellent fit for the corresponding properties of dynamic objects , and their hierarchical structure is a natural complement to the hierarchical nature of content management systems .
With the ZODB , all of these features are delivered in a client / server configuration , and with the addition of one of the available clustering solutions , it can be brought to enterprise - level robustness .
Ultimately though , let 's get to the punch line .
ZODB is cutting - edge stuff , and it is used in several important projects , including Plone , a Python - based , enterprise - quality Content Management System ; and Grok , a next - generation , Python Web Application Framework .
If you really want to get your hands dirty with an Object Database , go to the Resource section and go through the Grok Tutorial .
You will be able to build a Web application that has persistent objects in a trivial amount of time .
This should give you some idea of how much power persistent objects bring to Web application development , and you might ask yourself , why did n't I think of this before ?
Downloadable resources
Related topics
The FTSE 100 fell below 4,000 for the first time in five years
The rate at which banks lend to each other has risen despite aggressive measures from governments worldwide to tackle the credit freeze .
The cost of borrowing in dollars over a three - month period rose to 4.8 % .
A month ago the rate stood at 2.8 %
It indicates that banks are still loath to lend to each other despite interest rate cuts by major central banks and record cash injections by governments .
With banks hoarding cash , there are growing fears for the world economy .
The interbank cost of lending in dollars , sterling and euros has risen sharply since the collapse of Wall Street giant Lehman Brothers destroyed any hope that the end of the financial crisis was in sight .
' Sad picture '
Close attention is paid to the three - month London interbank offered rate , or Libor , because it is used to determine a range of business and consumer loans , including mortgages .
It is set by 16 banks in a daily survey by the British Bankers Association at about noon in London .
Three - month Sterling Libor has risen to 6.285 % , while three - month euro Libor stands at 5.366 % - near 14 - year highs .
Concerns that Libor rates remain stubbornly high despite a range of unprecedented measures taken by policy makers around the world is playing a big part in upsetting stock markets , analysts say .
The focus is now on the meeting of finance ministers from the Group of Seven industrialised countries as traders look for some steer .
" All the rabbits are dead .
It 's a pretty sad picture but they have no choice but to do anything they can , " said one trader in the Netherlands .
... and politics is religion .
With Sarah Palin , America has taken one very large leap toward a completely theocratic politics .
For Palin , as for Rick Warren , there can be no distinction between politics and religion : all politics is subject to religious guidance and that guidance is to obey the literal truth of everything in the Bible :
In the address at the Assembly of God Church here , Ms. Palin ’s ease in talking about the intersection of faith and public life was clear .
Among other things , she encouraged the group of young church leaders to pray that “ God ’s will ” be done in bringing about the construction of a big pipeline in the state , and suggested her work as governor would be hampered “ if the people of Alaska ’s heart is n’t right with God . ”
She also told the group that her eldest child , Track , would soon be deployed by the Army to Iraq , and that they should pray “ that our national leaders are sending them out on a task that is from God , that ’s what we have to make sure we are praying for , that there is a plan , and that plan is God ’s plan . ”
Everything in her worldview must be according to God 's plan , and God 's plan is revealed without any ambiguity whatsoever in the literal words of the Bible , Old and New Testament .
There is no detail too small , no policy too obscure , that is n't vetted through this filter .
This is the fundamentalist psyche in its most extreme form : think Bush but less intellectual .
Think Bush 's evangelical tradition combined with speaking in tongues and a belief in the Rapture .
Yes , this is now conservatism .
If you want to explore how it came to this , I gave it my best shot here .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
and at other book sites and book stores across the world .
Privacy policy
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic .
Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google , together with performance and security metrics , to ensure quality of service , generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse .
By Jimmy Rogers
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
As more and more people identify themselves as geeks , it ’s important to remember that the geek voting block is growing too .
While the economy , the healthcare system , and the wars weigh heavily upon the minds of everyone , technology issues are not completely forgotten .
A new group of Obama supporters , Tech for Obama , has been started to bring just those issues up into the forefront .
While each candidate has fairly elaborate policies about most issues , tech is one of the areas where Obama seems to have the more clearly defined positions .
In this video by Tech For Obama , they talk about how issues like bandwidth penetration and net neutrality will affect all Americans , not just geeks .
Senator Obama has made his relationship with Silicon Valley very clear by visiting directly with Google at their headquarters and laying out elaborate statements on his website .
After perusing the McCain website , the vast majority of his page on technology seems to involve broad statements about open trade and educating people about technology .
He does support increased broadband penetration and intellectual property reform ( both of which are badly needed in the United States ) , but he does specifically oppose net neutrality .
Whichever way you vote this year , remember that as a geek your vote may not only affect the economy , but also the way in which technology is treated here and around the world .
[ via Gizmodo ]
The cities of Iran are in darkness .
For two hours at a time , from the Gulf to the Caspian , the country believed to have the world 's third largest oil reserves does n't have the electricity to power homes , traffic lights , hospitals and the rest of civic life .
There are reports of deaths in hospitals in Tehran 's swankiest neighbourhoods , the traffic in Isfahan , Shiraz and the capital grinds to a halt as traffic signals cease and in smaller towns there are angry demonstrations .
The energy ministry 's decision to publish " blackout timetables " has n't helped things and the official statistics – a 32,000 mW grid can't satisfy 34,000 mW needs – do n't wash .
The lights are out in Bandar Abbas on Iran 's southern coast , in Sistan - Baluchestan towards Afghanistan and Mazandaran towards Turkmenistan .
A deputy energy minister , Professor Mohammad Ahmadian has been replaced but resignations over the issue are less to do with competence than President Ahmadinejad juggling positions in his favour , ahead of next year 's presidential elections .
Perhaps Ahmadian paid the price of raising the spectre of a five - fold increase in electricity prices .
The free marketeers in the government who see a bright future in membership of the World Trade Organisation call for the government subsidy for domestic electricity to be slashed .
The middle classes who quietly bear the irritation of two - hour queues to fill up their cars at petrol stations occasionally rise up .
At much - publicised recitals of Persian music in Tehran , the lights went out just as renowned world music star , Homayoun Shajarian , got on stage .
After thousands of people clapped in the darkness , singing the " old " pre-revolution national anthem ( even women 's voices could be heard and women are not allowed to sing in public ) , the star 's more famous father , Mohammad Reza Shajarian got on stage and denounced the government .
He said the interior ministry was deliberately trying to stop Iranians from listening to the music of their country .
Visibly angry , the audience 's mood was less anticipation of complex , jazz - like permutations of Dastgahs on Dafs , Tars , Tombaks , Setars , Kamanchehs , Neys , Tanburs , Santurs , and Uds and more on political change .
It was the same at the concert of Iranian Kurd Shahram Nazeri , incongruously held at one of the Shah 's old palaces and where the VIPs were police .
The lights did n't go out but there was chaos after the traffic lights of Tehran , sophisticated ones that tell drivers how long they have to wait before they change , all dimmed .
It was bad enough in the cold winter when power cuts plagued 11 provinces and the National Iranian Gas Company warned Iranians to moderate their consumption or face further cuts .
Ironically , the more environmentally - sound sources of energy - hydroelectric plants - are causing some of the worst power cuts .
The reasons for the power cuts are endemic bad planning by a corrupt elite as well as members of that elite siphoning off oil for export .
Those profits end up overseas with the trickle - down in Iran reaching North Tehran BMW - dealerships and bootleggers .
Without electricity , the economy continues to self - destruct .
In the scorching heat , offices cannot operate without air - conditioners and the little manufacturing done in Iran is threatened with even more disasters .
Making deals with China necessitated the opening up of the Iranian market to cheap Chinese goods so at this rate the little of it done at home will be destroyed .
Official inflation is near 30 % and only the continued subsidy for food allows many to live .
Iran may look richer than every other avowedly Muslim country on earth but it is teetering on the brink .
The only chink of light for the millionaire Mullahs is in what President Vladimir Putin said , that South Ossetia so brutally bombed by Georgians backed by Washington and Tel Aviv , 500 miles north of Tehran , is a prelude to a U.S. attack on Iran to rig the U.S. presidential elections .
Nothing will unify Iranians behind their government like a foreign attack , regardless of the hangings and worsening kleptocracy .
In the week after Barack Obama and John McCain explored the connections between their beliefs and political convictions in one of America 's biggest megachurches , a new poll shows that a slight majority of the public now thinks that churches and other houses of worship should keep out of politics .
The Pew Research Center and the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life say that this is the first time since they began asking the question more than 10 years ago that a majority has not been in favor of religious institutions speaking out on political and social issues .
Surprisingly , the biggest change of heart has occurred among conservatives .
Four years ago , only 30 percent thought religion should keep its nose out of politics .
Now , a full half does .
That brings self - identified Republicans more closely in line with Democrats ( 51 percent in 2004 , 52 percent in 2008 ) on the question .
The public in general is also now more uncomfortable with politicians who talk about their religious convictions , with the biggest shift again taking place among Republicans .
Warning : this story contains a paragraph of disgusting text .
How can reading a good book or watching a film be almost as emotional an experience as events in your own life ?
The answer may be that you use the same brain region to make sense of them all .
Previous studies indicated that the same brain regions – the anterior insula and adjacent frontal operculum , known collectively as the IFO – are activated both when we observe someone experiencing an emotion such as disgust , delight or pain , and when we experience it ourselves .
It is thought that this allows us to empathise with others and understand their intentions .
But is the IFO also active when we imagine an emotion , such as when we read about it in a book ?
Advertisement
Yuk yuk yuk
To answer this question , Mbemba Jabbi and colleagues at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands , focused just on disgust – an easy emotion to evoke .
“ You ca n’t just tell someone to get into a scanner and be ‘ happy ’ for 30 seconds , ” says co-researcher Christian Keysers .
“ But it ’s relatively easy to make someone disgusted . ”
They placed quinine – which has a bitter , “ disgusting ” taste – onto the tongues of 12 volunteers while they lay in an MRI scanner .
The volunteers also watched a video of someone acting disgusted and read a story describing a disgusting situation :
You turn around because someone is leaning on your shoulder , suddenly looking into the open mouth of a drunken beggar you see his rotten teeth , surrounded by pustulant sores , while he suddenly releases the reeking content of his stomach all over you You feel your stomach turn over as you suddenly feel the acidic taste of a clump of his vomit on your lips .
The researchers found that the IFO was activated in all three tasks .
They say this similarity between first - hand experience and imagination could help to explain why books can be so vivid and compelling .
Understanding others
“ There is a partial overlap – if you taste something disgusting , see something disgusting or imagine a disgusting scenario there ’s a common pathway , ” says Keysers .
“ This is why books and movies work – because they stimulate the area of the brain which is involved in what it really feels like to be disgusted . ”
The team suspects that reading about delight or pain also activates similar converging networks in the brain .
The next step will be to study IFO activation in autism .
It is generally assumed that autistic people can’t identify the emotions of others , but clinical studies alternatively suggest that perhaps they feel others ’ emotions too well , to the point that they are overwhelmed .
“ These experiments can help tease these options apart , ” says Keyser .
Journal reference : PLoS ONE , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0002939
The Human Brain – With one hundred billion nerve cells , the complexity is mind - boggling .
Learn more in our cutting edge special report .
Amazing column by Frank Rich today .
This is a very tough one to excerpt :
What is widely known is the skin - deep , out - of - date McCain image .
As this fairy tale has it , the hero who survived the Hanoi Hilton has stood up as rebelliously in Washington as he did to his Vietnamese captors .
He strenuously opposed the execution of the Iraq war ; he slammed the president ’s response to Katrina ; he fought the “ agents of intolerance ” of the religious right ; he crusaded against the G.O.P .
House leader Tom DeLay , the criminal lobbyist Jack Abramoff and their coterie of influence - peddlers .
With the exception of McCain ’s imprisonment in Vietnam , every aspect of this profile in courage is inaccurate or defunct .
McCain never called for Donald Rumsfeld to be fired and did n’t start criticizing the war plan until late August 2003 , nearly four months after “ Mission Accomplished . ”
By then the growing insurgency was undeniable .
On the day Hurricane Katrina hit , McCain laughed it up with the oblivious president at a birthday photo - op in Arizona .
McCain did n’t get to New Orleans for another six months and did n’t sharply express public criticism of the Bush response to the calamity until this April , when he traveled to the Gulf Coast in desperate search of election - year pageantry surrounding him with black extras .
McCain long ago embraced the right ’s agents of intolerance , even spending months courting the Rev. John Hagee , whose fringe views about Roman Catholics and the Holocaust were known to anyone who can use the Internet .
( Once the McCain campaign discovered YouTube , it ditched Hagee . )
On Monday McCain is scheduled to appear at an Atlanta fund - raiser being promoted by Ralph Reed , who is not only the former aide de camp to one of the agents of intolerance McCain once vilified ( Pat Robertson ) but is also the former Abramoff acolyte showcased in McCain ’s own Senate investigation of Indian casino lobbying .
Though the McCain campaign announced a new no -lobbyists policy three months after The Washington Post ’s February report that lobbyists were “ essentially running ” the whole operation , the fact remains that McCain ’s top officials and fund - raisers have past financial ties to nearly every domestic and foreign flashpoint , from Fannie Mae to Blackwater to Ahmad Chalabi to the government of Georgia .
No sooner does McCain flip - flop on oil drilling than a bevy of Hess Oil family members and executives , not to mention a lowly Hess office manager and his wife , each give a maximum $ 28,500 to the Republican Party .
While reporters at The Post and The New York Times have been vetting McCain , many others give him a free pass .
Their default cliché is to present him as the Old Faithful everyone already knows .
They routinely salute his “ independence , ” his “ maverick image ” and his “ renegade reputation ” — as the hackneyed script was reiterated by Karl Rove in a Wall Street Journal op - ed column last week .
At Talking Points Memo , the essential blog vigilantly pursuing the McCain revelations often ignored elsewhere , Josh Marshall accurately observes that the Republican candidate is “ graded on a curve . ”
Most Americans still do n’t know , as Marshall writes , that on the campaign trail “ McCain frequently forgets key elements of policies , gets countries ’ names wrong , forgets things he ’s said only hours or days before and is frequently just confused . ”
Most Americans still do n’t know it is precisely for this reason that the McCain campaign has now shut down the press ’s previously unfettered access to the candidate on the Straight Talk Express .
Americans are split on supporting the Bush administration 's rescue plan for Wall Street , according to a new NBC News - Wall Street Journal poll .
The survey shows that just 31 percent approve of the plan that Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , while 33 percent disapprove and another 28 percent have no opinion .
The telephone poll of 1,157 registered voters , conducted Sept. 19 - 22 , carries a margin for error of three percentage points .
The lack of consensus explains two major political developments : President Bush 's decision to address the nation tonight around 9 p.m. , and the decision by presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain to consult on the search for compromise .
Mr. McCain went further , saying he would suspend his campaign and perhaps skip the first scheduled debate on Friday night in favor of working to pass the bailout package .
Related Coverage :
The NBC - WSJ survey shows Mr. Obama leading Mr. McCain narrowly , 48 percent to 46 percent , in the presidential race .
That essentially matches Mr. Obama 's 47 percent to 46 percent edge in a NBC - WSJ survey earlier this month .
But the survey shows other underlying conditions in the race favoring Mr. Obama more strongly .
Obama supporters express far higher levels of enthusiasm than McCain supporters , and Americans want Democrats rather than Republicans to control Congress by 50 percent to 37 percent .
Respondents also identified the economy as the top issue in the race , and prefer Mr. Obama over Mr. McCain in handling it by 46 percent to 34 percent .
On handling the Wall Street financial crisis , Americans back Mr. Obama by a narrower 35 percent to 30 percent margin .
Underscoring the challenging facing the Bush administration and Congressional leaders in pushing through the bailout package , the survey showed Americans with strongly negative views about the financial industry .
Just 10 percent expressed confidence in the industry , while 55 percent expressed little or no confidence .
By similar margins , Americans expressed a lack of confidence in large corporations .
Americans were marginally less negative about the federal government , with 19 percent expressing confidence and 35 percent lacking confidence .
Some 17 percent voiced confidence in the national news media , while 44 percent lacked confidence .
Bill Reinert , a national technology manager at Toyota , says he and many of his colleagues believe the Chevy Volt , along with similar plug - in electric hybrid cars , will all fail .
The Volt is designed to run purely on electricity from onboard batteries for up to 40 miles .
A small internal combustion engine will then drive a generator to resupply the batteries , supposedly extending the vehicle 's range to 360 miles .
These gas / electric vehicles have been heralded by many as the immediate future of driving .
But Reinert is n't optimistic , at least not yet .
The batteries , he says , are just too expensive .
( EV World ) :
[ Reinert ] told me there 's a " death watch " taking place within Toyota on the Telsa Whitestar , Fisker Karma and ... here it comes ...
Chevy Volt .
He -- and apparently his colleagues -- do n't think any of them will be built in any significant numbers .
The batteries are just too costly .
GM is staking its future on the Volt .
If the car fails , GM wo n't need that government bailout it craves .
It will need a shovel .
See Also :
General Motors ( GM ) : We Deserve A Bailout , Too ( GM , F )
General Motors ( GM ) : Chevy Volt Almost Ready For Testing ( GM , TM , NSANY )
General Motors ( GM ) Volt : Late , Overpriced , Money - Losing , and Dreamy ... But Beloved ( GM )
Expulsions and aggressive language raise stakes in long - running diplomatic battle between US and Venezuela
This article is more than 12 years old
This article is more than 12 years old
President Hugo Chávez last night ordered the US ambassador to leave Venezuela within 72 hours and accused Washington of fomenting a coup attempt against his socialist revolution .
Chávez also ordered Venezuela 's ambassador to Washington to return home and threatened to cut oil supplies , plunging relations between the countries to a new low .
" Go to hell a hundred times , fucking Yankees , " he told a televised rally thronged with supporters clad in red .
The move came a day after Venezuela 's ally Bolivia expelled its US ambassador for allegedly backing opposition groups engaged in bloody clashes with police and government supporters ; turmoil which claimed eight lives and split the country in two .
The expulsions and aggressive language dramatically raised the stakes in a long - running diplomatic battle between South America 's most radical leftist governments and the superpower they term the " empire " .
The US retaliated by expelling Bolivia 's envoy to Washington and would probably have done the same to Venezuela 's envoy , Bernardo Alvarez , had Chávez not recalled him to Caracas first .
In a day of intrigue and brinkmanship , Chávez announced that Venezuelan military officers had plotted to assassinate him with US complicity .
" They 're trying to do here what they were doing in Bolivia .
That 's enough shit from you Yankees , " he said .
Ties would be restored when the US had a new government that " respected " Latin America , he added .
Coincidental or not , his accusation fell on the 35th anniversary of the CIA - backed coup which replaced Chile 's leftist president , Salvador Allende , with the dictator Augusto Pinochet .
The US denied Chávez 's claims .
The Venezuelan president did not offer evidence of wrongdoing by the ambassador , Patrick Duddy , or other US officials , but he said several Venezuelan military officers had been detained following an investigation by his intelligence services .
During his televised address he played a recording of purported conversations between the alleged conspirators .
Earlier , the defence minister , General Gustavo Rangel Briceño , and a pro-Chávez TV host , Mario Silva , named several senior officers from the navy , air force and national guard as suspects .
None appeared to have been charged and details of the alleged plot were scant .
Venezuela 's president has made previous claims about other alleged conspiracies , which were never substantiated .
He has also made repeated threats to cut oil shipments to the US , a warning he revived yesterday .
Such a move would disrupt the US economy but devastate Venezuela 's - which may explain why Chávez has never followed through .
The markets tend to shrug off the threat as bluster .
The timing of yesterday 's rhetoric prompted some to suspect political theatre designed to distract voters .
Chavez faces important municipal and regional elections in November with inflation at 30 % , Latin America 's highest , and a spate of damaging headlines about violent crime and crumbling hospitals .
He has also been embarrassed by a trial in Miami linked to a suitcase with $ 800,000 ( £ 450,000 ) discovered in Buenos Aires , allegedly a clandestine payment from Caracas to help Argentina 's president , Cristina Kirchner , win an election last year .
The US also accused Chávez of turning a blind eye to cocaine trafficking in Venezuela .
Those stories were eclipsed this week by two Russian bombers that visited Venezuela at Chávez 's invitation , a foray in advance of the Russian navy squadron which is due to dock in November to underline deepening ties between Caracas and Moscow .
In contrast to the heated but bloodless events in Venezuela the other leading member of Latin America 's " pink tide " of leftist governments , Bolivia , has been reeling from violent riots .
Opposition groups opposed to President Evo Morales , a Chávez ally and the Andean country 's first indigenous leader , attacked government offices , cut gas pipelines and clashed with police and government supporters .
Fighting in the remote northern province of Pando reportedly left eight dead and at least 20 injured .
Morales expelled the US ambassador , Philip Goldberg , after accusing him of supporting the opposition , a claim the envoy denied .
In response , the Bush administration ordered Bolivia 's envoy , Gustavo Guzman , to leave the US .
CLOSE-UP : JOHN MCCAIN CLOSE-UP : JOHN MCCAIN
In - depth : McCain news , photos , video , timeline , more ... John McCain on the campaign issues : Iraq | Immigration | Health care | Education | Abortion | Gay civil rights WASHINGTON  Republican presidential candidate John McCain has condemned the influence of " special interest lobbyists , " yet dozens of lobbyists have political and financial ties to his presidential campaign — particularly from telecommunications companies , an industry he helps oversee in the Senate .
Of the 66 current or former lobbyists working for the Arizona senator or raising money for his presidential campaign , 23 have lobbied for telecommunications companies in the past decade , Senate lobbying disclosures show .
MORE : McCain pushed tax ban backed by telecoms McCain has netted about $ 765,000 in political donations from those telecom lobbyists , their spouses , colleagues at their firms and their telecom clients during the past decade , a USA TODAY analysis of campaign - finance records shows .
It 's unclear how much more money those lobbyists have raised for McCain .
Eighteen of them are listed by the campaign as " bundlers , " which are major fundraisers .
McCain does n't disclose how much each bundler has raised — unlike Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama , who categorize their bundlers by the amount they raise .
For example , Clinton 's " Hillraisers " have brought in more than $ 100,000 each .
McCain is a senior member of the Senate Commerce Committee , which oversees the telecom industry and the Federal Communications Commission .
He has repeatedly pushed industry - backed legislation since 2000 , particularly during a second stint as committee chairman from 2003 through 2005 .
His efforts to eliminate taxes and regulations on telecommunications services won him praise from industry executives .
People who lobbied for telecom companies on those issues include McCain 's campaign manager , his deputy manager , his finance chief , his top unpaid political adviser and his Senate chief of staff .
Telecom companies have paid the lobbying firms that employed those top five McCain advisersmore than $ 4.4 million since 1999 , lobbying records show .
McCain " does not do favors for special interests or lobbyists .
Period , " spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker said in an e-mail .
McCain opposed Internet access taxes , she said , as part of his " consistent record of opposing new taxes . "
ELECTION 2008 : Complete campaign coverage McCain has repeatedly sought restrictions on lobbyists and campaign donations , saying they create the appearance of corruption .
" It is no coincidence that the most influential lobbyists with the greatest access in the nation 's Capitol are also the most prolific political fundraisers , " McCain says on his campaign website .
Democratic National Committee spokesman Damien LaVera said McCain is taking a " ' Do as I say , not as I do ' approach to campaign finance , ethics and lobbying reform . "
McCain 's telecom ties People who work , advise or raise campaign money for Republican presidential candidate John McCain who have lobbied for telecommunications companies since 1999 : Name Connection to McCain Telecom industry ties Rick Davis Presidential campaign manager
As a lobbyist at his former firm , Davis Manafort , Davis represented BellSouth ( 2001 - 02 ) , SBC Communications ( 2001 - 05 ) and Verizon Corporate Services ( 2001-05 ) .
Davis and other Davis Manafort employees and their spouses gave $ 36,150 to McCain 's campaigns in the past 10 years .
BellSouth political action committees , employees and their spouses gave $ 78,050 .
SBC political action committees , employees and spouses gave $ 41,300 .
Verizon political action committees , employees and spouses gave $ 59,650 Christian Ferry Deputy campaign manager Ferry partnered with Davis in representing SBC and Verizon from 2003 to 2005 Charlie Black Unpaid chief adviser Black , chairman of lobbying firm BKSH && Associates , has represented AT&T for the past decade .
Black and other BKSH employees gave $ 9,600 to McCain 's campaigns over the past decade .
Employees , spouses and political action committees of AT&T and its subsidiaries and merger partners gave $ 251,850 Mark Buse Senate chief of staff Buse became a lobbyist for ML Strategies in 2002 after working for McCain on the Senate Commerce Committee staff .
Buse represented AT&T Wireless from 2002 to 2005 .
Buse and his co-workers at ML Strategies gave $ 3,750 to McCain during the past decade .
Employees , spouses and political action committees of AT&T Wireless gave $ 24,500 Former congressman Tom Loeffler of Texas Campaign co-chairman Loeffler , now a senior partner of the Loeffler Group , has represented AT&T since 2001 and Qualcomm since 1999 .
Loeffler , his co-workers and their spouses gave McCain 's campaigns $ 64,908 in the past decade .
Qualcomm employees , spouses and political action committees gave $ 55,600 Susan Nelson Campaign finance director Before joining the campaign last year , Nelson represented AT&T and Qualcomm for the Loeffler Group in 2006 and 2007 .
She also represented Verizon in 2004 while working at Ogilvy Government Relations Wayne Berman Campaign national finance co-chairman Berman , the managing director of Ogilvy Government Relations , has represented AT&T since last year , and Verizon and Verizon Wireless since 2004 .
Co-workers and their spouses at Ogilvy , formerly known as the Federalist Group , gave McCain 's campaigns $ 38,550 in the past decade John Green Plans to take a leave of absence next month from his job at Ogilvy to work for campaign , coordinating efforts with Republicans in Congress Green has represented AT&T since last year and Verizon since 2004 and represented the United States Telecom Association ( 1999 -2002 ) , the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association ( 2001 ) and BellSouth ( 1999 - 2006 ) Tim McKone Campaign fundraiser McCone , a former lobbying partner with Davis , joined SBC Communications as a lobbyist in 1999 and became a vice president of AT&T after it merged with SBC in 2005 .
McCone was last listed as an AT&T lobbyist in 2006 David Crane Fundraiser and former aide to McCain at the Senate Commerce Committee Crane 's clients at the Washington Group included BellSouth ( 2003-05 ) .
Crane left the Washington Group to form his own lobbying firm , Quadripoint Strategies , in 2007 .
Crane and his co-workers and their spouses at the Washington Group and Quadripoint gave McCain 's campaigns $ 9,350 in the past decade Carlos Bonilla Campaign economic adviser Bonilla is a lobbyist with the Washington Group , which represented BellSouth 2003 - 05 .
The Washington Group 's employees and their spouses gave $ 7,050 to McCain 's campaigns in the past decade John Timmons Fundraiser for McCain and former aide in his Senate office Timmons , a lobbyist at Cormac Group , represented AT&T ( 1999 - 2005 ) and Allegiance Telecom ( 2002 -04 ) .
Cormac Group employees and their spouses have given $ 13,600 to McCain 's campaigns in the past decade Judy Black Fundraiser Black is a lobbyist at Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck , which has represented Global Crossing Ltd. since 2004 and represented AT&T from 2003 to 2005 and again in 2007 .
Employees and their spouses have given $ 17,950 to McCain 's campaigns in the past decade Bryan Cunningham Fundraiser Cunningham , a lobbyist at Barbour Griffith && Rogers , has represented AT&T since 2007 , Qwest Communications since 2006 and Verizon since 2006 .
Barbour Griffith employees and their spouses gave $ 24,700 to McCain 's campaigns since 1998 .
Quest employees , spouses and political action committees gave $ 53,350 Juleanna Glover Weiss Fundraiser and former spokeswoman for Vice President Cheney Glover Weiss is a lobbyist at the Ashcroft Group , where she registered to lobby for AT&T in 2006 .
Glover Weiss also represented AT&T from 2004 to 2005 while working at another lobbying firm , Clark && Weinstock .
The Ashcroft Group 's employees and their spouses gave McCain 's 2008 campaign $ 4,600 Peter Madigan Fundraiser Madigan , a lobbyist at Johnson , Madigan , Peck , Boland & Stewart , represented BellSouth ( 2003 -06 ) , SBC Communications ( 2003 and 2004 ) , the United States Telecom Association ( 2001 and 2002 ) and Verizon ( 2001 - 06 ) .
Madigan Peck employees and their spouses gave McCain 's campaigns $ 43,200 in the past decade James Pitts Fundraiser Pitts , a lobbyist at DC Navigators , has represented Qualcomm since 2006 and AT&T since last year and represented BellSouth ( 2004 - 06 ) .
DC Navigators employees and their spouses gave McCain 's campaigns $ 12,100 in the past decade Kirk Blalock Fundraiser Blalock , a lobbyist at Fierce Isakowitz && Blalock , has represented Sprint Nextel since 2003 and represented the former MCI from 2002 to 2005 .
Fierce Isakowitz employees and their spouses have given $ 14,800 to McCain 's campaigns in the past decade .
Sprint employees , spouses and political action committees gave $ 11,750 Kirsten Chadwick Fundraiser Chadwick , a lobbyist at Fierce Isakowitz , represented MCI in 2004 and 2005 and has represented Sprint Nextel since 2004 Aleix Jarvis Fundraiser Jarvis , a lobbyist at Fierce Isakowitz , represented MCI in 2005 and has represented Sprint Nextel since 2005 Alison McSlarrow Fundraiser McSlarrow , who has her own lobbying firm , McSlarrow Consulting , represented Nextel Communications in 2003 and 2004 and Qwest in 1999 and 2000 .
McSlarrow and her husband gave $ 8,000 to McCain 's campaigns in the past decade Michael Meece of the Meece Group Fundraiser Meece has represented Qualcomm since 2006 .
Meece gave $ 2,300 to McCain 's 2008 campaign Eric Burgeson Fundraiser Now a lobbyist with Barbour Griffith , Burgeson registered to lobby for the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association in 2001 with Orion Strategies Sources : U.S. Senate lobbying records , McCain campaign , Center for Responsive Politics , CQ MoneyLine Enlarge AP file photo Sen. John McCain speaks with wife Cindy and campaign manager Rick Davis in January .
As a lobbyist , Davis represented Bellsouth , SBC Communications and Verizon Corporate Services .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Tobacco firms paid huge amounts for endorsements from the stars of Hollywood 's " Golden Age " .
Industry documents released following anti-smoking lawsuits reveal the extent of the relationship between tobacco and movie studios .
One firm paid more than $ 3 m in today 's money in one year to stars .
Researchers writing in the Tobacco Control journal said " classic " films of the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s still helped promote smoking today .
As in the 1930s , nothing today prevents the global tobacco industry from influencing the film industry in any number of ways
University of California researchers Virtually all of the biggest names of the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s were involved in paid cigarette promotion , according to the University of California at San Francisco researchers .
They obtained endorsement contracts signed at the times to help them calculate just how much money was involved .
See how much the stars were paid to promote tobacco According to the research , stars prepared to endorse tobacco included Clark Gable , Cary Grant , Spencer Tracy , Joan Crawford , John Wayne , Bette Davis and Betty Grable .
Big payments
Deals dated from the start of the " talkie " era , with " Jazz Singer " star Al Jolson signing testimonials stating that the " Lucky Strike " brand was " the cigarette of the acting profession " .
" The good old flavor of Luckies is as sweet and soothing as the best ' Mammy ' song ever written , " he wrote .
One of the key documents uncovered by the researchers was a list of payments for a single year in the late 1930s detailing how much stars were paid by American Tobacco , the makers of Lucky Strike .
Leading ladies Carole Lombard , Barbara Stanwyck and Myrna Loy were handed $ 10,000 , equivalent to just under $ 150,000 in today 's money , to endorse the brand , as were Clark Gable , Gary Cooper and Robert Taylor .
Together , the annual price of paying actors was $ 3.2 m in 2008 terms .
Radio adverts
In some cases , tobacco firms would pay movie studios to create radio shows which featured their stars ' endorsements .
American Tobacco paid Warner Brothers the equivalent of $ 13.7 m for 1937 's " Your Hollywood Parade " , and sponsored The Jack Benny Show from the mid-1940s to the mid-1950s .
READ RADIO SCRIPT EXTRACT Lauren Bacall promotes Lucky Strike on The Jack Benny Program - 1947 [ 471.78 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The latter featured stars such as Lauren Bacall giving carefully scripted testimonials .
The researchers , led by Professor Stanton Glantz , said that the effects of the millions poured into Hollywood by " Big Tobacco " could still be felt today , despite a recent self - imposed ban on promotion within films .
They say that smoking imagery in films can influence younger people to start smoking .
They wrote : " As in the 1930s , nothing today prevents the global tobacco industry from influencing the film industry in any number of ways . "
" Classic " films with smoking scenes , such as " Casablanca " and " Now , Voyager " , and glamorous publicity images helped to " perpetuate public tolerance " of on - screen smoking , they said .
UK anti-smoking group ASH said that while smoking imagery could not be " outlawed completely " , there was an argument for clearer warnings before films .
STARS PAID TO PROMOTE LUCKY STRIKE - 1937/8 Actor US $ paid ( 2008 equivalent ) Gary Cooper 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Joan Crawford 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Henry Fonda 3,000 ( 43,975 ) Clark Gable 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Bob Hope 2,500 ( 36,646 ) Gertrude Lawrence 1,750 ( 25,652 ) Carole Lombard 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Myrna Loy 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Fred MacMurray 6,000 ( 87,950 ) Ray Milland 2,000 ( 29,317 ) George Raft 3,000 ( 43,975 ) Edward Robinson 3,000 ( 43,975 ) Barbara Stanwyck 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Gloria Swanson 1,500 ( 21,988 ) Robert Taylor 10,000 ( 146,583 ) Spencer Tracy 10,000 ( 146,583 )
Return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Jihad over Innsmouth
by Edward Morris
A cold , black , liquescent fear laps at the edges of my heart as I approach the first gate in the long Caliph ’s Maze of Airport Security .
Some darker force is trying to sway me unobtrusively away , to make me renege my retainer ’s oath , cut my losses and run headlong to South America with the dwindling remains of my bank account .
Should I die on my quest , a first - class seat in Paradise awaits me .
In my time , I have lived through every hell Shaitan could possibly devise right here on Earth , moving behind newspaper headlines which even Al - Jazeera fears to run .
Enquiring minds want to know , but some truths are better left to the darkness at the center of the universe , to be drowned out by the skirlings of the blind piper and his retinue of idiot flute - players .
Today 's debut of the T - Mobile G1 is the first public appearance of an almost fully - baked consumer " Googlephone " – a phone based on Google 's Android operating system .
There 's just one problem :
There is no Googlephone * .
And that 's something Google must fix , and fast , if it wants its mobile operating system to succeed .
Granted , Google 's Android operating system has a lot going for it .
It 's supported by a developer - friendly company , it 's Java - based and it's open - source .
However , it 's going to need a lot more than that if it 's going to succeed as a smartphone platform .
And by " succeed , " I mean " beat the iPhone . "
The iPhone has seen tremendous success in the market thanks to Apple 's fanatic dedication to good user experience , its willingness ( and ability ) to strong - arm its carrier partners , and Apple 's easy - to - use App Store , which gives developers instant access to millions of iPhone and iPod Touch users worldwide .
Some developers have already used the platform to make serious money , to the tune of $ 250,000 in just a couple of months .
But Apple keeps tight reins on its developers .
It has a slow and seemingly arbitrary process for vetting App Store software , it shackles developers with a restrictive NDA , and it charges $ 99 just to get access to the developer 's kit .
It 's a sure bet that many developers , given the opportunity , would flock to a less restrictive environment .
And with dozens of carriers and many handset manufacturers building Android - based phones , it looks like there might be a large market of Android phone users to sell to .
There 's just one problem :
The carriers .
A big part of the iPhone 's success is due to Apple 's clout , which enabled it , in effect , to tell AT&T to sit down and shut up about this or that feature requirement .
Once other carriers saw the iPhone 's success in the United States , they wanted in on that action , so Apple was able to dictate terms globally , just as it had a year before in the U.S .
That 's a striking difference from the way carriers and phone manufacturers usually relate to each other .
Carriers typically retain fanatic control over every aspect of the customer , from the menus on the phone to the applications that customers are permitted to download .
Carrier feature requirements dictate the laundry - list of useless gewgaws that most phones sport .
( Does anyone ever actually use the " calendar " app on a Nokia or Motorola phone ? )
And it's that dysfunctional relationship that means most phones are so horrible to use :
They 're doomed from the start by companies that care more about their own requirements than those of their customers .
That 's why I predict that Android will soon have as many different flavors as there are carriers .
Some carriers will customize it so that their phones can't install any applications other than the ones they authorize .
Some will modify the operating system to work with one of their custom services or another .
Some will no doubt cripple it , removing features that they consider threatening to their own businesses ( like the ability to run VoIP apps ) .
And that 's their right .
Because Android uses the Apache license , anyone is free to take it and customize it to their heart 's content , even if such customizations are appalling to the open source community .
( There 's also no requirement that customizations be themselves open - sourced for the benefit of the whole Android community . )
In short order , " Android " will become meaningless to consumers , and most carriers wo n't even advertise the fact that their phones use the operating system .
Instead , they 'll advertise their phones ' features , as they always have , and emphasize the benefits of those features to the users .
When that happens , Google might be happy to see that it 's successfully kicked off a new operating system that will stimulate more mobile web use , ultimately driving some more people to Google.com .
But it will have ceded the handset war to Apple , whose more unified , easy - to - understand and consumer - friendly handset will triumph as a brand name and as a platform .
Mark my words :
Apple has been so successful in defining the smartphone market that you 'll soon hear people referring to non-Apple smartphones as " iphones , " the same way people call tissues Kleenex , photocopies Xeroxes and bandages Band - aids .
( Or the way they call web searching " googling , " come to think of it . )
That leverage will enable Apple to corner other markets , from mobile music to mobile navigation – and even , if they want to , mobile search .
There 's just one way Google can forestall this eventuality and triumph in the handset market .
The company needs to set up an aggressive " Googlephone " partners program .
It should designate a few core applications that all Googlephones must have , including Gmail , Google Calendar and other Google apps , such as Google Maps .
It should specify minimum requirements for processor capabilities , memory and wireless data access .
Perhaps GPS and Wi-Fi support should be required , as well as a minimum 2 megapixel cameraphone ( the better to interface with Picasa ) .
Then Google needs to set up a carrier / handset certification program to guarantee that phones in this program meet the requirements it specifies .
Those that qualify gain the right to be called
" Googlephones , " regardless of which carrier or handset manufacturer they come from .
Qualifying phones may sport a Googlephone logo on the phone and in advertisements about it .
The result : Googlephones will become a trusted , branded subset of the Android phone marketplace .
No matter what other features a phone may or may not have , consumers who buy a Googlephone from any manufacturer will know that they have guaranteed access to their mail , calendar , contacts and Google Maps .
And that guarantee – which is based on the capabilities and benefits that consumers actually care about – will help drive the growth of the mobile Google market .
It will also help extend the dominance of Google 's applications , by ensuring them a reliable and well - defined niche in the mobile universe .
If Google does n't do that , Android will quickly disappear into the morass of poorly - branded smartphone operating systems that consumers do n't give a damn about , alongside Symbian , Windows Mobile and the Palm OS .
And Google will have lost the mobile game .
Read more about the Googlephone :
* It 's true : There is no Googlephone .
The official Google Mobile blog says only that the T - Mobile G1 comes ' with Google ' ( their quotes ) .
And when Google CEO Eric Schmidt announced the Android project last year he said only that it is " more ambitious than any single ' Google Phone . ' "
Photo showing the iPhone ( left ) and T - Mobile G1 : Jonathan Snyder / Wired.com
Gadget Lab 2.0 : Dylan Tweney 's Twitter feed and Delicious bookmarks ; Gadget Lab on Twitter and Facebook .
Posted by nate hagens on August 15 , 2008 - 10:15 am in The Oil Drum : Net Energy
Annual rates of total drilling for and production of oil and gas in the US , 1949 - 2005 ( R2 of the two = 0.005 ; source : U.S. EIA and N. D. Gagnon ) .
Since drilling and other exploration activities are energy intensive , other things being equal EROI is lower when drilling rates are high .
As oil prices increase and the presidential campaigns heat up there is a lot of discussion about increased drilling for oil .
In economic theory higher prices will give market signals to increase exploration and exploitation of resources and hence deliver more to society , although at a higher price .
Will this in fact occur with oil for the United States ?
Of course we will not know until we do it , but we can look to the past for hints .
The enclosed figure represents the history of drilling and production for oil and gas in the United States .
The answer seems inescapable : the rate of drilling for oil in the United States has been unrelated to finding or producing oil and gas , which is determined principally by geology .
Mother nature , not market theory , determines resource availability , at least in this case and probably many more .
( Source : Hall , Powers and Schoenberg ( in press ) )
Bush Administration : Give Us More Unreviewable Power ; We Did So Well The Last Time We Asked
JB
The Bush Administration began in crisis .
It now appears to be ending in crisis .
Following the 9/11 attacks , the Administration claimed that it needed enormous new powers to meet the threat of terrorism .
Members of the Office of Legal Counsel spun out wild theories under which the President had virtually dictatorial powers when he acted under his authority as commander - in - chief .
The OLC also drafted an extremely broad authorization for the use of military force ( AUMF ) that the Administration would later use as proof that Congress had already authorized virtually anything it wanted to do .
The past seven years have required enormous efforts to keep the Administration from making ever more outrageous claims of unreviewable authority and engaging in ever more unaccountable practices .
And now , as Ronald Reagan would say , there they go again .
The country is currently enmeshed in a very serious financial crisis , one of the most serious since the Great Depression .
The causes of this crisis are many , but one of the most important is the deregulatory philosophy that has suffused this Administration .
This philosophy has proved intellectually bankrupt and now threatens to bankrupt the country as well .
Had the Administration been willing to rein in the financial excesses of the past seven years , the crisis might have been avoided with far less cost to the country .
In response to the crisis created in part by its own incompetence and ideological blinders , the Administration now asks for enormous new powers to run the economy in a form of state planning that would make Friedrich Hayek turn over in this grave but would surely bring a smile to Carl Schmitt 's lips .
In the latest version of its plan , the Secretary of the Treasury is given authority to take 700 billion dollars ( that 's 700,000,000,000 ) from the federal budget and spend it pretty much however he likes , free from any oversight requirements or restrictions that apply to public contracts and especially free from any form of judicial review .
( The technical term for this is " committed to agency discretion . " ) .
Oversight and regulations of public contracts are designed to prevent malfeasance , corruption , self - dealing and conflicts of interest in the distribution of federal monies .
( Here is a brief history of the Bush Administration 's sorry legacy of squandering taxpayer money . ) .
The Administration wishes to dispense with all of these restraints and precautions , just as it sought to run the Iraq war on no -bid contracts .
That was bad enough , but here the dangers of bad deals and conflicts of interest are staggering .
The Secretary is asking for authority to bail out Wall Street and enter into negotiations with financiers who include important parts of the political and financial base of the Republican Party .
Not only will the Secretary be figuring out appropriate compensation for these people , he will also to a certain extent be deputizing a number of them to carry out a wide range of functions for the government .
Put differently , the Administration wants the Secretary to take over a sizable chunk of the nation 's capital and insurance markets , and run them as a firm .
It is a merger of public power and private capital that would have made a 1930s advocate of state corporatism proud .
And because the Secretary 's power is effectively unreviewable , he can make sweetheart deals with any or all of the firms and financiers that got us into this mess , providing handsome compensation packages to outgoing executives or , in the alternative , bring these failures into the government to run the new grand public / private business enterprise .
As the Secretary collects and sells off properties and debts , he alone determines who will be the beneficiaries of these sales , under what terms and conditions , and how the profits accruing from these sales will be distributed .
In essence , the government will be buying assets from a group of people ( many of whom caused or contributed to the crisis in the first place ) that will then administer these assets for the government and then sell them back to the same group of people and / or their business associates .
The possibilities for malfeasance , incompetence , corruption and conflict of interest are virtually endless .
I do not oppose emergency plans to preserve liquidity in markets and prevent a further crisis .
What I do object to is plenary discretion in the executive in running the nation 's financial markets , especially given the history of the past seven years , which has been a sorry parade of venality , incompetence , hubris and failure .
The modus operandi of the Bush Administration has been to use crisis to seize unreviewable power for the executive .
Have we learned nothing from the last seven years ?
True , the face of our new Dear Leader is Mr. Paulson , and not Messrs .
Bush and Cheney .
But who , pray tell , do Mr. Paulson and his associates work for ?
If one truly credits the theory of the unitary executive so beloved by the Bush Administration , who , at the end of the day will these masters of the universe be taking orders from ?
And whose friends , business associates , and allies will stand to benefit from their deal making ?
But there is more .
The current secretary of the Treasury will soon be gone , replaced by the appointee of a new Administration , run either by McCain or by Obama .
The next President -- and the next Secretary of the Treasury -- will face the very same temptations .
If you think that the current Administration will behave itself appropriately -- a dubious proposition given its history -- do you have any guarantee that the next Administration will be equally well behaved ?
( As one commentator pointed out below , the Democrats have their share of friends and allies on Wall Street too .
And do n't even get me started about a McCain Administration advised by Phil Gramm . )
We set a dangerous precedent by handing more and more unreviewable power to the president to nationalize large aspects of our economy and run them without effective oversight .
One would have thought that conservative , free market Republicans , of all people , would have warned us of the dangers of state planning and state control of the economy .
Certainly they have spared no opportunity to denounce reform of our health care system as socialism .
These accusations seem to be stilled , however , when the issue is bailing out the Republican Party 's friends on Wall Street , while enlisting many of these friends in running the new state corporate enterprise , and selling the assets back to the same group later on .
It is a bit like the privatization of the old Soviet Bloc .
Faced with crisis , the old communists became the new capitalists ; they made the most of changed conditions by buying up old state businesses and running them as capitalist oligarchs .
In America we see the same logic in reverse : Faced with a crisis of their own making , the old capitalists become the new communists .
It is not enough , however , to revel in the irony or the hypocrisy of the Administration 's current plans .
Two things are central : one is solving the financial crisis , and the other is doing so in a way that preserves constitutional values of oversight , checks and balances , and accountability to the rule of law .
The government must have the power to act , but only the powers it actually needs , and not those it would enjoy having for the foreseeable future .
It must be able to make decisions , but not without any accountability or oversight .
That is what the debate is and should be about , and even though it nominally concerns the passage of an emergency measure , it is ultimately a debate of constitutional proportions .
DIGG THIS
I wonder whether the United States had n’t ought to re-ponder the place of the military in society and in the world .
There is not the slightest chance that this will happen , but wondering has not yet been forbidden .
It appears to me that bureaucratic clotting set in years back , and is now having its effect in spheres martial .
A robust economy can afford frivolities that one in derobustion cannot .
And that is where America is .
The US military is the military of World War II , but with better technology .
The Navy still consists of carriers surrounded by ships intended to protect the carriers .
The heart of the army is still armored and infantry divisions with artillery and close - air support .
The Air Force too .
All are designed to fight enemies like themselves .
However , there are no enemies like themselves , and WWII forces do not well fight the enemies they do have , such as ragtag dispersed guerrillas , because they are not intended to fight them .
Why a World War II military ?
Because of institutional inertia , because men delight in fast , powerful things that make loud and stirring noises , because the ships and tanks and submarines are magnificent .
Relinquishing them is too painful to contemplate .
Instead of changing its forces to suit present needs , the Pentagon keeps them as they are and tries to use them where they do not work well .
WWII militaries are intended to destroy expensive point targets and to conquer crucial territory .
For example , they try to destroy the enemy ’s aircraft and conquer his cities .
This America does very well indeed .
The difficulty is that dispersed guerrillas do not have any expensive point targets , crucial territory , or cities .
The Pentagon is using baseball bats to fight mosquitoes .
The absurdity of using a B1 intercontinental bomber for close air support is manifest .
But you ’ve got the plane , the pilots do n’t want to miss the war , and so you find something for them to bomb .
A current American weakness is that it has a small army .
Controlling large countries full of dispersed enemies requires large armies .
America ’s is a small army because it is an All Volunteer army .
Not many young men want to be soldiers .
The Pentagon likes the All - Vol for two reasons .
First , volunteer soldiers are much better than unwilling short - term conscriptees .
Second , the public does n’t care if volunteers get killed .
After all , they volunteered .
They come from blue - collar families .
These regard the death of a son as a noble sacrifice rather than a human sacrifice for large commercial firms .
And they have little political influence anyway .
This matters .
The Pentagon has learned that it cannot sustain a war in the face of united public opposition .
If students in college were drafted , hell would follow .
The key is not to disturb the public , which the military recognizes as more of a danger than the enemy actually being fought .
The true enemy , always , is the press .
Should reporters turn against a war , they would rouse that great sleeping Public Monster , and then the military would face a war on two fronts .
Fortunately the press consists of a few large corporations and holding companies owned by people of the same social class , who are not opposed to the current wars .
Since World War II , political power has become increasingly concentrated in the presidency , the concentration having become very rapid in recent years .
Most crucially , the Congress has relinquished its power to decide whether the country goes to war .
Thus wars are no longer determined by the national interest but by presidential whim .
These whims can be directed by the desires of the president ’s friends , by powerful groups with agendas , by writers at intellectual magazines .
Quite often these know nothing of war .
And the military by enshrining obedience avoids responsibility .
The US is phenomenally if discreetly militarized .
The country is neither a democracy , nor a government of laws , nor of men , but an oligarchy of lobbies that press for whatever is of benefit to themselves , though not necessarily to the country .
The underlying principle is that honey attracts flies .
The federal government collects vast sums in taxes and the lobbies come to get it .
In the military racket , the money is in big - ticket weaponry .
The carriers , Aegis boats , subs , fighters , tanks , B1s , B2s , and satellites sell for billions .
These sums attract a vast aerospace industry that would collapse without sales to the military .
The Pentagon is a captive market , and often a haven for firms that could n’t compete in the commercial marketplace .
Much of this money goes for pricey gear that is both unknown to the public and of little use for the wars the country fights ( but probably should n’t ) .
To hide a program from the public , you do n’t have to make it secret , which would only draw attention .
Just do n’t talk about it .
The press , which is owned by big business and manned by reporters of preternatural technical puzzlement , will say little .
For examples , search on JSF , F22 , V22 , ABL , and ABM .
As always , the key is to avoid waking the public .
Thus the military avoids attention .
But add up overt and hidden military expenditure : the defense budget , appropriations for the wars , the black programs , the Veterans Administration , the national laboratories , TSA , and so on .
The sum is backbreaking for a nation in decline , but the public knows neither that it is backbreaking nor that the country is in decline .
To countries competing with the US , as for example Japan , the American military budget is a godsend , the equivalent of a golf handicap on a rival , because it represents money the US cannot spend to become more competitive .
Fortunately for Asia , American military expenditure cannot readily be cut back .
Too many jobs , military towns , and corporate profits depend on it .
Consequently China builds infrastructure while the US builds fighter planes .
The only plausible brake will be conflict with Social Security and Medicare , cuts in which will wake the Public Monster .
The illusion of omnipotence dies hard .
The American military has been dominant for so long that neither it nor Americans can grasp that there are limits to its power .
America now tries militarily to encircle Russia , Iran , and China , which increasingly looks like an aging pit bull trying to encircle a herd of moose .
The Pentagon is planning for a war with China and talks of  Full Spectrum Dominance . 
The current government in Washington wants to attack Iran and Pakistan , threatens Syria and Venezuela , and seems bent on igniting another Cold War with Russia ( if one ignites cold wars ) .
The Army is to be expanded .
Meanwhile China builds infrastructure .
Fred Reed is author of Nekkid in Austin : Drop Your Inner Child Down a Well and the just - published A Brass Pole in Bangkok : A Thing I Aspire to Be. Visit his blog .
Fred Reed Archives
The Best of Fred Reed
Everyone is fond of Owls .
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
MrWeebl is a channel of fun and silliness , with songs and cartoons and even cartoon songs .
Wow .
Some call it random .
It ’s not random .
It ’s absurd look at life because day - to - day life is ridiculous .
Please subscribe to us , or even better , follow us on Twitter and Instagram since that way YouTube ca n’t just not show you what we ’ve been up to like it tends to do .
https://twitter.com/TheWeebl
https://instagram.com/weebls_stuff
If you really want to help us then please consider supporting our work via Patreon .
http://www.patreon.com/mrweebl
Or you can always visit our website and store here .
http://weebls-stuff.com
Subscribe to Mr Weebl : http://is.gd/MoreWeebl
U.S. banking giant switches billions in debt to Britain to avoid paying corporation tax for 50 years
Investment bank Merrill Lynch may not have to pay UK tax for decades .
The Wall Street giant , which employs 5,500 in the City of London , could be eligible for a tax holiday of more than 50 years after making billions of pounds of losses on ' exotic investments . '
The possibility of such a business escaping tax will astonish households struggling with their personal finances .
Merrill Lynch : The U.S. banking giant has charged its losses to its British arm
The collapse of profits among all the banks have led to a dramatic fall in their tax burden -- which means a big hole in the Treasury 's books .
Merrill Lynch racked up losses of £ 15.5 billion because of the sub - prime meltdown in America .
The losses were booked in its UK subsidiary Merrill Lynch International , because this is the unit through which it conducted its business in exotic financial instruments -- repackaged debt .
Merrill can use the losses to offset its tax liability - by as much as £ 4.3 billion - in future years .
Accountants say the bank is fully complying with tax law .
Robert Willens , a tax expert , said the move is not common .
' Merrill will have to be able to say that the UK subsidiary was the owner of those securities .
' It does not matter where the derivatives unit is based or where the trades were executed .
' The only thing that matters is who was the owner of the securities , ' he told the Financial Times .
The paper calculates that if Merrill starts making profits again at the rate it did in 2006 - a record year - it still wo n't have to pay any corporation tax for the next 60 years .
Merrill declined to comment .
If the move is followed by rivals it could have a huge impact on government coffers .
This week New York mayor Mike Bloomberg said that many Wall Street firms will pay no tax this year due to their losses .
So far this year financial companies across the world have reported writeoffs totalling £ 250 billion .
Economists say this figure could double before the credit crunch comes to an end .
Merrill has offices across London including a financial centre at Paternoster Square by St Paul 's Cathedral .
which houses two of the largest trading floors in Europe .
Accountants said that the tax structure allows Merrill to offset losses from one part of the business .
John Gu , a tax expert at KPMG International , said : ' It obviously makes commercial sense , though it would be subject to certain legal and tax law restrictions .
No company wants the mismatch by losing money on one unit while paying tax on another profitable operation . '
Merrill was founded in 1914 and has become one of the world 's biggest banks .
" Why Did Jesus Die ? "
A former agnostic wrestles with some of Christianity 's most basic issues
By Alan Scholes
" It 's fun to debate with Christians because there are so many contradictions in the Bible . "
That was my feeling during my years as an agnostic high school and college student .
I never called myself an atheist .
I felt that anyone who said , " I 'm sure that God does n't exist . " was being arrogant .
How could anyone know whether or not God existed ?
So I considered myself to be an open - minded agnostic .
I loved to argue with religious people -- partly because I just liked to argue ( with anyone ) and partly because they seemed like sitting ducks .
I liked to bait them about the problems that I saw in the Bible .
But , you know , it was as I found out more about these " problem areas " that I learned what the Bible is all about .
As I read the story of Adam and Eve for a course on the bible as literature , I noticed something for the first time .
Of course I had heard the story before when I would attend church , but I had never read the actual account in Genesis carefully .
I saw that in chapter two God commands Adam , " But , from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat , for in the day that you eat from it you shall surely die . "
When I looked at Genesis chapter five , I found that Adam lived many years after eating from the forbidden tree and even had several children .
I wondered , " Was God just bullying them with idle threats or did the writer of Genesis make a little mistake and misquote God ? "
I was amazed that anyone in their right mind could believe that the Bible was " God 's Word " when it had such a glaring contradiction in the opening chapters .
This continued to bother me for nearly two years , but there was something else that bothered me even more .
I had often heard my religious friends say , " Jesus died for our sins " or " Jesus died to save the world . "
I could see how the good example of Jesus ' actions might possibly influence some men and women to live better lives , but it was inconceivable to me that anything done by one man nearly 2,000 years ago could have a direct effect on how we live in the 20th century .
And I certainly could n't see how Jesus ' death no matter how noble or unselfish , could possibly make up for all the evil in the world .
In my opinion , if God existed , He would either have a loving and forgiving nature or He would not .
If He was n't inclined to forgive men's shortcomings , I did n't see how Jesus ' death could change
His mind , and if God was a forgiving sort , I could n't see why He would need a human sacrifice to prove it .
At the time I never guessed that the answer to the problem in Genesis held a clue to understanding why Jesus had to die .
I began to comprehend as I was listening to a lecture by a man named Hal Lindsey ( who later wrote the best seller , The Late Great Planet Earth ) .
He said that when God declared that Adam would die the same day , He was not referring to physical death , but rather to spiritual death .
Three Dimensions
He went on to explain that God had originally created man in three distinct parts or dimensions .
The first is the physical body , which contains the give senses .
Our body is not who we are .
It 's the physical house we live in .
The second part of man is the soul .
This is the real you and me .
It contains the mind ( the non-physical source of thoughts which activates the physical brain ) , the emotions , the will and the conscience or moral reasoning power .
The Bible teaches that the soul is non-physical and indestructible ( it will exist in some state forever ) .
There is a third part of man called the spirit .
I had always thought that the terms " soul " and " spirit " were just two names for the same thing , but Lindsey explained that the spirit is a sort of " non-physical eyesight " with which Adam could experience the non-physical world and personally " see " God and have fellowship with Him .
Adam could look through his physical eyes at Eve and see and experience her .
In the same way he could " look " through his spirit and directly perceive and experience God .
Both were equally real and intimate .
Now this made a lot of sense to me .
As a student of psychology , I had already decided that there must be a non-physical part of man .
Even Freud , who was a confirmed atheist , was forced into an explanation of human behavior that involved non-physical elements .
( No one has ever operated on a human brain and found a physical id , ego or superego ! )
I began to see how Adam 's spiritual sense perception could have " died " and yet he still could be alive physically .
As I studied further , I discovered that the biblical concept of " death " does not mean " ceasing to exist , " but rather means " separation . "
In the bible , physical death is the separation of the soul from the body .
With the soul gone , the body ceases to function and begins to decay .
Spiritual death means the separation of the spirit from God .
With the spirit cut off from God , a man would still be able to function physically , but could no longer directly experience God .
I began to see that this Hebrew concept of spiritual death described me exactly .
I had read and heard a great deal about God and had spent many hours thinking about the idea of God , but I certainly had never directly perceived or experienced Him .
Free to Choose
At this time I began to see the answer to something else that had bothered me .
I had always said : " If God created man and man has an evil side to him , then why should God blame man for acting the way He made him ? "
( In the long run it seemed as though evil were God 's fault , not man's ) .
But as I studied further , I saw that God had created man with freedom to respond to God 's love and love Him back .
For love to be real , a person has to be free to choose to love ( and free to choose not to ) .
For example , I want my wife to freely choose to love me , not to be forced into it .
If God had told Adam , " Here , do anything you ant .
There is nothing you can do that would be wrong , " then there would have been no way for Adam to express his love and obedience toward God .
If nothing was forbidden , then Adam could n't choose to obey God since there would be no possible way to disobey .
So God gave Adam a choice .
He said , " Do n't eat from this tree . "
The moment God said that , the tree became " the tree of the knowledge of good and evil . "
I think the tree was a neutral object from God 's point of view .
He could just as easily have said , " Do n't touch that stick " or " do n't pick up that rock . "
Then we would have had the " stick " or the " rock " of the knowledge of good and evil . "
Until this time Adam had never personally chosen good or evil .
If Adam had chosen to obey , he would have gained a personal knowledge of God .
As it was , he chose to disobey and gained an experience of evil .
In choosing to disobey God , Adam died spiritually .
In turning away from God 's command , Adam 's intimate fellowship with God was broken - his " spiritual eyes " went dead and he could no longer experience God .
I had read in the New Testament that " the wages of sin is death . "
I now realized that " wages " are not a gift or a punishment .
They are simply what we deserve , the natural result of our work .
On payday you do n't go to your boss , get down on your knees and say , " Oh , please , be kind and generous and give me my paycheck . "
You expect to be paid .
It is the natural result of doing your work .
Natural Result
In the same way , spiritual death is not a punishment from God , but rather the natural result of man 's free choice to separate himself from God and His will .
Adam unplugged himself from God spiritually and the result was that he was cut off from God permanently .
Adam had poked out his own spiritual eyes and there was nothing he could do to restore them .
Even God Himself could n't restore Adam 's spirit without nullifying his free will .
( That would be like a parent who says , " You 're free to choose whether or not you want to go to the party tonight , but if you choose to go , I 'm going to lock you in your room . " )
In order for Adam to be free , God had to honor his choice of disobedience and spiritual death .
When Adam disobeyed God , something even more startling happened .
Not only was Adam eternally cut off from God , but apparently there was such a profound change in Adam that he passed on this spiritual death to all of his offspring .
In the physical realm we know that some damage ( such as radiation ) can be so profound that a genetic mutation takes place and every generation after that is affected .
Something like " spiritual mutation " took place when Adam sinned , and everyone since that time has been born physically and soulishly " alive but spiritually dead - cut off from God .
My first thought was , " This seems unfair .
That means I have to suffer for something Adam did thousands of years ago . "
But I soon realize that there were many times when I had consciously chosen to do things that I knew were wrong .
If I had n't inherited spiritual death , I would have cut myself off from God through my own choices !
And I saw that God could n't just forgive or overlook man 's sin - to do so would take away his freedom and make him less than human .
But I still did n't se how Jesus ' death could be the solution to man 's problem of spiritual death .
One thing in particular bothered me about Jesus .
According to my Christian friends , Jesus was supposed to be God 's perfect Son .
In fact , they said He was God Himself in human form .
And yet in two difference places it is recorded that on the cross Jesus cried , " My God , My God , why has Thou forsaken me ? "
This was the most obvious problem of all .
It seemed that Jesus Himself lost faith at the very end .
How could we believe Jesus to be the perfect Son of god when He Himself seems to have denied it with His dying breath ?
Spiritual Death
This proved to be the key which helped me to finally understand the Christian faith .
I learned that Jesus not only died physically on the cross -- He died spiritually .
While Jesus hung there , God the Father reached back in time and took the spiritual death that had been generated by Adam and those who came after him and placed it on Jesus Christ .
Then ( because He created time and lives outside of it ) God looked forward in time and took all the spiritual death generated by you and me and all the other men and women who will be born until the end of time and put that death on Jesus too .
Now I could see why Jesus cried , " My God , My God , why hast thou forsaken Me ? "
He was experiencing to the fullest the spiritual death generated by countless men and women throughout the ages .
He literally experienced spiritual hell on the cross as He was cut off from God , even though He committed no sin and was not deserving of death .
He actually died spiritually in our place .
One thing , continued to puzzle me .
I could see how Jesus , if He lived a perfect life and therefore was never unplugged from God , could die spiritually for one other man 's sin ( and it seemed logical that He would have to stay dead eternally ) .
But I could n't understand how Jesus as one man could possibly die and stay dead for only a few days - the Bible says
He was resurrected three days later - and still manage to pay off several billion eternities of separation from God .
I found the answer while I was a student at San Francisco State College .
I asked a math major who lived in my dorm about this , and he replied , " You 've forgotten that Jesus , though Hew was in human form , was actually the infinite God .
If He had suffered spiritual death for even 10 minutes , He would have generated more than enough death to pay for the 100 billion eternities of separation from God.
Remember
He was giving up infinite life , and infinity multiplied times anything still equals infinity . "
Or as he wrote down for me :
Jesus yielding infinite life
x 10 minutes=
infinite eternities of spiritual death
Free Gift
But I was still confused about this :
Why , if Jesus ' death paid for all the spiritual death for all the ages , do men still experience separation from God ?
Then I realized that God still can't violate our free will without making us subhuman .
God has gone to great trouble and sacrifice to provide forgiveness for us and to restore us to fellowship with Himself .
Forgiveness and a new spirit are free gifts that He offers us .
If we refuse His gift , we will continue to experience spiritual death , and when our physical life ends , we will be cut off eternally from God and His love .
Those who accept Christ 's death as payment for their spiritual death are given new " spiritual eyes " .
They are again complete in body , soul and spirit .
For the man who has this new nature within him , physical death is no threat .
When the soul sheds the physical body , the man himself continues to grow and have fellowship with God through His spirit .
Recently I was discussing some of these things with a student named George .
I asked him , " Have you ever wondered about any of these things ? "
He said , " Yes , in fact , I was sent to a religious grade school and high school , and took many courses in Christian teaching .
I often asked my teachers about things that did n't make sense to me , like how Jesus could die for the whole world .
They would always put me off or say , " We 're going to discuss that next month , " and I never tot my questions answered .
Today is the first time I 've really understood how Jesus ' death could affect me personally . "
Then I asked him , " Would you like to thank Christ for taking your spiritual death and ask Him to come into your life ? "
George said , " Yes , I really would , " so right there on a concrete bench i the midst of the campus , George bowed his head and asked Christ into his life .
As well as I can remember , what he said was this : " Lord Jesus , thank you for taking the spiritual death that I deserve .
Come into my life and give me back a spirit so I can really know You .
Give me the strength to obey
You every day .
Amen . "
At that moment George began the most vital and dynamic experience life can offer - knowing God Himself .
You can have that same experience .
Click above for high - res gallery of Toyota 's WingletsToyota 's bid to completely take over the world with robots is getting ever closer to fruition .
Its latest endeavor is intended to place mankind on moving platforms -- very Segway - esque .
Coming in Small , Medium and Large sizes , Toyota 's Winglet places its riders in a standing position , likely to dissuade notions of the future portrayed in Pixar 's recentmovie in which humans spent their time in more relaxed positions .
Powered by an electric motor , the Winglet 's two wheels are closely monitored by on - board sensors that constantly adjust the movements of the machine to keep everything upright .
At just 6 kilometers per hour it ain't very vest and can't go too far with its 5 - 10 kilometer range , but it makes up for these issues by taking just one hour to charge .
Testing is currently underway , with human trials expected to begin this Autumn in Japan .
Presumably after that there 'll be a version with handle bar - mounted guns that 's able to round up humans in a pen .
Check out the video of Toyota 's winglet in action after the jump .
PRESS RELEASE
Toyota Develops Personal Transport Assistance Robot ' Winglet '
Tokyo - TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION ( TMC ) announced today development of the " Winglet " , a personal transport assistance robot ridden in a standing position .
The Winglet - still being refined - is one of TMC's people - assisting Toyota Partner Robots .
Designed to contribute to society by helping people enjoy a safe and fully mobile life , the Winglet is a compact next - generation everyday transport tool that offers advanced ease of use and expands the user 's range of mobility .
The Winglet consists of a body ( with a projected area the size of an A3 sheet of paper ) that houses an electric motor , two wheels and internal sensors that constantly monitor the user 's position and make adjustments in power to ensure stability .
Meanwhile , a unique parallel link mechanism allows the rider to go forward , backward and turn simply by shifting body weight , making the vehicle safe and useful even in tight spaces or crowded environments .
TMC has created three models , the " L " , " M " and " S " , each having different handling features that allow consumers to select a model appropriate to their needs - from " practical " to " hands - free sporty " .
TMC plans various technical and consumer trials to gain feedback during the Winglet 's lead - up to practical use .
Practical tests of its utility as a mobility tool are planned to begin in Autumn 2008 at Central Japan International Airport ( Centrair ) near Nagoya , and Laguna Gamagori , a seaside marine resort complex in Aichi Prefecture .
Testing of its usefulness in crowded and other conditions , and how non-users react to the device , is to be carried out in 2009 at the Tressa Yokohama shopping complex in Yokohama City .
TMC is pursuing sustainability in research and development , manufacturing and social contribution as part of its concept to realize " sustainability in three areas " and to help contribute to the health and comfort of future society .
Toyota Partner Robot development is being carried out with this in mind and applies TMC 's approach to monozukuri ( " making things " ) , which includes its mobility , production and other technologies .
In a related development , TMC unveiled the " MOBIRO " mobility robot , designed for use in a sitting position , in 2007 .
TMC aims to realize the practical use of Toyota Partner Robots in the early 2010s by furthering its robotic development and strengthening collaboration between industry , government and academia
Outline of Winglet
Model " S " " M " " L "
Length ( mm ) 265 265 265 Width ( mm ) 464 464 464 Height ( mm ) 462 680 1,130 Weight ( kg ) 9.9 12.3 Maximum cruising
speed ( km / h ) 6 Turning radius ( m ) 0 ( able to rotate within its own space ) Cruising range * ( km ) 5 10 Charging time 1 hour ( full charge )
* Varies with surface condition and user weight
[ Source : Toyota ]
“ The fact that we have reached a point where the Federal Reserve felt it had to take this unprecedented step with the American International Group is the final verdict on the failed economic philosophy of the last eight years .
While we do not know all the details of this arrangement , the Fed must ensure that the plan protects the families that count on insurance .
It should bolster our economy ’s ability to create good - paying jobs and help working Americans pay their bills and save their money .
It must not bail out the shareholders or management of AIG .
“ This crisis serves as a stark reminder of the failures of crony capitalism and an economic philosophy that sees any regulation at all as unwise and unnecessary .
It ’s a philosophy that lets Washington lobbyists shred consumer protections and distort our economy so it works for the special interests instead of working people ; a philosophy that says we should give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to the rest .
“ Instead , the pain has trickled up – from the struggles of Main Street all the way up to the crises on Wall Street .
“ Despite his eleventh hour conversion to the language of reform , Senator McCain has subscribed to this philosophy for twenty - six years in Washington and the events of this week have rendered it a colossal failure .
It is time for a new economic strategy , guided by the principle that America prospers when all Americans prosper , where common - sense rules of the road ensure that competition is fair , open , and honest .
That is the strategy I will pursue as President , and I will bring the change we need to restore confidence in our financial markets and strength to our economy , ” said Barack Obama .
ISP filtering of " pirated " material is a controversial measure that would be tough to push through a national legislature in the US , EU , Japan , Korea , or Canada , what with all those pesky " voters " with their concerns about privacy , fair use , and false positives .
But sneaking the provision into a trade agreement ?
Much easier .
The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) has been negotiated in secret by trade negotiators from rich countries around the globe .
Despite the recent leak of a four - page memo on possible ACTA provisions , no draft text ( or details of any kind , really ) have emerged from the process .
Google 's William Patry , a top US copyright lawyer , now says that anonymous sources close to the ACTA process have slipped him more details on the plan , and they do n't sound good .
Bring on the filters
Writing on his blog yesterday , Patry noted that two separate sources talked about filtering .
" The rumors of what is in the draft are pretty much all bad and the scope is growing , not shrinking , " said one .
" It is even said that the latest version has filtering language in it .
" The second report was similar .
ACTA negotiators are meeting in Geneva this week to hash out more details of the proposed deal , but their work is already generating furious online opposition from people like Patry , who thunders , " The attitude of USTR [ United States Trade Representative ] toward copyright is a blinkered , one - sided view that copyright is good and therefore as much of it as possible is even better . "
A shroud of secrecy
US Trade Representative Susan Schwab
Critics are blasting the secret nature of the proceedings , which they see as a way to negotiate and sign a " trade " deal which will then be presented to national legislatures as something already done .
" This ' patriot act ' for intellectual property ' crimes ' may be one of the late legacies of the Bush Administration , " writes James Love of the Consumer Project on Technology .
" It would be nice to have more transparency about such a far - reaching and important global trade agreement . "
Patry agrees that " we do not want our trade representatives to negotiate on their own agreements that require changes in domestic copyright laws and then present the agreement after signature to the legislature as a fait d'accompli . "
Alan Story , a Senior Lecturer in Intellectual Property Law at the UK's University of Kent , objects not just to the secret process behind ACTA but also to the idea that stronger copyright is better copyright .
" Where do we read about how copyright blocks access to books or leads to ever greater commodification and sameness in our culture ? " he asks .
" Instead , we are regularly carpet - bombed by the latest revelation , accompanied by statistically unreliable surveys , as to how piracy is , one week , killing the music industry , and the next week , the film industry .
Lock ‘em up , cut off their Internet access forever , piracy funds terrorist cells : the articles never cease in this steady drip after drip . "
Because of the secrecy , though , it 's hard even to criticize ACTA ; no one yet knows what it might say .
But if Patry 's sources are correct , the agreement may go far beyond " fighting fakes " ( as the USTR said last year ) and could attempt to force new , tougher IP provisions on everyone who signs up .
Such a policy , negotiated at institutions like the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , would require more transparency and would be certain to raise more objections from countries and civil society groups .
By forming its own club and including only select countries in the draft , ACTA can remain both secret and totally pro-copyright .
That 's a bad combination .
Posted by : Loren Coleman on August 28th , 2008
Regarding the story posted here earlier today …
Xeno passes along this translation :
Transcript of video
TITLE : Sweden ’s Legendary Great Lake Sea Monster ( Storsjödjuret ) Caught on Film
ANNOUNCER : .. on Storsjöodjuret , and now six constantly monitoring cameras have captured a blurry image .
And now an American TV - company is on its way to present it .
VIDEO VOICE OVER :
This is said to be the first moving images of Storsjöodjuret , taken by an underwater camera .
The red [ rectangle ] is supposed to mark heat .
At least the group around Storsjöodjuret want to believe that the swedish Loch Ness is captured on film .
And a special monitoring station have been built in Svenstavik .
SUSANNE KINDSTRÖM ( project Storsjöodjuret ) :
It is clear that it contains heat and cells , otherwise [ the equipment ] would not indicate “ red ” .
So .. eh , [ is it ] a sea snake or is a part of Storsjöodjuret , one could ask .
As we ’ve just discovered .
INTERVIEWER :
It ca n’t be a piece of wood , or something else ..?
SUSANNE KINDSTRÖM :
That ’s NO piece of wood , that I can see !
Not by the pattern of movement .
VIDEO VOICE OVER :
And this is supposed to be the back fin of the beast , and here the camera should indicate heat also .
[ Shown on video is a BLUE rectangle ]
Since the project Storsjöodjuret started this spring [ 2008 ] , the interest has been huge – most of all from abroad .
The american TV - company NBC is said to be making a story about the beast this fall .
And next summer , they are going to [ increase the amount of monitoring cameras ] from 6 to 30 .
It is on this rock [ pictured ] the cameras are placed today .
INTERVIEWER : But .. do you [ really ] think you will ever get Storsjöodjuret on film ?
KURT JONSSON ( project Storsjöodjuret ) : I believe so .
And I am also convinced that the technology will also be able to .. in 15 or 20 years , you will be able to search any lake .
From space , or with probes .
Technology goes forward ..
INTERVIEWER :
It wo n’t end with it being a piece of wood ?
KURT JONSSON : No , I do n’t think so .
Something will turn up , yes .
Translator ’s notes :
I have rephrased some of what was said to make the meanings more clear .
As always with interviews , half - finished sentences abound ..
Storsjön is a location , translating into “ The big lake ” , odjur is approximately “ beast ” .
Thus , it is the beast of the big lake .
The broadcast itself is taken from an SVT ( Swedish Television ) news show that is fairly reputable .
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Thursday , August 28th , 2008 at 4:08 pm and is filed under Breaking News , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Eyewitness Accounts , Lake Monsters , Media Appearances , Television , Videos .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
( CNN ) -- LeRoi Moore , saxophonist and founding member of the Dave Matthews Band , died Tuesday from complications stemming from injuries he sustained in an ATV accident , the band 's publicist said .
LeRoi Moore , a founding member of the Dave Matthews Band , died Tuesday .
Moore , 46 , died " unexpectedly " at a hospital , publicist Ambrosia Healy said in a statement .
Moore was taken to Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , and had been rehabilitating at his L.A. home after the June 30 accident at his farm outside Charlottesville , Virginia .
The Dave Matthews Band was formed in Charlottesville in 1991 by Matthews , Carter Beauford , Stefan Lessard , Boyd Tinsley and Moore , an established saxophonist in the local music scene .
Their first album , " Remember Two Things , " was released in 1993 and featured what would become the band 's trademark mixture of jazz , rock and world - music stylings .
iReport.com : Are you a Dave Matthews fan ?
Do n't Miss Dave Matthews Band homepage
Dave Matthews Band homepage iReport.com : Are you a Dave Matthews fan ?
" Jazz is probably my main influence , but at this stage I do n't really consider myself a jazz musician , " Moore is quoted as saying on the band 's Web site .
" I have plenty of space to improvise , to try new ideas . "
The band 's follow - up record , " Under the Table and Dreaming , " has been certified quadruple - platinum , selling over 4 million copies .
The group went ahead with a scheduled show Tuesday night at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
Jeff Coffin , saxophonist for Bela Fleck and the Flecktones , has been sitting in for Moore since Moore 's accident .
Matthews announced the death of the band 's " dear friend " to the crowd .
Concertgoer Christian Tomas of Anaheim , California , said by telephone from the Staples Center that word of the death had spread through the crowd before the show .
" All of us are just really sad and down about it , " said Tomas , a longtime fan .
" But if Dave and the band decided to go on with the show , that means they know it was the right thing to do and Leroi would have wanted it . "
Fellow webcomic blogger Ben Gordon recently wrote a post about the different forms of humor at the Floating Lightbulb .
This led to a link that itemized humor in pat little categories .
I come from the point of view that humor cannot be delineated , mainly because it ’s evolving year after year .
( Try to find someone who genuinely thinks Much Ado About Nothing is funny AND is n’t a stuffy English major and / or professor . )
So it was a small surprise that I could n’t think of any humor that did n’t fit at least one of the types on the list .
( Before you argue that “ pun ” is n’t on the list , I should tell you it ’s right there under “ conundrum . ”
A better argument is whether or not puns belong on a list about types of humor at all . )
One of the more interesting humor forms is something called “ switching ” : “ a common form of switching is changing the main parts of the story , such as the setup or the punch line , and creating a new joke . ”
Is it something like those Seinfeld “ yadda yadda yadda ” jokes ?
Or could this be referring to Zach Weiner ’s Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal , where , oftentimes , the punchline actually changes the meaning of the drawing itself ?
Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal
Usually when I write these reviews , I make it a point to plow through the entire archive of a comic .
I figure it ’s only fair .
Today , however , I make an exception for the very first time .
Why ?
For starters , the most obvious of reasons : the comics is too damn long .
The strip updates every day since 2002 , and right now the archive is over 1000 strips long .
Yeah , **** that noise .
Second , it ’s a gag - a - day strip .
There a no continuing plotlines .
Just the single panel joke , like you ’d find in The Far Side , Bizarro , and Non Sequitur .
Typically , gag writers go to the well to the same types of jokes multiple times .
I mean , if you ’ve built your reputation on jokes about guys putting on fun costumes before plummeting to their death , you ’re not going to suddenly switch to cute puns your two - year - old made up while he was in the park chasing pigeons .
It ’s not a bad thing : it ’s easier for the writer to think up of new jokes within the template , and loyal readers get what they want .
It ’s just that if you try to read several at a time , the jokes become more and more telegraphed .
You can only do so many jokes about wacky , insensitive and inappropriate props before the novelty wears off .
So you gotta read SMBC in small portions , the way Zach intended you to .
And finally , I soon came to realize that long term exposure to SMBC can actually eat away at the very soul .
There are many ways to practice dark humor .
Webcomics like Lucid TV and 1930 Nightmare
Theatre unrelentingly go for the jugular .
SMBC belongs to the same school of humor as Perry Bible Fellowship : lull the reader into the illusion of a comfort zone , making the denouement all the more shocking .
The key difference is that PBF takes 3 to 4 panels ; SMBC accomplishes its task in one .
And make no mistake , SMBC is dark .
Not blacker than the blackest black , times infinity , but dark nonetheless .
Weiner throws you off at first by the generally friendly character designs and the lack of any overt images of gore .
But the punchline is usually about hopelessness , shame , anger , adultery , and ultimately death .
So why do I give this five stars ?
Because it ’s hilarious !
Weiner puts some clever twists on old jokes , and , despite being churned out on a routine basis , the punchline almost always blindsides you .
There ’s the switching : Zach plays with your expectations by setting you up on the most cliche of panels , and then dings you with a punchline that you never saw coming .
It ’s hard to find a webcomic out there that ’s this consistently funny … as long as mildly dark humor is up your alley , that is .
Rating : 5 stars ( out of 5 )
" The government has decided to engage the Musahars in commercialisation of rat meat for their overall development , " he said .
" It will help empower them and change their poor living conditions if the venture is properly designed and clicks . "
Artist Steve Ellis and writer Fred Van Lente created this strip as a mini-comic for the 2000 Small Press Expo in Bethesda , Maryland .
This is its first appearance on - line .
Enjoy !
Visit Fredvanlente.com for more free comix
Categories : Schenectady County
As the heating season draws near , up - and - down oil and natural gas prices have created uncertainty for many homeowners .
The estimated average price per gallon for home heating oil in the Capital Region is $ 4.27 , up 63 cents from this time last year , according to the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority .
That price is a little less than the state average of $ 4.36 per gallon but still very high by historical standards .
Crude oil prices have been falling rapidly from all - time highs earlier this summer , but it ’s impossible to know if they will continue to fall or whether heating oil prices will follow the curve exactly or immediately .
Natural gas futures pricing has shown a steep drop - off in price from last year , following its unstable price structure of the past few years .
Natural gas for October delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange has been trading at about $ 8 per 1,000 cubic feet .
That ’s down from the sale price of $ 18.29 per thousand cubic feet in October 2007 , which was up from $ 13.37 in October 2006 , which was way down from $ 22.24 per thousand cubic feet in October 2005 .
Rising natural gas inventories have led to the recent crash in natural gas prices , but those losses could be reversed .
Wood and pellet stoves seem downright stable by comparison , though cord wood and pellets are more expensive this year , too .
Laura Borst , the co-owner of Borst Oil Co. on South Thompson Street in Schenectady , said she watches the cable news networks all day , every day , to see which news event will be the next to affect the price of her company ’s product .
“ [ Earlier this year ]
Iran tested missiles , or something , and the price [ of crude oil ] went up like $ 11.50 in one day .
It ’s extremely political , ” she said .
“ One day all of the forecasters will say the price is coming down and two days later they ’ll say it ’s going to go back up .
The same forecasters will say the complete opposite thing . ”
Borst said her company has already sold the 270,000 gallons of home heating oil allocated for its prepay plan , which offered the fuel for $ 4.29 per gallon and its budget plan , which sold it for $ 4.39 per gallon .
Whether those prices prove to be a bargain for customers or a loss for Borst Oil remains to be seen .
“ It ’s a crapshoot .
You do n’t know when it ’s going to go up or when it ’s going to come down , ” Borst said .
Like gasoline , the price of home heating oil has risen with the dramatic increase in crude oil prices over the past year .
According to the U.S. Energy Information Agency , the price of crude oil accounts for about 42 percent of the final cost of home heating oil , while the cost of refining it accounts for 12 percent and marketing and distribution make up 46 percent .
And like gasoline , the price of home heating oil has declined recently after a drop in global demand began chipping away at crude oil prices over the last month .
But whether the price will continue to drop or if it will rise again remains unknown .
NYSERDA Director of External Affairs Tom Lynch said if the average residential user of home heating oil uses about 800 gallons during the winter season , at current prices , it will cost about $ 3,400 to stay warm during the months from November to April .
“ We ’re seeing prices come down , from highs of almost $ 4.80 at one point … it ’s still [ way up ] from year - over - year prices and those were elevated prices last year .
It ’s going to wallop consumers , ” he said .
The EIA wo n’t release a national average price for home heating oil until Oct. 10 .
New York generally has higher retail prices than most of the nation for all petroleum products because of higher state taxes .
Of the estimated 8.1 million households in the United States that use oil to heat their homes , 6.3 million — or roughly 78 percent — are in the Northeast , according to the EIA .
For those that use natural gas , National Grid has long used the benchmark of 867 “ therms ” to calculate the amount the typical residential natural gas user will consume in its territory during the winter season from November to April , said National Grid spokesman Patrick Stella .
One thousand cubic feet translates into about 10 therms .
If the currently low futures market price for natural gas holds steady for the entire heating season , customers might be in for a cheap winter at $ 693 ; if prices spike back up to 2007 levels the bill could top $ 1,500 for the season .
Things have recently become easier for natural gas customers who fall behind on their bills .
In June , the Public Service Commission approved National Grid ’s proposal to change its AffordAbility Program for low - income customers .
Attempting to make it easier for debtors to receive arrears forgiveness credits , National Grid altered the program ’s payment criteria to a monthly from an annual basis .
During the first quarter , 260,000 consumers owed arrears totaling $ 188.1 million in National Grid ’s service territory , compared with 250,000 consumers owing $ 151.2 million in first quarter of 2007 .
Under the old AffordAbility requirements , customers needed to make 12 consecutive monthly payments to receive a $ 250 credit at the end of that period .
Given that many customers already burdened with debt failed to make those payments , they often dropped out of the program .
National Grid will now issue $ 20 arrears forgiveness credits to program participants each month they make a payment for up to 24 months .
Customers looking for more price stability , and possibly lower costs , might try a wood pellet home heating system .
NYSERDA officials said the authority does not track wood pellet prices , but recognizes the fuel as a rising niche area .
Internet wood pellet retailer pelletsales.com estimates that a typical home may burn 3 tons of wood pellets for less than $ 750 per year to meet 80 - 90 percent of their heating needs .
According to pelletsales.com , the current pellet prices equate to $ 2 - a - gallon home heating oil .
The New York State Consumer Protection Board warned of a shortage of wood pellets in 2005 , but officials with the board say they ’ve not received any indications of a shortage so far this year .
Market Research meets Creative Think Tank .
We work with organizations to take on their complex , left - brain - wo n ’t - fix - it , have n’t - been - cracked - yet questions .
The big questions about culture , brands , behaviors , and the future .
The ones that C - Suites and Insights , Brand , and Innovation teams are asking .
The ones that require the most creative ( and innovative ) approaches .
The questions that ultimately lead us to answer , Now What ?
Pictured : Brazilian lover who ' chopped up British girl like beef ' grins as he takes police to find her mutilated remains
The man accused of murdering and mutilating a British teenager in Brazil yesterday took police frogmen to a remote jungle river to try to find the girl 's dismembered remains .
Mohammed Carvalho dos Santos , 20 , spent four hours with police divers after he admitted killing 17 - year - old Cara Burke , from south London , in a cocaine - fuelled rage .
He has told police he put the body parts in plastic bags and threw them in the river .
He had put her torso in a suitcase which he left on the riverbank , and it was the discovery of the case which led to the murder probe and his arrest .
Grinning killer : Mohamed D'Ali Carvalho Santos , centre , leads police to the site where he allegedly dumped some body parts of British teenager Cara Marie Burke
But after the four - hour trawl yesterday , police admitted they had drawn a blank .
Earlier , dos Santos had smiled in silence with his head bowed as he left a police station in the central Brazilian city of Goiania for the river outside the town where he said he had dumped the girl 's head , arms and legs .
He responded angrily to the media later while showing police around the river and the 40 - yard - long bridge spanning it .
Asked where he was standing on the bridge when he threw bags of body parts over the side , Santos snarled at a reporter , ' I threw her in your house . '
Murdered : British teenager Marie Burke , 17 , was reportedly stabbed to death before being decapitated
Firefighters joined police in combing the banks of the river for the missing remains , without success .
Detectives said they were now convinced that dos Santos , 20 , carried out the horrific murder because Cara had refused to marry him so that he could gain entry to Britain .
They had earlier believed the motive may have been that Cara had planned to go to the police about his drug use and dealing .
Chief investigating officer Carlos Batista said : ' His friends and her friends have told us that he wanted her to marry him so that he could live permanently in the UK .
He had already been there a couple of years and really liked it .
' She was not prepared to marry him and they argued a lot . '
Cara , whom friends described as ' very naive ' and ' obsessed with Brazil ' , is believed to have met dos Santos in east London , where he was living illegally .
When he was thrown out of Britain earlier this year , he suggested Cara travel with him to Brazil , in the hope that the pair would get married and he could obtain British citizenship .
The couple spent three months living together in a flat in the central Brazilian city of Goiania before they fell out .
Two weeks ago Cara moved in with a female friend in the city but returned to the flat last weekend .
Grieving : Cara 's brother Michael and mother Anne ( third left ) leave the family home in London
Her boyfriend was born in Brazil , but police said his parents live in the UK , and that he had met Cara in Britain .
They say he quickly confessed to murdering her , and that he had taken pictures of her mutilated body on his mobile phone .
However last night he claimed that he did not kill Cara .
' I was in my apartment when something happened .
She got killed there but I can't say what happened .
It was n't me ' he said from his cell in a telephone interview with the Sun .
He told the newspaper that he was never romantically involved with Cara .
He said she had flown out to be with another Brazilian who had paid for her ticket and was furious that she later ended their relationship .
' He said he was going to kill her because she spent so much on the ticket , ' said Dos Santos .
' She moved in with me but she was never my boyfriend [ sic ] .
We lived together for about two months and then she moved out because she had another boyfriend . '
Cara pictured with a young friend
Yesterday Mr Batista , chief of Goiania 's murder division , said that dos Santos stabbed Cara ' several times in the chest and the back ' last Saturday after taking a huge amount of crack cocaine .
Dos Santos said last night that he does not remember what happened the night Cara died because he was too high on cocaine .
He said : ' I do n't remember much , I had used too much drugs . '
A screen projection of a photo of Cara and Dos Santos recovered by police from his mobile phone
After murdering her , dos Santos went out to get drunk at a party , then returned to his apartment and hacked off Cara 's head , arms and legs .
He then stuffed the teenager 's torso into a medium - sized black suitcase which he dumped in a river outside town .
Police believe he had an accomplice named only as Jorge , who was last night being hunted .
He is thought to have helped in the disposal of the body parts , but not in the murder .
Rescue workers search for body parts in the river near where Cara 's body was found
The suitcase was discovered last Monday and was identified by a tattoo reading ' Mum ' .
The rest of Cara 's body - including her head - have still not been found .
Shockingly , dos Santos is said to have told detectives dismembering his girlfriend 's body was '' just like cutting beef , but for the bleeding . '
When asked what motivated him to dismember the corpse , he said it was his desperation to remove the body from the apartment .
' The best method I could think of was putting her inside the suitcase . '
The 17 - year - old 's dismembered body was found in the Brazilian city of Goiania
And asked why he took a photograph of the body and the knife , he is reported to have said : ' I took them in order to send to a Brazilian in England , who she stole money from .
He said he was going to kill her .
' I was going to send them by email to show him that although he did n't have the courage to do it , someone here did . '
According to the newspaper Hoje Noticia , as well as photographs of the remains , Santos ' mobile phone contained pictures of Chucky , the killer doll from the Child 's Play series of films .
Liverpool toddler James Bulger 's 10 - year - old killers , Robert Thompson and Jon Venables , were said to have been influenced by one of the films .
Joe Cook Obama Ads ( Videos )
, an Iraq war veteran , has a personal message forand he has taken it to Youtube in the form of two viral ads .
The first commerical entitled " Dear Mr. Obama " concludes with the Lee Greenwood 's " Proud to be an American " playing in the background and Cook walking away revealing a prosthetic leg , which he presumably lost in the war .
"
The day we lose our will to fight is the day we lose our freedom , " reads the tagline .
" Dear Mr. Obama II : Economics 101 , " is " a very basic study of capitalism and economics in light of Obama 's tax and economic policies . "
View the Joe Cook ad videos below .
Dear Mr. Obama
Dear Mr. Obama II : Economics 101
Fearing end of the world , girl commits suicide in MP
September 10 , 2008 14:57 IST
A 16 - year - old girl in Madhya Pradesh [ Images ] allegedly committed suicide after watching news about the possibility of the end of earth , following the atom - smasher experiment in Geneva that began on Wednesday .
Chhaya , a resident of Sarangpur town in Rajgarh district , consumed sulphos tablets ( an insecticide ) on Tuesday , her parents said .
The girl was rushed to Indore 's MY Hospital , where she passed away on Wednesday .
Her parents told reporters that she had been watching reports about the world 's biggest atom - smasher experiment in Geneva on news channels since the last two days , following which she got restless and ended her life .
The police have registered a case in this regard and they are investigating the matter .
The experiment is being carried out to recreate the birth of the Universe and unlock its secrets .
Scientists have rubbished reports of threat to the planet due to the experiment .
A trend for specialization has seen an increase in healthcare facilities all over the world .
A healthcare facility can be anything from a simple medical clinic to a large multispecialty hospital .
A good hospital is one that has specialized staff and equipment , the latest technology , research facilities , conducts clinical trials and strives towards improving patient care .
With the thousands of hospitals out there , deciding where to get treatment is a daunting task .
However , hospital popularity among patients goes a long way in determining which hospital is good and what each hospital specializes in .
Consistency being the key ; hospitals with consistent great performance are considered to be the best .
Hospitals that belong to this cadre not only recruit the most qualified physicians and nursing care , but also strive to provide specialized services to patients .
There are several such health facilities in the United States that provide specialized services to their patients .
Here we look at a few top hospitals that have good reviews from the patients as well as from various hospital surveys done .
They top the charts of the healthcare providers .
1:- The Johns Hopkins Hospital
A teaching hospital situated in Baltimore , Maryland , The Johns Hopkins Hospital is considered to be one of the best hospitals in the world .
It has been topping the charts at No. 1 in the U.S. News and World Report for 18 years consecutively .
Inception
This hospital was founded in the year 1889 , in the name of Johns Hopkins , who was a banker and merchant in Baltimore .
He left several million dollars and asked for this money to be used in the creation of two institutions under his name .
Thus came into being , “ The Johns Hopkins Hospital ” and “ The Johns Hopkins University . ”
Johns Hopkins Hospital Institutions :
• The Brady Urological Institute
• The Wilmer Eye Institute
• The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center
• The Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center
Specialties
The hospital has been ranked high for the following specialties :
• Rheumatology
• Urology
• Otolaryngology ( ear , nose and throat )
• Neurology and Neurosurgery
• Psychiatry
• Gynecology
• Ophthalmology
• Geriatrics
The above specialties are ranked high ; however , their services extend to several other branches , such as respiratory disorders , digestive disorders , endocrinology , oncology , heart and heart surgery , orthopedics , general pediatrics and kidney diseases .
They have a rehabilitation section as well .
Johns Hopkins has several achievements to its credit
• Their discovery of “ restriction enzymes ” won the Nobel Prize and paved way to genetic engineering industry .
• They have the distinction of discovering the brain ’s natural opiates , which led to an understanding of the neurotransmitter pathways and functions .
• This hospital has identified three different types of polio virus .
• Modern heart surgery underwent a dramatic leap with the first “ blue baby ” operation conducted at this hospital .
• Awarded the prestigious Magnet Recognition status for excellence in nursing by the The American Nurses Credentialing Center ( ANCC ) .
Melanoma Program
Johns Hopkins performs various kinds of surgeries , and the hospital ’s melanoma program includes plastic surgery and reconstruction of complicated sites such as the external ear , nose and eye lid , is being successfully performed over the past two decades .
Recognition
The Johns Hopkins Hospital has earned the honor of being ranked No.1 in three specialties ; Ear , nose and throat , rheumatology and urology ; No.2 in geriatrics , neurology and neurosurgery , gynecology and obstetrics , psychiatry and ophthalmology ; No.3 in cancer , endocrinology , digestive diseases , heart disease and heart surgery and respiratory disorders .
It is no mean feat to obtain high rankings in so many specialties , out of thousands of hospitals in the United States .
2:- M.D. Anderson Cancer Center
Compassion along with innovative cancer care , cancer research , research - based prevention of all types of cancers , both rare and common , aimed for both pediatric and adult cancer patients , makes M.D. Anderson Cancer Center one of the best cancer care centers in the world .
Ranked as No.1 in cancer care , the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center is a system of hospitals and an academic institution in Houston , Texas .
Inception
It was established by the National Cancer Act in 1971 , as part of three other cancer centers .
M.D. Anderson Cancer Center takes its name after Monroe Dunaway Anderson , who was a cotton trader and banker from Jackson , Tennessee .
It is interesting to note the reason this cancer center was created .
Anderson and Will Clayton were business partners and they decided that if one of them dies , they would have to pay a lot of money towards estate tax .
In order to avoid paying this tax , the M.D. Anderson Foundation was created by Dunaway Anderson .
M.D. Anderson Cancer Center is totally devoted to the treatment and prevention of cancer .
They have the largest research program in the entire United States , with 11,000 patients taking part in their clinical trials at one point of time .
Support Programs
They have several support programs to help patients feel better and get over the emotional obstacles :
• Support groups for survivors , cancer patients and caregivers .
• Travel nurse support and care ;
• Individual one - on - one support for patients .
• Educational materials as well as classes for patients and caregivers .
• Online support through forums to help share experiences with other cancer patients .
• M.D. Anderson Chaplains are available at all times to provide spiritual support and guidance .
• Several patient stories to read , that talk of people who have survived cancer .
Recognition
• The Magnet Nursing recognition awarded by the American Nurses Credentialing Center .
Patient care at the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center is great and international patients are given every possible help to ensure a happy stay at the hospital .
The number of adults and children that take treatment from this cancer center every year is proof of its immense popularity , which is totally based on the invaluable treatment it provides .
3:- Mayo Clinic , Rochester
Rochester based Mayo Clinic is a non-profit and one of the top healthcare facilities in Northern America , founded by Dr. William Worrall Mayo and his two sons , Charles Horace Mayo and William James Mayo .
Dr. Worrall Mayo originally belongs to the United Kingdom , but emigrated to the United States in 1846 to become a doctor .
It has several clinics and hospitals in Arizona , Scottsdale , Jacksonville and Florida .
The Rochester facility hosts the Mayo Medical School and their research department .
It is also in partnership with smaller other clinics in Iowa , Wisconsin and Minnesota .
Specialties
Mayo Clinic provides treatment in several areas and is forefront in the following specialties , among several others :
• Neurology and Neurosurgery
• Cardiology
• Cancer
• Transplantation
Transplantation Program
The Mayo Clinic ’s transplantation program is one of the best in the United States and offers the following :
Bone Marrow Transplant :
The three types of transplants : allogenic , autologous and syngeneic are performed .
Heart Transplant : Heart , lung and heart - lung transplants , and also the use of ventricular assist devices for adults , children and infants are performed .
Kidney Transplant :
This program is one of the most innovative and the largest in the United States , and more than 40 kidney transplants are performed each year .
The outcome of the Mayo Clinic kidney transplant is also known to be one of the best in the world .
This hospital focuses on living donor transplants and provides both positive crossmatch and ABO incompatible transplants .
Liver Transplant : Mayo Clinic is a leading healthcare center for patients with liver and bile duct tumors .
They have performed more than 2000 transplants and with the highest survival rates .
The programs include living donor liver transplant and split - liver transplant .
Lung Transplant : Lung transplant is offered at Jacksonville and Mayo Clinic in Rochester .
Pancreas Transplant : More than 300 transplants have taken place at Rochester .
They perform solitary pancreas transplants , combined kidney - pancreas transplant and Mayo Clinic has recently obtained FDA approval to perform the unique islet transplant at Rochester .
Recognition
Ranked as one of the best hospitals in America for the 19th consecutive year by U.S. News and World Report .
For the year 2008 , it was ranked as the No.1 in the field of Neurology and Neurosurgery .
4:- Ronald Reagen UCLA Medical Center
Located on the campus of the University of California in Los Angeles , the Ronald Reagen UCLA Medical Center is a technologically advanced hospital that ranked among the top hospitals on the West Coast .
This center has several research centers that cover all the major specialties , including optometry and dentistry .
It is designed in such a way that natural light is maximized to assist healing .
This teaching hospital ’s emergency department has been certified as level I trauma center for pediatrics and adults .
The hospital encompasses :
• The Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center
• Stewart and Lynda Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital
• Mattel Children ’s Hospital
Each hospital has a separate entrance that makes it very convenient for the patients .
It has been ranked high for the following specialties :
• Cancer
• Gynecology
• Neurology and Neurosurgery
• Orthopedics
• Urology
Interventional Surgery
The second floor of the hospital is completely dedicated to interventional procedures .
Their surgical suite is the largest that has ever been built as of date .
The latest audio- visual communication devices assist surgeons in accessing data locally as well as globally .
The cardiac suite will help adult patients with vascular and coronary artery diseases , with the latest angioplasties and plastic restorative surgical techniques .
Children with congenital heart disease can undergo minimally invasive procedures .
Therapy is said to be delivered most accurately and with minimum amount of risk with the help of magnetic catheter guidance devices in UCLA .
Recognition
• Nobel Prize for the discovery of one of the signaling molecules in the body , which is nitric oxide has been won by Louis Ignarro , a pharmacologist at UCLA .
This was a very important discovery that revolutionalized the immunology and cardiopulmonary fields .
• Ranked No.1 for Neurology and Neurosurgery and No. 3 in the best hospital category in the western United States consecutively in a row by the U.S. News & World Report .
The Ronald Reagen UCLA Medical Center is known to provide a high level of care to its patients with advanced technology and is considered to be one of the nation ’s best hospitals .
5:- Cleveland Clinic
One of the largest private medical centers in the world , Cleveland Clinic is located in Cleveland , Ohio and was founded in 1921 by four physicians from Cleveland .
Three of these physicians were surgeons who worked in the army medical unit during World War I .
This is a multispecialty education medical center , which focuses on patient care , research and medical education .
Their medical education program is the third largest in the nation .
Research
Cleveland Clinic Lerner Research Institute has the distinction of being the fifth largest research center in the nation and their expenditure towards research is said to be more than $ 220 million .
Ranking
• Ranked in the four top hospitals in the United States in the year 2007 .
• Ranked No. 1 in the United States for cardiac care , for 13 consecutive years .
• Ranked among the top two , for gastroenterology services and urology .
Their Glickman urological Institute has the largest full - time faculty for urology in America .
Recognition
The Cleveland Clinic has several medical firsts to its credit .
Some of them are :
• First coronary bypass surgery
• First coronary angiography
• First minimally invasive aortic valve surgery
• First larynx transplant that was successful
• First mitral valve repaid and also Maze procedure at the same time
Cleveland Clinic is in the process of constructing a state - of - the - art heart center for its heart program .
Its expansion and technology advancement program is ongoing , to cater to the ever - growing patients .
6:- Massachusetts General Hospital
Founded in 1811 with the intention to care for the poor , the Massachusetts General Hospital or MGH is a cancer treatment and research healthcare facility in Boston , Massachusetts .
It is a teaching hospital for Harvard Medical School .
This hospital is one of the oldest general hospitals in the United States as well as being the oldest and largest in New England .
More than 45000 patients are admitted , over 34000 surgeries are performed and over 1 million outpatients are treated each year .
Specialties at MGH
MGH has many specialties , some of them are :
• Psychiatry
• Cancer
• Endocrinology
• Neurology & Neurosurgery
• Respiratory Disorders
• Orthopedics
• Gastrointestinal Disorders
• Geriatric Care
• Heart & Heart Surgery
MGH has more than 20 specialty branches which cater to specialized patient care of both adults and children .
Clinical Trials
Clinical trials are a continuous process and they test several types of treatments , new vaccines , new drugs and new surgical and radiation approaches , new combinations of treatments etc .
There is a lot going on in new fields of gene therapy , angiogenesis and clinical genetics as well .
These trials focus on all types of cancer that the hospital has ever seen .
While previously , these clinical trials were used by some cancer patients as a last resort , things are very different today with patients even seeking treatment in the early stages through these trials .
Recognition
MGH was given the award of being the first Magnet hospital in the state , by the American Nurses Association .
This award is the highest for excellence in nursing .
7:- Brigham and Women ’s Hospital , Boston
The largest hospital of Longwood Medical and Academic area in Boston and the second largest teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School , Brigham and Women ’s Hospital ( BWH ) is an educational hospital .
This research hospital , along with Massachusetts General Hospital , is one of the two founders of Partners HealthCare , which is the largest healthcare provider in Massachusetts .
The hospital ’s top specialties among many are :
• Obstetrics & Gynecology
• Cancer
• Cardiovascular
• Neurosciences
• Orthopedics
• Renal and several others
Brigham and Women ’s Hospital ’s centers of excellence include :
• Dana -Farber / Brigham and Women ’s Cancer Center
• Shapiro Cardiovascular Center
• The Neurosciences Institute
• The Orthopedic and Arthritis Center
• The Mary Horrigan Connors Center for Women ’s Health
This hospital has several achievements to its credit :
• The first administration of anesthesia during childbirth .
• The first successful heart valve surgery in the world performed on a 12 - year - old girl .
• Discovery that liver extracts can cure pernicious anemia , which was a fatal illness at that time .
The doctors received a Nobel Prize for this .
• Steroid cortisone administered for the first time to cure rheumatoid arthritis .
• Doctors found a way to collect , store and transfuse blood and developed the world ’s first blood bank .
• The first successful human kidney transplant , taken from a twin brother , which won them a Nobel Prize .
• Restoration of normal rhythm of the heart in atrial fibrillation done for the first time using DC cardioversion .
• The world ’s first intra-operative magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) system for neurosurgery .
Recognition
• BWH stands eighth in the ranking brought out by the U.S. News & World Report , for America ’s best hospitals .
It has the distinction of earning a place on this prestigious list for 16 consecutive years .
• The University HealthSystem Consortium ( UHC ) has awarded the recognition of “ top performer ” for quality as well as accountability , for three years in a row .
• Named by Leapfrog Group as the best hospital .
• Won the National Healthcare Award .
Brigham and Women ’s Hospital ’s ongoing efforts for patient care are admirable .
This hospital is in complete compliance with all standards set by the Joint Commission .
8:- Bascom Palmer Eye Institute at the University of Miami
Recognized all over the world as the best eye institute , the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute , which serves as the ophthalmology department for the University of Miami is a leader in ophthalmic care , research and ophthalmic education .
Their care encompasses every aspect of ophthalmic subspecialty possible , including the very rare eye tumors .
Bascom Palmer was founded in 1962 and has come a long way in offering revolutionary ophthalmic treatments .
Each and every physician at the hospital specializes in at least one area of care and more than half of their faculty members have gone into the medical referral book named , “ Best Doctors in America . ”
Bascom Palmer Eye Institute has been in the forefront of many new happenings in the field of ophthalmology :
• The first successful vitreous surgery as well as invention of a miniature surgical instrument used for this surgery .
• Identification of the herpes virus as the cause of Acute Retinal Necrosis .
• Introduction of limbal cell transplantation therapy which can prevent corneal scarring , that is potentially blinding .
• Development of an effective treatment for retinopathy of prematurity afflicting premature infants , which is a blinding condition .
Bascom Palmer ’s research areas include :
• Phyto - dynamic therapy for treating age - related macular degeneration ( wet form ) is being currently tested .
• Molecular genetics advanced techniques , to help improve the diagnosis of macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa .
• Research in finding out more about normal tension glaucoma , where damage of the optic nerve occurs even with the intraocular pressure being normal .
• Trying to understand cytomegalovirus retinitis , the common cause of blindness in patients with AIDS .
• New treatments being researched for retinal detachments , which is the major side effect of diabetes .
• Researching on non-toxic treatment for ocular cancer .
This treatment includes local hyperthermia , which has the potential to kill cancer cells without causing any damage to the retina .
Recognition
• Bascom Palmer Eye Institute is rated as one of the best ophthalmic hospitals in the nation by board - certified ophthalmologists across the United States .
• It has been ranked as the No. 1 eye hospital in the nation by the U.S. News & World Report .
• The Ophthalmology Times ’ survey rated Bascom Palmer ’s residency program as the best in the nation .
Bascom Palmer Eye Institute continues with its tradition of excellence with the commitment of treasuring the gift of sight .
It has earned recognition as an outstanding patient care , research and teaching facility .
9 :- Hospital for Special Surgery ( HSS )
The Hospital for Special Surgery founded in 1863 by Dr. James Knight , is located in the city of New York and is the oldest orthopedic hospital in the nation .
This specialty hospital , which is a member of the New York - Presbyterian Healthcare System , provides orthopedics and rheumatology and is famous for its musculoskeletal medicine services .
They have huge research facilities that focus on autoimmune and musculoskeletal diseases .
HSS is considered to be the best in the United States for joint replacement .
This 140 - bed hospital has the following specialized centers :
• Osteoporosis Prevention Center
• Women ’s Sports Medicine Center
• Institute for Cartilage Repair
• The Barbara Volcker Center for Women and Rheumatic Diseases
Procedures performed at HSS :
The orthopedic surgeons at HSS have subspecialty training and focus on various areas .
While the spine surgery surgeons focus on congenital or acute spinal disorders and chronic back pain , the sports medicine surgeons focus on athletic injuries of the musculoskeletal system .
They specialize in shoulder , elbow and knee injuries .
Limb lengthening procedures are also performed at HSS .
Clinical Trials
HSS focuses its research on various aspects of diagnosis and treatment .
Their clinical trials focus on lupus and arthritis currently .
The research at the hospital aims at addressing problems such as injury , arthritis , scoliosis , osteoporosis , lupus and autoimmune diseases , as well as all related musculoskeletal diseases that affect adults and children .
Recognition
• Ranked No.1 in orthopedics and No.3 for rheumatology nationally by U.S. News & World Report .
• Hospital for Special Surgery been hailed as being innovative in the field of knee replacement .
It has pioneered this and has perfected the procedure to help speed up recovery time , thus reducing the hospital stay for patients .
HSS has performed the largest number of knee replacements in the United States and successfully .
10 :- National Jewish Health
National Jewish Health is considered to be the best hospitals for the treatment of respiratory , allergic and immune disorders .
It is located in Denver , Colorado and has the distinction of being the best medical treatment and research centers in the world .
Founded in 1899 by two people , Frances Wisebart Jacobs and William Sterne Friedman , with the objective of treating tuberculosis , because of lack of TB hospitals in those days .
They collected money for land and building and the hospital was completed in 1893 and since a Jewish organization raised the funds annually for its operations , it was named National Jewish Health .
Later as it grew , it introduced other specialties .
National Jewish Health treats several disorders , some of their specialties include :
• Allergies
• Asthma
• Eczema ( Atomic Dermatitis )
• Autoimmune Diseases
• Emphysema
• COPD
• Interstitial lung disease
• Sleep disorder
• Tuberculosis and several others
Clinical Research
National Jewish Health is a leader in clinical research and treatment .
There have been several new and improved treatments discovered for respiratory disorders .
This hospital has been instrumental in bringing to people , drugs such as Advair , Claritin and Xolair .
Recognition
• Ranked No.1 respiratory hospital in the nation for eleven consecutive years by the U.S. News & World Report .
• Rated as one of the world ’s top ten biomedical research centers .
• The Scientist magazine gave credit to this hospital and named it the second best place in the United States for “ postdocs ” to work .
National Jewish Health aims to be in the forefront of a new era of medicine .
Their priority is patient care and their commitment to perform research and treat diseases will benefit patients the world over .
Healthcare industry has advanced in leaps and bounds over the years .
These hospitals that list top on the charts are proof of the effort they put into being in the forefront of this advancement and improving the quality of patient care , by finding new techniques and drugs to treat patients .
Experts wary of Pickens ' clean - energy plan Onetime oilman pushing wind and natural gas with both Democrats , GOP
Boone Pickens , philanthropist and founder of BP Capital speaks during a panel titled " A Conversation with T. Boone Pickens " at the 2008 Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills , California April 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser ( UNITED STATES ) less Boone Pickens , philanthropist and founder of BP Capital speaks during a panel titled " A Conversation with T. Boone Pickens " at the 2008 Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills , California April 29 , ... more Photo : Fred Prouser , Reuters Photo : Fred Prouser , Reuters Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Experts wary of Pickens ' clean - energy plan 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
T. Boone Pickens , the Texas oilman turned clean - energy crusader , knows how to grab the spotlight .
He did it last week at the Democratic National Convention , where he pushed his proposal to spread high - tech windmills across the Great Plains and fuel many of America 's trucks and cars with natural gas .
He plans a repeat performance this week at the Republican National Convention , corralling any party officials and journalists willing to listen .
He 's already had face time with both parties ' presidential candidates , Republican Sen. John McCain and Democratic Sen. Barack Obama .
NBC 's reluctance last week to air one of his energy ads only gave him more publicity .
So will his plan work ?
Energy analysts say parts of it seem plausible , other parts do n't and the timetable is probably unrealistic .
It also would substitute one expensive fossil fuel for another .
Here are the basics of his plan :
Pickens wants to generate at least 20 percent of the nation 's electricity from windmills , replacing electricity from traditional power plants that run on natural gas .
He would take the natural gas that would have been burned in those plants and use it to fuel trucks and cars instead .
That would cut U.S. oil imports by one - third , he estimates , saving the country about $ 230 billion annually .
And he wants to do all this in roughly 10 years .
" We 've got to get off the foreign oil , " said Pickens , in a meeting with Chronicle reporters and editors .
" We have to get our country to the point where we 're working on the problem and we 're not drifting . "
Pickens has extensive financial investments in natural gas and wind power and stands to benefit if the adopts his plan .
But he says it 's the only feasible way to make a quick , deep cut in the $ 700 billion the country spends on imported oil each year , an expense slowly bleeding the economy to death .
( That figure assumes an oil price of $ 142 per barrel .
At today 's price , roughly $ 115 per barrel , the total spent on imports each year would be $ 565 billion . )
" You can forget about health care , education , social security - because we wo n't be able to afford it , " Pickens said .
Energy analysts say the country could eventually get 20 percent of its power from the wind , but probably not in 10 years .
A U.S. Department of Energy study earlier this year found that the country could reach that figure by 2030 - with effort .
" It 's a pretty tall order to put that much wind capacity in place , " said Chuck McGowin , senior project manager at the Electric Power Research Institute in Palo Alto .
$ 1 trillion estimate
Hundreds of thousands of windmills would need to be installed throughout the country 's plains , at a price that Pickens estimates between $ 750 billion and $ 1 trillion .
New transmission lines - worth $ 64 billion to $ 128 billion - would be needed to carry all that power to cities .
The price alone is daunting , although Pickens notes the money would stay in the United States rather than flow to overseas oil producers .
Also complicating matters : Proposed wind farms and transmission lines often run into fierce opposition from neighboring communities , making quick construction unlikely .
" Just getting acceptance from the local populations can be a challenge , and could become more of a challenge in the future if we build out as much as proposed , " said McGowin , whose organization conducts research for electrical utilities .
Even if all those windmills get built , few energy analysts expect the country to stop building new natural gas power plants or close existing ones .
" Those are n't going to go anywhere , " said Ken Medlock , an energy research fellow at Rice University 's James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy .
" We 're not going to back out of gas . "
Natural gas burns cleaner than coal , making it an increasingly popular fuel for power plants .
Gas plants also produce fewer greenhouse gas emissions .
Much like oil , natural gas has experienced wild price spikes in recent years .
Also like oil , natural gas production in the United States peaked decades ago , in 1973 .
Although production has risen sharply in the last two years - the result of high prices - it is still 11.3 percent below the peak of 21.73 trillion cubic feet .
That means converting a large percentage of America 's millions of trucks and cars to run on natural gas could push up the fuel 's price , if gas production and imports do n't rise .
Costly switch for Detroit
The switch also would be expensive for Detroit and for drivers , since vehicles running on compressed natural gas tend to cost about $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 more than similar vehicles burning gasoline .
" It 's not particularly realistic , " said Patricia Monahan , deputy director of the clean vehicles program at the Union of Concerned Scientists .
" It 's going to be a big price tag . "
Monahan considers compressed natural gas an excellent fuel for running small fleets of vehicles , such as buses and garbage trucks .
But she questions the wisdom of trying to replace large amounts of imported oil with another fossil fuel , especially considering that the United States already has to import 19 percent of the natural gas it uses .
" We do n't want to replace one import with another , " Monahan said .
Pickens says the switch to natural gas as a transportation fuel would n't be permanent .
He considers it a temporary measure , lasting perhaps 20 to 30 years before the world moves to some form of electric transportation .
He also says the country will soon have more natural gas at its disposal .
Large underground deposits of natural gas trapped in shale lie beneath Arkansas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Texas and several Appalachian states .
Shale gas deposits are harder to tap than ordinary gas reservoirs , but high prices and advanced technology have triggered a drilling rush .
As a result , Pickens said , U.S. natural gas production will soon top the old , 1973 peak .
" The shale has bailed us out , here , " he said .
" You 'll see natural gas reserves double in the next few years . "
Shale boom predicted
Although their numbers differ , many analysts agree that shale gas development is poised to boom - and increase the U.S. natural gas supply .
Robert Clarke , an analyst with the Wood Mackenzie consulting firm , said gas production from underground U.S. shale deposits could jump 160 percent by 2014 .
" That 's just phenomenal growth , " he said .
" It definitely appears this will raise our total production . "
Some people believe that Nostradamus predicted the Wall Street crash of 1929 .
But a modern age requires modern prophets .
On a Google Finance message board last July , one lone nut predicted a market crash .
" The negative news that will move the market downward should occur September 15 , " he wrote .
That would be today .
This oracle may be raving , but he did predict the future correctly .
" This organization below , " he went on , " runs the show ... "
The Group 's Name : Legatus Its Mission : " To study , live and spread the Faith in our business , professional and personal lives . "
What is it ? : Legatus — Latin for " ambassador " ( and the term for a general in the Roman army ) — is a worldwide networking group " designed exclusively for top- ranking Catholic business leaders . "
Its main stated duty is to bring such leaders together for closed monthly networking meetings .
The group calls itself " the conduit connecting two powerful realities , the challenge of top - tier business leadership and a religious tradition second to none . "
History :
The group was founded in 1987 by Tom Monaghan , the devout Catholic who founded Domino 's Pizza .
It now boasts " thousands " of members throughout America and in Europe .
It 's somewhat reminiscent of Opus Dei , the shadowy Catholic group that starred in The Da Vinci Code .
The Google Nostradamus went by the name of reinhardt ( though his account has now been banned ) .
He ID 'd himself as the author of this conspiracy site as well .
Here are some salient portions of his very extensive posts on the connection between Legatus and our current financial blowup :
Read the entire conspiracy thread here , complete with lots of dates of things that happened in the past .
And Legatus itself ?
Well , it 's not really a secret group .
It 's apparently actively soliciting members .
But there 's no doubt that it has powerful connections , and , like all religiously enthusiastic organizations , is a bit creepy :
So , just a conspiracy - spewing crackpot ?
Yes , " reinhardt " surely is .
Now , someone please explain how he called the date .
Michael Moore Releases Slacker Uprising Free Posted on Tuesday , September 23 2008
Michael Moore has released his movie Slacker Uprising free streaming on a blip.tv flash embed for US and Canadian residents .
I voted against Bush in 2004 , but the film was actually pretty boring and did n't bring anything new to the table .
Slacker Uprising Synopsis
Michael Moore tours several cities in swing states trying to convince them to vote Kerry for the 2004 elections .
The film shows some of Moore 's speeches along with his celebrity and musical guests and an occasional local news coverage of his appearance .
Intentions of the Movie
Moore wants to remind democrats how close they were last election to winning and how the young " slackers " who do n't vote at all should get out to the polls and make the difference .
Review
I had thought he was making a documentary showing all the things corporations have been getting away with in the last four years , but actually it 's about Michael Moore 's tours around the country for the 2004 elections .
Literally it 's just footage of his speeches to different universities and local press conferences when he toured several cities in swing states .
Moore did n't present anything new we had n't been hearing for the last 8 years and he said absolutely nothing about the 2008 candidates .
The format of the video was depressing .
Moore says bring back the troops , kick out bush for a while to a cheering audience , it shows a random musical guest or celebrity then it shows a news caster talking about what the polls show to give a little timeline effect .
While there 's nothing particularly wrong with format , that 's all there is to this film , it just repeats over and over as he tours different cities .
What the heck just happened ?
The blip.tv embed does not allow seeking so I could n't just skip to the end to see if he had something more aggressive or interesting up his sleeve .
Moore is know for stirring up controversy and attacking what he feels are the " bad guys " straight - on .
There was no face - to - face talks and interviews , only speeches to loving supporters and in a few instances , quips to the opposition that also showed up .
He should have made a real documentary or at least critical review of the 2008 candidates , the slacker uprising could have been a dvd extra at best .
Edited footage of him as super hero almost changing the tide in the swing states will only gain support from the hardcore Michael Moore fans .
Moore brags in the film about how 30 - 40 % of republicans that watched Fahrenheit 911 ended up liking it .
The same can not be said for this film .
There is no investigative journalism like his previous documentaries .
It 's Moore talking to his supporters and registered democrats in addition to having the benefit of editing his " best of " moments .
Republicans that watch it will only get annoyed .
The film starts by saying Kerry was in the lead until the Bush admin ran an unfair smear campaign on Kerry .
Kerry did nothing and his popularity dropped among veterans .
Moore countered this pretty well in the movie , but he did n't counter the footage of Kerry saying he would have voted for the war even if he knew the intelligence was false at the time .
A few moments in the film would drive zealous republicans bat - shit - crazy like : allowing a guest to sing the Finland national anthem to a confused crowd that was n't properly told why , his comments on immigration , some of Roseanne 's over the top jokes , and finally Moore insanely accepted , I believe it was , a bronze star that belonged to the grand father of one of the people in an event .
Literally a guy went up and offered a family war metal from a deceased relative .
I cringed as Moore seem to give as little humility to it as someone offering to pay for his dinner , " Really are you sure ?
Wow thanks . "
It 's a waste .
People fight to defend their country but more so to defend their family .
You just can't take something so personal to someone 's family history when its completely meaningless to yours .
Democrats who watch this movie will get bored , since it 's the same rhetoric we 've already heard .
Go watch several of Obama 's speeches or check his website instead of watching this movie .
Republicans who watch it will get annoyed and have more to complain about , further outlining the divisions between the parties that we should instead work to break .
Tags :
More OMFG - Good Links
slacker uprising review , michael moore online movie free , download slacker uprising torrent , youtube , micheal , michel , mikel , synopsis , streaming online , slackeruprising , captain mike across america 2008 Share : See all Posts in the Funny Pictures category .
Download mp3s faster than limewire using google .
I 've made 100 + free video tutorials
See the best of the internet today on one page .
Brad Friedman Byon 9/22/2008 , 2:59 pm PT
-- Brad Friedman , The BRAD BLOG
I sat down with Ohio's Secretary of State , Jennifer Brunner , for an exclusive , detailed , one - on - one interview while in Denver at the Democratic National Convention a few weeks ago .
We chatted for nearly an hour and a half in what was the first opportunity we'd had to speak , in detail , since my interview with her last December , following the release of Ohio 's landmark " EVEREST " testing of e-voting systems finding " critical security failures " on virtually all fronts .
We covered a lot of interesting , and even newsworthy topics in our recent discussion , just published at AlterNet , as the Buckeye State barrels towards either redemption or disaster in the 2008 election .
In my Q&A with the Secretary of State we discuss , among other things :
Challenges and surprises she 's faced since becoming SoS in 2007 , even by constituencies one might think would otherwise be supportive of her ;
Concerns about her tie - breaking decision to move Cuyahoga County ( Cleveland ) to an all paper ballot system , just 73 days before the state 's primary election last March ;
Directives she 's issued ( and will be issueing ) for this year 's general election , such as requiring counties to inform all voters that they may vote on paper ballots ; that there must be two lines created at polling places --- one for those who wish to vote on paper , and another for those who prefer to vote on touch - screen ; the end of voting machine " sleepovers " at poll workers ' houses prior to elections , and other new security requirements ;
Whether or not there has ever been any accountability for so much that went wrong in 2004 in places like Warren County , where press and public were famously locked out of the counting room on Election Night , or in Knox County , where the last vote was not cast at Kenyon College until 4 am on the morning following Election Day ;
Concerns about student access to polling places this year , and steps being taken to try to help assure it ;
Whether citizens may use video cameras in the polling place to document what may go on there this year ;
And beyond all of that : Will Ohio be ready for whatever may come this November , and will it be the Buckeye State again in 2008 , or the " blackeye " state that it became in 2004 ?
As you 'll see , Brunner seems to feel confident that Ohio " will be ready " this year , even as the challenges sure to come will be monumental .
Of course , I hope she 's right .
Undoubtedly , as I hope you 'll agree after reading the piece , the voters of the state --- of all parties --- are surely in far better hands than they were with the criminal J. Kenneth Blackwell ( former SoS , co-chair of Bush / Cheney ' 04 ) at the helm four years ago .
Still , there are many reasons for worry , and I do my best , in the interview , to ask tough questions and push for answers where I can .
As noted in my intro to the Q&A over there , we also discussed a number of more complicated issues , better suited for technical / computer / election junkies ( such as myself , and perhaps readers of The BRAD BLOG . )
I 'll be running the shorter , geekier portions of our interview , in which we discussed lawsuits with Diebold , the future of e-voting and the possibility of hand - counting in Ohio , elsewhere shortly .
[ Update 10/8/08 : That portion of the interview now published at ComputerWorld here ...]
Until then , please go see the main interview at AlterNet , and I 'll look forward to your thoughts on it !
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG's 2008 Election Integrity Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
Midway veep Martin Spiess has said the Xbox 360's performance in some European countries is a concern , and that it's " lagging behind " its competitors .
" I do n't know what it 's like for other companies , but the market is not as big as the US market , so naturally we have lower attachment rates , " Spiess told GamesIndustry.biz .
" But it could be growing to the same size as the US - the only problem we have right now is that we see in certain territories Microsoft is lagging behind .
Sony has become very strong , Nintendo has become very strong , but the Microsoft market in certain territories is concerning . "
Microsoft is well aware of its weakness in certain markets , of course , and recently installed Chris Lewis as head of its Interactive Entertainment Business for Europe , among other measures , to try and address the problem .
Speaking to Eurogamer at GDC earlier this year , Xbox Live boss John Schappert - number two to Don Mattrick , head of the Xbox business - said Southern Europe was a particular concern .
" We look , and we are hitting the ball out of the park in North America , and I think that there 's regions of Europe where we 're not doing as well as we'd like to do , and we have room for improvement , " he said .
" Those are renewed areas and key areas of focus for us . "
If the Penny Arcade Expo has a star , it 's not Gabe or Tycho .
It 's not special guests like MC Frontalot or Wil Wheaton .
It 's not even veritable champions of nerdery like PAX '08 Omegathon winner Joey Gecko .
No , it 's geeky culture itself .
And when we gather to celebrate our own , wackiness invariably ensues .
Much of this year 's revelry came compliments of the always - exciting PAX musical stage .
It was from this locality , for example , that nerd music icon Jonathan Coulton pulled off what may be the world 's largest onstage RickRoll .
Yes , he employed that well - worn meme in an exciting and creative manner , much to the delight of those in attendance .
But PAX '08 also saw the birth of a new and powerful , if oddly specific , meme : The Bad Horse Chorus .
In attendance at this year 's convention was one Miss Felicia Day , also known as Penny of Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog fame .
And whist greeting fans , Felicia was besieged by a trio of mustachioed minstrels compliments of Epic Default Productions .
As if being groomed by Tycho was n't unsettled enough !
EDIT : The Epic Default guys just let me know that they also managed to get G4's Adam Sessler , Jonathan Coulton and Wil Wheaton , and even Gabe and Tycho ( at a Q&A panel ) with this gag .
Apparently the Evil League of Evil is woefully understaffed .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s apparent oil demand grew a strong 7 percent in August from a year earlier , as energy firms made a last month of massive imports to bolster stocks for the Olympics , even as domestic demand started to flag .
The sun sets behind Isla refinery in Willemstad at the island of Curacao June 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jorge Silva
Oil traders and analysts said they were looking beyond the August data , because it masks weak consumption and brimming inventories that together give a far bleaker outlook for demand from the world ’s number two oil consumer .
Fuel piped into storage tanks in China shows up as implied demand because the government does not report stock levels .
This year ’s record shipments , much of which are languishing in tanks , has fed straight through into the apparent consumption figures .
“ There is a lot of inventory to consume , ” said Victor Shum at Purvin & Gertz in Singapore .
“ We are likely to be seeing oil demand growth slowdown in China for the remainder of the year . ”
China ’s economy is feeling the whiplash of the global credit crunch and although it is faring better than most industrialized nations , growth in manufacturing and export industries is flagging , dragging down oil consumption .
Top importer Sinopec has already wrapped up a summer oil - product buying spree , and stocks are so high it plans to cut both crude purchases and refining rates for the rest of the year , a company official said last week .
Several big new refineries coming on - stream this year , including a first for offshore specialist CNOOC , are also cutting the need for transport fuel imports .
RECORD INVENTORIES
Driven by patriotism , government pressure and tax breaks , Sinopec SNP .
N0386.HK and rival PetroChina PTR .
N0857.HK made record fuel imports this summer to guarantee smooth supplies during the Olympics after months of sporadic shortages .
In late July , diesel inventories held by the country ’s two biggest oil firms were nearly double levels a year earlier and up more than a quarter from June , a state - owned newsletter said .
The stockbuilding has given an injection to apparent demand growth , which in July soared to a two year high even as oil hit a record above $ 149 a barrel and China ’s drivers wrestled with a surprise rise in state - set fuel prices .
In the year through August , implied demand -- net imports plus refinery output , but excluding inventory changes -- rose 6.1 percent to 7.39 million barrels per day , the figures showed .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp unveiled on Tuesday the production version of its highly anticipated Chevrolet Volt , a plug - in electric car that is the centerpiece of its effort to move away from gas - guzzling SUVs and recharge sagging sales .
The Chevrolet Volt is displayed at General Motors ' World Headquarters in Detroit , Michigan September 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
Chief Executive Rick Wagoner introduced the small , curvy four - seater at the automaker ’s Detroit headquarters during an event to celebrate GM ’s 100th anniversary .
“ The Volt symbolizes GM ’s commitment to the future -- the kind of technological innovation that our industry needs to respond to today and tomorrow ’s energy and environmental challenges , ” Wagoner said .
In what has been billed as a race with Toyota Motor Corp to be the first to market with a plug - in car , GM has pushed hard to develop the Volt in time for it to hit showrooms in 2010 .
Fanfare surrounding the Volt comes as the No. 1 U.S. automaker has been struggling with flagging sales of less - efficient sport-utility vehicles and pickup trucks amid soaring prices at the pump .
Those high gasoline prices , the credit crunch and a slowing economy have dragged U.S. auto sales down to 15 - year lows .
GM ’s sales in particular were down 18.5 percent in the first eight months of the year .
Fuel - saving hybrid electric cars -- like Toyota ’s popular Prius model -- have been one of the few bright spots for the industry in 2008 so far .
GM is cutting billions of dollars in costs and selling off assets to shore up its finances and weather the downturn .
Despite its troubles , however , GM has charged ahead with the Volt , which is designed to run for 40 miles on a lithium - ion battery pack that can be recharged at a standard electric outlet .
The car also includes a gas tank for trips longer than 40 miles .
GM says the Volt will cost about 2 cents a mile to operate on battery power , compared with 12 cents a mile using gasoline priced at $ 3.60 a gallon .
The carmaker said the Volt will cost 80 cents a day for a full charge , or less than the price of a cup of coffee .
HEFTY PREMIUM
But before they can get those savings , consumers will be expected to pay a hefty premium for a Volt , with recent price estimates ranging between $ 30,000 and $ 50,000 .
GM itself wo n’t say how much it expects to charge for a Volt , but product chief Bob Lutz said he hopes the price tag will be “ nowhere near ” the high end of that range .
He added that the company expects federal and state tax credits to help defray the cost for consumers .
The introduction of thousands of electric vehicles still depends on advances in lithium - ion battery technology and the ability to bring down the cost of that key part .
Batteries have a tendency to overheat , but Lutz said the Volt ’s new generation of lithium batteries does not have that problem .
“ We have had zero problems with the chemistry of the batteries , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
In its first 12 months of production , GM expects to manufacture 10,000 Volt cars in a plant in Detroit , ultimately increasing that to 60,000 a year , Lutz said .
He added that the first Volts should hit GM showroom floors by November 2010 .
By comparison , Toyota sold around 120,000 of its hybrid Prius brand cars in the first eight months of this year alone .
GM sold around 145,000 Cobalt small sedans in the same period .
To increase aerodynamics and help achieve the 40 - mile electric range of the Volt , the production model unveiled on Tuesday is more rounded than the concept version GM introduced in January 2007 .
GM for the first time also showed off the car ’s interior , including a digital touch screen that displays both a fuel gauge and a measure of how much battery power the car has left .
The Volt ’s first iteration will also not be a moneymaker for the company , GM President and Chief Operating Officer Fritz Henderson said .
“ For most of our ( Generation ) 1 technologies , I do n’t know that I have ever seen a situation where we make money , ” Henderson said .
“ I do n’t necessarily think this is going to be the exception . ”
Five billion and counting fast .
That is how many songs have been downloaded since Apple 's iTunes music store flung open its digital doors in 2003 , putting more than 8 million individual tracks within a click and a dollar of anyone with a computer .
It is a phenomenal success .
More than two - thirds of all paid - for downloads are bought from iTunes , and the store is now the biggest music retailer in the US , eclipsing Wal - Mart and other retail chains .
Meanwhile , the symbiotic relationship with Apple 's iPod has brought digital music to even the most technophobic of the masses , and meant that the iPod wiped the floor with competing digital music players .
But will it ever be thus ?
Certainly , beleaguered record labels are stepping up their campaign to undermine iTunes , and rumours are swirling about a dramatic U - turn from Apple 's chief executive , Steve Jobs , over the way the iTunes store operates .
Here 's the fundamental question : what is the point of the iTunes store if music is free ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
First off , there is hardly a majority of record label bosses who think music should be free .
Even if you think that high CD prices reward labels far too generously for their investment in finding and nurturing artists , there is still a case that artists should be paid directly when a consumer takes possession of their music .
But no amount of wailing about " music piracy " has stopped filesharing .
Indeed , it has only become more prevalent as broadband penetration has increased .
" The trend is towards free , " says Arash Amel , head of broadband media and the market research firm Screen Digest .
" There is a view that we are close to a ceiling for the paid - for download market , simply because there are so many ways for consumers to get music for free . "
The value of music sales in the US and Western Europe at the start of the decade was well over € 20bn a year , almost all from CDs .
In 2008 , that will be down to € 13.1bn , of which digital music accounts for € 2.7bn .
In short , revenues from paid - for downloads and online subscription services are not coming close to making up for the decline in CD sales .
And Screen Digest predicts they never will .
The market in 2012 will be € 11.6bn , it calculates , with just € 4.6 bn from digital sales .
" Consumers are showing that they want their music for free , and record labels are finally starting to ask , can we make money from free ? "
Mr Amel said .
He uses the analogy of television programmes , expensive media content that is free to the consumer , paid for via other means , such as advertising .
" So the labels are looking across at the people who are making money under the free model , and that is the device manufacturers such as Apple and Nokia . "
This is why there has been so much talk in recent weeks about iTunes launching an " all you can eat " subscription service in the US , charging users a $ 129.99 - per - year fee for unlimited access to at least half of that 8 million - track music catalogue .
The rumour is , frankly , highly dubious , posted anonymously to several of those Apple fansites where the faithful gather to swap frenzied speculation about what the god - like genius Steve Jobs might unveil next .
But a subscription model for music is being pushed heavily by the record labels , Apple has explored such a service several times in the past , and there is a serious new subscription - based competitor coming on the market which could – only could – threaten sales of Apple 's new iPhone .
For Steve Jobs , it would be a dramatic turnaround .
" People want to own their music , " he said last year .
" Never say never , but customers do n't seem to be interested in it .
The subscription model has failed so far . "
Certainly , early subscription services such as Rhapsody and Napster have failed to take off .
However , many in the tech industry continue to believe that a subscription - based iTunes model is inevitable , and has become more likely thanks to record label acceptance of hybrid business models , which allow consumers to keep some or all of the songs they download at the end of the subscription period .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The last time there were any credible smoke signals from negotiations between record labels and Apple was back in the spring , and it seemed then that both sides were still far apart on price .
Back then , it was mooted that an " all you can eat " iTunes Unlimited subscription would be bundled with sales of new devices , with Apple paying $ 20 per device , to be split according to labels ' market share .
The labels , though , said no , pointing out that Nokia was paying them an estimated four times that for a similar bundled service .
It is that Nokia service that is shaking things up .
The Nokia " Comes With Music " initiative launches before Christmas , selling phones - cum - music players that allow users to download and keep an unlimited amount of music .
Universal , the biggest music label , home to U2 , 50 Cent and Black Eyed Peas , and Sony BMG are enthusiastically backing the service .
A similar service is expected soon from a major telecoms group .
Record label executives characterise the current situation as " experimental " .
Some of the experiments are defensive .
Last week , Warner Music prevented iTunes from selling Estelle 's latest album , Shine , thinking it might boost sales of the physical CD , as it appeared to have done by keeping Kid Rock 's Rock * Roll Jesus album off iTunes .
Apple insists that customers are able to buy all the album tracks individually ; the labels make fatter margins if fans buy the full album .
If that trend takes off – and The Eagles and AC / DC have been down this road too – it will be a very serious blow to iTunes .
Other experiments are more forward - looking .
Three of the four major labels have signed up to support MySpace 's new service which will stream music for free on artists ' pages on the social networking site , in return for sharing advertising revenues .
They also supply music to the iTunes rival Amazon , which is selling downloads free of the digital locks that prevent many iTunes songs from being played on devices other than the iPod .
For the moment , Apple 's iTunes store is as dominant as the iPod .
For the future ... well , that 's in flux .
At Get Niche , we take great brand opportunities and give them an identity .
For every domain offered through our marketplace , we have carefully considered brandability , viability , and of course profitability .
Our primary goal is to hold and grow each domain / website through premium content creation and offer profitable digital assets to customers interested in generating significant passive income through internet marketing .
Our secondary goal is to offer domains for sale to the larger community of start - ups who may find use for them before we 're able to realize our vision .
As such , our domains demand a premium price tag representative of our underlying interest and expectation for their future potential through our primary efforts .
Confronting questions about whether John McCain stole an inspiring POW story from the autobiography of a former Soviet prisoner , a campaign spokesman threw out this melee attack against a much - maligned geek pastime :
" It may be typical of the pro-Obama Dungeons & Dragons crowd to disparage a fellow countryman 's memory of war from the comfort of mom's basement , " said McCain aide Michael Goldfarb , in a posting to the campaign website .
" But most Americans have the humility and gratitude to respect and learn from the memories of men who suffered on behalf of others . "
Ouch .
I 'd take offense , but I have a saving - throw to make , and the dim light in this basement is making it hard to see the D20 .
Naturally , gamers are not amused by the McCain campaign 's quick resort to ' 80s - era cultural stereotypes – once McCain masters the internet , we 're confident he 'll contemporize and start bashing video gamers instead .
But it does raise the obvious question :
If John McCain were a D&D character , what kind would he be ?
Our money is on some sort of shape - shifting offshore drill monster .
But what you do think ?
Submit your McCain inspired D&D creature below :
Pick a name , decide what kind of damage he can inflict in combat , and do n't forget his special powers .
Vote on your favorites .
Threat Level will incorporate the winning entry into our next dungeon map , which is set in the vast caverns lurking beneath the Old Executive Office Building .
( Hat - tip : BoingBoing .
Image : Kevin Poulsen / Wired.com )
IN TERMS of foreign press coverage per head of population , probably no country in the world gets as raw a deal as Bangladesh .
It has some 150 m people .
Yet if it features in the international media it tends to be either as the scene of an appalling natural disaster — flood or cyclone — or as the crucible for one of the great experiments in microcredit .
Its politics tend to be ignored .
This is surprising , since it is a bastion of moderate Islam , which , like other moderate Muslim countries , such as Pakistan and Indonesia , has been prey to an extremist fringe .
India accuses it of harbouring groups plotting secession in its north - eastern states and , at times , of training terrorists who mount attacks elsewhere in India .
AFP
Prisoners are transported to jail in Dhaka
Outside the subcontinent , however , few pay much attention .
This is just as well for the “ interim ” administration , which took power in January 2007 with the backing of the army .
The state of emergency it imposed then is still in force .
This has allowed for some outrageous abuses .
According to Odhikar , a Bangladeshi human - rights group , 68 people died in extrajudicial killings ( often called “ crossfire ” ) in the first half of this year .
Torture is endemic .
The government also quietly adopted a new counter - terrorism ordinance last month , without debate .
Human Rights
Watch , a research and lobbying group , says it violates fundamental freedoms .
Last month , after the breakdown of talks between the government and the political parties on the election promised for December , about 28,000 political activists were detained .
The country 's 68 prisons are designed to hold 27,368 people , but they were crammed with 87,579 prisoners in late June , according to the government .
Some convicted prisoners are being freed prematurely to make room for these unconnected — and uncharged — political detainees .
There two main reasons why all this is so widely overlooked .
The first is that when the army intervened in January 2007 , most Bangladeshis were relieved ( as were aid donors ) .
The two main political parties — the Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) and the Awami League — seemed incapable of managing an orderly transfer of power .
So the voices that might draw attention to the government 's abuses have been muted .
Secondly , the previous , BNP - led , government did not like the foreign press , and made it very hard for journalists to visit .
It succeeded in removing Bangladesh from the international news agenda .
A modest attempt to draw attention to Bangladesh 's predicament was staged on June 27th in the unlikely setting of the House of Lords in London .
In the Moses Room , dwarfed by the huge painting of the Old Testament prophet bringing God 's laws down from the top of the mountain , Lord Avebury , a British peer , chaired a seminar on “ political dialogue and the way forward to elections ” in Bangladesh .
Since Britain is both the former colonial power and has around 250,000 citizens of Bangladeshi origin , it is not surprising that its parliamentarians should take an interest in the country .
Indeed , it is perhaps more surprising that the seminar was sparsely attended .
One speaker , Saber Hossain Chowdhury , an Awami League leader , professed to see light at the end of the tunnel .
The League is about to re-enter talks with the government .
There seems a good chance that local and parliamentary elections will proceed .
It is hard , however , to see how they can be free or fair , while emergency rule in still in place .
The seminar adopted a unanimous resolution calling for an immediate end to the state of emergency .
Naturally , this was not widely reported .
Despite George W. Bush ’s claim that he ’s “ truly not that concerned ” about Osama bin Laden , the administration is erecting 10 “ Wanted ” billboards in Afghanistan , offering rewards of $ 25 million for bin Laden , $ 10 million for Taliban leader Mullah Omar , and $ 1 million for Adam Gadahn , an American member of Al Qaeda , now listed as a “ top terrorist . ”
That ’s 10 nice , big , literal signs that the administration is waking up , only seven years after 9/11 and the American “ victory ” that followed , to its “ forgotten war . ”
When I wrote this piece for TomDispatch in February 2007 , I ’d been working intermittently since 2002 with women in Afghanistan  women the Bush administration claimed to have “ liberated ” by that victory .
In all those years , despite some dramatic changes on paper , the real lives of most Afghan women did n’t change a bit , and many actually worsened thanks to the residual widespread infection of men ’s minds by germs of Taliban “ thought . ”
Today , Afghanistan is the only country in the world where women outdo men when it comes to suicide .
To transfer those changes from paper to the people , “ victory ” in Afghanistan should have been followed by the deployment of troops in sufficient numbers to ensure security .
Securing the countryside might have enabled the Karzai government installed in the Afghan capital , Kabul , to extend its authority while international humanitarian organizations helped Afghans rebuild their country .
As everyone knows , of course , that ’s hardly what happened .
Now , a promised new American surge in Afghanistan threatens to be too much , too late .
Bent on victory again , Americans are easily manipulated by false information to call in air strikes and wipe out whole villages  men , women , and children  even with no enemy in sight .
( In 2007 alone , the U.S. dropped about a million pounds of bombs on the Afghan countryside . )
Just the other day , masses of men took to the streets to protest the death of 95 civilians , including 19 women and 60 children .
Masses of men once grateful to the U.S. for overthrowing the Taliban , and hopeful of American help in rebuilding the country , are now turning against the Bush administration ’s ever more lethal occupation .
You do n’t see women among the protesters because they are at home behind closed doors , confined , just as they were before the American “ liberation . ”
The war against the Taliban took a brief intermission after that American “ victory , ” but the war against women went on without interruption .
Earlier this year Womankind Worldwide , a British nongovernmental organization , issued a report entitled “ Taking Stock : Afghan Women and Girls Seven Years On . ”
The news ?
Violence against women is “ epidemic . ”
Eighty - seven percent of women complain of domestic violence .
Half of those cases involve sexual violence .
Sixty percent of marriages are still forced .
Fifty - seven percent of brides are still under the legal age of 16 .
What would you call this massive use of force , complete with torture , if not “ war ”  an ongoing war against women .
The current state of Afghanistan ’s female parliamentarians reveals a lot about the real conditions of women in that country .
Many of them have proven to be merely the servants of the warlords who paid for their election campaigns .
On the other hand , a few , the independent outspoken ones working for change , come under relentless attack .
Malalai Joya , who famously ( and rightly ) denounced some of her colleagues as war criminals , was expelled and threatened with death .
Shukria Barakzai , injured in a suicide bombing last November that killed six other parliamentarians , has now earned a suicide bomber of her own .
She complained recently that while Parliament has sent her letters for the past three months informing her that she is the potential target of a suicide bomber , it has n’t offered to protect her .
When her complaint reached the internet , an Afghan man ( apparently safe in Canada ) responded that she should stay home and raise sons who could “ do something ” for Afghanistan .
He called her a “ cowhead . ”
That may be one step up from “ cow , ” but it ’s still a long way from human being .
Ann Jones , August 2008
Not the Same as Being Equal
Women in Afghanistan
By Ann Jones
Born in Afghanistan but raised in the United States , like many in the worldwide Afghan Diaspora , Manizha Naderi is devoted to helping her homeland .
For years she worked with Women for Afghan Women , a New York based organization serving Afghan women wherever they may be .
Last fall , she returned to Kabul , the capital , to try to create a Family Guidance Center .
Its goal was to rescue women  and their families  from homemade violence .
It ’s tough work .
After three decades of almost constant warfare , most citizens are programmed to answer the slightest challenge with violence .
In Afghanistan it ’s the default response .
Manizha Naderi has been sizing up the problem in the capital and last week she sent me a copy of her report .
A key passage went like this :
“ During the past year , a rash of reports on the situation of women in Afghanistan has been issued by Afghan governmental agencies and by foreign and local non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) that claim a particular interest in women ’s rights or in Afghanistan or both .
More reports are in the offing .
What has sparked them is the dire situation of women in the country , the systematic violations of their human rights , and the failure of concerned parties to achieve significant improvements by providing women with legal protections rooted in a capable , honest , and stable judiciary system , education and employment opportunities , safety from violence , much of it savage , and protection from hidebound customs originating in the conviction that women are the property of men . ”
I ’d hoped for better news .
Instead , her report brought back so many things I ’d seen for myself during the last five years spent , off and on , in her country .
****
Last year in Herat , as I was walking with an Afghan colleague to a meeting on women ’s rights , I spotted an ice cream vendor in the hot , dusty street .
I rushed ahead and returned with two cones of lemony ice .
I held one out to my friend .
“ Forgive me , ” she said .
“ I can ’t . ”
She was wearing a burqa .
It was a stupid mistake .
I ’d been in Afghanistan a long time , in the company every day of women encased from head to toe in pleated polyester body bags .
Occasionally I put one on myself , just to get the feel of being stifled in the sweaty sack , blind behind the mesh eye mask .
I ’d watched women trip on their burqas and fall .
I ’d watched women collide with cars they could n’t see .
I knew a woman badly burned when her burqa caught fire .
I knew another who suffered a near - fatal skull fracture when her burqa snagged in a taxi door and slammed her to the pavement as the vehicle sped away .
But I ’d never before noted this fact : it is not possible for a woman wearing a burqa to eat an ice cream cone .
We gave the cones away to passing children and laughed about it , but to me it was the saddest thing .
****
Ever since the United States invaded Afghanistan in 2001 , George W. Bush has boasted of “ liberating ” Afghan women from the Taliban and the burqa .
His wife Laura , after a publicity junket to Afghanistan in 2005 , appeared on Jay Leno ’s show to say that she had n’t seen a single woman wearing a burqa .
But these are the sorts of wildly optimistic self - delusions that have made Bush notorious .
His wife , whose visit to Afghanistan lasted almost six hours , spent much of that time at the American air base and none of it in the Afghan streets where most women , to this day , go about in big blue bags .
It ’s true that after the fall of the Taliban lots of women in the capital went back to work in schools , hospitals , and government ministries , while others found better paying jobs with international humanitarian agencies .
In 2005 , thanks to a quota system imposed by the international community , women took 27 % of the seats in the lower house of the new parliament , a greater percentage than women enjoy in most Western legislatures , including our own .
Yet these hopeful developments are misleading .
The fact is that the “ liberation ” of Afghan women is mostly theoretical .
The Afghan Constitution adopted in 2004 declares that “ The Citizens of Afghanistan  whether man or woman  have equal Rights and Duties before the Law . ”
But what law ?
The judicial system  ultra - conservative , inadequate , incompetent , and notoriously corrupt  usually bases decisions on idiosyncratic interpretations of Islamic Sharia , tribal customary codes , or simple bribery .
And legal “ scholars ” instruct women that having “ equal Rights and Duties ” is not the same as being equal to men .
Post - Taliban Afghanistan , under President Hamid Karzai , also ratified key international agreements on human rights : the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the International Treaty of Civil and Political Rights , and CEDAW : the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women .
Like the Constitution , these essential documents provide a foundation for realizing the human rights of women .
But building on that paper foundation  amid poverty , illiteracy , misogyny , and ongoing warfare  is something else again .
That ’s why , for the great majority of Afghan women , life has scarcely changed at all .
That ’s why even an educated and informed leader like my colleague , on her way to a UN agency to work on women ’s rights , is still unable to eat an ice cream cone .
****
For most Afghan women the burqa is the least of their problems .
Afghanistan is just about the poorest country in the world .
Only Burkina Faso and Niger sometimes get worse ratings .
After nearly three decades of warfare and another of drought , millions of Afghans are without safe water or sanitation or electricity , even in the capital city .
Millions are without adequate food and nutrition .
Millions have access only to the most rudimentary health care , or none at all .
Diseases such as TB and polio , long eradicated in most of the world , flourish here .
They hit women and children hard .
One in four children dies before the age of five , mostly from preventable illnesses such as cholera and diarrhea .
Half of all women of childbearing age who die do so in childbirth , giving Afghanistan one of the highest maternal death rates in the world .
Average life expectancy hovers around 42 years .
Notice that we ’re still talking women ’s rights here : the fundamental economic and social rights that belong to all human beings .
There are other grim statistics .
About 85 % of Afghan women are illiterate .
About 95 % are routinely subjected to violence in the home .
And the home is where most Afghan women in rural areas , and many in cities , are still customarily confined .
Public space and public life belong almost exclusively to men .
President Karzai heads the country while his wife , a qualified gynecologist with needed skills , stays at home .
These facts are well known .
During more than five years of Western occupation , they have n’t changed .
Afghan women and girls are , by custom and practice , the property of men .
They may be traded and sold like any commodity .
Although Afghan law sets the minimum marriageable age for girls at sixteen , girls as young as eight or nine are commonly sold into marriage .
Women doctors in Kabul maternity hospitals describe terrible life - threatening “ wedding night ” injuries that husbands inflict on child brides .
In the countryside , far from medical help , such girls die .
Under the tribal code of the Pashtuns , the dominant ethnic group , men customarily hand over women and girls  surplus sisters or widows , daughters or nieces  to other men to make amends for some offense or to pay off some indebtedness , often to a drug lord .
To Pashtuns the trade - off is a means of maintaining “ justice ” and social harmony , but international human rights observers define what happens to the women and girls used in such “ conflict resolution ” as “ slavery . ”
Given the rigid confinement of women , a surprising number try to escape .
But any woman on her own outside the home is assumed to be guilty of the crime of “ zina ”  engaging in sexual activity .
That ’s why “ running away ” is itself a crime .
One crime presupposes the other .
When she is caught , as most runaways are , she may be taken to jail for an indefinite term or returned to her husband or father or brothers who may then murder her to restore the family honor .
The same thing happens to a rape victim , force being no excuse for sexual contact  unless she is married to the man who raped her .
In that case , she can be raped as often as he likes .
In Kabul , where women and girls move about more freely , many are snatched by traffickers and sold into sexual slavery .
The traffickers are seldom pursued or punished because once a girl is abducted she is as good as dead anyway , even to loving parents bound by the code of honor .
The weeping mother of a kidnapped teenage girl once told me , “ I pray she does not come back because my husband will have to kill her . ”
Many a girl kills herself .
To escape beatings or sexual abuse or forced marriage .
To escape prison or honor killing , if she ’s been seduced or raped or falsely accused .
To escape life , if she ’s been forbidden to marry the man she would choose for herself .
Suicide also brings dishonor , so families cover it up .
Only when city girls try to kill themselves by setting themselves on fire do their cases become known , for if they do not die at once , they may be taken to hospital .
In 2003 , scores of cases of self - immolation were reported in the city of Herat ; the following year , as many were recorded in Kabul .
Although such incidents are notoriously underreported , during the past year 150 cases were noted in western Afghanistan , 197 in Herat , and at least 34 in the south .
The customary codes and traditional practices that made life unbearable for these burned girls predate the Taliban , and they remain in force today , side by side with the new constitution and international documents that speak of women ’s rights .
Tune in to a Kabul television station and you ’ll see evidence that Afghan women are poised at a particularly schizophrenic moment in their history .
Watching televised parliamentary sessions , you ’ll see women who not only sit side by side with men  a dangerous , generally forbidden proximity  but actually rise to argue with them .
Yet who can forget poor murdered Shaima , the lively , youthful presenter of a popular TV chat show for young people ?
Her father and brother killed her , or so men and women say approvingly , because they found her job shameful .
Mullahs and public officials issue edicts from time to time condemning women on television , or television itself .
****
Many people believe the key to improving life for women , and all Afghans , is education , particularly because so many among Afghanistan ’s educated elite left the country during its decades of wars .
So the international community invests in education projects  building schools , printing textbooks , teaching teachers , organizing literacy classes for women  and the Bush administration in particular boasts that five million children now go to school .
But that ’s fewer than half the kids of school age , and less than a third of the girls .
The highest enrollments are in cities  85 % of children in Kabul  while , in the Pashtun south , enrollments drop below 20 % overall and near zero for girls .
More than half the students enrolled in school live in Kabul and its environs , yet even there an estimated 60,000 children are not in school , but in the streets , working as vendors , trash - pickers , beggars , or thieves .
None of this is new .
For a century , Afghan rulers  from kings to communists  have tried to unveil women and advance education .
In the 1970s and 1980s , many women in the capital went about freely , without veils .
They worked in offices , schools , hospitals .
They went to university and became doctors , nurses , teachers , judges , engineers .
They drove their own cars .
They wore Western fashions and traveled abroad .
But when Kabul ’s communists called for universal education throughout the country , provincial conservatives opposed to educating women rebelled .
Afghan women of the Kabul elite have n’t yet caught up to where they were thirty - five years ago .
But once again ultra -conservatives are up in arms .
This time it ’s the Taliban , back in force throughout the southern half of the country .
Among their tactics : blowing up or burning schools ( 150 in 2005 , 198 in 2006 ) and murdering teachers , especially women who teach girls .
UNICEF estimates that in four southern provinces more than half the schools  380 out of 748  no longer provide any education at all .
Last September the Taliban shot down the middle - aged woman who headed the provincial office for women ’s affairs in Kandahar .
A few brave colleagues went back to the office in body armor , knowing it would not save them .
Now , in the southern provinces  more than half the country  women and girls stay home .
I blame George W. Bush , the “ liberator ” who looked the other way .
In 2001 , the United States military claimed responsibility for these provinces , the heart of Taliban country ; but diverted to adventures in the oilfields of Iraq , it failed for five years to provide the security international humanitarians needed to do the promised work of reconstruction .
Afghans grew discouraged .
Last summer , when the U.S. handed the job to NATO , British and Canadian “ peacekeepers ” walked right into war with the resurgent Taliban .
By year ’s end , more than 4,000 Afghans were dead  Taliban , “ suspected ” insurgents , and civilians .
Speaking recently of dead women and children  trapped between U.S. bombers and NATO troops on the one hand and Taliban forces backed ( unofficially ) by Pakistan on the other  President Karzai began to weep .
It ’s winter in Afghanistan now .
No time to make war .
But come spring , the Taliban promise a new offensive to throw out Karzai and foreign invaders .
The British commander of NATO forces has already warned : “ We could actually fail here . ”
He also advised a British reporter that Westerners should n’t even mention women ’s rights when more important things are at stake .
As if security is not a woman ’s right .
And peace .
Come spring , Afghan women could lose it all .
Writer / photographer
Ann Jones is now working as a volunteer with the Gender - Based Violence unit of the International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) on “ A Global Crescendo : Women ’s Voices from Conflict Zones , ” the special women ’s advocacy project she described in “ Me , I ’m a Camera , ” a post from war - torn Africa for TomDispatch .
Jones was a humanitarian aid worker in Afghanistan periodically from 2002 to 2006 , and is the author of Kabul in Winter : Life Without Peace in Afghanistan .
The New York Times described her book as “ a work of impassioned reportage ?
eloquent and persuasive . ”
That ’s journalese for :
What she saw in Afghanistan really made her mad .
To view Jones ’s photos of Afghan women , visit her website .
Copyright 2007 & 2008 Ann Jones
" There 's money when there 's a crisis . . . and we have a legitimate crisis here , " he said , pointing overhead to an I - 95 bridge that was closed for three days in March because of a cracked support column .
" We have to get about doing this . "
Google owns video site YouTube Google must divulge the viewing habits of every user who has ever watched any video on YouTube , a US court has ruled .
The ruling comes as part of Google 's legal battle with Viacom over allegations of copyright infringement .
Digital rights group the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) called the ruling a " set - back to privacy rights " .
The viewing log , which will be handed to Viacom , contains the log -in ID of users , the computer IP address ( online identifier ) and video clip details .
While the legal battle between the two firms is being contested in the US , it is thought the ruling will apply to YouTube users and their viewing habits everywhere .
Viacom , which owns MTV and Paramount Pictures , has alleged that YouTube is guilty of massive copyright infringement .
The UK's Premier League association is also seeking class action status with Viacom on the issue , alleging YouTube , which was bought by Google in 2006 , has been used to watch football highlights .
Legal action
When it initiated legal action in March 2007 Viacom said it had identified about 160,000 unauthorised clips of its programmes on the website , which had been viewed more than 1.5 billion times .
Following the launch of its billion - dollar lawsuit , YouTube introduced filtering tools in an effort to prevent content that infringes copyright from appearing on the site .
We urge Viacom to back off this overbroad request
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Q&A : What does this ruling mean ?
Send us your comments
The US court declined Viacom 's request that Google be forced to hand over the source code of YouTube , saying it was a " trade secret " that should not be disclosed .
But it said privacy concerns expressed by Google about handing over the log were " speculative " .
Google 's senior litigation counsel Catherine Lacavera said in a statement : " We are disappointed the court granted Viacom 's over - reaching demand for viewing history .
" We will ask Viacom to respect users ' privacy and allow us to anonymise the logs before producing them under the court 's order . "
The ruling will see the viewing habits of millions of YouTube users given to Viacom , totalling more than 12 terabytes of data .
Viacom said it wanted the data to " compare the attractiveness of allegedly infringing video with that of non-infringing videos . "
YouTube and Google had " compelled " it to go to court , Viacom said , " by continuing to defend their illegal and irresponsible conduct and profiting from copyright infringement , when they could be implementing the safe and legal user generated content experience they promise " .
It said it would not be asking for any " personally identifiable information " of any user .
" Any information that we or our outside advisors obtain will be used exclusively for the purpose of proving our case against You Tube and Google ( and ) will be handled subject to a court protective order and in a highly confidential manner . "
' Erroneous ruling ' Leading privacy expert Simon Davies told BBC
News that the privacy of millions of YouTube users was threatened .
The chickens have come home to roost for Google
Simon Davies , privacy expert
He said : " The chickens have come home to roost for Google .
" Their arrogance and refusal to listen to friendly advice has resulted in the privacy of tens of millions being placed under threat . "
Mr Davies said privacy campaigners had warned Google for years that IP addresses were personally identifiable information .
Google pledged last year to anonymise IP addresses for search information but it has said nothing about YouTube data .
Mr Davies said : " Governments and organisations are realising that companies like Google have a warehouse full of data .
And while that data is stored it is under threat of being used and putting privacy in danger . "
The EFF said : " The Court 's erroneous ruling is a set - back to privacy rights , and will allow Viacom to see what you are watching on YouTube .
" We urge Viacom to back off this overbroad request and Google to take all steps necessary to challenge this order and protect the rights of its users . "
The body said the ruling was also potentially unlawful because the log data did contain personally identifiable data .
The court also ruled that Google disclose to Viacom the details of all videos that have been removed from the site for any reason .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Here is a recap of the top Ruby - related links for the month of August 2008 .
Links for The Rubyist are provided by A Rubyist Railstastic Adventure , a tumblelog .
This entry was posted on Monday , September 8th , 2008 at 12:07 amand is filed under .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
JOHN MCCAIN : So let me make my point clear again .
I thought that Roe v. Wade was a bad decision , and I continue to believe that .
GLAMOUR : And , to make sure that --
JM : That 's my position .
No , no .
That 's my position .
And that will remain my position ....
So let 's move on to the next question .
GLAMOUR : Well , I do want to just make sure that I understand --
JM : No , no .
Let 's move on to the next question , otherwise then we can't continue the interview .
GLAMOUR : OK ....
When we discussed it last time , you did mention that you support --
JM : I want to go forward with the next question .
And this is the last time I 'd like to say that , OK ?
About the just - leaked Google Chrome browser :
Google also say they ’re using a “ multi- process design ” which they say means “ a bit more memory up front ” but over time also “ less memory bloat . ”
When web pages or plug - ins do use a lot of memory , you can spot them in Chrome ’s task manager , “ placing blame where blame belongs . ”
If this is true and there ’s a process manager which allows you to see how many resources are being consumed by a particular browser tab ( including plugins ! ) this will be a 100 % killer browser feature .
It simply is n’t possible to implement with current browser architectures which brings up two points :
1 ) Browsers have n’t tackled it due to the extreme amount of code rewrite that it would cause and 2 ) that there ’s a general consensus that this architecture will actually consume more resources than the current architectures .
This is important .
Since there ’s no sharing going on between the tabs of the browser it ’s not possible to easily reduce the amount of duplicate resources .
For example , within the Mozilla Gecko engine there ’s a lot of code reuse occurring , which allows for significantly reduced memory consumption ( and optimized memory collection and defragmentation ) .
But here ’s the rub .
The blame of bad performance or memory consumption no longer lies with the browser but with the site .
By implementing this feature a browser is completely deflecting all memory or performance criticism off to individual site owners ( “ Yikes , my browser is using 300 MB of memory !
Actually it ’s just youtube.com consuming 290 MB of it , they should fix their web site ! ” ) .
This is going to be a monumental shift in the responsibilities of web developers – and one that will serve the web better , as a whole .
Of course there will still be overhead associated with the core browser – but , presumably , this will be marginalized .
This is an incredibly devious ( in the best sense of the word ) tactic and it ’s one that browser vendors will be forced to respond to .
How the response will occur is another matter entirely .
Once the response occurs , though , two things will happen : Browsers will begin to compete on reducing specific memory / performance numbers for specific sites ( it happens now – but with the numbers made obvious users will beg for it ) and browsers will be enticed to lie .
Since the browser is the new harbinger of the de-facto “ accurate performance metrics ” ( it ’s no longer the Window Process Manager , for example ) they ’ll have to take every opportunity to exaggerate those number to their benefit .
On so many levels this new feature will change the way browsers are constructed and how they communicate to the user .
Even if Google Chrome launch does nothing but fall off the end of the runway in a fiery explosion , users will be intrigued , and the seed will be planted : Browsers must find a way to respond .
Update : A screenshot has been posted showing the task manager :
It ’s quite small ( and , seemingly , quite spartan ) but it appears to detail three properties of every tab : CPU usage , memory usage , and network usage .
It ’s going to be fascinating to see what type of user - centric UIs come around this .
Tabs that use a lot of CPU turn red ?
if they consume a lot of memory they grow larger ?
It seems like there ’s a bunch of ways in which the quality of the tabs could be appropriately communicated .
Ben Popken
The Consumerist
September 24 , 2008
Ryan wanted to order new Comcast service but balked at their request for a Social Security number .
When he asked why they needed it , the Comcast chat rep said " The Patriot Act " required it .
That does n’t sound right to us , or to Ryan .
His story and full screenshot of the chat , inside …
UPDATE 1:How To Get Utilities And Phone Service Without Giving Up Your SSN
UPDATE 2 : Comcast Admits Error In Requiring SSN Under " Patriot Act "
Ryan writes :
After completing the order procedure on their website I was directed to a live chat window .
After waiting about twenty minuets a Analyst joined the chat .
She immediately requested I provide my Social security number in order to open a new account .
I refused to provide my SSN and asked for details as to why it was required .
Her answer is that the Patriot Act requires them to get my Social Security number .
As you can see in the transcript I attached , she referred me to their legal department .
I actually asked for the phone number five to ten seconds before she closed the chat .
But when I viewed the chat transcript it says the chat was closed before I asked .
That is a neat trick .
Can what she told me actually be true ?
… I do n’t believe [ the Patriot Act ] requires me to provide my SSN just to get Internet service .
I think the Comcast rep somehow thinks that Comcast falls under the " Know Your Customer " clause of the Patriot Act .
As far as I understand it , that only applies to financial companies or financial intermediaries , neither of which I believe Comcast qualifies as .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
by Lynn Schofield Clark
I woke up at 4:30 this morning in a tense sweat .
It was n’t due to the usual university professor stresses of a new school year , though , or worries about my kid ’s various activities .
Today , my concerns were n’t about my own overcommitted life : they were about Sarah Palin’s .
Here ’s a woman who , according to the Republican pundits , should be celebrated by working women like me .
She ’s juggling kids and a demanding job , like me .
She ’s competent , articulate , and clearly ambitious .
She has a wonderful family and beautiful kids .
Lots of women I know fit that description .
She , pundits would lead us to believe , will understand our life experiences .
But actually , I find Sarah Palin rather frightening .
This woman strikes me as more autocratic in her leadership style , more self - centered , and more mean - spirited than many of her male counterparts – and she is using her femininity to get away with being this way .
Sarah Palin seems to relish looking as if she can “ do it all ” — and in the true ( and truly false ) American ideology of individualism , she seems to like to look as if she can do it with no help .
Make no mistake , though ; this is not a feminist position .
This is against everything that feminism has noted about how much our SYSTEM makes it difficult to juggle the demands of home and family for both women and men .
It ’s not that men working and women caring for the household is the natural order of things , as fundamentalists would have us believe ; it ’s that the system demands such full - fledged attention of its workers that it ’s almost impossible for us to have any other arrangement .
That ’s why I think asking about who cares for her kids is a valid question , and not an anti-feminist one : feminists acknowledge that SOMEONE needs to do the caregiving .
The feminist point is that it does n’t have to be the mom , or the mom alone .
It can be the dad , and the grandma , and others , too .
In other words , as Hillary Clinton has said , IT TAKES A VILLAGE .
The fact that Sarah Palin refuses to acknowledge the village that makes her own life possible is what makes her anti-feminist , in my view .
The fact is , if she had to acknowledge it , she ’d be asked uncomfortable questions , such as why does n’t she extend to others the same benefits of support that she herself enjoys – say , to single mothers , and disadvantaged families ?
Why should n’t women ( and men ) who have had less good fortune have support when they run into difficulties ?
Such questions would point to the fact that Sarah Palin ’s views and policies are not only anti-feminist , but are deeply self - centered and callous .
And those are not attractive qualities in anyone , female or male .
I ’m shocked that the same people who mock Michelle Obama can somehow find something redeeming in a woman who discounts the importance of community .
How in the world could a woman like Sarah Palin do all she does without a community organized behind her ?
But I ’m especially angry that the Republicans are able to pretend to be so feminist in supporting a woman , and yet they cautiously avoided any images of her husband holding the new baby ( it was Cindy McCain who held him during her speech ) .
The worst thing for them would be if Palin came across as emasculating .
And yet , is n’t it possible for men to support women without sacrificing their manhood ?
Is n’t that , too , a feminist position ?
This is central to I think what makes Sarah Palin scary .
Her very support system is a secret .
Who does she listen to ?
We do n’t know .
How does she manage her various roles and commitments ?
We do n’t know .
There ’s a lot we do n’t know about this woman .
But one thing I know so far : she ’s no feminist .
Lynn Clark is an Associate Professor at the University of Denver ’s Department of Mass Communications , where she oversees several research teams and teach courses for aspiring journalists , journalism educators , and media researchers in media studies , new media , media history , civic engagement , service learning , qualitative ( interview - based ) research methods , and the music industry .
She ’s also Director of the Estlow International Center for Journalism and New Media , where she spends a lot of time writing ( as you can see on the Estlow Center Web site ) .
TOYAKO , Japan ( Reuters ) - Environmental groups slammed rich nations ’ leaders for ducking their leadership responsibilities when they addressed global warming at a summit on Tuesday , with WWF saying the lack of progress was “ pathetic ” .
Protesters shout slogans at a march against the G8 Hokkaido Toyako Summit in Sapporo , July 8 , 2008 .
Environmental groups slammed rich nations ' leaders for ducking their leadership responsibilities when they addressed global warming at a summit on Tuesday , with WWF saying the lack of progress was " pathetic " .
REUTERS / Kim Kyung - Hoon
“ The G8 are responsible for 62 percent of the carbon dioxide accumulated in the Earth ’s atmosphere , which makes them the main culprit of climate change and the biggest part of the problem , ” WWF said after the G8 issued a communique on climate change .
“ WWF finds it pathetic that they still duck their historic responsibility , ” the campaign group said in a statement .
Earlier , Group of Eight G8 leaders meeting in northern Japan said they would work with nearly 200 states in the United Nations climate change talks to adopt a goal of at least halving greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
They also said midterm goals -- such as the EU ’s plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions by at least 20 percent from 1990 levels by 2020 -- would be needed to achieve that target .
Leaders said the statement represented progress by the G8 on addressing climate change .
“ At Heiligendamm , only six countries were recommending a 50 percent global greenhouse goal by 2050 , ” said Carolyn Olsen , chief spokeswoman for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
“ Now all G8 countries are calling on the world to adopt a 50 percent by 2050 goal , and they have called for ambitious mid-term goals from all G8 countries and meaningful contributions from all major economies .
This is major progress since last year . ”
But campaigners criticized the lack of a commitment to midterm targets and said the 2050 goal was insufficient because many scientists say emissions cuts bigger than 50 percent are needed to offset potentially devastating climate change .
“ This is a complete failure of responsibility .
They have n’t moved forward at all .
They ’ve ducked the responsibility of adopting clear midterm targets and even the 2050 target is not a single thing more than what we got in Heiligendamm , ” said Daniel Mittler , political adviser for Greenpeace International , referring to the German town where last year ’s G8 was held .
“ Now we ’re one year after Heiligendamm when they pledged quick and decisive action and all they come up with is ‘ yes , we ’ll discuss it at the U.N. ’ , that ’s just not good enough , ” he told Reuters .
“ This is the result of an oil man preventing the world from moving forward one last time , and the only good news is that this will be Bush ’s last G8 summit . ”
Oxfam said the G8 climate agreement threatened the world ’s poor .
“ Rather than a breakthrough , the G8 ’s announcement on 2050 is another stalling tactic that does nothing to lower the risk faced by millions of poor people right now , ” said Oxfam spokesman Antonio Hill .
UK - based development agency Tearfund also said the G8 was dithering .
“ The G8 are crawling forward on emissions cuts at a time when giant leaps and bounds are needed , ” Peter Grant , Tearfund ’s international director , said .
“ To do little more than restate last year ’s G8 commitment to halve emissions by 2050 is a very disappointing outcome , demonstrating a lack of leadership and vision . ”
Jury acquits former Marine in killing of Iraqis Associated Press
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This By CHELSEA J. CARTER , Associated Press Writer
RIVERSIDE , Calif . -
A former Marine accused of killing unarmed Iraqi detainees was acquitted of voluntary manslaughter Thursday in a first - of - its - kind federal trial .
The jury took six hours to find Jose Luis Nazario Jr. not guilty of charges that he killed or caused others to kill four unarmed detainees on Nov. 9 , 2004 , in Fallujah , Iraq , during some of the fiercest fighting of the war .
The verdict left the 28 - year - old defendant in tears .
He cried so loud that the judge smacked his gavel to call for order .
Nazario's family and friends also sobbed in the courtroom .
" It 's been a long , hard year for my family , " Nazario said outside the courtroom .
" I need a moment to catch my breath and try to get my life back together . "
Thursday 's verdict marks the first time a civilian jury has determined whether the alleged actions of a former military service member in combat violated the law of war .
One of the jurors , Ingrid Wicken , hugged Nazario 's sobbing mother , Sandra Montanez , without speaking after the verdict was read .
" I watched her all week .
She was being tortured every day , " Wicken said later .
Wicken said the panel acquitted Nazario because there was not enough evidence against him .
" I think you do n't know what goes on in combat until you are in combat , " she said .
Nazario's attorney , Kevin McDermott , said he believes the verdict will curb faulty filings .
" I do n't think they are going to put on a case in the future with a lack of evidence , " McDermott said .
Prosecutors alleged that Nazario either killed or caused others to kill four unarmed Iraqi detainees in Fallujah during " Operation Phantom Fury , " which resulted in house - to - house fighting .
Other former Marines testified during the five - day trial that they did not see Nazario kill detainees but heard the gunshots .
The case came to light in 2006 when Sgt. Ryan Weemer , Nazario 's former squadmate , volunteered details to a U.S. Secret Service job interviewer during a lie - detector screening that included a question about the most serious crime he ever committed .
That screening was not admitted at Nazario 's trial .
Weemer and another Marine , Sgt. Jermaine Nelson , face military charges of unpremeditated murder and dereliction of duty .
Both maintain their innocence , and both were found in contempt of court for refusing to testify against Nazario .
Had Nazario been convicted of voluntary manslaughter , assault with a deadly weapon and discharging a firearm during a crime of violence , he could have faced more than 10 years in prison .
On Wednesday , federal prosecutor Jerry Behnke urged the jury to convict Nazario , saying he violated his duty as a Marine and must be held accountable for his actions in Fallujah .
He said the evidence showed the detainees had surrendered before the shooting .
McDermott told jurors they could not convict the former Marine sergeant of an alleged crime in which there were no bodies , no identities and no forensics .
He also argued that a guilty verdict would only make service members second - guess their actions in combat .
Nazario is the first former military service member brought to trial under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , which was written in 2000 and amended in 2004 primarily to allow prosecution of civilian contractors who commit crimes while working for the U.S. overseas .
It also allows the prosecution of military dependents and former military service members accused of committing crimes outside the United States .
After months of hype , the first Android phone is finally here .
T - Mobile unveiled its Google - powered G1 phone Tuesday morning , putting an end to all the speculation .
You do n't have to dig through all the specs and in - depth announcements , though -- we 've broken down all the biggest questions and answers for you right here .
Read on and get the information you need .
When 's the G1 going to be available ?
The T - Mobile G1 will be in T - Mobile stores and " selected retailers " in the U.S. on October 22 .
Existing T - Mobile customers will soon be able to pre-order the phone online .
The G1 will launch in the U.K. in early November and throughout Europe in the first quarter of 2009 .
How much will it cost ?
The price of the G1 is actually a little lower than what had previously been rumored .
Pricing will start at $ 179 with a two - year T - Mobile contract .
How much are the data plans ?
T- Mobile is offering two data plan options : a $ 25 / month plan , which includes unlimited Internet usage and limited messaging ; or a $ 35 / month plan that upgrades to unlimited messaging .
You have to sign up for one of T - Mobile 's voice plans as well .
What 's the deal with 3G coverage ?
T- Mobile says its third - generation 3G network will be live in 22 markets by the time the G1 launches .
That will include all major metropolitan areas and encompass 80 percent of the projected consumer base .
The G1 phone will be available in areas not covered by 3G , as the phone also supports T - Mobile 's EDGEnetwork .
Does the phone work with Wi-Fi ?
Yes , the T - Mobile G1 will work over Wi-Fi connections .
What kind of navigation system does the G1 have ?
The T - Mobile G1 features an iPhone - like touchscreen that lets you swipe across to navigate through menus and long - press to open options or drag - and - drop files .
It also has a pull - out QWERTY keyboard and a navigation trackball .
What music options are built into the phone ?
The G1 comes with integrated Amazon MP3 functionality , letting you surf through the site 's music store and do one - click ordering .
Its default music player has options to search for related material on services such as Google or YouTube while a song is playing .
Of course , a third - party app could ultimately replace that player if you so chose .
What instant messaging options are offered ?
This first Android phone has Google Talk built into the platform and also supports AOL , Yahoo Messenger , and Windows Live Messenger .
Will the G1 function as a tethered modem ?
The team indicates the G1 will not have tethering functionality as of now .
What about Microsoft program compatibility ?
The Android platform supports Word and Excel documents , but does not offer Exchange integration ( enterprise e-mail ) .
The Google team , however , indicated that third - party developers will likely create applications for these purposes in the near future .
What browser comes with the system ?
Android 's default browser is an open - source browser ( WebKit ) based on the same foundation as Chrome , though it is not branded as such .
Engineers describe it as a Chrome - like program that 's optimized for the small screen .
Will the G1 will limited to T - Mobile ?
As of now , T - Mobile says the G1 will be SIM - locked to its network .
What kind of Google functions are integrated into the phone ?
The Android platform has integrated Google Maps functionality .
Within your contact list , you can click on an address and instantly have it mapped on Google Maps .
Google Street View also lets you get 3D images of landmarks based on your location .
You can activate a " compass mode , " which allows the Street View image to progress in real - time based on your own actual movement .
You can access directions and traffic information from many menus .
The G1 also has a Google search button built into the QWERTY keyboard that lets you perform contextual search from any program .
Direct YouTube searching is included in many menus and programs as well .
Is Gmail built into the platform ?
The G1 does have Gmail options included that let you sync e-mail , calendar , and contact information from the service to your phone .
What 's up with the app store ?
The app store for the G1 , called the Android Market , will let any developer create and upload an application for the platform without any approval process .
It 's based on a YouTube - style user ratings system , so content ranking will be based on user feedback .
Neither T - Mobile nor Google plans to moderate the store or " ban " any applications .
What kind of apps will be available ?
Google says more apps will become available over the coming months as developers submit their work .
As of launch , " dozens " are said to be up for grabs .
Some of the highlighted options include ShopSavvy , a program that turns your phone into a barcode scanner able to read UPC codes and deliver instant price comparisons ; cab4me , a program that finds and secures you a cab based on your current location ; iMap Mobile , a location - based interactive weather system ; PedNav , a location - aware app that helps you find the best walking route or public transportation routes to any destination ; and Ecorio , an app that lets you record your " carbon footprint " and find ways to do less damage to the environment based on your own day - to - day routine .
When will the Android code become available ?
Google says the entire open source code will become available once the product launches in October .
Is the G1 going after business users or personal users ?
The G1 team indicated it 's expecting more consumer than enterprise users .
There you have it -- the ins and outs of the heavily anticipated Google Android phone .
Will it live up to the expectations ?
You ’ll have to be the judge of that .
Your chance to check it out starts next month .
Police snooping in the past makes the issue very sensitive in Germany
Data protection officials in Germany have called for privacy laws to be tightened amid a scandal over illegal sales of personal data .
The officials say they were able to buy six million items of personal data on the internet , including bank account details and phone numbers .
The data cost just 850 euros ( £ 671 ) , the officials said .
Call centres and lottery firms are suspected of trading in the data .
Prosecutors are now investigating .
A data protection office in Schleswig - Holstein , north Germany , said it had received CDs this month containing thousands of personal data items collected by a call centre , including bank account details , dates of birth and addresses .
The head of the office , Thilo Weichert , told Germany 's Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper that up to 20 million pieces of data from people 's bank accounts had been sold on to third parties .
" The sale of bank account data is just as illegal as unsolicited telephone marketing - so - called ' cold calling ' , " Mr Weichert said .
" Lawmakers can do more to protect consumers .
The transfer of data for marketing purposes should be made universally conditional on the customer 's approval , " he said .
Firms that discover illegal use of customers ' data should be obliged to inform the affected customers , he added .
Sebastian Edathy , a Social Democrat ( SPD ) parliamentarian , urged parliament to " find a quick response to these blatant cases of abuse " .
Germans are especially sensitive about data privacy in light of the widespread snooping by secret police in the Third Reich and former communist East Germany .
In conservative Bolivia , a group of ' cholitas ' are challenging stereotypes and winning respect by taking on the men in the wrestling ring
Today 's news is from Zaman , about Kazakhstan 's increasing uranium production and how it should be the world 's largest producer of uranium by next year .
Adding to that the fact that in the year 2013 its income per capita should surpass Turkey 's and things in Kazakhstan are looking pretty good .
Kazakistan uranyum üretimini artıracak
Kazakhstan to increase uranium production
Kazakistan 'ın 2009 ' da dünya uranyum üretiminde ilk sıraya yükselmesinin mümkün olduğu açıklandı .
Kazakhstan may be able to become the largest producer of uranium in the world in 2009 .
Kazinform ajansının haberine göre , ulusal Kazatom Sanayi Başkanı Muhtar Jakişev bugün düzenlediği basın toplant ısında , bu yıl üretime açılan ve önümüzdeki dönemde açılacak olan ocaklar ile birlikte Kazakistan 'ın 2009 yılında dünya uranyum üretiminde birinci sıraya yükselmesinin mümkün olduğunu söyledi .
According to the news agency Kazinform , the industry president of the national Kazatom ( note : official name seems to be Kazatomprom ) corporation Muhtar Jakishev had a press conference today , where he said that with production opened up this year and the opening of mines in the near future Kazakhstan may be able to become the largest producer of uranium in the world in 2009 .
Jakişev , bu yıl , üretim kapasitesi 300 ton olan Kaynar , bin tonluk Batıs Mınkudık , 3 bin tonluk Korasan - 1 ocaklarının üretime katılması ve Ağustos ayı içinde üretime geçilecek 750 tonluk İyrekel , 2 bin tonluk Ingğay ile ticari üretime 2009 ' da başlanacak 2 bin tonluk Güney Ingğay ocakları ile birlikte uranyum üretiminin 9 bin tonu aşacağını söyledi .
Jakishev said that this year with the addition of the production from the Kaynar mine with a production capacity of 3000 tons , the Batıs Mınkudık mine with 1000 tons , and the Korasan - 1 mine with a production of 3000 tons , as well as the İyrekel mine with 750 tons to begin production in August , the Ingğay mine with 2000 tons , and the Güney Ingğay mine with 2000 tons that will begin market production in 2009 , uranium production would exceed 9000 tons .
Jakişev , önümüzdeki yıl içinde üretime geçilecek 2 bin ton kapasiteli Korasan - 2 , 500 - 750 ton kapasiteli Semizbay ocaklarının da katkıs ıyla 2009 yılı uranyum üretiminin 12 bin 826 tona uluşmasının beklendiğini kaydetti .
Jakishev also said that with the addition of the Korasan - 2 mine with a yearly production capacity of 2000 tons and the Semizbay with a capacity of 500 - 750 tons , the production of uranium for the year 2009 would be 12,826 tons .
Kazatom Sanayi Strateji ve Pazarlama Dairesi verilerine göre , 2009 yılında Kanada ' nın 11 bin 100 ton , Avustralya ' nın 9 bin 430 ton uranyum üretmesinin beklendiğini belirten Jakişev , bu durumda üretimi 12 bin tonu geçecek Kazakistan 'ın ilk sıraya yükselmesinin mümkün olduğunu ifade etti .
According to data from Kazatom 's Industry Strategy and Marketing Department given by Jakishev , in the year 2009 Canada is looking towards a production of 11,100 tons and Australia 9,430 tons , and that Kazakhstan with its production to exceed 12,000 tons should be able to reach the top tier in terms of production .
In a week when a great financial crisis came to a head and the presidential campaign reached a kind of warp - speed intensity , the man who seemed most likely to be there when you turned on a television was not the president or the treasury secretary or the candidates .
It was Bill Clinton .
As usual , he had a lot to say .
What was unusual was the stir he made for things he did not say .
Mr. Clinton made appearances on morning news shows and late - night talk shows , many or all of them scheduled to coincide with the three - day annual meeting in New York of the Clinton Global Initiative .
His passion about the philanthropic conference was clear .
But perhaps because of the contrast with that passion , Mr. Clinton ’s answers to questions about the presidential race between Senators Barack Obama and John McCain seemed to some Obama supporters like the damning faint praise of a Democratic holdout .
The question arose Thursday , when both candidates appeared at Mr. Clinton ’s conference  Mr. McCain in person , Mr. Obama via satellite .
Was this a metaphor for Mr. Clinton ’s relationship with each one , or just a scheduling conflict ?
Here ’s a great example of why you should always be sure to read the fine print .
On the product page for the highly - anticipated new T - Mobile / Google phone , you will see ( if you squint ) this note at the bottom : “ If your total data usage in any billing cycle is more than 1GB , your data throughput for the remainder of that cycle may be reduced to 50 kbps or less . ”
So much for the “ unlimited ” access plan .
Sure , you can still surf the web , download music , or watch YouTube videos as much as you want … but if you do it too much , they ’ll cripple your phone so that for the rest of the month you have to do it really slowly .
I remember there was a lot of talk this year about AT&T limiting their “ unlimited ” data plan to 5 GB per month .
T - Mobile ’s way of dealing with “ excessive use ” ( and their definition of “ excessive ” is apparently five times smaller than AT&T ’s definition ) is to put on the brakes .
I wonder if users prefer this , or if they ’d rather just pay overage fees ?
Of course , I guess the “ excessive ” users could just stick with the iPhone .
No wonder T - Mobile put that bit in fine print .
His signature deep voice – sounding as if it had been pickled in whisky and kippered by countless cigarettes – was both ominous and sonorous , becoming identified with the phrase " In a world ... " , which was used in Hollywood trailers so frequently that it became a cliché .
Nicknamed variously " Thunder Throat " and even " the voice of God " , LaFontaine was said to have voiced about 60 promotions a week , and sometimes as many as 35 in a single day .
A man accused of making two boys flog themselves until they bled at a Shia Muslim ceremony said they were happy to perform the ritual , a court has heard .
Syed Mustafa Zaidi said he asked the boys , aged 14 and 15 , if they wanted to self - flagellate at the Ashura ceremony .
The jury at Manchester Crown Court was told how he beat himself then allegedly forced them to do the same at a community centre in Manchester in 2007 .
Mr Zaidi , 44 , of Station Road , Eccles , denies two counts of child cruelty .
He admitted he allowed the boys to use his zanjeer zani , which has five curved blades attached to chains and a wooden handle , to carry out the matam - the act of flagellation - during the ceremony in Levenshulme on 19 January .
The ceremony commemorates the death of the spiritual leader of Shia Muslims .
Warehouse supervisor Mr Zaidi told his defence barrister , Richard Marks QC , he was not wrong to allow the boys , who can not be named for legal reasons , to use his zanjeer zani .
He said : " This is a part of our religion . "
He told the court he could not imagine hurting the children .
It was an emotional time and the children were happy , they asked for it
Syed Mustafa Zaidi
He added : " I 'm on oath and we 're talking about my religion here .
" I can't lie about this , he came towards me , he walked towards me , people are witnesses to this and he said himself that he wanted to do the matam . "
He denied pulling and pushing the 14 - year - old boy and pulling his T - shirt off .
Mr Zaidi said : " He came to me himself .
I asked him do you want to do it and he said yes .
" I said okay I 'll go and wash the zanjeer for you . "
Blades ' blunted '
He added that he stopped the boy when he thought he had done enough , but said the boy wanted to continue .
" It was an emotional time and the children were happy , they asked for it .
No one forced anyone . "
He said he also saw other children doing the matam .
He told the court : " If I knew that this was going to turn all against me I would n't have allowed them to do it , I would n't have done it . "
Mr Zaidi , a warehouse supervisor , said he first performed the matam when he was seven in Pakistan and did it three times a year .
He also added that by using the zanjeer zani on himself first he had reduced the sharpness of the blades by 60 % .
The trial continues .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ANN ARBOR , Mich .--- University of Michigan physicists played a leading role in the discovery of a new particle , the Omega b baryon , which is an exotic relative of the proton .
It was detected for the first time in a particle accelerator at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory ( Fermilab ) in Illinois , Fermilab has announced .
The heavy particle is scarce today , but scientists believe it was abundant soon after the Big Bang .
" This discovery helps us understand how matter was formed in the universe .
It shows the critical success of the quark model and gives us new insight into the strong force , which binds quarks together to form larger particles , " said Jianming Qian , a professor in the Department of Physics .
This discovery is largely attributed to the work done by Qian , physics postdoctoral fellow Eduard de la Cruz Burelo and physics professor Homer Neal .
They are among 600 physicists from 90 institutions involved in DZero , the international experiment at Fermilab that produced these results .
" The contributions from these three team members from the University of Michigan were extremely important to this discovery , " said Fermilab 's DZero spokesman Dmitri Denisov .
The Michigan scientists pressed to re-examine previously gathered data for evidence of this particle , rather than wait for new data .
" Their persistence paid off , " said Denisov , who pointed out that these three Michigan scientists were also instrumental in DZero 's discovery of a particle called the cascade b baryon last year .
Qian said detecting the Omega b baryon was like finding a needle in a haystack .
The U - M team developed algorithms that allowed them to analyze almost 100 trillion particle collisions to find 18 events with the distinctive characteristics expected from the decay of the Omega b baryon .
In the collisions in the experiment , protons and anti-protons traveling near the speed of light hit head on , occasionally producing exotic heavy particles such as the Omega b baryon .
The baryon travels about one millimeter before it decays into other particles .
Baryons are particles that make up the visible matter in the universe today .
Protons and neutrons are the lightest baryons .
All baryons are made of different combinations of three quarks .
Quarks are smaller particles that come in six " flavors : " up , down , charm , strange , top and bottom .
Scientists organize these flavors into three families .
Protons and neutrons are made of the quarks in the first family : up and down quarks .
This new particle is the first baryon ever detected that is made only of quarks from the other two families .
The Omega b baryon has two strange quarks and one bottom quark .
###
DZero is supported by the U.S. Department of Energy , the National Science Foundation and several international funding agencies .
Burelo , Neal , and Qian are among the co-authors of a paper on the finding that has been submitted to Physical Review Letters .
The paper is called " Observation of the doubly strange b baryon . "
Derek Thompson , a senior editor at The Atlantic , cuts to the chase in his lede :
Call it creative if you want , but this is what economic destruction looks like .
Print newspaper ads have fallen by two - thirds from $ 60 billion in the late - 1990s to $ 20 billion in 2011 .
“ This ” is a graph in a post by Mark Perry , a professor of economics and finance at the University of Michigan .
The decline in print ad revenues is precipitous .
Perry , on his top - notch blog “ Carpe Diem , ” notes :
Here ’s another perspective :
It took 50 years to go from about $ 20 billion in annual newspaper ad revenue in 1950 ( adjusted for inflation ) to $ 63.5 billion in 2000 , and then only 11 years to go from $ 63.5 billion back to about $ 20 billion in 2011 .
Surely such a stunning decline would shake industry leaders into prompt action collectively and individually .
That , however , is not always the case .
In one anecdotal case , nothing is imminent .
Here ’s Thompson ’s analysis .
Sound familiar ?
So the reason newspapers are in trouble is n’t that they are n’t making lots of money — they still are ; advertising is a huge , huge business , as any app developer will try to tell you — but that their business models and payroll depend on so much more money .
The U.S. newspaper industry was built to support $ 50 billion to $ 60 billion in total advertising with the kind of staffs that a $ 50 billion industry can abide .
The layoffs , buyouts , and bankruptcies you hear about are the result of this massive correction in the face of falling revenue .
The Internet took out print ’s knees in the last decade — not all print* , but a lot .
Do n’t just blame the bloggers .
For decades , newspapers relied on a simple cross-subsidy to pay for their coverage .
You ca n’t make much money advertising against A1 stories like bombings in Afghanistan and school shootings and deficit reduction .
Those stories are the door through which readers walk to find stories that can take the ads : the car section , the style section , the travel section , and the classifieds .
But ad dollars started flowing to websites that gave people their car , style , travel , or classifieds directly .
So did the readers .
And down went print .
What ’s troublesome to me is the contrast between the newspaper industry ’s long - held attitude toward readers —
We will tell them what we think they need to know — and what newspapers actually do these days to retain readers , and thus advertisers —
We will tell readers what they say they want to know .
The switch is n’t working .
Neither are the Band - Aids on a tired business model .
The industry writ large has not successfully re-invented its relationship with readers — especially online readers .
Consider the language customarily used by newspaper executives in discussing how to bolster online advertising revenue :
We want to monetize our website with a paywall .
Paywall .
Pay wall .
That ’s not the language of invitation ; it ’s the language of obstruction .
How does that language lead to a mutually fruitful relationship between a business and a consumer ?
The nation badly needs a successful industry whose product is a significant quantity of quality journalism .
The evidence provided by Thompson and Perry argues we do n’t have one anymore .
All of us who treasure credible sources of information are worse off in obtaining what we need to make sound political and consumer decisions .
Neodymium supermagnets *
Photo : Daniel Salo *
These magnets from United Nuclear Scientific Supplies are a little like gremlins — seemingly harmless , even cute , but capable of serious mayhem .
Their combined pull force is 800 pounds , meaning they 'll try to tunnel through pretty much any sorry thing that comes between them — furniture , walls , interns , designers .
( United Nuclear refused to send us its most powerful pair , which has a total pull force of 4,000 pounds . )
We have found , however , that just one of these magnets is all kinds of useful :
When the managing editor threatens to cancel Rock Band practice , respond by waving the cylinder of rare earth metal 12 inches from his MacBook .
One inch closer and his hard drive is toast !
Start Previous : 10 Best : Battle Cries —
' By the Power of Greyskull ... I Have the Power ! '
Next : The ResQtec V2 Ram Wrenches Trapped Drivers Free in 13 Seconds Most Dangerous Object in the Office : The Toxic Cloud - Emitting Portable Dry Ice Maker
Most Dangerous Object in the Office : The CO2 - Fueled Twister 325 Air Cannon
The Most Dangerous Object in the Office This Month : The Photonic Disruptor
Most Dangerous Object in the Office This Month : Booster Blades
Wired Science Episode 101 : Dangerous Science
Do n't Try This at Home
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
Do you have a web page or two ?
Nothing fancy , perhaps , but a neat demonstration of what can be achieved with a handful of HTML tags ?
Do you have a sophisticated C++ Windows desktop application which now needs to be controlled and monitored remotely ?
So , without learning a whole new technology , let 's give your application its own web page !
Webem is a web server that you can embed in your C++ application .
It makes it easy to implement a browser GUI accessible from anywhere .
Webem is based on a minimally modified version of the boost : : asio web server , and permits HTML code to execute C++ methods .
Although you do not need to look at the server code to use Webem , you will need to download and use the BOOST libraries in your projects .
I suggest that if you have never used BOOST before , then Webem is probably not for you .
Background
The available embedded C++ web servers are a challenge to use , and tend not to be Windows friendly .
They are not the kind of thing you want to get into just to add the ability to monitor your lab application from your cell phone .
I have tried Wt ( http://www.webtoolkit.eu/wt) but was defeated by the installation and learning curve .
I recently began using Webio by John Bartas .
I liked the concept and it worked well .
However , I still found it overly complicated to use and the server code hard to understand .
I wanted something easier to use , based on a well known web server that had only been slightly modified .
A lot of the complexity of Webio is caused by using an HML compiler to hide the HTML pages that control the appearance of the GUI inside a file system embedded inside the application code .
I prefer to have the HTML pages outside in plain view where I can adjust the GUI without recompiling the application .
I learned a lot trying to adjust Webio to my taste , and eventually was ready to build my own exactly to my requirements .
Using the Code
You build your application 's GUI exactly like you build a web site - create pages using HTML all starting from index.html .
Now you need to make the HTML invoke your C++ methods .
There are three things you can do :
Create include methods which generate HTML to be included in the web pages
Create action methods called by webem when the user clicks on buttons in the web page .
These can be simple buttons , or html forms .
Create " web controls " , a combination of the previous two where an include method generates a form which invokes an action method when the user clicks on a button - the " Calendar " example application shows how to create a control to display and update a database table .
" Hello , World "
Step 1 : Create the web page .
This can be as elaborate as you like , but let 's keep it simple for our first " hello , world " application :
The Webem Embedded Web server says : <!--#webem hello -->
The text in angle brackets tells webem where you want to include text from the application , and " hello " is the code for the particular application method that must be invoked to provide the included text .
Step 2 : Create the class which says hello :
class cHello { public : char * DisplayHTML ( ) { return " Hello World " ; } } ;
Step 3 : Initialize Webem , telling it the address and port to listen for browser requests and where to find the index.html that begins the web page .
http::server::cWebem the Server ( " 0.0.0.0 " , " 1570 " , " .\\ " ) ;
Step 4 : Register the application method with webem :
cHello hello ; the Server.RegisterIncludeCode ( " hello " , boost : : bind ( &cHello:: DisplayHTML , &hello ) ) ;
Step 4 : Finally , you are ready to start the server running .
theServer.Run ( ) ;
A Formal Hello
Let 's create a more polite program which addresses the world by name ( CodeProject is , after all , Canadian . )
Step 1 : Create the website :
What is your name , please ? < form action=name.webem > < input name=yourname />< input value= " Enter " type=submit /> </ form >
The Webem Embedded Web server says : <!--#webem hello -->
The form provides a field to enter the user 's name , and a button to submit the entered name to the server .
The form attribute " action=name.webem " ensures that the webem server will call the application method registered with " name " to process the input .
Step 2 : Create the application class :
class cHelloForm { string UserName ; http::server::cWebem& myWebem ; public : cHelloForm ( http::server::cWebem& webem ) : myWebem ( webem ) { myWebem.RegisterIncludeCode ( " hello " , boost : : bind ( &cHelloForm :: DisplayHTML , this ) ) ; myWebem.RegisterActionCode ( " name " , boost : : bind ( &cHelloForm :: Action , this ) ) ; } char * DisplayHTML ( ) { static char buf [ 1000 ] ; if ( UserName.length ( ) ) sprintf_s ( buf , 999 , " Hello , %s " , UserName.c_str ( ) ) ; else buf [ 0 ] = ' \ 0 ' ; return buf ; } char * Action ( ) { UserName = myWebem.FindValue ( " yourname " ) ; return " /index.html " ; } } ;
The application class stores a reference to the webem server .
This allows it to look after registering its own methods with the server when it is constructed , and to call the cWebem class FindValue ( ) to extract the value of the field entered into the form .
The application class must register two methods , one to save the entered user name when the submit button is clicked , one to display the stored user name when the web page is assembled and sent to the browser .
The action methods must return the webpage which should be displayed in response to the click on the submit button .
Note that all action methods are invoked by Webem before the include methods , so that the web page always displays updated data .
Step 3 : Construct webem , construct the application class and run the server :
http::server::cWebem the Server ( " 0.0.0.0 " , " 1570 " , " .\\ " ) ; cHelloForm hello( the Server ) ; the Server.Run ( ) ;
You may need to run the server in another thread , perhaps so your application can continue logging data from a lab device .
To do this , modify the call to server : : run :
boost : : thread * pThread = new boost : : thread ( boost : : bind ( &http::server::server::run , & theServer ) ) ;
Webem Controls
Webem controls are classes which look after the details of displaying and manipulating application data in standard ways , so that the application programmer does not need to be concerned with all the details of generating HTML text .
The demo application uses a webem control to list the contents of a SQLITE database table with the ability to add or delete records .
There is a screenshot at the top of this article .
Unicode
Webem supports Unicode application include functions , which means that your code can generate and have displayed Chinese , Cyrillic , even Klingon characters .
Write an include funcion that returns a wide character string UTF - 16 encoded , register it using the RegisterIncludeCodeW ( ) function ( instead of RegisterIncludeCode ( ) ) and Webem will convert it to UTF - 8 encoding before sending it back to the browser .
Like this :
class cHello { public : wchar_t * DisplayWWHello( ) { return L " Hello Wide World .
Here are some chinese characters : \x751 f\x4ea7\x8bbe\x7f6e " ; } } ; ... the Server.RegisterIncludeCodeW ( " wwwhello " , boost : : bind ( &cHello:: DisplayWWHello , &hello ) ) ;
If you wonder why UTF - 8 and UTF - 16 are necessary , check out my blog article , World Wide Characters .
Simple Button Actions
Sometimes you may need to run an action when the user clicks a ' button ' but you do not need to pass any parameters .
In such cases setting up an html form can seem like too much trouble and rather limiting in the format you can display .
So I have added click action requests .
If you add this to your html file
< a href = " http:/index.html/webem_name">button_label</a>
Then when the user clicks on " button_label " then webem will invoke the function registered to " name " and then display the page at index.html .
Points of Interest
This section describes how webem is integrated with the server .
It is not necessary to read this in order to use webem .
The boost : : asio HTTP server invokes the method :
request_handler :: handle_request( const request& req , reply& rep )
This is where the browser requests are parsed and the new page assembled to be sent back to the browser .
We need to override this method in a specialization of the request handler so that , in turn , the registered application methods can be invoked .
void cWebemRequestHandler :: handle_request( const request& req , reply& rep ) { request req_modified = req ; myWebem.CheckForAction ( req_modified.uri ) ; request_handler :: handle_request( req_modified , rep ) ; myWebem .
Include ( rep.content ) ; }
Unfortunately , the boost : : asio server , although otherwise very elegantly designed and implemented , has not been designed with inheritance in mind .
In order to allow the server to invoke the webem request handler , I have made minimal changes to the boost code :
Made request_handler :: handle_request method virtual so specialized override will be called
method virtual so specialized override will be called Changed server constructor to accept a reference to the request_handler it will use .
it will use .
Changed order of server attributes so that the connection handler will not be initialized before the request handler .
Handling Post Requests
The boost : asio server did not handle post requests , often used for entering passwords .
Adding this feature and getting it to work for different browsers ( FireFox , Internet Explorer and Chrome ) required detailed modifications to the asio request handler , which I will not go into here .
History
NEW YORK -- Rachel Maddow looked as if she were about to leap into the air with excitement .
The newly minted MSNBC host was crouched on a swiveling office chair , her feet propped underneath her , gleefully contemplating the day ’s sudden turn of events .
Bill Wolff , her executive producer , had just walked into her office with the latest news : Sen .
John McCain was suspending his campaign to rush to Washington and work on the Wall Street bailout .
“ No more campaign events for the whole week , he ’s just going to be on Capitol Hill ? ” Maddow asked incredulously .
It was the kind of unexpected development that delights Maddow , whose enthusiasm for all things political has helped make her a breakout star on MSNBC .
Just nine months after joining the cable news network as a political analyst , the 35 - year - old outspoken liberal has her own hourlong program , which airs after “ Countdown With Keith Olbermann , ” the network ’s top -rated show .
Advertisement
An animated dissection of political events and offbeat news , punctuated by the host ’s sardonic humor , “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” has debuted with a strength that surprised even MSNBC executives .
An average of 1.64 million viewers tuned in since the show launched on Sept. 8 , more than double the number who watched the same hour in the first eight months of the year .
In her second week on the air , Maddow beat CNN ’s “ Larry King Live , ” a cable news institution -- quite a feat for a self - described television novice and former AIDS activist who does n’t even own a TV .
Maddow posted her biggest audiences yet last week .
( Though it was n’t enough to beat King , who scored interviews with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and former President Bill Clinton . )
It was the best launch of a new show on MSNBC , which for years trailed far behind Fox News and CNN .
But Maddow ’s early success also coincides with a period of uncomfortable scrutiny of the cable news channel .
Powered in large part by Olbermann ’s unremitting attacks upon the Bush administration , MSNBC has remade itself as a destination for brash , provocative commentary , often from the left side of the political spectrum .
Advertisement
That strategy has both boosted ratings and brought charges of bias .
MSNBC executives insist the network does not have an ideological agenda .
But the promotion of Maddow has only reinforced perceptions that MSNBC is partisan .
“ Do we have a point of view with our shows ? ” MSNBC President Phil Griffin asked .
“ Definitely .
But we ’ve established ourselves as a news organization , NBC News , as uncompromised and as good as anybody in the country . ”
For her part , Maddow said she does n’t think of her show as a platform from which to espouse her political viewpoints .
“ I certainly have beliefs and opinions , just like anybody does , ” she said .
“ But I do n’t have an agenda .
This was n’t like , great , an opportunity to impose ‘ X ’ on the world .
I think of this as a chance to talk about the news on TV for an hour each day .
How awesome is that ? ”
Advertisement
Some of her interests do n’t fit neatly within the political spectrum .
Maddow is something of a buff on the history of the military ’s role in U.S. politics ( she ’s writing a book on the subject ) and calls herself “ a real rah - rah patriotic American . ”
“ I get very misty about the national anthem , ” she said .
Still , there ’s no question that Maddow ’s unrestrained indignation at Republican policies is a big part of her appeal .
On a recent night , in discussing Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki ’s suggestion that U.S. officials have delayed withdrawing troops because of domestic presidential politics , she said , “ If you feel like your hair is on fire right now , you ’re not alone . ”
“ The politics and the familiarity with her are 90 % of the equation , ” said Olbermann , who boosted her profile on his show and lobbied the network to make her a host .
Advertisement
“ But you never are just talking to the blog crowd , as loud and as luminous and as loyal as they are , ” he added .
“ You have to be able to deliver something . ”
Olbermann believes that Maddow ’s popularity is rooted in the fact that she strikes a balance that has eluded many other female hosts , who have historically not fared well on cable .
“ There is a different set of standards regarding women and credibility and aggressiveness on the air , ” he said .
“ And Rachel manages to keep her credibility and her forcefulness and obviously her intelligence , but there ’s also just a fundamental likability that really works to her advantage . ”
Maddow makes an unlikely cable star .
A Rhodes scholar , she was living in western Massachusetts , finishing her dissertation on AIDS in prisons for Oxford University , when on a whim , she tried out for a job as a morning radio sidekick .
( She still commutes back to Massachusetts every weekend , where she has a home with her longtime partner , Susan Mikula , an artist . )
Advertisement
In 2004 , she made it onto Air America , a self - styled liberal antidote to conservative talk radio .
The post brought her to the attention of cable news producers looking for fresh voices .
“ I thought it was funny to be asked at first , ” said Maddow , who still hosts a daily Air America show .
“ Really , me ?
A face made for radio , if there ever was one .
I think I was very self - conscious about being visually presented , and I still am , to a certain extent . ”
On one side of her still - bare office hang about a dozen suits in varying shades of black and gray , her on - air uniform .
“ It is a rainbow of monochrome , ” acknowledged Maddow , who dresses off - air like a gangly teenager in baggy jeans and sneakers .
“ I just want to meet a basic threshold of what you ’re supposed to look like on television so it ’s not a topic of concern or discussion . ”
Advertisement
Maddow worries about losing her distinct persona in the glare of television but said she has no desire to remain in the freer environs of radio .
“ I ’m trying to be influential , ” she said .
“ I ’m trying to be part of the discussion .
You reach people in television in a way that allows you to make more of an impact .
If that ’s the game you ’ve decided to play , you might as well try to win . ”
--
matea.gold@latimes.com
Case Friendly 3D Curved Edge Side Glue Tempered Glass for Samsung S6 Edge Plus more >>
SAVE Upto 70 %
For someone running as the tribune of " change , " Barack Obama showed again in last night 's debate that he sure is comfortable with the status quo on health care .
He continued his recent assaults on John McCain 's health reform even though it is precisely the kind of plan that someone of Mr. Obama 's professed convictions ought to support .
The attacks include swing - state TV spots and Joe Biden 's multiple distortions , though the most over - the - top come from the candidate himself .
Over the weekend , Mr. Obama called the McCain plan ...
Google Chrome will thrash to disk a lot to disk , at least in version 0.2.149.27 , build 1583 ( the first publically available beta ) in Windows XP .
It is so bad that my entire computer locks up a bit and becomes unresponsive .
Disabling phishing and malware protection seems to stop the thrashing :
Click on the monkey - wrench icon to the right of the address bar .
Choose " Options " from the menu .
Click the " Under the Hood " tab Disable the " Enable phishing and malware protection " check - box
[img_assist|nid=321|title=Google Chrome Disable Malware and Phishing Protection|desc=|link=none|align=none|width=418|height=315 ]
This is an actual interview with tough questions asked by what appears to be one of the last real journalists .
Mr. Caldwell works for the NBC affiliate in Portland , ME .
Mr. Caldwell asked Senator McCain yesterday what national security experience Governor Palin has and the Senator answered , “ energy . ”
More at Think Progress
: : : : : : : : : :
Rachel Maddow , host of left - leaning chat shows on Air America Radio and MSNBC , both named “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” , spends downtime in an 1865 house in western Massachusetts .
Biggest misconception about pundits :
That we all hang out together .
I do n’t know any of these people .
Maybe all the pundits are hanging out and not inviting me .
Worst thing about job :
My self - doubt that this is a worthy thing to contribute to the world .
It ’s fun , but I worry that it is self - indulgent .
Her 190 - mile commute :
It ’s an opportunity for me to turn my brain off .
My apartment in New York is only 275 square feet .
So just being able to stretch out is great .
This is probably not the time for Alaska ’s politicians to get rowdy and cause problems .
The Associated Press is reporting that Lesil McGuire , an Alaskan state senator , caused a ruckus on board an Alaska Airlines flight early last month .
Apparently , McGuire went so far as throwing a glass of water across the cabin when flight attendants refused to serve her alcohol .
There ’s an Anchorage police report from Sept. 4 detailing the confrontation .
McGuire was also order to stop using her Blackberry as the Anchorage - bound flight was taxiing to take off in Juneau , but she continued texting away , causing the pilot to actually stop the plane .
McGuire leads Alaska ’s state affairs committee .
Police at Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport questioned McGuire , but she will not be charged with a crime , authorities say .
Gadling wonders whether somebody put in a call …
10 of 10
# 1. John C. Calhoun
Too Much Man for One Party During the Peloponnesian War , Alcibiades made himself a legend by switching between the Athenian , Spartan , and Persian sides .
Calhoun is his American equivalent .
In 1824 , no presidential candidate won a majority of electoral votes , resulting in John Quincy Adams defeating Andrew Jackson in the House of Representatives .
Divisive as the election was , everyone agreed on one thing : South Carolina 's John C. Calhoun should be the Vice President .
He served under Adams for four years , during which he decided he did n't really see eye to eye with Adams on most things and worked to undermine him .
In 1828 , it was a Jackson vs. Adams II , only this time Calhoun ran with Jackson .
The Jackson / Calhoun ticket breezed to victory , and Calhoun vowed things would be different second go - round ; instead of seeking to impede his president , he would strive to tear apart the entire nation .
Calhoun championed nullification , whereby if states did n't like a federal law , they could just ignore it ( and yes , this did lay the groundwork for secession , the Civil War , and 600,000 dead Americans ) .
Jackson disagreed completely with this policy , leading to the two men becoming estranged .
Sadly , by this point Calhoun had run out of presidential candidates to switch his allegiance to and had to resign the vice presidency .
For the rest of his life Jackson expressed regret over not executing his former running mate as a traitor , making the backroom conflicts between JFK and LBJ seem pretty trivial .
Mozilla 's security chief said Apple should disclose more information about the steps it takes to protect customers from malware and other computer - born threats .
At a security conference on Monday , Window Snyder said open communication about recently reported vulnerabilities and ongoing processes for locking down products is a core responsibility of security departments at every software organization .
The head of security for Mozilla 's Firefox browser then singled out Apple as a vendor with room for improvement .
" I 'm big Apple fan - I 've got a Mac right here , " Snyder said as she gripped her MacBook while speaking at the MIS Training Institute 's IT Security World conference in San Francisco .
" But one of my big problems with Apple is we do n't get to hear what they 're doing with security .
I 'd have a lot more confidence if they would communicate that stuff . "
Among developers of mainstream software , Apple 's security department is one of the most tight - lipped .
Unlike Microsoft , Mozilla and Google , it has no blog devoted to security , and the company rarely responds to reports about vulnerabilities found in its products .
As we 've pointed out on more than one occasion , the company frequently fails to clearly warn end users of the necessity of promptly installing updates when patching critical security holes .
While Snyder praised much of the behind - the - scenes work of Apple 's security professionals , she said it 's not enough that the work is carried out in secret .
" Being able to demonstrate that you 're doing reasonable things and letting other people evaluate whether or not that 's a reasonable process helps us as a security industry develop confidence in them [ and ] helps consumers recognize that those vendors are doing reasonable things , " Snyder said .
Referring to software organizations generally , she added : " It 's painful if we have to rely on marketing to figure out whether or not something is secure . "
Examples of the type of information Snyder said should be more forthcoming is whether Apple 's security team is investigating reported vulnerabilities , whether patches to reported vulnerabilities are in the works , and the types of internal processes used to improve the security of major products .
She held out Microsoft , her former employer , as an example .
" The security industry developed a lot more confidence in what Microsoft was doing in security because Microsoft started communicating about it and sharing some of the work that they 're doing , " she said .
Holding up Windows Vista , which was developed under Microsoft 's secure development lifecycle , she said , " We get to hear from Microsoft about the work they put into it and all the people they engaged to do consulting work and their secure development lifecycle . "
She said that 's a lost opportunity .
" They have a real opportunity there to show the rest of the security industry what they 're doing because I think they are doing good work . "
Apple 's public relations team did n't respond to a request to comment for this story .
Snyder 's comments came during a keynote titled Building Multi-Layer Defenses to Mitigate Threats Attackers Have n't Thought of Yet .
In it , she focused on specific steps security professionals can take to proactively protect their users against vulnerabilities and other threats .
While the use of fuzzers , threat modeling , and code review were all mentioned , Snyder 's overall theme seemed to be that security teams from various organizations need to work together , especially considering the interconnecting relationship between so many products .
She held out last year 's vulnerabilities in a so - called URI , or uniform resource identifier as a case in point .
Microsoft for months insisted that third - party applications such as Firefox - not its Internet Explorer browser - were responsible for a vulnerability that allowed malicious websites to install malware on end - users ' machines .
After much discussion and some criticism of that position , Redmond finally acknowledged IE needed to do a better job preventing malformed data from being passed to applications and patched the browser . ®
NATO must not teach Russia on how to behave towards Georgia
NATO hit the USA in the face .
Its allies said that they were not going to scale down their cooperation with Moscow .
The statement showed that the USA was no longer NATO ’s master and that Washington was not the city where all fundamental decisions were made .
NATO must not teach Russia on how to behave towards Georgia
The US administration hoped that the alliance would back its condemnation of Russia ’s “ invasion of Georgia . ”
However , Great Britain , a staunch ally of the United States , was the first country of NATO which said that the alliance should not isolate Russia .
Condoleezza Rice ’s counterpart in Britain , David Miliband , offered to expand the bilateral cooperation with Russia .
It was later revealed that Britain did not support the suggestion to exclude Russia from the Group of Eight .
Natalia Boyarskikh , an expert for Russia ’s relations with NATO , believes that there was nothing surprising in the fact that NATO did not support USA ’s anti-Russian stance .
“ The USA continues to wage the informational war against Russia .
Americans are now acting indirectly , through Georgia .
They have no true allies left except for several countries of East Europe , which they support financially , ” the expert said .
It is an open secret that politics can be very dirty , just like prostitution .
However , it is impossible to bribe everyone .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel does not personify the whole of Germany with her statements .
She mostly expresses the interests of German rightist forces .
German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier openly supports Russia and condemns Georgia .
The Czech Republic , Greece , Slovakia and France expressed their support to Russia too .
In this situation , Russia needs to explain to European NATO members that Georgia ’s membership in the alliance would be highly inadequate .
Yesterday ’s emergency meeting of NATO ministers in Brussels marked the most serious political failure of the US administration in recent years .
NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said that NATO was not going to close doors for its dialogue with Russia .
“ No cooperative programs have yet been axed but one can presume ... this issue will have to be taken into view , ” the official said .
" There can be no business as usual [ with Russia ] under present circumstances , " Scheffer said at a news conference after an emergency meeting of NATO foreign ministers in Belgium .
" The future of our relations will depend on the concrete actions Russia will take to honor the words of President Medvedev to abide by the six - point peace plan , which is not happening at the moment , ” Scheffer said .
Russia 's immediate response was dismissive .
" The mountain gave birth to a mouse , " said Dmitry Rogozin , Moscow 's ambassador to NATO , The Associated Press reported .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called NATO 's response to the crisis biased and accused the alliance of allowing Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili to dictate its policies .
" It 's Mr. Saakashvili telling NATO countries what they should do , so he can meet his ambitions , " Lavrov said in Moscow .
" NATO is trying to make a victim of an aggressor and whitewash a criminal regime ... and is taking a path to the rearmament of the current leaders in Georgia . "
Lavrov stated that the alliance had virtually taken Georgian President Saakashvili under its wing .
The minister stated that NATO ’s statement on South Ossetia was biased .
“ It says nothing about how it all began and what actually happened , which countries armed Georgia and who encouraged Georgia not to sign the agreement excluding the use of force in the region , ” the minister said .
“ NATO adopts a course to rearm the current leaders of Georgia .
It is obvious that the Georgian administration purchases weapons to continue its attempts to solve the problem of Georgia ’s territorial integrity , ” Lavrov said .
“ The line of making Georgia a member of NATO is not based on Tbilisi ’s conformity to NATO ’s standards .
It is based on the aspiration , which I can only refer to as anti-Russian , and which is aimed at supporting the aggressive regime , ” Lavrov said .
The minister stressed out that Moscow would draw its conclusions from the pro-Georgian position of NATO .
“ There will be consequences , of course .
It will hardly be possible to run business as usual - we said that a week ago .
I think we will draw adequate conclusions , ” the Russian diplomat said .
“ The Russia - NATO Council was not established to teach Russia on how to behave towards Georgia , but to ensure security in Europe and in the Euro - Atlantic region .
We still believe that these goals are actual , ” Lavrov said .
In the meantime , Russia blocked the draft Security Council resolution on Georgia .
The document contains at least two fundamental aspects , which Russia cannot agree upon .
First off , the resolution urges for an immediate withdrawal of Russian troops from Georgia .
Secondly , the document declares a need to observe the territorial integrity of Georgia within the borders recognized by the international community .
Neither statement makes a part of the peace plan .
The Russian Foreign Affairs Ministry also asked foreign leaders not to bite on granite .
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stated that the pull out of Russian troops would depend on Georgia ’s actions , because it also signed the peace agreement with Russia .
If Tbilisi proceeds adequately , the Russian troops will be withdrawn during two or three days .
President Dmitry Medvedev stated that the troops would be pulled out from Georgia to South Ossetia and Russia by August 22 .
The president added that 500 Russian peacemakers would stay near South Ossetia ’s borders .
Russia said that it would not participate in the Open Spirit 2008 international naval exercise in the Baltic Sea .
In addition , Russia informed the USA of the impossibility to receive the U.S. warship in the Far East port of Petropavlovsk - Kamchatsky .
The ship was due to pay a business visit to the Kamchatka Peninsula on September 5 - 9 .
The exercise has been held annually since 1997 within the framework of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program , with the aim of sweeping Baltic States ' coastal areas for old WWI and WWII explosives , RIA Novosti says .
# I'm off to the Oregon Shakespeare Festival for the weekend so no
# time to finish my Untangling series .
But I do have time to post this ...
# The other day someone asked me if it was possible to implement a
# certain task in one line of Python .
My response was " yes , but you
# would n't want to . "
You can think of what follows as the demonstration
# that you really do n't want to .
# The problem is , there are lots of Python constructions you can 't
# do on one line : assigning variables , defining functions , using
# conditionals , recursion and so on .
So it appears there 's a limit
# to what you can do .
Amazingly , all of these problems can be solved
# with the use of lambdas .
# One place you often want one line lambdas is in the use of the map
# function .
So let 's stick with that as an example and warm up with
# an easy example .
Lets say we want to add 1 to all of the numbers
# from 0 to 19 .
We can write :
def inc(n ) :
return n+1
print " 1. " , map ( inc , range ( 0,20 ) )
# Lambdas enable you to write that as a one - liner :
print " 1. " , map( lambda x:x+1 , range ( 0,20 ) )
# Now what happens if we want to apply a function that uses a local
# ( constant ) variable .
For example :
def f1(n ) :
m = 2*n+1
return m+m*m
print " 2. " , map ( f1 , range ( 0,20 ) )
# We can eliminate the assigment by means of a function .
m changes from
# being a local to a function argument :
def f2(n ) :
def g( m ) :
return m+m*m
return g( 2*n+1 )
print " 2. " , map ( f2, range ( 0,20 ) )
# But that seems to make things worse because now we have a function
# definition instead of a variable assigment .
But we can eliminate
# that with a lambda :
def f3 (n ) :
return ( lambda m:m+m*m ) ( 2*n+1 )
print " 2. " , map ( f3 , range ( 0,20 ) )
# And now we can write the whole thing as one big lambda :
print " 2. " , map ( lambda n:( lambda m:m+m*m ) ( 2*n+1 ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# But what happens if we want to define a bunch of local functions
# inside our lambda ?
We can use the same technique .
We ( 1 ) use
# lambdas to allow us to fake local variable definitions and
# ( 2 ) use lambdas to define the functions .
So we can replace this :
def f(n ) :
def g(n ) :
return 2*n+1
def h(n ) :
return 3*n-2
return g( h ( g( h ( n ) ) ) )
print " 3. " , map ( f , range ( 0,20 ) )
# with this :
print " 3. " , map ( lambda n:( lambda g , h , n: g( h ( g ( h ( n ) ) ) ) ) ( lambda n:2*n+1 , lambda n:3* n - 2,n ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# We 're passing in lambdas as arguments to a lambda so that they
# get bound to g and h .
# But what happens if we want a recursive definition like :
def fact (n ) :
if n<=1 :
return 1
else :
return n*fact ( n - 1 )
print " 4. " , map ( fact , range ( 0,20 ) )
# Because the function is bound to the name fact , we can refer to
# fact by name inside the defintion of fact .
How can we do this in
# a one - line lambda ?
We can start by eliminating the self - reference
# in a fairly standard way .
First rewrite fact so it does n't call
# itself , but calls a function passed in as an argument :
def urfact ( f , n ) :
if n<=1 :
return 1
else :
return n*f( f , n-1 )
# We can then make a factorial function by calling urfact with itself ,
# allowing it to carry out the recursion :
def fact 1(n ) :
return urfact ( urfact , n)
print " 4. " , map ( fact1 , range ( 0,20 ) )
# We can use urfact directly without fact1 :
print " 4. " , map( lambda n:urfact ( urfact , n ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# Now all we need is a one - liner definition of urfact .
It 's tempting to try :
def urfact1 ( f , n ) :
return { True : 1 , False : n* f ( f , n - 1 ) } [ n < =1 ]
# But that results in non-termination because it evaluates * both * branches
# of the conditional .
In a lazy language like Haskell , the branch not taken
# would n't be evaluated .
But Python can be made lazy by using ... you
# guessed it ... lambda .
The expression lambda:x is like a lazy version
# of the expression x .
It does n't get evaluated until you apply it as a
# function of no arguments , at which time it takes on the value x .
So we
# can rewrite urfact as :
def urfact2 ( f , n ) :
return { True :lambda :1 , False : lambda : n* f( f, n- 1 ) } [ n < =1 ] ( )
# And we get
print " 4. " , map( lambda n:urfact2 ( urfact2,n ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# Note how we use urfact2 twice , so we need the trick above for local
# definitions to get it down to one reference :
print " 4. " , map ( lambda n:( lambda f:f( f , n ) ) ( urfact2 ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# And now we can replace urfact2 with a lambda
print " 4. " , map ( lambda n:( lambda f:f( f , n ) ) ( lambda f, n : {True:lambda : 1 , False : lambda : n* f ( f , n - 1 ) } [ n < =1 ] ( ) ) , range ( 0,20 ) )
# And that 's enough for now .
I expect that if we keep going we 'll find
# way to rewrite any Python program as a one liner .
You could probably
# even write a program to automatically ' compile ' a usable subset of
# Python into one liners .
# But you probably do n't want to do that .
Looks like iTunes 8 is really not playing so well with Windows .
Users of both 32 - bit and 64 - bit Vista are reporting getting the blue screen of death whenever they plug in an iPod or iPhone .
Downgrading back down to 7.7 appears to solve the problem , but not without some weird , but easily fixable , app - erasing hijinks .
Matt says that doing a clean install ( completely uninstalling your previous version of iTunes before loading up iTunes 8 ) has resulted in no BSOD issues for him on Vista 64 - bit , but that has n't been tested by the public at large yet .
Apple 's asking for dump files to figure out where the problem 's coming from , but until they post an update , I predict rioting !
Mayhem !
Pillaging of Apple stores all around the country !
Or just a bunch of Windows - based iTunes users grumbling into the night about how all the fancy schmancy graphics in the world can't make up for crappy software testing .
[ Apple Forums ]
Advertisement
You just must watch this clip ( courtesy of Live Leak ) .
CNN reporter Allan Chernoff talks seriously about the Lehman Brothers ' drama blissfully unaware of the fact that behind his back two bank employees are kissing and fondling each other .
CNN 's anchor Kiran Chetry then tries to rescue the situation by telling viewers that the guys were " trying to make light of a bad situation , pretending to console each other . "
Topics
More cellphone competition is on the way as Globalive Communications Inc. is aiming to have Canada 's fourth national wireless service up and running in the second half of 2009 .
The Toronto - based company made the announcement on Thursday after spending $ 442 million on wireless spectrum licences across the country — except Quebec — in a government auction earlier this summer .
Auction participants had been under a gag order since bidding ended in late July and were prohibited from speaking to each other or from sharing their plans with the public until Thursday .
At a press conference in Toronto , Globalive chief executive officer Tony Lacavera announced he was launching a website — wirelesssoapbox.com — where Canadians could share their ideas for what sorts of service and prices they want to see from the company .
" I 've never built a wireless company and we as Globalive have never built a wireless company , so we 're not going to claim to be the experts , " he said .
" Canadians have a lot to say about wireless and it's about time that a company did a lot more listening and lot less telling . "
The company has not yet decided on which equipment maker will build its network , although the field is down to two , Lacavera said .
Globalive plans to launch a test service with a small group of customers in the second quarter of next year , with a full roll - out coming in the " back half " of 2009 .
Globalive is a relative minnow in the Canadian telecommunications business , with about one million internet and phone customers — most of whom use the company 's
Yak long - distance dial - around service .
The company has partnered with Egypt - based Orascom Telecom Holding SAE , which is a major service provider in the Middle East , Africa and Asia .
Orascom has footed most of the bill for Globalive 's spectrum licences but is limited to maintaining minority control over the new wireless company by Canadian regulations .
In a conference call with analysts on Thursday morning , Orascom said its stake in the new company will require it to spend between $ 500 million US and $ 700 million US over the next four years .
Orascom expected to acquire majority
Most analysts believe Orascom , which is run by billionaire Naguib Sawiris , is establishing a foothold in Canada with the expectation the foreign ownership restrictions will eventually be lifted .
A government - appointed competition review panel indeed made that recommendation in June .
Once restrictions are lifted , Orascom is expected to acquire majority ownership of the new wireless venture .
The company — which will take on established incumbents Rogers Communications Inc. , Bell Canada Inc. and Telus Corp. — also said it aims to have 1.5 million subscribers in its first three years of operation , with a long - term target of 3.5 million .
Orascom said it plans to focus on the prepaid market .
Globalive had also counted Novator Partners LLP , a London - based investment company , as one of its partners during the auction .
Lacavera said the company is not currently a member of Globalive 's wireless partnership , but retains the option to join in at a later time .
Globalive was one of a handful of potential new entrants to emerge from the spectrum auction .
Other companies that won a sizable number of licences include Montreal - based Quebecor Inc. , Calgary - based Shaw Communications Inc. and Toronto - based Data & Audio - Visual Enterprises , which is run by entrepreneur John Bitove .
Quebecor and Shaw did not return request for comments , while a spokesman for DAVE said the company would not be making any announcements on Thursday .
Lacavera said he will be discussing potential partnerships with " anyone and everyone , " although Globalive is prepared to go it alone .
He also said he is open to the creation of mobile virtual network operators ( MVNOs ) , where other companies rent airtime on Globalive 's network so that they can sell their own services .
Virgin Mobile , for example , is an MVNO that rents airtime on Bell 's network .
Canada lags developed world
New entrants were given a leg up over incumbents in the auction , which raised $ 4.2 billion , when the government reserved for them 40 per cent of the airwaves being sold .
The Conservative government last year ruled that cellphone prices were too high and that the market was not competitive enough .
Canada lags the developed world in cellphone adoption , with only about 60 per cent of Canadians having a mobile .
In its presentation to analysts , Orascom said Canada is the only developed nation in the world with an adoption rate lower than 80 per cent .
The company also pointed out that more than a third of Canadian customers ' bills come from extra charges , like the system access fee and 9 - 1 - 1.
Canadian carriers also charge customers extra for features such as voice mail and call display , which are normally free in most other countries .
HTLonline Ltd is the Internet Service Provider hosting the majority of Terapad ’s clustered servers and datacentre infrastructure .
We have stepped in the prevent the immediate deletion of the thousands of customers using Terapad ’s online service .
As many already know , Sitejourney Ltd , the company behind Terapad .com , has closed its doors .
Sitejourney ’s management team gave the reason for closing the company that the figures were just not adding up and the company was not making enough money to make it worth while .
Our advice to all Terapad website owners is that they should make arrangements to use a new provider immediately .
Please note – Terapad is a proprietary platform - to the best of our knowledge there is no way to export a site from Terapad .
If you need to remove the content you will need to copy and paste .
HTLonline will continue to host Terapad ’s server infrastructure ; but ( and it ’s a big but – please read this carefully )
We Cannot Guarantee Uptime – Terapad ’s support team has gone , the best we can do if the system goes down is to turn everything off and on again .
If it does n’t work , we are not sure what we can do !
We Cannot Offer Support – Our Support team do not have access to Terapad ’s support or management systems .
We Cannot provide a date when this offer expires -
We are unsure of traffic levels , and how much this might cost us .
We have initially made plans to host the systems for 6 months , but as this is a venture into the unknown we may pull the plug at anytime , for any reason .
Do not rely on us to keep your Terapad website operational .
We Cannot provide Backups – the backup and DR system implemented by Terapad has gone , and its not coming back .
HTL produce great looking , great value , bespoke websites ( For more information and examples – check out the Web Design Section of our website )
We make use of Industry Standard Technologies such as Joomla and Magento to produce websites with a look and feel tailored to the exact requirements of the client .
Our clients can then use these content management systems to update the content themselves , or ask us to do it for them .
Our search engine marketing consultants can help to get your website noticed online , and our Datacentre support teams operate 24 x 7 .
Our Website Design rates are already amongst the best value in the country , but we would like to offer Terapad clients a special incentive .
We will move your content for Free – and offer 50 % discount on our hosting rates .
For example : A typical Terapad Website – rebuilt in Joomla with a custom design and custom features may cost approximately £ 400 and hosting from £ 120 a year .
If you are interested in this offer please contact us .
We hope that our actions have helped just a little in saving your websites from disaster .
Good luck Terapaders and when looking for a new provider please consider moving your websites to HTLonline !
How Long Is Steam Summer Sale 2018 ?
We Have the Latest News !
As the much - anticipated Steam Summer Sale 2018 is nearing its commencement , the excitement is intense .
We ’re confident that serious gamers are already gearing up for that day .
Others are saving up in order to buy some great deals during the sale .
Some are also creating their own wish lists as we speak .
Since this is the biggest Steam sale of the year , it ’s only right to get ready for it .
Now that SteamDB has already put the speculations to rest throughout sites and forums all over the internet , the suspense has now become more real as the day draws even closer .
According to SteamDB , they upcoming huge sale will commence on June 21 .
On that third Thursday of June , well - loved games and packages sold on Steam will present great deals and discounts that run from 15 percent up to 90 percent !
While SteamDB recognizes themselves as a third - party application that supports Steam , their announcements are reliable as they have been consistently sharing accurate Steam - related news and updates on their social media handles .
How long is the Steam Summer Sale 2018 ?
After they dropped the news regarding the sale on Twitter , people are now wondering how long the Steam Summer Sale 2018 will be .
Much of the fan speculations are based on the Steam Summer Sales in the past .
So , how long is it going to be ?
Well , it looks like Valve likes to keep the suspense .
To date , the Luckily , Polygon , Vox Media ’s tech news site , shared a little bit news regarding the matter .
Is June 21 the beginning of Steam Summer Sale 2018 ?
According to the piece , a screenshot from the Steam subreddit has leaked that the Steam Summer Sale 2018 will begin on June 21 at 9:55 a.m. PT and ends on July 5 at 10:05 a.m. PT .
The dates and the entire sale run reflects similarly to the past summer sales from Valve which is why , fans think that the timing is reasonable or trustworthy enough .
While Valve , has not confirmed these rumors , leaks , and speculations , it definitely did not stop fans from getting ready for the upcoming great sale .
Reading the " press " in this surreal climate right now , one is tempted to despair .
I 'm not giving in to it , because I still believe that the actual truth matters in the world .
If propaganda could win in the end against truth , then Bush 's approval ratings would be somewhere in the high 80s .
They are in the lower 30s .
In the end , the American people are not fools .
And facts are facts .
Right now , we are being subjected to an absolutely disorienting blizzard of lies and absurdities ( Palin is a lying absurdity ) from the McCain campaign .
The idea is to so disorient people , to throw so many new concepts , brands , lies , images , marketing and distortions at them that they will not be able to focus on the issues in this election , and the real choices serious people have to make .
But facts are stubborn things , as someone once said .
In the end , the fact of no WMDs in Iraq is indisputable .
The fact that Bush appointed a know - nothing apparatchik to deal with hurricanes is unavoidable .
The fact that Bush made no serious preparations for occupying Iraq is clear as day .
The fact that he and his party have added $ 32 trillion to the debt of the next generation is now part of the global financial system .
The fact that the Bush administration effectively withdrew the United States from the Geneva Conventions and have legitimized the torture of prisoners across the world is empirically indisputable .
The fact that Bush has failed to stem Iran 's growing nuclear capabilities is inescapable .
The fact that under George W. Bush , the country suffered its biggest attack in history , and the mass - murder of 3,000 people by religious fanatics , and that he was warned about this and did nothing is simply history .
The fact that in his presidency , the West missed a critical window of opportunity to develop new forms of energy and to wean ourselves off foreign oil is staring us in the face .
And the fact that after seven years , this president who once declared that he would get him dead or alive still has not apprehended the man who planned the 9/11 attacks is equally beyond dispute .
And the fact that under George W. Bush - far from finding and killing these monsters , we gave them a new sanctuary and did virtually nothing to stem or control the possible supply of WMDS to al Qaeda is equally indisputable .
It is equally indisputable that only one individual has been successfully prosecuted in the war on terror and he will be out of jail soon enough , because the evidence that could have convicted him could not be introduced into a court of law .
The New York Sun , the six - year - old newspaper with a conservative mind - set , announced on Monday that it would close after publishing Tuesday ’s issue .
The Sun ’s president and editor , Seth Lipsky , said a three - week search for new financial backers had failed .
Mr. Lipsky announced on Sept. 4 , in a front - page “ Letter From the Editor , ” that The Sun would shut down by the end of the month unless it raised new money .
Mr. Lipsky told editors and reporters who gathered on Monday afternoon in The Sun ’s loftlike newsroom in Lower Manhattan that the shutdown was “ a logical decision following a hardheaded assessment of our chances of meeting our goal of profitable publication in the near future . ”
As he spoke , the stock market was diving toward the largest one - day point loss in the history of the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
“ Among other problems that we faced , ” he said , “ was the fact that this month , not to mention this week , has been one of the worst in a century in which to be trying to raise capital , and in the end we were out not only of money but time . ”
The world 's financial markets remain at the eye of a perfect economic storm .
The architects of this almighty financial sell - off ?
The banks themselves .
The markets are in complete disorder , yet they remain unable to solve the situation themselves , and so go looking for a public sector bailout .
Risk management , the buzz word of the financial markets since the collapse of Barings Bank in 1995 , is clearly an oxymoron .
US institutions such as Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Merrill Lynch , Lehman Brothers and now AIG and Morgan Stanley have run into severe financial difficulty .
Two of those firms have hit the wall , the remainder have had to look for bailouts .
In Britain , Northern Rock 's problems are well documented , while increased speculation and uncertainty have led to a takeover of HBOS by Lloyds Bank .
And in the most glaring example of capitalism gone wrong , the Russian stock market was forced to close its doors for the second consecutive day yesterday .
For a system that is built and flourishes on confidence , the future is extremely uncertain .
These are clearly worrying times , and there is no real end in sight .
The banking system in the UK is technically insolvent - the value of outstanding mortgages and loans stands at £ 256bn while the value of deposits is only £ 160 bn .
A re-evaluation of the banks ' property portfolios and likely bad debts would paint a bleaker picture still .
Banks are not lending to each other , and the daily operation of the system is reliant on handouts by central banks .
Yesterday saw a massive $ 180bn of liquidity pumped into world money markets .
The authors of this horror story - the banks themselves - are not just technically insolvent .
They are morally bankrupt .
The onset of these problems dates back more than a decade , with the sub - prime crisis exacerbating the problem 18 months ago .
At both a micro and macro level , credit became far too easy to acquire , leading to businesses and individuals increasing their exposure at a record pace to record levels .
Who is responsible ?
Those same bankers that convinced you that another loan was not a bad thing .
Those same bankers that convinced every wannabe property developer that they should leverage their portfolio and increase their volume of business .
And unquestionably culpable were the investment bankers who wrapped up the sub - prime debt in exotic parcels and visited your offices to sell you this most fantastic investment vehicle .
The property market has collapsed and probably still has further to go , the tremors from the sub - prime crises are still being felt , and the combination of the two sees the whole financial system in peril .
Quite simply , the banks have traded recklessly over the past 10 years and have put everybody 's wellbeing at risk .
Anybody and everybody could get whatever credit they wanted as recently as three years ago .
I returned from Singapore in 1999 , responsible for £ 862 m worth of losses that brought down Britain 's oldest investment bank , personally liable through an injunction for £ 100 m , and yet within the space of a week had been offered five different credit cards .
Ridiculous !
Any central bank will tell you that the system exists on the premise of " responsible lending " ; but the experiences of the past few years clearly show this is utter rubbish .
Several more banks will fall by the wayside , and the ultimate cost will be borne by all of us .
Tens of thousands will lose their jobs , and that will create further pressure in an already exhausted marketplace .
For my role in the collapse of Barings I was pursued around the world , and ended up being sentenced to six and half years in a Singaporean jail .
Who is going to go after the reckless individuals responsible for this financial catastrophe ?
Apparently no one .
Who is going to bail out the businesses and individuals who are struggling at the moment .
The banks ?
Not a chance , self - preservation is the only thing on their minds at the moment .
The rest of us will be left to our own devices .
· Nick Leeson was the trader who brought down Barings Bank in 1995 .
He is now general manager of Galway United FC
All platforms : Mozilla has just pushed out Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 to their servers , marking the first major step toward the official 3.1 release .
They have n't yet officially announced the beta release , so the What 's New page is a 404 as of this writing .
Luckily we 've already covered a lot of the features you can expect , so hit the jump for a closer look at what Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 brings to the table .
Advertisement
Faster JavaScript
Advertisement
We 've shown you just how fast Firefox 3.1 is compared to other browsers , and most of that is due to the new TraceMonkey JavaScript engine .
Despite the fact that TraceMonkey comes built into 3.1 , you still have to know how to enable it to take advantage .
Here 's how it works :
Open about : config in your browser .
Paste javascript.options.jit.content into the filter .
Double - click the remaining preference to set the boolean to true .
Location Awareness
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Firefox 3.1 will introduce geolocation to the mix , streamlining the process required to get information from web sites based on your location .
In the current release of Firefox , you needed to install the previously mentioned Geode extension to get this functionality , but it comes baked into 3.1 .
Improved Ctrl - Tab 3D interface
Advertisement
We told you months ago that Firefox 3.1 would have a fancy new 3D tab - switching interface , but now it 's here and it looks great .
What 's Missing
From what I can tell so far , this beta release does not yet include Private Browsing mode or the smarter session restore , but it 's an exciting start .
If you give it a try , share your experience with the new features in the comments .
Advertisement
Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 [ Mozilla ]
Words helped get Barack Obama where he is today .
Elegant words .
Inspiring words .
Words that swoop and words that soar .
But as he campaigned Monday in Florida , it was the words of his Republican rivals that Obama used to urge supporters to the polls on the first day of early voting in this tropical battleground .
The Democrat ’s pitch , at Tampa ’s minor league baseball stadium and later alongside Hillary Rodham Clinton in Orlando , was straightforward :
There is nastiness afoot .
“ We ’ve seen it before , and we ’re seeing it again , ” Obama said .
“ Ugly phone calls .
Misleading mail .
Misleading ads .
Careless , outrageous comments .
All aimed at keeping us from working together .
All aimed at stopping change .
Advertisement
“ It ’s getting so bad that even Sen . McCain ’s running mate denounced his tactics last night , ” Obama went on .
“ You know , you really have to work hard to violate Gov. Palin ’s standards on negative campaigning . ”
The crowd of 8,000 roared .
Palin told reporters
Sunday that if she were in charge of the GOP campaign , she would not allow the automated phone calls that have flooded key states .
The robocalls cite Obama ’s passing ties to Chicago radical William Ayers , co-founder of the Weather Underground .
The Alaska governor said she would rather sit at voters ’ kitchen tables discussing issues than rely on robocalls and TV ads .
The Illinois senator skipped that part of Palin ’s remarks as he assailed his GOP rivals .
“ We ’re not going to be distracted , ” Obama said .
“ We ’re not going to be diverted .
Not this time .
Not this year .
Our challenges are just too great for a politics that ’s so small . ”
Advertisement
Obama criticized McCain ’s $ 300 - billion proposal to help stabilize the economy and ease the credit crunch by having the federal government buy bad loans and renegotiate for struggling homeowners .
The issue has particular resonance in a state that trails only Nevada in home foreclosures .
“ Guess what ? ” said Obama , his sleeves rolled up in the 80 - degree heat .
“ It would be paid for by all of you , the American taxpayer .
That might sound like a good idea to the former bank lobbyists who are working on Sen. McCain ’s campaign .
But that ’s not the change America needs . ”
Soon after , the Democrat used McCain ’s words to turn back his criticism of Obama ’s tax plan .
The Arizona senator has said his rival would cripple the economy with a massive tax hike ; Obama said his plan would cut taxes for 95 % of working families , raising them only for the richest Americans .
“ It ’s true that I want to roll back the Bush tax cuts , ” Obama said .
“ John McCain calls that socialism .
What he forgets , conveniently , is that just a few years ago , he himself said those Bush tax cuts were irresponsible .
He said he could n’t ‘ in good conscience ’ support a tax [ cut ] where the benefits went to the wealthy at the expense of ‘ middle - class Americans who most need tax relief . ’
That ’s his quote .
Well , he was right then , and I am right now . ”
Advertisement
McCain voted against Bush ’s tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 but supported their renewal in 2006 , saying business and investors needed “ a stable and predictable tax policy ” to sustain economic growth .
Obama repeated the charge in Orlando , accompanied by Clinton at a sunset rally of more than 50,000 people outside the Amway Arena .
Seeing the pair smiling , waving , arms around each other ’s waists , it was possible to imagine their long , angry fight for the nomination had never occurred .
“ Many of you supported me in the primary , ” the New York senator hollered as palm trees swayed in the background .
“ Now I am asking you to work as hard for Barack as you worked for me .
If you made phone calls for me , make them for Barack .
If you walked streets for me . . . if you talked to your friends and your neighbors , do it again for Barack . ”
Florida is a must - win state for McCain and , if less crucial for Obama , is nevertheless one that Democrats covet after the party ’s disputed loss in 2000 .
President Bush carried the state more comfortably in 2004 .
Advertisement
Obama ’s stop in Tampa on Monday took him to a GOP stronghold where winning is less important than holding down McCain ’s margin .
Orlando , in the fast - growing central part of the state , is more competitive .
Statewide , the Democrats enjoy a registration advantage of nearly 660,000 voters out of 11.2 million , up from a lead of about 370,000 voters in 2004 .
But the GOP has one of the strongest state party organizations in the country , and McCain hopes to overcome the registration deficit through a strong push among absentee voters and a high GOP turnout on election day .
--
Advertisement
mark.barabak@latimes.com
Barack Obama hit the stump today in Espanola , NM , and was relentless in his mockery of John McCain .
Download Download
" On Monday , he said the economy was fundamentally sound , and he was fundamentally wrong .
On Tuesday , he said the government should stand by and allow one of the nation ’s largest insurers to collapse , putting the well - being of millions of Americans at risk .
But by Wednesday , he changed his mind .
He said he would take on the ol ’ boy network , but he seemed to forget that he took seven of the biggest lobbyists in Washington from that network and put them in charge of your campaign .
John McCain ca n’t decide whether he ’s Barry Goldwater or Dennis Kucinich . "
After years of speculation and rumors about his sexuality , Clay Aiken has apparently confirmed that he 's gay in the forthcoming issue of People magazine .
In an unusual string of events , the apparent cover of the magazine was posted on
PerezHilton.com on Tuesday afternoon ( September 23 ) .
The cover bears a photo of Aiken with his new son , Parker Foster , and a headline proclaiming , " Yes , I 'm Gay , " with a subheadline that continues : " The Idol star opens up about his emotional decision to come out : ' I can not raise a child to lie or to hide things . ' "
Asked by MTV
News for confirmation , a representative for People neither confirmed nor denied the cover 's accuracy , saying only : " We can confirm that Clay Aiken and his son are featured on the next issue of People .
For the complete story , please visit www.people.com at 7 a.m. [ Wednesday ] . "
The news comes just weeks after the birth of Parker Foster Aiken , whom the singer has said he intends to raise with the child 's mother , his friend and musical producer Jaymes Foster .
Aiken and Foster met while he was a contestant on " American Idol " ; the child was conceived via artificial insemination .
In the past , Aiken has been apprehensive and even defensive on the topic of his sexuality .
In an interview with Diane Sawyer in 2006 , he famously called her " really rude " for asking .
" I do n't understand why it 's any of your business . "
When MTV News caught up with Aiken after the Sawyer interview in 2006 , he talked about why he feels so strongly about keeping his life private .
( Watch the uncut 2006 interview here , in which Aiken addresses rumors about his sexuality . ) " [ Knowing ] who I 'm dating and what kind of cereal I eat ain't gonna benefit anybody else , " he said .
" That kind of thing is not important .
I think there 's a distinction .
" I told you what mine is , and I think for each person , you do what 's right for you , " he continued .
" For me , part of the reason that I have anxiety is the fact that I feel like people are always staring at me .
So it 's important for me to make sure that I have my friends and vacation , and what I do at home with my family and that type of thing [ stays private ] . "
Aidas Bendoraitis on development with Django , Python , and JavaScript .
You 're gnawing on something for one reason or another , and sometimes instinct takes over and - whoops - you 've swallowed it !
If an inedible object is small enough and somewhat round ( coins and stones ) , it will often pass through the digestive system on its own .
Others need surgical intervention .
1. Knife
This x-ray of a knife eaten by a dog accompanied an article about the strange things dogs will swallow .
Veterinarians advise dog owners to keep dangerous objects away from dogs , even if they seem much too big to swallow .
Your dog can surprise you !
2. Rubber Duck
A Staffordshire terrier named Ozzie swallowed a rubber duckie whole rather than lose it in a fight with another dog !
The duck had to be removed surgically .
Vet Hannah Ferguson , who followed up Ozzie 's treatment , said : " It 's not uncommon for dogs to swallow strange objects , although they tend to chew them into little bits first .
" We did once have a Labrador which swallowed its entire bed , but Ozzie 's is certainly the most entertaining x- ray we 've ever seen . "
3. Toy Dog
Murphy the Labrador Retriever had a habit of eating socks .
He usually passed them with no trouble .
One day his owner took him to the vet over distressing symptoms .
An x-ray revealed that a plush fabric dog toy was lodged in Murphy 's stomach and could n't quite fit into the intestines .
It was removed endoscopically , meaning they reached in and pulled it out through his throat .
No word on whether Murphy went back to eating socks again afterward .
4. Fork
A 10 - year - old dog named Apachee in Raleigh , North Carolina swallowed a fork , with dire consequences .
The fork pierced a vein in his chest and he began bleeding around the lungs .
Emergency surgery saved him as doctors patched the vein and removed the fork .
Apachee is expected to make a full recovery .
5. Electric Blanket
If you told me a blanket had been swallowed whole , I would assume the swallower to be a dog .
Not in this case .
A 12 - foot Burmese Python named Houdini managed to swallow not only a queen - sized electric blanket , but the cord and the control box as well !
Veterinarians in Ketchum , Idaho had never operated on a snake before , but went ahead after consulting an expert by phone .
The two - hour surgery to remove the blanket was successful .
6. Light Bulbs
Ripley 's Believe It Or
Not featured this x-ray of a pine snake that had ingested two light bulbs .
The snake must have thought they were eggs !
7. Magnetix
Children tend to swallow small objects when they get a chance .
Every year , doctors see cases of coins and other small objects that toddlers swallow .
In most cases , the object will pass naturally .
Magnets can cause problems , however .
If a child swallows more than one magnet , they will attract each other in the digestive system and could rip through intestines .
Eight - year - old Haley Lents swallowed around 30 pieces of her Magnetix set and suffered eight intestinal tears .
It could have been worse without surgery to remove the magnets .
8. Key
Adults have their own reasons for swallowing strange objects .
18 - year - old Chris Foster , a student at Bournemouth University , had been drinking and did n't want the night of partying to end .
So to prevent his friends from taking him back to his dormitory , he swallowed his room key !
Foster had no recollection of the stunt , but sought medical help after being told of it .
Doctors took x-rays and advised Foster that the key would eventually reappear without surgery .
9. Engagement Ring
Simon Hooper wanted to propose to his girlfriend , but did n't want to pay for a ring .
So he visited a jeweler in Dorchester , England .
While the jeweler was distracted , Hooper swallowed a platinum ring !
Hooper was arrested and x-rayed , but police had to wait for three days for the " evidence " to emerge .
The jeweler says the recovered ring draws interest , but people do n't want to buy it because they know where it 's been .
10 . Swords
Sword swallowing can be a hazardous profession .
When you do it right , no medical intervention is needed , but there are side effects , such as sore throat , lower chest pain , and intestinal bleeding .
Are you surprised ?
Sword swallowers sustain injuries from their act at a higher rate than most performers .
Most injuries occur when the performer is startled or distracted .
For more harrowing x-ray images , see X - Rays in the News .
Metallica 's label Universal stepped in and canceled an interview with a Swedish newspaper last week after one of its writer reviewers said he got his copy of the album via BitTorrent .
The writer , Jonn Jeppsson , who actually reviewed an edited version of ' Death Magnetic ' , admitted he downloaded it from The Pirate Bay .
It seems that no matter how hard they try , Metallica will continue to make anti-piracy headlines .
After their bloody battle with Napster years ago , they were determined to keep calm when their latest album , ‘ Death Magnetic ’ , inevitably hit the torrents .
This time , Metallica ’s Lars Ulrich shocked everyone by saying : “ If this thing leaks all over the world today or tomorrow , happy days .
It ’s 2008 and it ’s part of how it is these days . ”
Despite this effort , it has n’t taken long for people to start a dispute over piracy .
According to a report , Metallica ’s label , Universal Music , canceled an interview the band had planned with the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenskan last week , after a writer there , Jonn Jeppsson , sparked off an anti-piracy row featuring him and The Pirate Bay .
Instead of reviewing the official version of the album , Jeppsson used an unauthorized cut called “ Death Magnetic : Better , Shorter , Cut ” , which contains the same songs as the original , but shortened .
If reviewing an unofficial copy was n’t enough , Mr Jeppson clearly enraged Universal when he admitted in his review that he downloaded his copy off The Pirate Bay .
Metallica ’s label Universal was not pleased , to say the least .
Talking with Dagens Media , Universal Sweden ’s Per Sundin said : “ The reviewer is referring to a torrent where someone has altered the original songs .
The reviewer explains exactly where one should go in order to download the file that is totally infringing copyright .
It ’s not only an illegal file , but an altered file .
The reviewer also writes that this is how the album should have sounded . ”
Showing that Universal is n’t happy about piracy , even if Lars seems to have undergone a road - to - Damascus - style recovery , Sundin went on stating : “ File - sharing of music is illegal .
Period .
There ’s nothing to discuss .
That fact that Sydsvenskan has a writer that has downloaded this music illegally and then makes mention of an illegal site in his review is totally unacceptable to us . ”
Hinting that Universal may stop sending promo material for Sydsvenskan to review he ends : “ We live in symbiosis with each other and we send them our artists ’ record for free for review .
But if they download the albums illegally instead , then there ’s no point in doing that . ”
Meanwhile , ‘ Death Magnetic ’ entered the UK chart at # 1 .
Never ones to turn down a chance to sing about vehicles , we ca n’t help but take a little inspiration from Zager and Evans : " In the year 2025 , if man is still alive , if race cars can survive , what will we find ? "
The Los Angeles Auto Show Design Challenge provides a glimpse , and it ’s freaking rad .
The annual contest allows the auto industry ’s most creative minds to exercise their genius without concern for bean counters or engineers .
This year saw them designing alternative - fuel race cars of the distant future , which in this case refers to that far off time 17 years from now when the world ’s oil reserves are depleted , electric cars glide on the crumbled remains of our roads and all of Angelina Jolie ’s children are old enough to drive .
As is so often the case when designers let their imaginations run wild , the cars they ’ve come up with are as unlikley as they are futuristic .
But that does n’t make them any less impressive .
Check ’em out and vote for your favorite .
Audi R25 Audi Design Center California
Built for the inaugural Los Angeles round of the American Le Mans Series 2025 , Audi ’s electric R25 looks like the latest offering from Schick and hopes to cut curves just as closely .
Like Hot Wheels ’ G - Force , it races upside down .
Like socks on a wool carpet , it charges from wireless electricity .
Ouch .
BMW Hydrogen Powered Salt Flat Racer BMW Group DesignworksUSA
We ’ll admit this one is our favorite .
A Rauschenberg - like combine of found objects , BMW has built a hydrogen car out of ( ironically enough ) oil barrels and other reused items .
We do n’t know how the ASPCA or PETA will feel about the addition of the goldfish at the tailpipe to check emissions , but any car that evokes the belly tank lakesters of the ’50s and ’60s is OK in our book .
GM Chaparral Volt General Motors Advanced Design , California
Let ’s groove tonight .
GM says this concept is meant to evoke the elements of Earth , Wind and Fire .
While the tail fin is vaguely reminiscent of Phillip Bailey ‘s hairdo , GM is talking about momentum capture regeneration , turbine extractors and PV panels .
It ’s also betting it survives long enough to see 2025 , a bet not all would take .
Honda The Great Race 2025 Honda Research and Development
Honda is such a showoff .
Sure , it ’s an expert in marine , automotive , robotic and jet technologies — but do they have to combine them all in one vehicle ?
Let ’s hope this Great Race ends up with a pie fight as cool as the old Blake Edwards movie and Honda ’s Great Race team fares better than its F1 team .
Mazda KAAN Mazda Research and Development
If all goes according to Mazda ’s plan , the E1 electric race series will suffer the Wrath of KAAN .
Of course , that ’s depends on California resurfacing roads with a " sub - level electro - conductive polymer that powers the electric cars of the modern world . "
Come 2025 , California will be lucky to fill in potholes on the 405 .
KAAN looks like one of those back massagers you can buy at a kiosk in the mall , but it ’s still prettier than the new Miata .
Mitsubishi Motors MMR25 Mitsubishi Research and Design of North America
Mitsubishi brings an " 8×4 " to the table , with active aerodynamics to maximize handling and omnidirectional wheels that keep the car moving forward regardless of where it ’s pointed .
We fear it ’ll as much an exercise in futility as piloting the four - wheel - steering shopping carts at Ikea
Mercedes Formula Zero Racer Mercedes - Benz Advanced Design of North America
The economic downturn of 17 years previous did n’t affect the wealthy gentlemen racers buying Formula Zero racers .
The " luxury racer " combines " the thrill of Formula One , the track dynamics of the bobsled or luge , and the grace and efficiency of yacht racing , " Mercedes says .
Sadly , it also incorporates the look of a rollerskate .
Toyota LeMans Racer Calty Design Research , Inc .
With a nose like Barbara Streisand , this shape - shifting , hydrogen - burning Toyota gets narrower while accelerating to 350 mph on a long straightaway .
It ’s got a robotic co-pilot , a virtual reality guidance system ( huh ? ) and photovoltaic cells so it does n’t need refueling during the 24 hours of LeMans .
Except at night .
Volkswagen Bio Runner Volkswagen / Audi Design Center California
The Legolicious BioRunner eschews a steering wheel in favor of direct electrical connections to the driver ’s hands and feet .
Proving they live in Los Angeles , VW ’s designers include an " arial reconnaissance drone " — what the rest of us might call a helicopter — that provides the driver a live video feed of the car ’s every move .
We suspect that VW will recruit former COPS " stars " to pilot the biofuel - burning car , as they always seem to perform amazing vehicular feats when the copter is following them .
Images courtesy of Design Los Angeles .
See many , many more here .
Warning : I think I hit more tangents than usual in this post .
Recipe is at the bottom if you wanna skip through the interesting tidbits about my family , negative people , my dish envy , and complaints about my kitchen .
Looking over some of my past posts , I noticed I have a habit of going on and on about how I love everything I post .
Thing is though , I DO love everything I post .
If I did n’t love it , I would n’t share the recipes with you because I want you to love everything I post , too !
Alright , now that I ’ve gotten that off my chest , let me start posting about this cake by saying : I LOVE THIS CAKE !!!
Furthermore , EVERYONE LOVES THIS CAKE !!
Grown men swoon for it , Children polish their halos and change their vocabulary to “ mother dear ” for it .
No cake I have ever had in a restaurant holds a candle to THIS one .
THIS is the ultimate in decadence and ….guess what else ?
EASE !
This is the easiest cake on earth to make .
Never have you stopped a show with so little effort .
This recipe came from my sister in law , Stacey .
Stacey married into our family about ten years ago .
We kind of feel sorry for her from time to time , being married into our brood and all , but since she had been a guest at my sleepovers as far back as third grade , she clearly came in with her eyes wide open .
She has learned to adapt quite well to the vast quantities of food we turn out everytime someone blinks funny and she has resigned herself to the possibility that being married to a Davis is not conducive to making it back to that size zero bikini .
She has also done the one thing that we all must do eventually : learn to cook just like Mama .
Stacey is a GREAT cook .
Thing is , she did n’t cook at all for the first half of their marriage ( she was a working mom ) .
Once she quit her job to raise the spawn of Bill ( my two sweet nephews , but spawn of Bill sounds better ) , she took up cooking and made up for lost time .
Now Stacey makes the best fried apple pies in the state and she frequently spends a day making twenty or so full sized cakes for my brother ’s catering jobs .
Still , as good a cook as Stacey is , her shining contribution to our family ’s good eatin ’ will always be The Butterfinger Cake .
Did you hear an angelic choir when I said that ?
Butterfinger Cake .
There it was again !
You will need : Devil ’s Food Cake Mix
( The cheaper the better , we want a good old coarse cake ) , Can Sweetened Condensed Milk , Caramel Topping , Cool Whip , Butterfinger Bar
My brother , Bill , took these pics and Stacey made the cake .
She has such a large , open , bright and sunny kitchen .
Not that I ’m jealous or anything .
I love my 6×8 dungeonesque walk in closet with appliances .
Really , I do .
~ Sighs ~
Prepare cake according to package directions .
When it comes out , poke holes all in it with a fork , just like we did on the Elvis Presley cake .
Do n’t stop til it looks like a swarm of four toothed mosquitoes attacked !
Dang , I did n’t know Stacey had the Fire King 9×13 dish .
Those were issued in 2000 and did n’t stay on the market long .
I got a bowl , but never the dish .
I really want the dish now . 🙁
Pour entire can of sweetened condensed milk and jar of caramel topping into bowl or glass and stir to combine .
You know what negative people need ?
A BIG OLD BITE of this cake shoved right in their mouth to sweeten them up !
When they come up for air , shove another bite in !
Hey , come to think of it , if y’all have any negative or grouchy people in your life , you really should make them this cake today .
Honestly , surprising them with this cake might just turn them around .
It would at the very least cause them to take pause and look at you in a renewed light .
Killing folks with kindness really does work .
I swear it .
I ’ve tried it and been successful every single time .
Where was I ?
Oh yes .
While the cake is still hot , pour the caramel / condensed milk all over the top and spread it around evenly .
Then let it soak in .
Oh my good lord almighty , this is gonna be good .
Crush your butterfinger bar .
I had to look at this a minute before I was able to figure out what it was .
At first , I thought Stacey had sent me a photograph of a bowl of cereal for some reason .
Sprinkle 3/4 of butterfinger crumbs over cake .
Now let it cool a bit .
I stick mine in the fridge at this point .
Waiting is really hard because I have got you wanting to eat it real bad at this point , do n’t I ?
Oh just wait , it gets so much better and you have to wait even longer !
Oooh , now look whose being negative ?
Alright , let me rephrase in a bright and chipper Mary Poppin ’s voice “ Oh just you wait , although it may still be a while until the cake is ready , the wait will be rewarded with such a delicious delight and you will have earned it through all of your selfless hard work !
You ’re such a good person for making this ! ” .
That was better . 😀
Once it is cooled , top with the whole thing of whipped cream and remaining butterfinger crumbs .
Refrigerate .
Now , you can eat this now but it really and truly should get good and cold before you do .
Alright so go ahead and eat a bit now if you have to , but just promise me you ’ll have another slice once it cools .
You may even need to have two or three slices once it is good and cold so you can make sure you are tasting it fully as it would be quite rude to serve something to others which you have not adequately tasted – for their own good , of course .
Aiming at the midrange market , LG will be bringing full touch handsets to the masses , by introducing their latest LG KP500 .
Standing at 11.9 mm of thickness , the LG KP500 may be affordable but not at the expense of style .
Borrowing its design from the LG Renoir , the LG KP500 uses the latest reincarnation of the proprietary LG Flash - based UI .
The user interface is thumb - optimized , but a stylus is also provided to assist handwriting recognition .
Unlike the LG Viewty however , the stylus here is tucked into the body of the handset itself .
The LG KP500 is not a high - end device , but once again it 's feature pack is optimized for affordability .
The KP500 does n't have 3G support , but there 's quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE for a true world - wide use .
It also has a 3 megapixel fixed focus camera , but there 's a 3 - inch wide touch screen display with a resolution of 240 x 400 pixels to poke around .
A microSD memory card slot , stereo Bluetooth , FM radio and an accelerometer for auto screen rotation and gaming completes the tally .
A virtual landscape QWERTY keyboard and office document viewer are also present .
Weighing only 89 g , the LG KP500 will land in Europe in October 2008 .
Its price will be announced later on , but we can't help but wonder what do they exactly mean by affordable - their most affordable touchscreen handsets are the LG KF700 , which currently sells online for around 200 euro ( 285 US dollars ) .
Related Posts :
We can also show you the official LG KC500 video demo :
Las Vegas is known as one of the most entertaining cities in the United States for tourist attractions and scenic views .
Throughout this magical city visitors from all over the world experience street performances , day trips , excursions , casinos , clubs , and fine cuisine .
Planning a vacation to Las Vegas along with fun activities will make your trip that much enjoyable .
The activities and attractions will bring you not only near a slot machine but , to fun and memorable experiences only Las Vegas can offer which is only the beginning .
Many visitors have discovered that there are many super cool fun things to do and see in the Sin city .
When you participate in these events you are guaranteed to experience the most topnotch activities that wo n’t break the bank .
The majority of activities to do in Vegas are great for families as well as singles .
One great attraction that is perfect for kids is LEGOland and sea world .
As a great way to budget it is always recommended and cheaper to purchase Las Vegas attractions online verses buying tickets at the gate .
These key tips are great ways in which you can have a fast track experience .
Las Vegas also is home to the world ’s largest fleet of supercars .
The supercar driving experience is safe and affordable .
The Las Vegas supercar experience starts from $ 99.00 and up depending on the package of choice .
It has also left over 200,000 satisfied customers .
Apart from the free shows , concerts and hotel stays , Las Vegas has some of the most best sightseeing tours offered on the strip .
The lively city is exceptional and truly displays all the glitz and glamour you see surrounding the major casinos and luxurious hotels .
Unique things to do in Las Vegas are endless .
One of the more unfamiliar hidden gems in Las Vegas is the tour for a neon sign graveyard .
If you are into culture , art and vintage scenic views then this is the place to visit .
The graffiti art work that is displayed in the streets in Las Vegas area is remarkable for photos and backdrops .
If you are looking for a good scare then the Zombie Apocalypse store is well worth your time .
Located right on the Las Vegas strip is where you will experience a once in a lifetime zombie attack .
This type of attraction while visiting Las Vegas is great for photos and social media posts especially on sites like Facebook and Instagram .
Soaking in some hot springs is yet another unique , great and fun yet relaxing activity to experience during your Las Vegas getaway .
The natural hot springs is ideal for the body to rejuvenate effectively and for sore muscles to heal faster .
The Bellagio gallery of fine Art in Las Vegas is one of the best kept secrets that exhibits the most noteworthy artists to date .
Artwork exhibited from Picasso and Degas just to name a few , truly makes this another unique activity to partake in .
Another fun and adrenaline packed activity to experience is the Las Vegas Rock Crawlers .
This activity includes crawling and climbing and is great for the whole family to participate in .
If you are looking to satisfy your cravings then eating good food on the strip is the best way to capture the different types of fine cusine offered .
Some of Las Vegas to restaurants include :
The Rivera
Tap Vegas
Let cirque
Another great way to explore the desert in Las Vegas is to experience Zion National Park .
This famous historic park offers some of the most amazing scenic views and everything that the southwest has to offer .
Las Vegas shows is a great way to engage in the action .
Every show is different offering great interpretations of past super stars and live musical performances .
Shows that are mostly booked is Michael Jackson “ One ” and the Ale Reve at Wynn .
If your looking to get a nice buzz you ever had in your life then happy hour at the infamous LINQ is your go to .
This high roller experience gives you the ability to get unlimited drinks .
With a great ambience and enough liquor to last the entire night , this is the place you want to go to when you want to drink big .
Between all the drinking , eating and experiencing great tours and shows you are bound want a break to sweat and release some energy .
A 60 minute class of circuit training at Seat 60 at the Cosmopolitan will aide in the exercise portion of your Vegas trip .
All in all , Las Vegas tourist attractions are simply endless .
From nightclubs to the daytime strip attractions the majority of guests respond positively and get more out of their vacation by preparing a detailed itinerary .
******* UPDATE *******
We ’re thrilled to let everyone know that the House bill passed !
Thanks to your incredible support we were able to overcome the NAB ’s efforts to derail us .
Phone calls rained into the congressional offices over the past 36 hours .
Just amazing .
We ’re not done .
We still need to get the bill through the Senate , which looks like it will be voting on the bill on Monday .
So stay tuned .
We want to make sure the Senators know how important it is for them support our resolution .
We ’ll be reaching out again to ask you for one more push .
Our deepest gratitude .
************
Listeners we need your help …
NOW !
After a yearlong negotiation , Pandora , artists and record companies are finally optimistic about reaching an agreement on royalties that would save Pandora and Internet radio .
But just as we ’ve gotten close , large traditional broadcast radio companies have launched a covert lobbying campaign to sabotage our progress .
Yesterday , Congressman Jay Inslee , and several co-sponsors , introduced legislation to give us the extra time we need but the National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) , which represents radio broadcasters such as Clear Channel , has begun intensively pressuring lawmakers to kill the bill .
We have just a day or two to keep this from collapsing .
This is a blatant attempt by large radio companies to suffocate the webcasting industry that is just beginning to offer an alternative to their monopoly of the airwaves .
Please call your Congressperson right now and ask them to support H.R. 7084 , the Webcaster Settlement Act of 2008 – and to not capitulate to pressure from the NAB .
Congress is currently working extended hours , so even calls this evening and over the weekend should get answered .
The central congressional switchboard number is : ( 202 ) 225 3121
Or to look up your representative , visit : https://forms.house.gov/wyr/welcome.shtml
If the phone is busy , please try again until you get through .
These calls really do make a difference .
This is a fork in the road .
Only massive grassroots opposition will keep us from another 50 years of top 40 radio .
It ’s time to take a stand and break the stranglehold of broadcast media on radio .
Thanks so much for you ongoing support .
Tim
Founder , Pandora
人類最後の日こと、初めてフルでビームが入る9/10まで残りわずかとなった。中の人の話を聞く限りでは、ジュネーブの加速器施設周辺で特に抗議活動が行われているという話は聞かないし、過激な環境保護団体が突入したという話も聞かない。警備上の警戒態勢もなく、実に穏やかな状況だそうだ。
そもそも、あの実験を過激派が実力行使で阻止することなど可能なのだろうか。聞いた話と妄想と憶測を織り交ぜて適当にシミュレーションしてみる。
Level 1 // 作戦開始、キャンパスへ侵入
これは猫でも可能だ。そこは核関連施設でも軍事施設でも企業秘密を扱っている工場でもない。すべての情報が世界に対して開かれたどこにでもある研究所だ。個人が侵入する難易度はその辺の大学キャンパスと同じくらいだ。ゲートにはバーがあり警備員が常駐しているがザルである。夜中でもない限り身分証のチェックは稀だ。
ただし多少厳重な要素もある。キャンパスは関係者以外立ち入り禁止で、一般の見学施設は外にある。作戦部隊や物資を搬入するために、車を勝手にキャンパスに持ち込むことはできないし、あやしい集団がうろついていれば警備員に身分証の提示は認められるだろう。加えて、ゲートの数自体が少ないこともセキュリティ上重要だ。例えばメインキャンパスは
2 km x 1kmといったところだが、自由に出入り出来るゲートは一つしかない。通勤時間帯だけ開くゲートがもう一つあるが、国境をまたいでいるので国境警備がいる。
作戦準備や本番で頻繁に通過することになる国境ゲートだが、EU/スイスの往来はわりとザルザルしている。ただ、無精ひげを生やしたまま車を運転していたら、トランク調べられたというような話も聞くので多少はチェックしているようだ。あまり派手に作戦準備をしていると、ビックブラザーや捜査機関に目をつけられることになる。
あまり関係ないが西に100kmほどいくとインターポール( ICPO)の本部がある。加速器から東に数キロ行くと、WHOやILOといった国連機関が集中しているので観光スポットとしてオススメだ。
Level 2 // ゲート突破、コントロール棟の占拠
環境テロリストの一部隊が衝突点検出器の一つを破壊するまでの道のりは、まず道路を挟んだ向かいにあるすこし厳重な区画のゲートを突破することから始まる。ザルなキャンパスと違って、さすがににコントロールルームや地下エレベータのある区画の警備はやや強化されている。施設のゲートは高速道路のバーのような簡単にへし折れるチャチな代物ではなく、校門でよくあるような横スライド式の重たい門になっている。車で突っ込めば間違いなく車が大破するだろう。
ゲートに警備員はもちろんいるし、門を開けるにはカードをしかるべきセンサーに通す必要がある。しかるべき権限とカードを有する内部者がいれば車で進入することは可能だ。もちろん、完全武装した部隊で強引に突破することもできる。原発や軍事基地のようなヤバイ施設と違って武装警備員は詰めていない。とはいえ武装集団が事をやらかせば迅速に警察なり軍に包囲されることになると思うよ。このような事態への対処は地元警察か政府の特殊部隊か、スイスアーミーか、
NATO軍か、なんにせよ外部の警察力に頼ることになる。 屋内に侵入 ゲートを突破して管理棟に横付けする。入口は暗証番号かキーが必要な気がするが、普通の扉なので爆破するなり協力者なりで突破する。ただの研究棟なのでコントロール棟には警備員はほとんどいない。セキュリティの厳しさは警備員の多さを意味しない。
コントロールルームの多くは地上にある。しかし占拠することのメリットは疑問だ。機能としては主にモニターと連絡であり、どこかの建物や部屋が独裁的に全システムを制御しているわけではない。加速器の各機能は独立しており、個別のコントロールルームが潰されたところで単に数十台の端末が破壊された以上のものではない。
ここまではそこそこの準備でも実行可能だ。
Level 3 // 加速器の待つ主戦場、ジオフロントへ
加速器の主リングを含む主要施設は地下100メートルに存在する。そしてジオフロントへのアクセス手段は極めて限られている。主リングへのビーム導入トンネルの他は、サイト毎に数少ないエレベータと搬入孔が存在するくらいだ。
搬入孔は実験開始時点にはふさがれているとして、エレベータで下ることになるが、途中の道のりには、二重扉のチェックポイントが存在する。エレベータまでたどり着いたとして、降下途中で緊急停止させられた場合は作戦失敗だ。途中下車や階段作戦は存在しない。
約一分後、エレベータがジオフロントに到着する。基本的に警備員はいない。最初に飛び込んでくるのはコンピュータの群れや冷却施設など、加速器まではあと少しだ。
Level 4 // 加速器：高レベル放射線、強磁場、そこで見たもの 放射線防護 加速器が存在する区画は完全に無人であり関係者であっても立ち入ることはできない。そこは高レベル放射線が支配する死の世界、加速器へ侵入するルートはすべて封印されている。たとえ何らかの事故や障害が起きたとしても、修理や部品交換で入ることもできない。放射線レベルが収まるまでしばらく待つ必要がある。そこでは一秒間に4000万回のビームクロスが起きており、膨大な量の高エネルギー陽子が撒き散らされている。また、ハドロンジェットに高速電子にミューオンにガンマ線とあらゆる放射線が飛び交っている。実験装置や周囲の外壁は放射化しており、ビームに近い場所ではシリコンがP型半導体に変化するほどだ。
加速器を破壊するには、この封印を破って禁止領域に突入する必要がある。
突入する環境保護団体がどういう放射線防護を考えているのか知らないけど、作戦時間によっては片道切符になるかもしれないね。ビーム由来の陽子に関して言えば場所によっては20kGy/yearを越えるそうだ。荷重係数５を適用すると、10万Sv/yearぐらいの放射線を浴びていることになる。人間の半数致死量は4Svであり、周囲の物質からくる分もあるので長居は無用だ。 酸欠と磁場対策 酸素の残量にも注意する必要がある。加速器は超伝導状態を維持するために1.9Kまで冷却されている。破壊活動に伴い大量の液体ヘリウムが外部に流出するため周辺の酸素レベルは急速に低下する。重たい酸素ボンベは必須だ。そんな人間が地上に結集していたら突入前に捕まると思うけど、武器や放射線防護もふくめてかなりの重装備になる。
あとは磁場対策。資料を見る限り、リターンヨークがあるので漏れ磁場は少ないと思うけど、ビルほどもある巨大な超伝導コイルにより非常に強力な磁場が存在している。強磁場に関しては何百キロもあるボンベが空を飛んだとか、ボルトが皮膚をかすめて壁に突き刺さったなんて話もあるので注意が必要。銃から爆弾からベルト金具に至るまで完全非磁性の物体で身を固めないと、悲惨な最期を迎える可能性もある。あと、電子機器の類は強磁場下で動作するかあらかじめチェックしておいたほうがいい。
防御 力255 検出器の一つは七階建てのビルほどの大きさがあり、外側をハドロンカロリメーター検出器という実質的に厚さ数メートルの鋼鉄の壁で覆われている。その辺の核シェルターや地下金庫よりよほど頑丈だ。これを破壊なり破壊して内部に深刻なダメージを与えるには相当な苦労が必要になる。100キロ200キロの爆薬でどうにかなるレベルではない。
警察や軍がすぐそこまで迫っており、悠長に爆弾を設置したり解体作業を行っている暇はない。突入開始からエレベータ占拠の後、警察が包囲するまでに運べる物資の量は限られている。非磁性の装備品、全員分の酸素ボンベ、放射線防護服、膨大な量の爆発物、エレベーターホールまで運ぶのも大変だし、ピストン輸送をするにしても地上部隊がどれだけエレベータを確保していられるか非常に疑問だ。
素人の過激派がそう簡単に遂行できる作戦ではない。
Level 5 // 統合作戦 あらゆる困難を乗り越え、致死量の放射線を浴びながら、決死の覚悟で一部施設を破壊したところで、実験は一時的に中断されるだけだ。修理が終われば再開される。 実験阻止に必要な損害は想像もつかない。全体の予算から見れば、いまさら100億200億程度の被害を与えたところで流れを変えることはできない。大型加速器は各パーツが独立性の高いユニットで構成されており、それらが何十キロも離れたところに点在する。一度事件を起こしてしまえば警備がはるかに強化され、関係者も芋づる式に逮捕投獄されるので、作戦に2度目は無い。
息の根を止めるには数十箇所の同時作戦が必要になるが、これは至難だ。
実験装置はデータ処理系まで考えれば地球全体に広がった存在だ。世界40ヶ国に20万CPUを越えるグリッド資産が形成されている。加速リング集合体だけをみても、一つの街ほどの大きさがある実験施設クラウドだ。これを全面的に占拠および使用不能にするなど、欧州の予算委員会かNATO軍でもない限り困難といえる。
それでも、グリンピースなら・・・
( 複雑な加速器システム、いくつものリングの集合体)
READER COMMENTS ON
" So Where 's the ACORN ' Voter Fraud ' ? "
( 36 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/14/2008 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
From symbol of the mighty oak , the strongest tree , to hybrid weed seed packets of destruction .
This pisses me off .
Like you did n't know already .
If the election officials were doing their job there would be no need for ACORN other than as a food source or planting oak trees .
But they are n't doing their job , they 're assholes .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... hearya said on 10/14/2008 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
Thank you Brad for exposing the hipocracy .
The folks attacking ACORN are up to old tricks and desperate manuevers .
As I told my Republican dad , you do n't have to be a weatherman to know which way the wind is blowing .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/14/2008 @ 7:40 pm PT ...
Herr Olbermann knocked it down pretty good tonight , so did Ms Maddow
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... mhanch said on 10/14/2008 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
Great article !
I will be forwarding this to people to read .
it is critical for people to understand .
Thanks again .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Douglas said on 10/14/2008 @ 8:09 pm PT ...
Such a breath of fresh air .
Great post Brad .
Thanks for all the hard work ... here 's to hoping the truth sets us free !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 10/14/2008 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
Hey Brad , THANKS !! for all the great reporting on this .
I 've been using your articles as daily ammunition in my " mini war " over this subject .
I 'm a moderator on the Kansas State Fans.com website .
I graduated from KState in 1991 with a degree in American Foreign Policy .
I 'm originally from PA , but went to school in KS and learned very early on just how conservative central Kansas is .
Anywho , I 've been waging a mini war with one of the other members on the site .
As you can imagine , KSF.com is populated primarily with conservative folks .
Most of them are pretty good though and we do have lively debates ( especially regarding politics ) .
However , there is one small group that is VEHEMENTLY conservative and religious .
When the news broke about the possibility of improper voter registrations on our site , I immediately did some research into the matter so I could counter the arguments ( if possible ) .
We 've got 4 - 5 threads a day now with screaming headlines , lots of exclamation points and much gnashing of teeth about " voter fraud " .
The sad and frustrating thing is , as I 've explained eleventy billion times to these nabobs , submitting an improper registration IS NOT " voter fraud " .
It only becomes voter fraud when someone actually shows up to vote .
So no matter how many Mickey Mouses ( Mickey Mice ? ) get turned in by ACORN ( or any other group ) , they wo n't be showing up to vote on election day .
In fact , the League of Women Voters did a comprehensive study of the 2004 Ohio election and found exactly FOUR illegal votes out of over 9 million cast in the Presidential election .
But no matter how many times I explain this whole thing , there are always more threads with " VOTER FRAUD !!! " coming on the boards .
UGH !
But I 'll keep fighting these pernicious smears , just as you 're doing .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... skippy said on 10/14/2008 @ 8:43 pm PT ...
good job , brad .
it 's imperative that all of us who want a fair election familiarize ourselves w/ these facts to counter the hateful hardly - ever - right wing meme .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Joey said on 10/14/2008 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
Where 's the fraud ????
State authorities found ACORN voter registration for Terrel Owens and Tony Romo in Nevada .
http://ap.google.com/art...8PYSvYxTe3QGgdgD93LVDS80
- See for yourself .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Rhetts said on 10/14/2008 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Great job Brad !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 10/14/2008 @ 9:18 pm PT ...
" Ann Coulter has committed voter fraud ... "
Bupkus .
That pile of garbage was tossed out long ago .
For the umpteenth time , Florida officials did n't even press charges .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/14/2008 @ 10:23 pm PT ...
Joey said :
Where 's the fraud ????
State authorities found ACORN voter registration for Terrel Owens and Tony Romo in Nevada .
Thanks for the link , Joey .
Would have liked it even better had you bothered to read my article above .
Even the last paragraph of it would have helped .
No , neither TO or Romo voted fraudulently or otherwise in Nevada .
No voter fraud .
Both were turned in as fraudulent registrations by ACORN , as they are required to do by law .
But thanks for playing .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/14/2008 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
Damail said : " Ann Coulter has committed voter fraud ... "
Bupkus .
That pile of garbage was tossed out long ago .
For the umpteenth time , Florida officials did n't even press charges .
Why not , Damail ?
Any idea ?
Especially since the Palm Beach County Police Dept. said ( as does the documentation ) that she committed two first degree misdemeanors and one third degree felony ?
Here 's a hint , as if you 'd bother to actually read it :
https://bradblog.com/?p=4538
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Lottakatz said on 10/14/2008 @ 11:30 pm PT ...
ACORN has been doing great work here in St. Louis for at least 25 years that I know of and they are periodically vilified by local politicians for their activism .
There are people in St. Louis that would n't have jobs , or a roof over their head except for ACORN 's community activism .
To see them vilified and used so shabbily , locally or nationally is painful .
The Republicans have no shame .
A link to the ACORN ' accomplishment ' list is at the bottom .
I recall some of these battles in St. Louis , most specifically the push for jobs .
CORE ( Congress OF Racial Equality ) was actively involved with this issue also .
St. Louis and St. Louis business ' would give large , new construction projects to universally white male developers that would bring in out - of - state , low paid workers and sub-contractors .
ACORN and CORE demanded local minority sub-contractors and labor be hired for some of the work .
They wanted a 15 % cut of the action for minorities .
Considering that St. Louis was about 45 % minority at the time , virtually guaranteeing an 85 % share of work to local Bigs in the construction industry and carpetbaggers was a pretty good deal but the opposition was thermonuclear in intensity .
Eventually the city ( as I recall the city stepped in ) did negotiate or mediate for minority hiring at some level though .
The right hates ACORN for a number of reasons and I just figure if they 're bichin ' about ACORN then ACORN is doing something right .
http://acorn.org/index.php?id=2726
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 10/15/2008 @ 1:31 am PT ...
Brad , this is great reporting -- but what 's going on in Ohio ?
It seems like Brunner is losing control with the latest ruling re : verifying voter registrations !
Are you covering this ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... JOHNNY P said on 10/15/2008 @ 4:31 am PT ...
This may be a bit off topic , but the hatred being stirred up by these allegations is sparking the calls to " kill him " .
I 'm not sure where these rallies took place , but I did not hear of the secret service taking these people into custody who were inciting violence against a presidential candidate .
I called the secret service washington branch to inquire tuesday morning and the rep .
said that they " probably " had dealt with these people .
I told him that it would be incompetent if they did n't take them into custody .
WE SHOULD ALL DEMAND THAT THEY SHOW ZERO TOLERANCE FOR THESE DEATH THREATS .
THEIR NUMBER IS 415-744-9026 IN SAN FRANCISCO .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/15/2008 @ 4:48 am PT ...
Olbermann " Crock the Vote " segment is now out , he debunks the ACORN myth with Allen Raymond .
Check it out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8vgR6WvcS0
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Anthony Look said on 10/15/2008 @ 5:04 am PT ...
Here comes the OCTOBER surprise .
The judicial assault , as evident in Ohio .
Voter suppression mandated by GOP stacked toe the line , lock stepped courts .
I wish Martin Luther King was still here , so we would march in masses to protest the assault on voters that has begun .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... gina smith said on 10/15/2008 @ 5:27 am PT ...
Brad ,
i typed this link onto my city 's newspaper site and a log cabin site came up .
http://www.bradlog.com/?p=6453
i do n't know what 's going on .
i put it on a politcal comment and now look like i want people to order log cabins any advice ?
gina [ Gina - I do n't think you should worry about it .
People can probably figure out the error , or you could make another comment correcting it by putting in the missing " b " .... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/15/2008 @ 7:06 am PT ...
... just because it's on TV Don't make it true .
... Just because it's on Radio Do n't make it true .
. . . and more and more often it's NOT !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Jack Tate said on 10/15/2008 @ 9:48 am PT ...
Would a CNN investigation be a more acceptable source ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRhrT22BsIY
Or is truth totally irrelevant to you ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... bvac said on 10/15/2008 @ 11:01 am PT ...
Jack Tate , how do falsely filled out registration forms , which by law have to be turned in to the state by whoever collects them , equate to voter fraud ?
If some dastardly ACORN radical registers mickey mouse and jimmy john's sub shop to vote , is his or her intent to go into the polls on election day and cast a vote for them ?
Exactly how stupid do you think the board of elections has to be to add those names to the voter rolls , and how stupid do you think the local election watchers have to be to allow the same person to walk in multiple times and cast multiple votes ?
If what I described is their intent , why would they register absurd names and known business establishments ?
Would n't they want to be more subtle about if they wanted any measure of success ?
My last question is , when Obama wins by lord knows how many votes , both electoral and popular , in November , how strong do you think your argument will be that he stole the election because of a couple thousand false registration forms in a few states ?
Is critical thinking a completely foreign concept to you ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... manonfyre said on 10/15/2008 @ 11:59 am PT ...
California GOP had Same Voter Registration Problems as ACORN in 2006 , by Steven Rosenfeld Faked names on voter registration forms .
Error rates as high as 60 percent .
Firing the people responsible for these errors .
Investigations launched by local and state police .
Sound familiar ?
This is not ACORN in the 2008 election 's final days .
This is the California Republican Party and its contractors in 2006 , when the same problems that are now dogging ACORN and providing political fodder for GOP attacks plagued an effort by California Republicans to register 750,000 people .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 10/15/2008 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Well ; said " Bvac " took the words right outa my mouth .
Poor Jack is seriously delusional .
Meanwhile I bet Jack also denies that the 2000 & 2004 elections were stolen by ELECTION FRAUD of which just ONE person can steal an election and leave no tangible trace .
Voter fraud is of ZERO concern as it would be impossible for enough people to get away with it to make any difference at all .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... John Dowd said on 10/15/2008 @ 2:24 pm PT ...
Hey Jack Tate --
Your CNN thing made me really mad , so I have written a lot .
I hope this comment is not too long .
It 's become more of an essay .
Maybe I 'll have to get my own blog .
Watch the cnn video closely .
Regarding the " ladies who have to go through the applications " that investigative - news - dude refers to several times -- take a good look at the black lady in the foreground .
If she is not in fact Bertha Lewis , the head of Acorn , then she sure is a dead ringer for her .
Slightly different hair , no glasses , but hairstyles change , and so do glasses / contacts .
So my bet is that the news dude is talking about " the poor ladies who have to check all those registrations " , and deceiving us about who they are , when they are actually some ladies of Acorn .
Then there is this bit :
" ... Some 5000 applications came in all filled out by Acorn and there they are , " ( video here shows one application form being folded by a black lady to go into an envelope - - NOT a pile of 5000 forms as audio suggests we should see ... ) " they went through the first 2100 of them and every single one of them , fraudulent ... "
Now look -- Acorn has to turn in , by law , all applications including those they suspect of being fraudulent , and they DO , and they flag them all .
They bundle them together even .
Yet we are being led here to believe that there just happened to be a run of 2100 bad ones in a row , all fraudulent , out of 5000 applications that should have all been good .
B.S. I.e. : that 's just preposterous .
My bet is that the " 5000 " forms they are talking about are the ones that Acorn themselves flagged as being ALL fruadulent and indeed , as expected , the first 2100 were , but then ( maybe ) they found one that turned out to be ok or maybe in fact all 5000 were fraudulent as expected .
But that does n't make exciting news .
No news in fact .
Note that News - Dude does NOT say , " Over 40 % FORTY PERCENT !!! of the 5000 applications received from Acorn in Lake County were fraudulent !
That would have been an even more impressive way to have reported it , so you can be sure that is NOT what happened or they would have said it that way .
It 's obvious to me that they are reporting half - truths here to make a point that is not well - founded by the evidence in hand .
Why would they do that ?
Why would n't they ?
Perhaps they are being paid , either directly by their employers , or under the table to say this .
We have seen fake news before in our mainstream media , hyped by willing shills .
I think that 's what is going on here too .
You can be sure there is a lot of money to be made by reporting this fake story that has no basis in fact .
Then there is " Jimmy Johns " , but listen carefully as they weasel their way though it without ever actually saying that the address on the application is the address of the sub - shop , instead of the legitimate residential address of someone whose name just happens to be " Jimmy Johns " because he just happens to be the completely reputable owner of that same sub shop !
Is the name fraudulent ?
I do n't know , but neither do you .
The point is that the CNN folks can't automatically know either .
And the news dude does not say emphatically , " I went to the address on this form , and it 's a sub shop , not a residence . "
Is n't that a more emphatic way of putting it ?
So why did n't he say it that way ?
Because it 's fake news .
Even if they are ALL faked , they were all caught , right ?
So where 's the big fraud ?
Note further the date , August 8th , 2008 of the Levi MacIntosh registration .
Levi's form is " obviously a fake " because Levi MacIntosh died in 2007 .
Never mind that poor Levi could have had a son with the same name .
Did they check that ?
We do n't know but never mind that .
Notice instead the date : August 8th was over 2 whole months ago .
Why is this registration only being vetted by the county just now ?
This gives some credibility to the Acorn administrator 's complaint -- the bald guy in the video who says that he wishes the election workers would do their jobs and process the forms when they send them in .
My bet is that the seasonal county election workers were all laid off for the summer as they always are .
The county has been letting the registrations pile up to process them all in one batch once the period for registrations is finally over .
Again this is what they always do , only this year , " Wow , Holy Smokes , Batman , look at the size of this pile !!! "
So : " Let 's find some way of getting out of having to do ANY of these ... let 's just disenfranchise ALL of these people , it will be so much easier , and besides , they 're mostly just black voters anyway , they wo n't REALLy expect to vote .
They 're used to it . "
I 'll bet the mostly conservative county has many reasons to want to get out of having to process any of these registrations -- it 's just work to them , helping their side to lose , so why do it .
Better to go with the fake meme that they are ALL suspect and should not be processed .
Or dump enough of them so that the polling places become madhouses of angry people complaining and not letting other voters get in , and make it all just a total fouled up mess , so that people have to wait hours and hours and never do end up getting to vote .
It worked once .
It should work again .
That 's my bet .
For the love of truth , John Dowd
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/15/2008 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
Jack
Tate foolishly said : Would a CNN investigation be a more acceptable source ?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRhrT22BsIY
Or is truth totally irrelevant to you ?
Is the " truth totally irrelevant to " me ?
Ironic question , that one , Jack .
As I reported last week , following CNN 's garbage report , here 's the ACORN statement on the Indiana " Jimmy John 's " case ( and the others that CNN apparently was unable to look into before misleading their viewers ) :
The Lake County Board knew about the questionable registrations today because ACORN flagged them for the board .
For example , the Jimmy John ’s card is one that a caller had flagged and labeled as problematic .
ACORN can get that caller to talk to the press .
I accept your apology .
But sorry , no soup ( or " voter fraud " ) for you !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... John Firestone said on 10/15/2008 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
The State of Louisiana has extended the broadest theory of enfranchisement in this country for many years .
Here , one cannot discriminate in voting rights on the basis of sex , race , color , creed , physiological state ( alive or dead ) or existential condition ( real or fictional ) .
In this state , these people actually vote .
ACORN is engaging in copyright infringement on the Enfranchisement Louisiana Factor ( ELF ) without proper compensation or acknowledgement .
They will be hearing from the Louisiana Attorney General within days .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... feed said on 10/15/2008 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
This is the real dastardliness of the RNC : " The left - wing activist group , ACORN , is now under investigation for voter registration fraud in a number of battleground states ...
We can't allow leftist groups like ACORN to steal this election . "
ACORN is under investigation ... but because of RNC / Republican fraudulent accusations .
There are some pretty smart people behind this smear campaign of ACORN .
These same people also know that by bombarding the public with headlines containing " ACORN " , " voter fraud " , and " Democrats " their base will beleive it is so , as they also know that their base do not think for themselves .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... bvac said on 10/15/2008 @ 9:15 pm PT ...
Yeah .
This whole situation follows the typical Republican M.O.
In 2004 , people like Michelle Malkin would make wild claims that John Kerry shot himself to get a purple heart .
Then the message would spread , and suddenly " there are serious questions about whether or not Sen .
Kerry shot himself in Vietnam . "
The cycle of bullshit culminates when scores of Republican delegates wear band - aids with purple hearts drawn on them on their cheek .
Kerry has officially been swiftboated .
So Republicans try to use U.S. Attorneys to dig up cases of voter fraud in key states , fire the ones do n't follow their orders , and then create a phony outrage / scare out of thin air .
The bullshit culminates with John McCain bringing up the " issue " at a presidential debate ( you have to admire his ability to repeat wild - ass conspiracy theories to a national audience when he is so far down in the polls . )
We 're in for a big ruckus on election day , I hope Obama is ready for it .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Project Humanbeingsfirst.org said on 10/16/2008 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
Voter Fraud , ACORN and GOP , and what ’s the fuss all about To : Brad@bradblog.com Wed , Oct 15 , 2008 at 4:17 PM Dear Mr. Brad Friedman ,
Hi , I read your coverage of the voter issues with interest .
Greg Palast too has made a BBC Newsnight documentary on this .
I am surely missing something here .
Perhaps
You might be kind enough to explain why this is relevant .
I wrote the following letter to Mr. Greg Palast , and I reproduce it below instead of duplicating its content for you .
This is a serious question because …
I ’d like to understand the relevance of this voter fraud [ issue ] , when both parties are already criminally engaged in the [ even ] bigger heist of America in a fully bipartisan and cooperative way .
Perhaps you can explain why anyone with a brain should even participate in this puppetshow designed for the entertainment of the sheeples mainstream masses .
Instead of educating them on how both parties , and both candidates , represent the same ruling interests , and how America [ itself ] has been hijacked [ such that all overarching policies for destroying the nation - state of the United States and ushering in world - government will continue unabated regardless of who occupies the White House ] , you seem to be contributing to the emotional brouhaha of the puppetshow to drum up interest as the drum - beaters for ‘ noora - kushti ’ .
That [ word ] , in my native language , means both teams work for the same promoters , and are putting on a show for the benefit of the public in a fixed - match .
[ The match is predominantly fixed not by election rigging , but by the pre-selection of willing participants – just like in WWF wrestling .
In electrical engineering , we call this pre-setting the ' Most Significant Bits ' which largely determine the outcome of any subsequent computation . ]
But since you are surely far more knowledgeable about this [ matter as you continue to focus on the bipartisan allegations of possible election theft , and not on the blatant in - your - face bipartisan theft of the entire nation which now makes these election processes entirely irrelevant – and if there was any room for doubt in the matter , it was surely eliminated by the bipartisan Congressional passage of the monstrous Wall Street bailout Bill which both parties and their respective presidential candidate endorsed ] , it must be only yours truly who is missing something .
Thank you .
Zahir Ebrahim Project Humanbeingsfirst.org Letter to Greg Palast / BBC Newsnight Appended
http://humanbeingsfirst....alast-theft-of-2008.html
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Mr M said on 10/17/2008 @ 7:30 am PT ...
Nice try on the spin Brad but using your own words --- B U S T E D ! ---
The charge is not that they are perpetrating VOTER fraud ( as the election is not yet held , thus no voters ) but that they are perpetrating voter REGISTRATION fraud which could lead to fraud .
Many states take a long time to purge election records so it is possible for people to vote over and over again at old addresses .
I also know of a way to vote at least twice in different areas because I see the potential for abuse where I work .
If it happens or not I can't prove but I have my suspicions .
If Democrats continue to cheat in elections , it will eventually destroy them as a party when it gets out and is proven .
Remember that in Milwaukee a few years back 7,000 more votes than people LIVE in the city were counted .
How could that be Brad ?
Hum ????
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... ANDRE 'A said on 10/17/2008 @ 9:44 am PT ...
Its guys like Brad and Joe the bogus plummer who have this country messed up and will sell out for a blow pop .
They think only about themselves , I am a union electrician IBEW # 716 Houston , card # A141204 , i say if they want to build it over seas let them sell it over seas .
What corporations want to do is move your job to China and pay 15 cents per day wages , build you car there then ship it back to America without paying import tarrifs .
The health care companies are now doing the same thing .
Why pay our Doctors 6 figures when they can get a doctor from India and pay this guy 40 grand a year to do what ever the administrator tell them to do .
Who wants a minimum wage doctor ?
So go ahead guys keep your head in the ground in the name of God , racism , the fact of the matter is corporations have been pimping you and your ignorant parents for generatons .
Its called divide and conquor , all the way to the bank !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... FAYE said on 10/17/2008 @ 12:45 pm PT ...
THE REPUBLICANS AND KARL ROVE HAVE DONE IT AGAIN .
INSTEAD OF EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT THE REAL VOTER FRAUD WITH THE BOGUS MACHINES , THE REPUBLICANS HAVE MANAGED TO GET THE MAJORITY OF THE NEWS MEDIA TO REPORT THIS BOGUS NON STORY .
IT GOES TO SHOW YOU THAT NO MAJOR NEWS OUTLETS ARE DOING HARD INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING ANYMORE .
( ALTHOUGH THIS WOULD NOT TAKE HARD INVESTIGATING ) THEY ALL JUST PARROT EACH OTHER .
THIS IS REALLY PITIFULL AND DISCOURAGING .
IF IT WEREN'T FOR THE BLOGS AND CABLE CHANNELS LIKE MSNBC WE WOULD HAVE NO CLEAR VISION OF THE TRUTH .
KEEP IT UP BRAD .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... JEP said on 10/18/2008 @ 5:37 am PT ...
Brad , before much longer , you will have the benefit a publicly exposed bona - fide conspiracy - to - commit - voter - fraud as a reference for your ongoing investigation ...
Consider that the concerted and illegal efforts of Republicans to cage voters , was safe for them to get away with until November 2006 .
Their arrogant , unrestricted use of caging , which you yourself have shown is illegal by most state and federal standards , could only be perpetuated without the enforcement of those laws .
Now consider the RICO laws ; from the Wiki ;
" The Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( commonly referred to as RICO Act or RICO ) is a United States federal law that provides for extended penalties for criminal acts performed as part of an ongoing criminal organization .
It also provides a civil cause of action for those injured by violations of the act . "
Lets not get too deep into the civil issue , every disenfranchised voter would be a legitimate victim , but that is n't my point .
Consider the first part , which essentially extends guilt to conspirators who may not have been perpetrators of the actual crime .
Now , ponder the extended line of highly connected McCain campaign perps and Rove - connected wingnut rank and file who could be quite justifiably included in that legal lassoe , ( Sampson , Goodling , Von Spassky , Griffin , Rove , etc. ad infinitum ) the implications are startling .
If voter caging , with the intent of blocking legitimate voters , is a crime , then the list of guilty accomplices from the past 8 years who conspired to facilitate that crime is pretty easy to trace , and that intent easy to prove .
Simply ask ; Cui Bono from fewer low - income and blue - collar voters ?
Until the majority swung so hard against them in 2006 , the Republican Party was the sole beneficiary of this voter fraud .
By institutionally disenfranchising ( which is a massive crime that requires a vast conspiracy of entrenched lawmakers ) low - income and typically Democratic voters in micro-selected demographics like Ohio in 2004 , they could push a closely divided public to the right of it's real center fulcrum .
And because they were in control of the Executive Branch , they agreeably ignored the clearly criminal caging committed by their own operatives , which in essence makes the Executive Branch co-conspirators in the crime of felony voter obstruction , and subject to the RICO laws installed in our legal code .
Had they abandoned their mischief this time around , they might have put some legal distance between themselves and their culpability .
But this current vote - supression redux is one more bit of hubris , and exposes the entire house of cards to fresh scrutiny by the 111th Congress and their Commander in Chief .
Brad , your work has been instrumental in exposing the weak underbelly of this vote - suppresssion beast , you have revealed the very basic fact that they can not stand up to public scrutiny .
Shine a light on their profanity , and they run for cover .
It 's my guess there 's an octopus in the middle of this RICO case .
Just trace the still - active voter - caging strategists and perps back to their most powerfully connected roots .
Anyone want to bet the scent of that old Texas Turdblossom , and the cowpie it rises from , stinks at the center of it all .
Do n't let up .
Keep after em ' .
You have slain a mythical anti-democracy dragon , that is not so mythical after all .
If the pen is mightier than the sword , the what 's your keyboard worth ?
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Bilse said on 10/18/2008 @ 8:18 am PT ...
Brad ,
We 're up against a propaganda machine that Hitler would 've been envious of .
It is major league .
It takes the breath away !
The only reason its defenders do n't seek the truth is because they do n't want truth .
They want victory , no matter how it 's acheived .
I see no reason to believe they wo n't use their infernal machines to cook this election , also .
Why on Earth is proprietary source code not against the law ?
What kind of show are we putting on in this country ?
I 'm looking forward with trepidation to seeing how often Obama leads in exit polls , then loses the State .
America , land of the free .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Mary said on 10/21/2008 @ 9:35 am PT ...
My sister in Ohio writes : " They have indicted most of the Acorn people here .
They have subpeonaed voters who registered more than 100 times each .
Each time with a different address .
They said they were pressured by Acorn even after they told them they already were registered voters .
This caused voiding of the people who actually lived at those addresses .
There have been more than 10,000 registrations thrown out since the investigation .
It is a BIG issue here . "
I want to know what the truth is about this in Cleveland , Ohio !
Why are n't you commenting about this ?
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Josh said on 11/5/2008 @ 6:54 am PT ...
Illustration by KAL
THE most audacious move of the race so far is also , potentially , the most self - destructive .
John McCain 's choice of Sarah Palin as his running - mate has set the political atmosphere alight with both enthusiasm and dismay .
Mr McCain has based his campaign on the idea that this is a dangerous world — and that Barack Obama is too inexperienced to deal with it .
He has also acknowledged that his advanced age — he celebrated his 72nd birthday on August 29th — makes his choice of vice - president unusually important .
Now he has chosen as his running mate , on the basis of the most cursory vetting , a first - term governor of Alaska .
The reaction from inside the conservative cocoon was at first ecstatic .
Conservatives argued that Mrs Palin embodies the “ real America ” — a moose - hunting hockey mum , married to an oil - worker , who has risen from the local parent - teacher association to governing the geographically largest state in the Union .
They praise her as a McCain - style reformer who has taken on her state 's Republican establishment and has a staunch pro-life record ( her fifth child has Down 's syndrome ) .
Who better to harpoon the baby - murdering elitists who run the Democratic Party ?
Mrs Palin was greeted like the reincarnation of Ronald Reagan by the delegates , furious at her mauling at the hands of the “ liberal media ” .
And she delivered a tub - thumping speech , underlining her record as a reforming governor and advocate of more oil - drilling , and warning her enemies not to underestimate her ( “ the difference between a hockey mum and a pitbull — lipstick ” ) .
But once the cheering and the chanting had died down , serious questions remained .
The political calculations behind Mr McCain 's choice hardly look robust .
Mrs Palin is not quite the pork - busting reformer that her supporters claim .
She may have become famous as the governor who finally killed the infamous “ bridge to nowhere ” — the $ 220 m bridge to the sparsely inhabited island of Gravina , Alaska .
But she was in favour of the bridge before she was against it ( and told local residents that they were n't “ nowhere to her ” ) .
As mayor of Wasilla , a metropolis of 9,000 people , she initiated annual trips to Washington , DC , to ask for more earmarks from the state 's congressional delegation , and employed Washington lobbyists to press for more funds for her town .
Nor is Mrs Palin well placed to win over the moderate and independent voters who hold the keys to the White House .
Mr McCain 's main political problem is not energising his base ; he enjoys more support among Republicans than Mr Obama does among Democrats .
His problem is reaching out to swing voters at a time when the number of self - identified Republicans is up to ten points lower than the number of self - identified Democrats .
Mr McCain needs to attract roughly 55 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats to win the election .
But it is hard to see how a woman who supports the teaching of creationism rather than contraception , and who is soon to become a 44 - year - old grandmother , helps him with soccer moms in the Philadelphia suburbs .
A Rasmussen poll found that the Palin pick made 31 % of undecided voters less likely to plump for Mr McCain and only 6 % more likely .
The moose in the room , of course , is her lack of experience .
When Geraldine Ferraro was picked as Walter Mondale 's running - mate , she had served in the House for three terms .
Even the hapless Dan Quayle , George Bush senior 's sidekick , had served in the House and Senate for 12 years .
Mrs Palin , who has been the governor of a state with a population of 670,000 for less than two years , is the most inexperienced candidate for a mainstream party in modern history .
Inexperienced and Bush - level incurious .
She has no record of interest in foreign policy , let alone expertise .
She once told an Alaskan magazine : “ I 've been so focused on state government ; I have n't really focused much on the war in Iraq . ”
She obtained an American passport only last summer to visit Alaskan troops in Germany and Kuwait .
This not only blunts Mr McCain 's most powerful criticism of Mr Obama .
It also raises serious questions about the way he makes decisions .
Vetted for 15 minutes
Mr McCain had met Mrs Palin only once , for a 15 - minute chat at the National Governors ' Association meeting , before summoning her to his ranch for her final interview .
The New York Times claims that his team arrived in Alaska only on August 28th , a day before the announcement .
As a result , his advisers seem to have been gobsmacked by the Palin show that is now playing on the national stage .
She has links to the wacky Alaska Independence Party , which wants to secede from the Union .
She is on record disagreeing with Mr McCain on global warming , among other issues .
The contrast with Mr Obama 's choice of the highly experienced and much - vetted Joe Biden is striking .
Mr McCain 's appointment also raises more general worries about the Republican Party 's fitness for government .
Up until the middle of last week Mr McCain was still considering two other candidates whom he has known for decades : Joe Lieberman , a veteran senator , independent Democrat and Iraq war hawk , and Tom Ridge , a former governor of Pennsylvania ( a swing state with 21 Electoral College votes ) and the first secretary of homeland security .
Mr McCain reluctantly rejected both men because their pro-choice views are anathema to the Christian right .
The Palin appointment is yet more proof of the way that abortion still distorts American politics .
This is as true on the left as on the right .
But the Republicans seem to have gone furthest in subordinating considerations of competence and merit to pro-life purity .
One of the biggest problems with the Bush administration is that it appointed so many incompetents because they were sound on Roe v Wade .
Mrs Palin 's elevation suggests that , far from breaking with Mr Bush , Mr McCain is repeating his mistakes .
Malicious ISP
Atrivo has lost the confidence and support of the last upstream provider willing to do business with the company .
Up until last Saturday , Pacific Internet Exchange ( PIE ) had kept Atrivo connected to the rest of the world , but evidently felt the cost of doing business with the rot - filled ISP was too high to justify .
Pacific was the last company to get the memo on that particular decision , but as of Saturday , Atrivo is offline .
The chain of events that ultimately led to Atrivo 's shutdown may have been touched off by an August report from HostExploit on the company 's illegal endeavors .
At the time , Atrivo was a major hub of illegal activity ; some 66 percent of the fake antivirus scanners and false malware - laden " codecs " were on Atrivo 's network .
The situation also persisted over time , a significant indication that Atrivo 's disproportionate share of the malware market was no mere blip or oversight .
Atrivo had a long - standing reputation as a bad seed , and HostExploit 's report was the final straw for a number of upstream providers .
Just weeks after the document was published , Global Networks , WVFiber , and Bandcon all dropped Atrivo as a customer .
The President of PIE , David Grieshaber , is a long - time friend of Atrivo founder Emil Kacperski and offered to help his beleaguered friend out , provided certain conditions were met .
As Grieshaber told the Washington Post : " I told him [ Kacperski ] , you 've got to put up a Web site , an official abuse reporting and ticketing system , and some real contact information so that people can get in touch with you and know their complaints are being heard . "
Ultimately , however , Atrivo proved too much of a bad apple for PIE to swallow .
It 's not clear when , exactly , PIE and Intercage / Atrivo began peering , but it was n't long before the amount of garbage spewing out of Atrivo led Spamhaus to put PIE on its block list .
Spamhaus ' action put PIE in an extremely difficult position ( and probably ticked off quite a few customers ) .
In the end , friendship could n't overcome the cost of doing business .
As for Emil , Atrivo 's founder insists that he operated above the board and received virtually no complaints about the websites his company hosted , and adamantly defended his actions to the Washington Post , saying : " The truth is that nobody 's been reporting this stuff , but it 's illegal for me to just sniff around each and every site on my network and say , ' Hey , what are you up to ? , ' Kacperski told the Post .
" But if there 's a complaint , then I can deal with it , I have to deal with it .
Instead of complaints , I get people labeling me as some kind of mafia kingpin or crime boss . "
If HostExploit 's report is correct , Kacperski would n't have had to look very hard ; research demonstrated that some 78 percent of the company 's domains and servers were hostile .
Again , the sheer size of the problem confounds any sort of " it happens to everyone " defense .
Kacperski may be telling the truth when he says he received virtually no complaints , but such a situation is n't hard to engineer .
Obtuse contact forms that require extremely specific information ( the details of which are all spelled out in the very fine print ) , combined with aggressive e-mail filtering , could easily leave the owner with almost no complaints to answer , because " whoops , " all those other e-mails got dumped in the trash .
Taking Atrivo offline will only cause a minor blip ( if that ) in the flow of malware across the Internet , but it at least eliminates a parasite we know was doing business in the US as a legitimate company .
We 'll never win the war this way , but security researchers in general , and the folks at HostExploit in particular , can still take pride in having won a battle .
Update :
The victory celebration is short - lived indeed .
As some readers have observed , Atrivo ( operating as Intercage ) is back up and online , courtesy of IP upstream provider UnitedLayer .
The white hats , in this case , may still have one —
Intercage 's owner has pledged to cease all business with Esthost , a notorious malware haven itself , and has vowed to create a new , transparent system for customers to contact the company .
There 's no word on whether or not jettisoning Esthost ( and possibly EstDomains ) will affect the shell - corporation - loving Directi Group , which we also discussed early this September , but it would n't be surprising if the Atrivo aftershocks continue to ripple down the malware chain of command .
That ’s the question this analysis by AP writer Ted Anthony poses :
The Republican message about the Palin offspring comes across as contradictory :
Hey , media , leave those kids alone — so we can use them as we see fit .
If you doubt this scenario , consider this :
On Wednesday morning , a teenage boy from Alaska stood in a receiving line on an airport tarmac , being glad - handed by the potential next president of the United States — because he got his girlfriend pregnant .
TV cameras were lined up in advance .
The mind boggles .
“ Either the children are out of bounds , and you do n’t put them in the photo ops , or you do n’t complain when somebody wants to talk about them .
You ca n’t have it both ways , ” said John Matviko , a professor at West Liberty State College in West Virginia and editor of “ The American President in Popular Culture . ”
“ Right now , it looks like they ’re being used by the campaign more than the media are using them , ” he said .
[ …]
Using one ’s relatives as accessories in the political arena can have its pitfalls , despite McCain ’s remark to ABC News on Wednesday that Palin has “ got an incredible resume , including a beautiful family . ”
Candidates open themselves to charges of hypocrisy if they demand the ability to boast but reject the attention that can ensue when the road gets rougher .
McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds , however , takes issue with that conclusion .
He says both positions are possible .
“ There ’s a long - standing precedent of children of the candidates being in the public eye as members of families involved in public service , ” Bounds said Wednesday night .
“ There is also a long - standing precedent of candidates ’ children being left out of the hardball politics of campaigning for higher office . ”
Linux users have always vocally encouraged major hardware vendors to unbundle the Windows operating system or offer Linux preinstallation .
Although several prominent vendors are beginning to embrace this concept , they only support it on a limited subset of their hardware offerings .
This means that Linux users often pay for a Windows license that they never use , and it also means that Linux users are forever attempting to recoup the " Windows tax . "
The cost of the Windows license bundled with OEM computers has long been a source of ire for Linux enthusiasts who erase unused Windows installations .
The controversy surrounding the so - called Windows tax flared up again this week following a report that Lenovo has agreed to reimburse a buyer for an unused Windows preinstallation license , but only if the individual would sign a nondisclosure agreement .
Czech open source site AbcLinux.cz has published the story of Kamil Paral , a Lenovo customer who attempted to obtain a reimbursement for the unused Windows Vista Business license on his new laptop .
A clause in the Windows end user license agreement ( EULA ) says that consumers who do not accept all the terms of the license can return the software for a full refund .
When Paral brought this aspect of the license to the attention of Lenovo , the company agreed to pay him roughly $ 130 for terminating the license .
In order to complete the agreement , however , Lenovo insisted that Paral sign a nondisclosure agreement that would effectively bar him from talking about the deal .
Paral refused , then took the story to AbcLinux.cz , which gave him an equivalent amount of money for telling his story to the world .
Although this case may not be particularly unique , it reflects the challenges that consumers face when they attempt to terminate an unused Windows license with the intention of obtaining a refund .
Further reading
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The body of an aristocrat who died nearly 90 years ago has been exhumed in the hope that it will help scientists combat a future flu pandemic .
Yorkshire landowner Sir Mark Sykes died in France in 1919 from Spanish flu .
Sir Mark was buried in a lead coffin which scientists hope may have helped preserve the virus .
They believe his remains will help piece together the DNA of Spanish flu , which could have a similar genetic structure to modern bird flu .
This knowledge , added to major breakthroughs by American scientists last year , could help prevent a modern pandemic through the development of new drugs .
A church court covering the Diocese of York has authorised the exhumation of the body of Sir Mark , who owned historic Sledmere House near Driffield , after permission was given by his grandchildren .
His body will have to be examined in a special air - tight laboratory to avoid any risk of contamination .
Death toll Researchers from BBC One's Inside
Out programme have tracked down contemporary records of Sir Mark 's funeral at St Mary 's Church , Sledmere , and other archive documents to help a medical team from St Barts and the Royal London Hospitals .
Sir Mark died towards the end of the Spanish flu outbreak which killed more than 50 million people when it took hold at the end of World War I .
The death toll was compounded by large population movements during the war .
Sir Mark , who was also a politician tipped as a future prime minister and a diplomat , was working for the government in the Middle East where he helped draw up the national boundaries that still exist in the region today .
He sailed home from Syria via London , where it is thought he contracted the virus , and died on 16 February at the Hotel Lotti during peace negotiations in Paris .
BBC
One viewers in Yorkshire can see more on the story on Inside Out on Wednesday at 1930 BST
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Increase online sales 120 %
Engaging your customers the right way can help you more than double webshop orders .
We know - we helped a major telco company do just that with a friendly online chatbot .
multiuser
Hg access w/o shell account ?
Hi Tom , Tom Marble < Tom .
Marble at ...> writes : >
The use case I 'm trying to work on is Mercurial best practices > for setting up a multi-user repository .
I just happened to have setup such a beast :)
http://icedtea.classpath.org/hg/ [*]
Let me know if you want access to the machine so you can look at the setup yourself .
>
My assumptions are : > - I only want to support push via ssh ( not http ) because > of more secure authentication and optional compression > -
I want control of exactly what kind of shell privileges > each user has > - Setting up ssh for password - less operation is understood [ 1 ] > -
In reviewing the man page for " hg push " [ 2 ] it is clear > that a shell account is required for ssh pull / push to work .
> - I'm a Mercurial newbie and may have missed the FAQ > entry for this on [ 3 ]
The mercurial site , documentation , faq and wiki are pretty good .
Make sure to read it all !
( Although some of the things about the ssh setup are n't completely spelled out . )
For icedtea we ended up with the hg-ssh script like Mark suggested .
Tom did first try to setup webdav and http - authentication support , but that did n't really work out .
>
It would seem the most convenient way to handle multiuser > access then would be to add a local account for each authorized > remote user who will have commit access where each user is a member of > the same local UNIX group ( for whatever nsswitch .
conf authentication > mechanism is used on the Hg server ) and ( for Hg only users ) > the shell is set to / bin / rbash [ 4 ] .
The user(s ) who will > administer
Hg on the server must also be in the same UNIX > group and the .hg files must be set for group write permission .
We created a group icedtea that all ssh-hg users are added to .
Users that only need hg access get a disabled password and login ( on debian : adduser -- ingroup icedtea -- disabled - password -- disabled - login ) and get a .ssh / authorized_key file with the following in it : command= " cd / && hg - ssh hg /* " , no - port - forwarding , no - X11 - forwarding , no - agent - forwarding [ key id and data ]
That way they can only access repositories under /hg ( there are only two testrepo and icedtea ) but for specific users you can specify more or less repositories .
They can then start by hg clone ssh://icedtea.classpath.org/hg/testrepo >
An example of grabbing a mercurial snapshot , adding a file > and pushing it back to the server is shown below [ 5 ] . > >
I 'm assuming that adding many remote committers would be > fairly straightforward and scriptable .
It seems that rbash > can sufficiently control shell account usage .
What seems tricky > is exactly how group write permission must be maintained [ 6 ] .
>
Should the umask be set to 002 in . bash_profile ( i.e. fixed > via ssh ) ?
Or should one of the Mercurial hooks be used ?
umask setting was the hardest to get right .
Depending on how users start their session you can either set it in /etc / login.def or /etc / profile , but the most reliable way was to do it through pam .
And debian aptitude install libpam - umask
And add the following line to the /etc / pam.d / common-session file : # Explicitly set umask so we have group writable files .
session optional pam_umask .so umask=0002 >
Are there alternative best practices for multiuser > commit access via ssh ?
The other cool thing to look at is hgwebdir.cgi which can give you both a public view of the changelog and make it easily possible to allow anybody to clone and pull the repositories over http .
I can send you the apache config.d/hg.conf and hgwebdir.config files if you are interested .
Cheers , Mark [*]
Actually I setup subversion , since I knew how to quickly do that , with a complete read / write copy of openjdk , but the IcedTea team did n't want that because they were afraid that would be interpreted as a fork of openjdk , not as an additional / experimental patchset and they really wanted to use Mercurial so they were prepared for the OpenJDK future :)
Dans n'importe quel pays dans le monde , il existe une cuisine .
La est un liant , pratique et un moment qui rassemble les personnes entre elles .
Chaque a des specificites , a identite propre la differencie autres cuisines .
Cette le reflet de la population en a
25 € Détails / Commande
While still a nascent operation , the Pensioner Party ’s message resonates broadly with voters in Germany and across Europe .
With a higher birthrate and greater immigration , the United States faces a less acute problem with government pension benefits , despite periodic flare - ups over Social Security and fears about the long - term fiscal stability of the pension systems for many state and local government workers .
Image Changes in public pension rules have caused outcries in Europe , including a demonstration in May on the streets of Marseille , France .
Credit ...
Philippe Laurenson / Reuters
Most of the costs of an aging American society have to do with skyrocketing health care costs  far less of a problem in Europe .
The widespread use of private pensions and employer - based savings plans in the United States also eases the pressure on taxpayers to pay retirement costs .
But in much of Europe , the need for change is more pressing .
State pension costs as a percentage of gross domestic product are edging steadily upward .
In France , for example , they will reach 14.8 percent in 2050 , from 13.3 percent today , according to the European Commission .
That would put French pension costs on the high end of the European average .
It would also be more than three times the portion of the United States economy devoted to federal retirement programs .
A measure introduced in 2003 by François Fillon , then the French employment minister , now prime minister , required public sector workers to serve 40 years before getting a full pension .
But the rule was riddled with exemptions for train operators , electricity and natural gas workers , and other groups .
Most of those loopholes were closed last fall after those affected were promised higher pay to end a nine - day strike .
Now Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , wants to extend the required working time to 41 years by 2012 for the entire French work force , though without raising the formal retirement age from 60 , as employers have demanded .
Opinion polls show that a majority of French people back the 41 - year rule , but are opposed to increasing the retirement age .
Germany has gone further than France , probably because it is under more intense demographic pressure .
KDE 4では、コアとなる技術の構成がKDE
3系列とは大きく変化しました。KDE
4.1のアーキテクチャを整理すると以下の図のようになります。
図1 KDE 4.1のアーキテクチ ャ 変更点は、大きく分けて以下の5点になります。
KDE 2から導入され、使われ続けてきたコンポーネント技術「DCOP 」が、Qt 4.2から導入された「 QtDBusモジュール（D-BUSのラッパー）」に置き換えられました。
Plasmaの導入によってユーザーインターフェイスが大きく進化しました。
ハードウェアへのアクセスを抽象化するフレームワーク、「Solid」が導入されました。
マルチメディアフレームワークとして「Phonon」が導入されました。
PIM （Personal Information Manager）フレームワークの「 Akonadi」が導入されました。 以降では、QtDBus、Solid、Phononについて簡単に紹介します。 ・ QtDBus QtDBusは 、Qt 4.2か らQtに導入されたD-BUSのラッパーモジュールです。D-BUSは、デスクトップ用のメッセージバスとして、GNOMEとKDEのコンポーネント技術の共通化を目指して開発されています。
QtDBusでは、このD-BUSを経由して、KDE/Qtの型をメッセージ通信で扱えるようにしています。また、QtDBusでは、CORBAやCOMのようなコンポーネント技術で一般的に使われている、スタブ／スケルトン形式の通信モデルを実現しています。
QtDBusにおけるメッセージの送信元のスタブをInterfaceと呼び、メッセージの受け口のスケルトンをAdapterと呼んでいます。このInterfaceとAdapterは、XML形式で定義したIDL（Interface Definition Language）から自動生成することが可能です。KDE内部では、このQtDBusを活用することでさまざまな機能を提供しています。
・ Solid KDE 3系列までは、ハードウェアへアクセスするためのインターフェイス層は用意されておらず、各アプリケーション開発者がハードウェアにアクセスするためのコードを記述する必要がありました。Solidは、この問題を解決するために開発された、ハードウェアへアクセスするアプリケーション開発のための包括的なAPIを提供するフレームワークです。
Solidは、抽象度の高いハードウェアアクセスのAPIとなっており、各OSで提供されているハードウェアアクセスAPIを利用しています。そのため、Solidを使うことでプラットフォームに依存しないアプリケーションを開発することができます。この抽象化のため、Solidは、後述するPhononとともに、KDE
4 をWindows やMacOS Xでも動作させるための鍵になるフレームワークの1つとなっています。
・ Phonon KDEでは、長 年「 aRts」がサウンドサーバ兼メディアフレームワークとして使われてきました。しかし、aRtsはメンテナンスが行われていない状況が続いていました。また、GStreamer、Xine、Helixといった高機能のマルチメディアフレームワークが開発され、広く使われるようになりました。そこでKDE
4では、これらのマルチメディアフレームワークをバックエンドとして利用する、抽象度の高いマルチメディアフレームワークとしてPhononが開発されました。
Phononは、KDE4.0ではKDEの一部として提供されていました。しかし、Qt 4.4からPhononがQtに取り込まれています。
Phononは、当初からクロスプラットフォームなフレームワークとして設計されていましたが、Qtに取り込まれたことで正式にWindowsやMac
OS Xに対応することになりました 。KDE 4.1では、このQtに取り込まれたPhononを利用して、クロスプラットフォームなマルチメディア機能を提供しています。
Welcome to the Dillo Project !
What is Dillo ?
Dillo is a multi-platform graphical web browser known for its speed and small footprint .
Dillo is written in C and C ++.
Dillo is based on FLTK , the Fast Light Toolkit ( statically - linked by default ! ) .
Dillo is free software made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License ( GPLv3 ) .
Dillo strives to be friendly both to users and developers .
Dillo helps web authors to comply with web standards by using the bug meter .
Project objectives
The democratization of internet information access .
Personal security and privacy .
High software efficiency .
[ more info ]
Current version Dillo follows an evolving software model where each new version should be better than the previous one ; there 's no place for unstable releases , so just keep with the latest one : dillo - 3.0.5 . [ download ]
Current plans
The current plans section has its own page now
( also accessible from the left column 's top links ) .
Code contributions
If you plan to contribute to Dillo please take a minute to read through our New Developer Info .
There you should find everything you need to know .
News Lately
What have we been up to ?
For 3.1 , we 're working on floating elements and an overhaul of widget sizing .
HTTPS has moved from a dpi ( plugin ) into the browser , and work has been done to make it more trustworthy .
We 've added HTML5 character references , support for HTTP persistent connections , etc. Dillo - 3.0.5 has been released !
30 - Jun-2015 3.0.5 provides : Image buffer / cache improvements to make dillo speedier , placeholder attributes for INPUT and TEXTAREA elements ( today 's web is filled with INPUT boxes that are not otherwise labeled ) , better notification when user 's domainrc settings block page redirection ( a message in the browser window instead of on the terminal ) , and an assortment of other fixes and changes .
Dillo - 3.0.4.1 has been released !
24 -Dec-2014
This release brings fixes for : linking with the new fltk - 1.3.3 .
making sure that windows are resizable with fltk - 1.3.3 .
not to load background images or permit redirection in -- local mode .
mode .
a crash when searching from the address bar and no search urls are found in dillorc .
building on OSX .
Dillo - 3.0.4 has been released !
09 - Apr-2014
We 've added support for background images , improved image scaling , improved embedding into other applications , implemented optgroup , ins , plus some HTML5 elements , added web searching from the address bar , fixed compilation on hurd and irix , a white_bg_replacement preference , reap zombies , security fixes , other bug fixes ...
Dillo - 3.0.3 has been released !
17 - Apr-2013
We 've added support for the CSS display property , fine - grained control over hyphenation , a domainrc mechanism to replace filter_auto_requests , UI color preferences , a keybinding to view source , a couple of text selection improvements , some form widget work , keyboard navigation improvements , better window titles , fixed bugs that cropped up , etc. Dillo - 3.0.2 has been released .
05 - Dec-2011
Highlights in this new release include : HTTP digest authentication
More sophisticated handling of linebreaks and whitespace
CSS text - transform property
Locale - independent ASCII character case handling ( fixes Turkic locales )
Bind Ctrl -{PageUp , PageDown} to tab - {previous , next}
If not following redirection , show body of redirecting page
Middle click on stylesheet menu item opens in new tab / window
Improved handling of combining characters [ older news ]
For generations , people have consumed cranberry juice , convinced of its power to ward off urinary tract infections , though the exact mechanism of its action has not been well understood .
A new study by researchers at Worcester Polytechnic Institute ( WPI ) reveals that the juice changes the thermodynamic properties of bacteria in the urinary tract , creating an energy barrier that prevents the microorganisms from getting close enough to latch onto cells and initiate an infection .
The study , published in the journal Colloids and Surfaces : B , was conducted by Terri Camesano , associate professor of chemical engineering at WPI , and a team of graduate students , including PhD candidate Yatao Liu .
They exposed two varieties of E. coli bacteria , one with hair - like projections known as fimbriae and one without , to different concentrations of cranberry juice .
Fimbriae are present on a number of virulent bacteria , including those that cause urinary tract infections , and are believed to be used by bacteria to form strong bonds with cells .
For the fimbriaed bacteria , they found that even at low concentrations , cranberry juice altered two properties that serve as indicators of the ability of bacteria to attach to cells .
The first factor is called Gibbs free energy of attachment , which is a measure of the amount of energy that must be expended before a bacterium can attach to a cell .
Without cranberry juice , this value was a negative number , indicating that energy would be released and attachment was highly likely .
With cranberry juice the number was positive and it grew steadily as the concentration of juice increased , making attachment to urinary tract cells increasingly unlikely .
Surface free energy also rose , suggesting that the presence of cranberry juice creates an energy barrier that repels the bacteria .
The researchers also placed the bacteria and urinary tract cells together in solution .
Without cranberry juice , the fimbriaed bacteria attached readily to the cells .
As increasing concentrations of cranberry juice were added to the solution , fewer and fewer attachments were observed .
Cranberry juice had no discernible effect on E. coli bacteria without fimbriae , suggesting that compounds in the juice may act directly on the molecular structure of the fimbriae themselves .
This reinforces previous work by the WPI team that showed that exposure to cranberry juice alters the shape of the fimbriae , causing them to become compressed .
Using an atomic force microscope as a minute strain gauge , the team also showed that the adhesive force exerted by bacteria on urinary tract cells declined in direct proportion to the concentration of cranberry juice in the solution .
“ Our results show that , at least for urinary tract infections , cranberry juice targets the right bacteria — those that cause disease — but has no effect on non-pathogenic organisms , suggesting that cranberry juice will not disrupt bacteria that are part of the normal flora in the gut , ” Camesano says .
“ We have also shown that this effect occurs at concentrations of cranberry juice that are comparable to levels we would expect to find in the urinary tract . ”
Camesano notes that unpublished work has shown that while cranberry juice has potent effects on disease - causing bacteria , those effects are transitory .
“ When we takes E. coli .
bacteria that have been treated with cranberry juice and place them in normal growth media , they regain the ability to adhere to urinary tract cells , ” she says .
“ This suggests that to realize the antibacterial benefits of cranberry , one must consume cranberry juice regularly — perhaps daily . ”
For those watching calories , Camesano says other recent work in her lab has shown that the effects of regular cranberry juice cocktail and diet ( sugar - free ) cranberry juice are identical .
“ That ’s good news for people who do not like to consume a lot of sugary juice , ” she says .
Source : Worcester Polytechnic Institute
POSTED BY : GirlTalk
Admittedly , this site is both hilarious and accurate with its in - depth perceptions of the opposite sex , but I think the time has come to put one on the board for the girls .
Not in a feminist “ I wish I was capable of asexual reproduction ” kind of way , but more of a way to give helpful insight into what girls typically deal with on a weekend night .
My friends and I have had the pleasure of being approached by the good , the bad , and the ugly while out having drinks and fun .
After a few shots of < insert name of fruity concoction > , it becomes necessary to discern who exactly is buying you those drinks .
Are you going to wake up at 6 am and be forced to cab it home in heels and an XL frat party t- shirt , or is it a match made in diet and rum heaven ?
Let ’s hope for the latter .
After being both an active participant and an amused bystander on the social scene , I have come up with four categories of guys that will give you a reason to have your local cab company on speed dial .
The Overconfident Narcissist –
You know this guy , everyone knows this guy because he makes it a point to talk about himself 92 % of the time .
This amount of “ I ” statements is generally only found in therapy sessions , yet I ’m not getting paid $ 75 / hour to listen to him extrapolate on his many glowing achievements in life .
Just got a big promotion , did ya ?
Captain of your college lacrosse team , huh ?
Do some modeling on the side , really ?
Let me teach you a new word : overcompensation .
You should go ahead and reserve that red convertible for your mid-life crisis .
Maybe a mail - order bride too .
The Trust Fund Bro or Aging Philanthropist – Frequent any clubs lately ?
If so , you have met this guy , and you are fully aware within 5 minutes of how many cars / boats / houses / electronics he owns …wait , no , his parents own .
Save your breath , Brody Jenner - I ’m not remotely interested in a 20 - something who brags about a playboy lifestyle that is daddy - funded .
Do some respectable work and then maybe I wo n’t smirk in your face .
For now , I ’ll allow you to know your role and buy me and my friends drinks .
Even worse is the senior citizen who wants to buy me shots , and then purses , and then boobs .
Utilize the Viagra another day , pal .
The Muted Shy Guy – This type of guy is a mystery to me .
I ’m sure Maxim or Manswers informed him that having a wingman will grant him VIP access into Club Female , but unfortunately , I ’m not into threesomes .
Sending your seemingly cooler friend over to test the waters is never the way to go , because I will deny being fluent in English after hearing any sentence starting with “ Hey , so my friend over there … ”
Your friend over there what ?
Does n’t have balls ?
Does n’t have a tongue ?
Call me picky , but I find those appendages to be kind of necessary , so go ahead and report back complete and utter disinterest , thanks .
The Greasy Space Invader – Oh man .
This guy .
You think that if you make 100 % eye contact 110 % of the time you ’re talking to me , I will be dying to take Jagerbombs and head back to Jersey with you ?
Wrong -
I will label you a creeper and give my friends the secret signal to get me away from you .
Your seemingly casual touch on my arm or waist does not make me feel the spark of our immediate connection ; it makes me want to break out my antibacterial hand sanitizer .
Your whispering in my ear severely tests my gag reflex .
Take the hint - I ’m not backing away because I ’m playing hard to get , I ’m just allergic to your hair gel and teeth whitener .
And there we have it , four categories of what not to do , boys .
Sorry if I wounded any egos or destroyed anyone ’s game in the process , but think of this information as helpful hints .
Maybe make some flashcards and review them with friends while watching UFC .
Guys , if you have a different approach that is not listed above and you think it ’s working for you , please do share .
Gals , are there any other types of guys that you cannot stand meeting out at the bar ?
[ pic ]
Markets Continue Plunging
The Dow Jones index was off another 679 point yesterday , on top of all the other triple - digits drops this month .
European and Asian markets were also way down .
Oil is down to $ 87 a barrel , off from a high of $ 140 a barrel due to fears of a worldwide recession / depression that would sharply reduce the demand for oil .
Here is a graph of the Dow for the past THREE years .
Barack Obama is talking a lot about the economy , but John McCain is avoiding the subject largely .
He really needs to come out with a clear plan to deal with it .
Condemning greed is a nice first step but the voters want more than that .
Although McCain has stopped running ads about William Ayers , the RNC is still doing so .
Somebody at RNC headquarters apparently really thinks that the voters care more about who Obama briefly met decades ago than their jobs , investments , pensions , and future .
The End of American Capitalism ?
Sounds pretty dramatic but that is the headline of a story on the front page of the Washington Post today .
Maybe a bit exaggerated , but that the subject even comes up is amazing .
None of the candidates are passing out the collected works of Marx and Lenin yet , but the next President is in for what candidates love to call ( but hate to make ) " tough decisions . "
It is far more likely that the scary phone call will come at 3 P.M. rather than 3 A.M. and will have to do with which other industries have to be nationalized to save them from going belly up .
For example , General Motors stock was off 31 % to $ 4.76 a share yesterday .
The Bush administration has turned the budget surpluses inherited from Bill Clinton into massive deficits financed by borrowing money from foreigners , especially in Asia .
This means that Asian countries , especially China , own hundreds of billions of dollars worth of treasury bills .
Now suppose the Chinese government decides it wants to get into the car manufacturing business so it makes a deal with Toyota , now the world 's largest car manufacturer , to buy GM outright for a song and move its factories to China to be operated by Toyota but employing Chinese workers .
All they keep is the U.S. dealer network and millions of American jobs are lost .
If the next President nixes the purchase of GM , the Chinese sell their treasury bills and the dollar collapses .
This is not science fiction any more .
Which candidate is better prepared to deal with stuff like this could determine the election .
Polling 's Perfect Storm ?
According to Mark Blumenthal at National Journal , there are three factors at work that may cause polls to be way off this year .
They are : 20 % of all households do n't have a landline and they are mostly younger voters
The " Bradley Effect " in which white voters tell pollsters they will vote for a black guy but do n't Likely voter models may not capture the electorate correctly Cell - phone - only voters are young and strongly pro-Obama and may cause his strength to be understated .
The effect can be compensated for by weighting 18 - 29 year olds in sufficient numbers ( but see below ) .
The second effect is unknown although it did not appear to be a big factor in the primaries .
This effect would cause McCain 's strength to appear weaker than it really is .
Finally , the likely voter models assume there is some way to tell who will vote and who wo n't .
This year that is very hard to gauge and demographic models based on the 2004 exit polls may not be worth much .
On the other hand , these effects may all cancel .
It is a tough call .
Web Ads Are Gaining Traction Videos on the Web are becoming a major force in the campaigns according to Amy Harder .
They are cheap to air and face less scrutiny than TV ads so they can push the envelope more .
Bloggers pick them up and they spread fast .
They give a big bang for the buck .
In addition , political ads on blogs are becoming popular because they reach very targeted audiences and are quite cheap compared to TV ads .
For example , a standard - size ad on a popular blog like Talking Points Memo that gets a million hits a day goes for about $ 2500 a week .
( This site , with almost 600,000 visitors a day is a veritable steal at $ 600 / week , all of which has been recycled into blog ads . )
Are the Traditional Media Afraid to Tell the Truth ?
Pretty much all the election projection Websites like this one show Obama over 270 electoral votes .
Even very overtly Republican Websites like Real Clear Politics and Election Projection have Obama at 277 and 364 electoral votes , respectively .
In contrast , MSNBC and CNN have Obama at 264 and the New York Times has him at 260 .
Chris Bowers has a story on this descrepancy .
He hypothesizes that they are afraid of being accused of being pro-Obama and would like a close race since that gets more readers / viewers .
He ends with : " So much information is publicly available now that a few nerds obsessed with poll numbers are much better sources for election information than you will ever get from big media . "
I guess that 's a compliment , sort of .
Open Voting Consortium is Looking for Members
A group called the Open Voting Consortium has been set up to promote voting systems that have the following characteristics , among others :
The whole system must be open to public scrutiny with no trade secrets
The system must include a paper trail that can be counted and recounted if need be
The system should invite public participation
Ballots should be cast in private but counted in public
Accessibility features should be built in ( e.g. , audio for the blind )
If you believe these are important things to have in a voting system , check out their Website and possibly join them .
Today 's Polls
We have 13 presidential polls today .
A Rasmussen poll in Michigan makes it clear why McCain abandoned the state : Obama is leading by 16 points .
No doubt McCain 's internal polls showed the same thing and Steve Schmidt decided it was hopeless .
Obama still has a small ( 3 - point ) lead in Florida .
He has been leading there in the last few polls .
Florida is a must - win state for McCain .
There is no way he can get to 270 without Florida .
Same is true for Ohio , where Obama is ahead 48 % to 45 % .
McCain absolutely must win Ohio , too .
North Carolina is a statististical tie , with Obama 1 point ahead .
Again , McCain must win North Carolina .
He should be 10 points ahead here and he is not .
Missouri is now for McCain 49 % to 46 % .
It is not a must - win state for either candidate , but with 11 electoral votes , it is a prize worth having .
Finally , West Virginia shows Obama with an 8 - point lead .
Let 's wait for more polls before believing this one , although West Virginia is a poor state and the economy probably plays a role here .
Furthermore , Biden has been pushing for clean coal as a way to reduce dependence on foreign oil and coal mining is central to West Virginia 's economy .
A continued push on the coal issue might be enough to capture this state .
The problem with coal is that the environmentalists in other states do n't like it .
Politics is about tradeoffs .
State Obama McCain Start End Pollster Alaska 38 % 55 % Oct 03 Oct 06 Ivan Moore Research Florida 50 % 47 % Oct 08 Oct 08 Rasmussen Indiana 43 % 50 % Oct 07 Oct 07 Rasmussen Michigan 56 % 40 % Oct 08 Oct 08 Rasmussen Minnesota 47 % 46 % Oct 04 Oct 07 ARG Missouri 46 % 49 % Oct 04 Oct 06 ARG Montana 45 % 50 % Oct 06 Oct 08 ARG North Carolina 49 % 48 % Oct 08 Oct 08 Rasmussen New Hampshire 52 % 43 % Oct 06 Oct 08 ARG New Jersey 50 % 42 % Oct 07 Oct 07 Rasmussen Ohio 48 % 45 % Oct 04 Oct 07 ARG Texas 38 % 57 % Oct 05 Oct 08 ARG West Virginia 50 % 42 % Oct 04 Oct 08 ARG
We also have four Senate polls .
In Alaska , Mark Begich is holding up against Sen . Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) .
A lot hinges on Stevens trial .
If he is found guilty , the show is over .
In Minnesota , another poll shows Al Franken ahead of Sen. Norm Coleman ( R- MN ) .
This was a race the Republicans thought they could win .
A win by Franken puts the Democrats very close to a filibuster - proof Senate .
A race to watch .
In New Jersey and New Hampshire , the Democrats are cruising to easy victories .
CQ
Politics has updated its predictions in four Senate races : Georgia , Minnesota , Kentucky , and Virginia .
All four changes move the races closer to the Democratic column .
In Virginia , the race is now marked as " Safe Democrat , " something unheard of for a challenger , especially when the other party holds the seat , even if it will be vacated .
State Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster Alaska Mark Begich 49 % Ted Stevens * 45 % Oct 03 Oct 06 Ivan Moore Research Minnesota Al Franken 43 % Norm Coleman * 37 % Oct 07 Oct 07 Rasmussen New Hampshire Jeanne Shaheen 51 % John Sununu * 42 % Oct 06 Oct 08 ARG New Jersey Frank Lautenberg * 51 % Richard Zimmer 37 % Oct 07 Oct 07 Rasmussen
We also have six House polls .
In Alaska Ethan Berkowitz ( D ) is probably the beneficiary of all the corruption charges swirling around Rep. Don Young ( R - AK ) and it appears Berkowitz will flip the seat to the Democrats .
Another upset appears to be in the making in NY - 29 where the Democratic challenger , Eric Massa , is ahead of incumbent Randy Kuhl ( R ) 49 % to 42 % .
Kuhl has n't done anything wrong and his district is R+5 .
He just happens to be a Republican in a year when that is a bad thing to be .
One can only wonder what is going on in the other R+5 districts that have n't been polled .
Cong. Distr. Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster AK - AL Ethan Berkowitz 51 % Don Young * 42 % Oct 03 Oct 06 Ivan Moore Research IN - 07 Andre Carson * 51 % Gabrielle Campo 35 % Sep 29 Oct 03 Research 2000 IN - 09 Baron Hill * 49 % Mike Sodrel 37 % Sep 29 Oct 03 Research 2000 NY - 29 Eric Massa 49 % Randy Kuhl * 42 % Oct 07 Oct 08 Research 2000 PA - 10 Chris Carney * 48 % Christopher Hackett 33 % Sep 30 Oct 05 Franklin + Marshall Coll. TX - 07 Michael Skelly 40 % John Culberson * 48 % Oct 07 Oct 08 Research 2000
If you like this Website , tell your friends .
You can also share by clicking this button -- The Poll Nerd
Your donation is greatly appreciated .
It will buy ads to publicize the site .
Josh Harris , founder of Jupiter Communications and , later , Pseudo.com , forwarded a letter to Boing Boing today in which he proclaims to the New York Times that " Pseudo was a fake company , " and that the entire enterprise was " an elaborate piece of performance art . "
Why did he address this to the NYT ?
Mr. Harris claims many of the news articles which established a perception of legitimacy for the once high - flying internet video startup — the sort of legitimacy that helped encourage investors to part with tens of millions of dollars — were written by now - disgraced NYT writer Jayson Blair , who was forced to resign in 2003 after having been caught plagiarizing and faking content in his stories for the paper .
" I suggest you do a NYT archive search and find the four articles written by Jayson ; search terms : josh harris jayson blair , " says Harris .
If you 're not familiar with Pseudo ( and Harris ' ) significance during the late '90s internet bubble , here are a few profile links : NY Mag , Wired , Radar , Wikipedia , BusinessWeek .
His online experiment " We Live in Public " predated the era of now ubiquitous always - on lifecasting video sites .
Journalists used words like " wild , Warholian , " " oddball , " " dot - com playboy extraordinaire " and " golden boy " to describe Harris during the Pseudo era ; also " crazy . "
The man who replaced Harris as CEO at Pseudo was David Bohrman , now an executive at CNN overseeing the network 's election coverage in Washington .
Harris sends this to Boing Boing from Sidamo , Ethiopia ( see snapshot above , with his almost - ripe coffee plants ) , where he moved shortly after selling his most recent creation , Operator 11 .
If he looks a little under the weather , that 's because , as he explains , he 's been fighting a fever there for the past few weeks ; he says he's there " working on a documentary about the ' Great Ethiopian Nation . ' "
Here is Harris ' letter , which continues after the jump :
I now acknowledge that Pseudo Programs , Inc. , a New York City based Internet television network founded in 1994 and sold from bankruptcy in 2000 was the linchpin of a long form piece of conceptual art .
Pseudo burned over $ 25 million in private and institutional capital over a span of seven years .
Pseudo was a fake company .
I believe that the then New York Times reporter Jayson Blair was actively following my work and onto my game ( taking one to know one ) .
The last article Mr. Blair wrote about me was entitled Dot -Com Executive , Once a Conjurer of Silicon Alley Razzmatazz , Logs Off ( Jayson Blair , March 4 , 2001 ) .
For that interview Mr. Blair requested that we meet in the empty back room of Sardi's ( the first time I recall meeting him face - to - face ) and then basically winked at Andy Morris ( my publicity agent ) and I for over an hour .
Previously Mr. Blair mentioned or quoted me in three other articles .
Does the New York Times have an ethical responsibility to its readers to contact ad infinitum , ad nauseam every single source that touched Mr. Blair 's writing when the integrity of its reporting is at stake ?
Did someone at the New York Times Corporation contact each and every person that Mr. Blair wrote about ?
Chances are , your weekend was better than Michele Bachmann's .
As a first - term congresswoman , the Republican from Minnesota likely would have been campaigning anyway .
The surprise -- for her and those who had been watching her race -- was that she found herself on the defensive , trying to explain away controversial comments she made Friday night in what became a notorious appearance on MSNBC's " Hardball " ( video of which appeared earlier on The Ticket ) .
Interviewed by host Chris Matthews -- which meant , as a conservative , she was operating without a net -- Bachmann said of Barack Obama , " I 'm very concerned that he may have anti-American views . "
She then went on to call for a " penetrating expose " by the media into the levels of patriotism among her colleagues on Capitol Hill .
As word of her comments spread over the Internet , some of her constituents might have been understandably confused .
The day before her stop on " Hardball , " Bachmann had this to say during a debate in her district with Democratic rival Elwyn Tinklenberg , “ If the presidency would somehow go to Barack Obama , I would welcome him to the 6th District ... .
As a matter of fact , I would put my hand on his shoulder and give him a kiss if he wanted to . ”
( The reference harkened back to what had been , until now , Bachmann 's main claim to national prominence -- her physicality , as shown below , with President Bush as he worked his way out of House chambers after delivering his 2007 State of the Union address .
Grab your headphones , the background music adds a certain quality footage . )
Aside from sending dramatically different signals about her attitudes toward Obama , Bachmann 's proposed probe of Congress drew a rebuke , not surprisingly , from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
The Democrat , who just happened to be in Minnesota today , said Bachmann 's suggestion " dishonors the position she holds and discredits her as a person . "
But here 's what really has to concern Bachmann :
In the wake of her comments , Tinklenberg has taken in more than $ 700,000 for his effort to defeat her .
Bachmann , in a local radio interview Sunday , insisted she really did not consider Obama 's views anti-American , calling that a " misreading " of what she said .
Actually , it 's hard to see how her " Hardball " comments could have been read any other way .
Regardless , there can be little debate that she has turned her reelection bid into a race that will be closely watched on election day .
-- Don Frederick
Photo : Associated Press
Die von dir besuchte Seite versucht , dich an http://game-meet.com/s3.ssl.youtube.com/i-agree-to-the-terms-and-conditions-click-here-anon256.html weiterzuleiten .
Falls du diese Seite nicht besuchen möchtest , kannst du zur vorherigen Seite zurückkehren
“ There are several places where we shot it as well , but it never worked as we hoped .
I just felt we should cut it out , and Barbara Broccoli and Michael Wilson , the film ’s producers , agreed , and Daniel Craig agreed , too .
It ’s nice to be open - minded about the Bond formula .
You can always go back to them later on . ”
His name is Bond , , just do n’t expect Britain ’s best – known secret agent to introduce himself in the new James Bond movie “ . ”
The British media reports that the famous “ Bond , James Bond ” line has been dropped from the new movie for the first time .
“ There was a ‘ Bond , James Bond ’ in the script , ” – the director said .
Will Bond drink Coke Zero instead Martini ?
Ahhrrrghgg , this was stronger than me !
I like Bond … James Bond !
ISS Expedition 12 commander Bill McArthur and flight engineer Valery Tokarev will take a brief flight aboard their Soyuz spacecraft early March 20 , 2006 .
WASHINGTON — Congress is nearing approval of a measurethat would allow NASA to continue buying Russian hardware for the internationalspace station program beyond 2011 as part of a temporary spending measure meantto keep most U.S. government agencies funded at 2008 levels for the next sixmonths .
The Consolidated Security , Disaster Assistance andContinuing Appropriations Act for 2009 ( H.R. 2638 ) would fund NASA at its 2008 level of $ 17.3 billion through March 6 , 2009 .
In addition , the bill would amendthe Iran - North Korea - Syria Non-proliferation Act ( INKSNA ) to permit NASA tocontinue buying Russian Soyuz crew capsules and Progress cargo vehicles for theinternational space station through July 1 , 2016 .
The House of Representatives was voting on H.R. 2638 theafternoon of Sept. 23 .
The date change included in the so - called continuingresolution differs markedly from the INKSNA waiverlegislation ( S. 3103 ) approved by the Senate Foreign Relations CommitteeSept. 23 .
That bill , the International Space Station Payment Act of 2008 , wouldpermit NASA to keep buying manned Soyuz flights past 2011 but did not extend tothe unmanned Progress flights .
By allowing NASA 's authority to purchase Progress flightsto expire at the end of 2011 , the bill 's backers were hoping to keep the pressureon NASA to buy space station re-supply flights from commercial companies suchas Dulles , Va. - based Orbital Sciences Corp . and Hawthorne , Calif . - based SpaceExploration Technologies , both of which are developing cargo tugs withfinancial assistance from NASA .
Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla. ) , S. 3103 's primary champion inthe Senate , has warned inrecent weeks that if time ran out on passing that measure his fallbackposition would be to use the continuing resolution to extend NASA 's currentINKSNA waiver as is .
In addition to granting NASA permission to beginnegotiating with Russia for Soyuz flights for 2012 and beyond , the continuingresolution would set aside $ 30 million for NASA to spend repairing hurricaneand other severe weather - related damage at its facilities .
It would also createfirewalls between NASA 's aeronautics , science , exploration and space operationsbudget accounts , making it more difficult for the agency to shift funds betweenits various mission directorates .
The continuing resolution would deny NASA the roughly $ 300 million increase it has been seeking all year for 2009 and would force theagency to get by for at least half of the new budget year at 2008 spendinglevels .
Mr Average breaks the law at least once a day from speeding to illegal downloading
Many may not know they have done anything wrong , while others simply might not care .
But the average person breaks the law at least once a day , a survey has found .
Speeding , using a mobile phone while driving and dropping litter top the list of rules and regulations regularly flouted .
Other laws often broken are eating while driving , parking on pavements and not wearing a seatbelt .
Bad call : A survey has found that using a mobile phone while driving is one of the most common offences committed by Britons
While some of these crimes can have fatal consequences , 58 per cent say they are not very important .
Another 20 per cent say that because everyone is up to it , they do n't even see the actions as being illegal .
Only 5 per cent of Britons say they never break any laws .
John Sewell , spokesman for www.onepoll.com, which carried out the survey , said : ' It 's worrying to think that so many people are breaking the law on a daily basis .
' And it 's an even bigger concern that many are n't at all bothered about it .
' But these so - called minor crimes are committed so regularly they have almost become legal , which seems to be the reason so many people are n't fazed when they do break the law . '
The poll of 5,000 men and women found the average person admitted to around seven offences a week .
It revealed speeding as the most common crime , with almost half - 46 per cent - admitting to driving over the speed limit .
Another 40 per cent confessed to texting or chatting on their mobile while behind the wheel .
A further 36 per cent said that they drop litter in the street , while around 35 per cent download music illegally .
More than a third have cycled on pavements instead of on the road , 29 per cent admitted eating and drinking while driving and a quarter have had sex in a public place .
Another 24 per cent say they park on a pavement to protect their car .
Nineteen per cent take drugs and 18 per cent admitted to not wearing their seatbelt .
Other crimes committed on a daily basis include parking on double yellow lines , driving through red lights and carrying a weapon .
Mr Sewell added : ' Some of these crimes might seem petty but they were all made illegal for a reason .
' Most people would n't dream of stealing something from a shop but this research proves that some crimes have become normal everyday activities for many Brits . '
Absent from the Hill
Amie Parnes reports that McCain has n't made a roll call vote for more than five months .
Obama has n't made one for more than two months .
Their last votes , respectively , were on April 8 and July 9 .
Here 's the statement : " The item in today 's Drudge Report is categorically untrue .
There has been absolutely no discussion about having Sarah Palin on my show .
At the beginning of this Presidential campaign when I decided that I was going to take my first public stance in support of a candidate , I made the decision not to use my show as a platform for any of the candidates .
I agree that Sarah Palin would be a fantastic interview , and I would love to have her on after the campaign is over . "
Excepting the right - wing media , which worked very hard to bury the story , Donald Trump 's taxes continued to dominate the news on Monday .
Maybe the furor will eventually die down , but with 34 days to the election and more stories coming from The New York Times , maybe not .
There were lots of " takeaways " pieces on Monday , so let 's start with a few of those , just to get a sense of how the narrative is unfolding .
CNN :
Trump paid no or little federal income taxes for years
Many of his businesses are burning huge piles of cash
Trump Tower in New York is a major moneymaker
Trump's D.C. hotel is not
Selling his name has paid off enormously
That 's in large part thanks to ' The Apprentice '
He made money from foreign deals after becoming president
Part of his income stems from ambiguous ' consulting fees '
The Trump Organization spans ' more than 500 entities '
Slate :
Trump paid $ 750 in federal income taxes in 2016 and 2017
Becoming a TV star gave Trump a much - needed lifeline
Trump 's lavish lifestyle is largely deducted from his taxes
Trump pays more to foreign governments than the U.S .
Family members are often consultants
The presidency has been good for business
Trump is being audited for a huge refund
Trump has hundreds of millions in loans that could come due in a hypothetical second term
CBS News :
Trump paid $ 750 in taxes in both 2016 and 2017
A lavish lifestyle through business expenses
Some of his best - known businesses lose millions
Foreign visitors help support Trump properties
He may have paid family members in " consulting fees "
Trump 's lucrative licensing revenue has dwindled
Trump 's debt load is coming due
The Hill :
Trump paid almost nothing in personal income taxes for nearly two decades
Business losses protected his personal gains
Financial record at odds with Trump 's boasts and disclosures
A ton of debt — and due soon
Trump could face serious legal consequences
The same themes appear , again and again .
Namely : ( 1 ) other than Trump Tower and " The Apprentice " / Licensing , the President is an inept businessman with a long list of failures ; ( 2 ) Trump pays almost no taxes — that $ 750 a year in both 2016 and 2017 is particularly problematic for him , since it 's somehow more tangible than paying $ 0 ; ( 3 ) the President and his family appear to have a lot of exposure , from possible illegal tax dodges , to violations of the emoluments clause , to hundreds of millions in loans from mysterious lenders that are soon due .
The Biden campaign has , of course , treated the news like the manna from heaven that it is .
They are already selling shirts and stickers that say " I paid more in taxes than Donald Trump . "
The campaign website has added a calculator that lets you figure out how much more in taxes you paid in 2017 than Donald Trump did .
Team Biden has also cut a brutal new campaign ad that compares the President 's tax bill to those of average folks in various middle - class and working - class professions :
Teachers paid $ 7,239
Firefighters paid $ 5,283
Nurses paid $ 10,216
Donald Trump paid $ 750 pic.twitter.com/5YE1cbYsBN
— Team Joe ( Text JOE to 30330 ) ( @TeamJoe ) September 28 , 2020
That 's almost certainly the most effective ad of the campaign for Team Biden .
The other person who had a very pleasant day on Monday was former Trump fixer Michael Cohen , who took the opportunity to enjoy a little schadenfreude .
" Donald Trump 's financial records are the Rosetta stone for understanding the depth of his corruption and crimes , " Cohen said .
" The more it is unraveled , the more he will unravel .
It 's the reason he 's fought so hard to keep it under wraps . "
Cohen also declared that Trump is scared to death that the house of cards is nearing collapse , and that he could end up in prison .
Meanwhile , quite a few folks recalled Trump 's past comments about paying taxes , which take on a whole new light now that we know he basically does n't .
In 2011 , he insisted that it was only fair that lower - income Americans should pay more taxes , since he pays " a lot . "
Trump has also targeted specific individuals , most obviously Barack Obama :
@BarackObama who wants to raise all our taxes , only pays 20.5 % on $ 790 k salary .
http://t.co/bqF26mQf
Do as I say not as I do .
— Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 13 , 2012
In retrospect , obviously , a wee bit hypocritical .
Thus far , the President has had no compelling response to The New York Times ' reporting .
On Sunday , he called the story " fake news , " while on Monday he had moved on to claiming that he actually has very little debt ( dubious ) and that he is entitled to take advantage of tax loopholes .
That is not likely to impress folks who are paying five or ten or fifteen times as much in taxes as he is , particularly if their tax liability went up after the big 2017 tax " cut . "
Trump has got to find a better response , and it is his bad fortune that he probably has only about 24 hours to do it .
( Z )
Tonight , of course , is the first presidential debate .
Given the high level of interest in this election , the fact that people are cooped up at home , and the various intrigues that are unfolding at the moment , it 's possible that the tilt could draw 100 million viewers .
If so , it would smash the record of 84 million set by the first Trump - Clinton matchup in 2016 .
We have thought very carefully about this , and we cannot conceive of any plausible way that Donald Trump can help himself tonight .
First , because opinions about him are so baked in .
Second , because he 's ill - prepared and going by gut instinct , he 's going to do what he always does at debates and rallies and press conferences : lie , bluster , peacock , and hit Biden with nasty personal attacks .
As a general rule , " more of the same , " especially after four years , does not equate to " this will move the needle . "
Third , and most problematic for Trump , is the 800 - pound gorilla in the room : the tax returns .
He is going to be put on the spot , and this is his best ( and possibly only ) chance to come up with an answer that will satisfy voters .
If he can't do it — and thus far , he 's flailed around wildly — then folks will conclude he has no answer .
It may not be possible to change that narrative if 100 million people watch the President hem and haw .
In the end , if Trump can leave the evening no worse off than he already is , he should be very happy , we think .
By contrast , if Joe Biden leaves the evening no better off than he already is , he should be very disappointed .
Although he 's been a national figure for close to 50 years , this debate will nonetheless be some viewers ' introduction to Biden the person .
Further , Trump has helped Biden by setting expectations for " Sleepy Joe " so low .
Even an average performance will be received as a strong performance .
Biden has a number of interesting tactical decisions to make .
Among them :
Aggression :
The President will certainly display his usual range of over - aggressive behaviors , from interrupting , to possibly standing over Biden , to shouting .
Biden is going to have to push back , and early , but he does n't want to overplay it and undermine his " nice guy " image .
: The President will certainly display his usual range of over - aggressive behaviors , from interrupting , to possibly standing over Biden , to shouting .
Biden is going to have to push back , and early , but he does n't want to overplay it and undermine his " nice guy " image .
Fact Checking : Moderator Chris Wallace has made clear he will do no real - time fact - checking , and that his general approach will be hands off .
Actually , " My job is to be as invisible as possible , " were his actual words .
Some of the networks broadcasting the debate are planning to do some on - screen fact - checking , but not all of them ( ahem , Fox News ) .
Biden will have to decide how much he wants to push back against Trump 's falsehoods .
Several of our readers have suggested that the Democratic nominee establish a cue early in the evening ( like saying " There you go again " whenever there is a lie ) .
That seems like a wise approach .
Alternatively , he could bring multiple drawings of Pinocchio , with different length noses , and hold one up whenever Trump lies .
Mocking Trump may get him angry and cause him to make an unforced error .
: Moderator Chris Wallace has made clear he will do no real - time fact - checking , and that his general approach will be hands off .
Actually , " My job is to be as invisible as possible , " were his actual words .
Some of the networks broadcasting the debate are planning to do some on - screen fact - checking , but not all of them ( ahem , Fox News ) .
Biden will have to decide how much he wants to push back against Trump 's falsehoods .
Several of our readers have suggested that the Democratic nominee establish a cue early in the evening ( like saying " There you go again " whenever there is a lie ) .
That seems like a wise approach .
Alternatively , he could bring multiple drawings of Pinocchio , with different length noses , and hold one up whenever Trump lies .
Mocking Trump may get him angry and cause him to make an unforced error .
The Taxes : Biden could bring the tax returns up early and often , or he could wait and deliver one big poke in the eye , and then hope that the President sputters .
Reader G.W. in Boca Raton reminds us of what mafioso Frank Costello said when he was called before the Kefauver Committee and asked what he'd ever done for his country .
" Paid my taxes , " was the answer .
A one - liner along those lines could be quite effective .
: Biden could bring the tax returns up early and often , or he could wait and deliver one big poke in the eye , and then hope that the President sputters .
Reader G.W. in Boca Raton reminds us of what mafioso Frank Costello said when he was called before the Kefauver Committee and asked what he'd ever done for his country .
" Paid my taxes , " was the answer .
A one - liner along those lines could be quite effective .
Humor : People love a funny president .
Look at how much humor helped Ronald Reagan , for example .
Donald Trump has never had a funny line in his life , but Biden is actually pretty witty .
He will and should use that to his advantage , he just needs to avoid overdoing it .
Oh , and he better make sure his bon mots have been vetted by professional comedy writers , because there 's little that 's worse than a dead pigeon of a joke .
Unlike Trump , Biden has been prepping , and is also willing to take advice .
So , he 's likely to make some pretty good tactical decisions .
The debate is set to be aired by all the major networks , and will run from 9:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. ET . ( Z )
Even before the first presidential debate gets underway , nearly 1 million Americans will have registered their preference for president .
The total number of ballots received , as of Monday morning , is 944,000 , and by the close of business Tuesday it 's expected to be closer to 990,000 .
That total includes over 200,000 votes that have already been cast in North Carolina and Wisconsin combined .
Those are both swing states , obviously , and by all indications the early ballots favor the Democrats by a 2 - to - 1 margin .
Every day that goes by , then , the hole that Donald Trump is in gets a little deeper .
Which is also a pretty good description of his business career , as it turns out .
Meanwhile , in a bit of complementary news , a new poll from Politico / Morning Consult reveals that only 20 % of voters expect to know the winner of the election on Nov. 3 , while 66 % think it will take longer .
That 's obviously good news for anyone concerned about free and fair elections , because the more people who believe a delay is normal and legitimate , the harder it will be for the Trump campaign to claim that a delayed result is proof of fraud .
( Z )
Joe Biden picked up an interesting melange of endorsements in the last 48 hours .
To start , The Washington Post made it official that he 's their pick , writing :
In order to expel the worst president of modern times , many voters might be willing to vote for almost anybody .
Fortunately , to oust President Trump in 2020 , voters do not have to lower their standards .
The Democratic nominee , former vice president Joe Biden , is exceptionally well - qualified , by character and experience , to meet the daunting challenges that the nation will face over the coming four years .
Of course , " WaPo endorses Biden " is not unlike " Toyota Prius has Bernie Sanders bumper sticker . "
The paper did n't really need to say anything for us to know which candidate they prefer .
And we just can't imagine there are too many
Post readers out there whose minds will be changed by confirmation of the obvious .
Potentially much more consequential is the endorsement that Biden got from wrestler and movie star Dwayne " The Rock " Johnson , who makes his second appearance on this site in four days .
Johnson 's endorsement is of greater significance for two reasons .
First , his political allegiances were previously a bit hazy , and he 's been mentioned as a possible Republican and possible Democratic presidential candidate .
Second , he 's awfully popular with the kiddies , some of whom might just take their lead from him .
Third , and finally , is an endorsement that is more of an anti-endorsement .
Charles Wells was the Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court during the election of 2000 .
He dissented from the Court 's decision to keep counting ballots , thus siding with George Bush .
And when the case got to the U.S. Supreme Court , his dissent was incorporated into the majority opinion .
Anyhow , he released a letter this weekend urging people to vote for Biden .
" I am compelled to believe that our country , and thus our children and grandchildren , face a grave threat to keeping the kind of representative democracy that we have experienced in our life , " the Judge wrote .
" The only way that I can see that this threat can be eliminated is to vote for Biden .
It will not be enough to just not vote for Trump .
Any basis for a contested election can only really be eliminated by having the election not be close . "
Who knows if any of these will actually matter ?
That said , if you 're Biden , better to have the endorsements than to not have them .
( Z )
On one hand , Senate Democrats know there is little they can do to stop the confirmation of Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court , and they think they are better off with the confirmation being concluded before the election .
On the other hand , Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) & Co. also know that their base is spitting mad , and wants some sort of action .
So , they are going to do what they can to deliver .
The linked article has a list of tricks they might try ( as well as a pretty evil - looking picture of Schumer ) .
For example , they might refuse to let the Senate stand in recess , or they might slow down the vote of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
None of this will stop Barrett 's ascent to the Court ; the purpose is : ( 1 ) to poke the Republicans in the eye , thus pleasing the base , and ( 2 ) to make it harder for vulnerable Republican senators to hit the campaign trail .
It 's not much , but it 's all that Senate Democrats have got .
( Z )
There are many vulnerable Democrats in the House who do not want to spend the last month of the campaign explaining to voters why nothing is being done in terms of COVID - 19 relief .
And so , on Monday , Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) unveiled yet another bill in an effort to find a middle ground with Republicans .
The bill has $ 436 billion in emergency aid for state and local governments , $ 225 billion for schools and child care , $ 120 billion for the restaurant industry , another round of $ 1,200 stimulus checks for most Americans , the resumption of $ 600 expanded unemployment payments through January , and $ 75 billion for COVID - 19 testing and tracing .
It also includes $ 25 billion for airlines and $ 3 billion for aerospace contractors , which are Republican priorities .
Pelosi & Co. have been working with Sec. of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin , and thus far everyone is saying the right things , so maybe something will come of this .
On the other hand , Republicans insisted on total release of COVID - 19 liability for employers and Democrats said that was not happening .
So , unless one side or the other moves off their position , there wo n't be any more aid .
The House is expected to vote on the bill later this week .
( Z )
It is official .
COVID - 19 can be beat .
Australia has completely contained its second outbreak of COVID - 19 .
Even CNN took notice .
This is a very important result .
It absolutely proves that in a Western nation , with something of a similar culture to the U.S. and a strong tradition of individuality and personal freedom , COVID - 19 can be stopped in its tracks .
Australia accomplished this trick not just once but twice .
The first time , it took about a month , the second time , it took a little less than two months .
The critical success factor was strong government leadership .
If the U.S. had behaved as Australia did , tens of thousands of lives would have been saved and we might now be going to the movies or sporting events on the weekends rather than wishing for a vaccine .
I received a few reader responses that all touched on how we seem to be willing to accept some number of cases and deaths in the U.S. , and I wanted to respond to those letters .
The nature of infectious diseases is that if R0 < 1 ( like H1N1 or SARS ) then the disease goes away relatively quickly on its own .
If R0 is a little above 1 ( like the seasonal flu ) then the disease spreads until something ( like warmer weather ) gets involved that drops R0 under 1 .
If R0 is significantly greater than one ( meaning each person infects more than one other person ) , like COVID - 19 , then the disease should progress unchecked until most of the population is infected and herd immunity kicks in .
Of course , this was not what happened .
Instead , COVID - 19 progressed through the U.S. largely unchecked until the end of March .
Then the U.S. " shut down " and started social distancing .
R0 became less than one in areas where social distancing was practiced .
This led to a slow decline of new cases through the middle of June .
This was not the result of a national movement towards social distancing .
Instead , this was very serious social distancing in the early states ( New York , New Jersey , Massachusetts ) while the rest of the states largely stayed the course .
Because most of the cases at the time were concentrated in the Eastern states , the early growth in the rest of the country was not obvious just by looking at the national trend .
In nearly every state ( including the early infected Eastern states ) there was a huge spike that caused people to take COVID seriously , but not seriously enough to actually stop it .
Even in New York and New Jersey , we ultimately settled into an equilibrium of hundreds of new cases a day .
Here 's where things stand right now in the 10 states that have the most new cases per day :
State New Cases / Day Comments
Texas 4,000 Recently stable California 3,500 Recently stable Florida 2,800 Stable for 1 month Illinois 1,800 Stable for 1 month Georgia 1,600 Recently stable Alabama 900 Recently stable New York 800 Stable for 3 months Oklahoma 800 Currently increasing Minnesota 800 Currently increasing New Jersey 400 Stable for 3 months , but currently increasing
I thought about dividing the new cases / day by the population , but I suspect that the raw number rather than the percentage of the population getting COVID - 19 may be more important in driving the psychology of the pandemic response .
Once the number of new cases per day reaches " thousands " in the local press , that is a big enough number to get people 's attention .
What we seem to see in the U.S. is a similar , general response to COVID - 19 in each state .
In our polarized political environment , there are some who take COVID - 19 very seriously , as well as some number of deniers , but on average they balance out :
When there are few cases locally : " It is not in my state .
There is nothing to worry about . "
When there are lot of cases : " COVID - 19 is here , and we have to start taking this seriously . "
When the case count goes down significantly : " We are doing better now .
We can start relaxing now .
We ca n't stay locked down forever . "
Now that we have Australia as a comparison , it is clear that the endless progression of new cases is not inevitable .
It exists only because we are not willing to do what it takes to totally stop the spread .
COVID - 19 is a very infectious disease .
Serious social distancing reduces the R0 to a number below 1 and brings the outbreak under control .
Impatience with the lockdowns and social distancing measures pushes the R0 back up to about 1 or above .
The U.S. population adjusts its behavior so that it reaches a stable equilibrium in each region .
The factors that influence behaviors that affect the spread of COVID - 19 are :
Leadership from the government Lockdown rules imposed by the government Personal perception of risk
Of course , 1 and 2 both greatly influence 3 , which ultimately is what governs our behavior .
This sums up why Australia succeeded in controlling COVID - 19 while the U.S. has failed .
The lack of leadership and the conservative position to undermine social distancing and safe behavior has killed thousands of Americans .
Australia was hit hard in March ( this is exactly the same time as the U.S. was getting hit in the Eastern States ) .
Australian officials responded and the first wave was over by May 1 .
The U.S. argued about whether this was all a Democratic hoax and then let the disease run throughout the population .
There is now no place in the U.S. where COVID is not present .
The Australian death rate is roughly 5 % of the U.S. death rate .
If we had treated this pandemic like Australia , perhaps 95 % of the U.S. deaths might have been avoided .
( PD )
Dr. Paul Dorsey , Ph.D. , works in medical software , providing software to support medical practices and hospitals nationwide .
With just over a month to go , Pennsylvania sure looks like it 's slipping away from Donald Trump , while his must - have states of North Carolina and Texas remain in toss - up territory .
( Z )
State Biden Trump Start End Pollster Illinois 53 % 40 % Sep 23 Sep 26 Victory Research North Carolina 46 % 45 % Sep 18 Sep 22 Meredith Coll . Nevada 46 % 41 % Sep 10 Sep 25 U. of Nevada Pennsylvania 49 % 40 % Sep 25 Sep 27 Siena Coll . Pennsylvania 54 % 45 % Sep 21 Sep 26 Langer Research Texas 48 % 48 % Sep 25 Sep 26 PPP
Jason Lewis is clearly going to come up short on Election Day .
Meanwhile , the polls of North Carolina all have Cal Cunningham leading , the only question is by how much .
Tillis has n't led in a poll since June , and he 's never gotten a poll where his lead was outside the margin of error .
( Z )
State Democrat D % Republican R % Start End Pollster Minnesota Tina Smith * 49 % Jason Lewis 41 % Sep 21 Sep 23 Mason Dixon North Carolina Cal Cunningham 43 % Thom Tillis* 42 % Sep 18 Sep 22 Meredith Coll .
questions@electoral-vote.com
For questions about politics , civics , history , etc. to be answered on a Saturday
comments@electoral-vote.com
For " letters to the editor " for possible publication on a Sunday
corrections@electoral-vote.com
To tell us about typos or factual errors we should fix
items@electoral-vote.com
For general suggestions , ideas , etc .
* Denotes incumbentIf you wish to contact us , please use one of these addresses .
For the first two , please include your initials and city .
To download a poster about the site to hang up , please click here .
The government agency that birthed the Internet is developing a sophisticated search engine for video , and when complete will allow intelligence analysts to sift through live footage from spy drones , as well as thousands of hours worth of archived recordings , in order to spot a variety of selected events or behaviors .
In the past month , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced nearly $ 20 million in total contracts for private firms to begin developing the system , which is slated to take until at least 2011 to complete .
According to a prospectus written in March but released only this month , the Video and Image Retrieval and Analysis Tool ( VIRAT ) will enable intel analysts to " rapidly find video content of interest from archives and provide alerts to the analyst of events of interest during live operations , " taking both conventional video and footage from infrared scanners as input .
The VIRAT project is an effort to cope with a growing data glut that has taxed intelligence resources because of the need to have trained human personnel perform time - and labor - intensive review of recorded video .
Diagram of the VIRAT system concept
The DARPA overview emphasizes that VIRAT will not be designed with " face recognition , gait recognition , human identification , or any form of biometrics " in mind .
Rather , the system will search for classes of activities or events .
A suggested partial list in the prospectus includes digging , loitering , exploding , shooting , smoking , following , shaking hand , excahnging objects , crawling under a car , breaking a window , and evading a checkpoint .
As new sample clips are fed into the system , it will need to recognize the signature features of new classes of search terms .
How VIRAT would work in action
VIRAT will be rolled out in three phases , each assigned to a different contractor in order to prevent conflicts of interest .
The first phase , design of an initial prototype , will be handled by New York–based Kitware , Inc. , which The Washington Post reports is heading a consortium of 9 companies and universities that will work on the $ 6.7 million project .
( Correction : The Post initially misidentified the consortium as comprising 19 members . )
Later phases will refine and optimize the search algorithm , then demonstrate its capabilities on real - world data .
Massachussets - based BAE Systems National Security Solutions and Lockheed Martin were also awarded VIRAT contracts , presumably for these later phases , totalling $ 7.2 million and $ 5.5 million respectively .
By the end of the final phase of development , according to DARPA 's plan , VIRAT will process at least 58 megapixels per second , with an accuracy rate of 95 percent .
by Shaula
We are in beautiful Nashua , New Hampshire , in the south east corner of the state , absolutely under siege from the elements .
We took the back roads in from Sturbridge , Massachusetts on Thursday , August 14 , and got in late .
How late ?
Too late !
Restaurants and grocery stores around here close at 9:00 pm .
We finished checking in at …9:01 pm. Naturally .
We did however manage to snag one of the last rooms at the inn ( the Granite Inn , in fact ) on a Thursday night , going into a weekend when EVERY hotel in town was completely booked thanks to the Nashua Pride baseball team home game at historic Holman Stadium .
I also managed , somewhat miraculously , to wake up in time to hit the make - your - own - waffle - bar continental breakfast before it closed at 9:30 a.m. the next morning .
( As a non-morning person , this was really a triumph for me . )
Hooray !
Here I need to praise the Granite Inn : their complimentary continental breakfast is one of the two best we ’ve had the pleasure to wake up for on this trip .
The Sturbridge Publick House offered coffee , ( good ! ) tea , and baked - on - the - premises fresh pastries that were very good .
The Granite Inn has coffee , tea , a selection of juices , make - your - own - waffles ( with a funky rotating waffle iron ) , fresh bagels , fresh English muffins , and fresh butter and milk free of preservatives .
You ’ll notice that I use the word “ fresh ” a great deal : that ’s because food - grade food has been rare in our experience of continental breakfasts over the past six weeks .
Most cream cheese , creamer and butter / margarine we ’ve encountered does n’t require refrigeration because it contains more preservatives than food ; many of the pastries have been so sugar - filled and chemical - laden that , to use Neil ’s favourite phrase , they have the shelf life of gravel .
In other words , it resoundingly fails the “ do n’t eat anything that does n’t rot ” standard .
I realize that many people eat food like this every day , but my health and my excuse for an immune system just wo n’t tolerate the ersatz foods that constitute the standard American diet .
As a result , we generally do n’t have high expectations of hotels ’ advertised “ complimentary breakfasts , ” and it is an absolute delight to encounter something that is not only edible but delicious .
( We understand from a chat with one of the staff that the Granite Inn is under fairly new management ownership who have been making a lot of positive changes , including fixing up the breakfast .
Thank you ! )
After breakfast our weather adventures began in earnest .
Friday was a hot , humid day ; not a bad day compared to the sticky summers we ’re escaping from Richmond , Virginia , but more than unpleasant enough by local Nashua standards .
We got stuck outside for an hour ( it ’s a long story ) , overdressed .
By the time we got home , I collapsed in a nap .
Friday night we watched the evening news : about how the weather on the east coast is so severe that the Bronx is FLOODED .
It was vindicating that it was n’t “ just ” me crazy weather tends to knock me flat , and this summer has been breaking historic records for crazy weather .
I ’m glad we were n’t planning on spending the summer at the beach !
I worry for all the people in the tourism industry , especially all the mom-and - pop businesses , whose operations are being hit by both the poor weather and the high cost of gas .
One of the hotel owners we ’ve chatted with said that August is the month that hotels make their money for the year ; it ’s like Christmas shopping for retail businesses .
And , outside of special events like the baseball game in Nashua and weddings in Sturbridge , every single hotel we ’ve stayed at has been at least half empty for the entire trip .
We chalked my bad day up to crazy weather .
Little did we know our weather adventures were just beginning .
Next : Knackered in Nashua Part 2
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian lawmakers meet on Monday to discuss pleas by Georgian separatists for Moscow to recognize their independence , a move that could stoke tensions with the West over Russia ’s military intervention in pro-Western Georgia .
The non-binding resolutions on South Ossetia and Abkhazia could flag Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ’s intentions or be designed to strengthen his hand with the West as he negotiates the status of Russian forces in its former Soviet vassal .
EU president France , which brokered a ceasefire in the conflict which has killed hundreds of people and made thousands more homeless , called a September 1 meeting of EU leaders to discuss the crisis and review the bloc ’s relations with Russia .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said ties with Moscow could be scaled back if its troops were not fully withdrawn .
The United States , which has said Russia ’s bid to join the World Trade Organisation could also suffer , on Sunday delivered 55 tonnes of aid aboard the warship USS McFaul a gesture of support for Georgia ’s President Mikheil Saakashvili that is likely to further inflame anti-West sentiment in Moscow .
Russia sent in troops on August 8 to crush Georgia ’s bid to retake the pro-Moscow rebel region of South Ossetia , rattling markets and shocking Western states alarmed by the Kremlin ’s assertive behavior in a key oil and gas transit route .
Moscow , which withdrew the bulk of its forces from Georgia ’s heartland on Friday , says residual troops are peacekeepers needed to avert further bloodshed and protect Georgia ’s separatist , pro-Moscow provinces of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
But Georgia and the West object to the scale of the Russian - imposed buffer zone adjoining the two rebel regions , which hands Moscow pressure points on key oil , gas and trade routes through Georgia to the Black Sea .
Washington and Europe fear the continued Russian presence in Georgia will cement the country ’s ethnic partition and undermine Saakashvili ’s pro-Western government .
BARGAINING CHIP
Russia ’s formal recognition of the independence of South Ossetia and the Black Sea province of Abkhazia , would put it on a collision course with the West , which insists that Georgia ’s territorial integrity be fully respected .
Members of the Federation Council upper house and the State Duma , the lower chamber , have cut short their summer recess to discuss the issue at extraordinary sessions .
The Federation Council ’s website ( www.council.gov.ru) said its session would start at 10 a.m. ( 0600 GMT ) on Monday .
At noon ( 0800 GMT ) , the Duma is due to discuss a similar agenda , Russian news agencies have said .
Slideshow ( 31 images )
“ The Federation Council is ready to recognize Abkhazia ’s and South Ossetia ’s independence , if the people of these regions wish and if there is an appropriate decision by the Russian president , ” the chamber ’s head Sergei Mironov said on Friday .
Analysts say resolutions by the parliamentary chambers , both tightly controlled by the Kremlin , could give Medvedev a formal pretext for the recognition of the regions .
On August 14 Medvedev told separatist leaders in Moscow that Russia would support a drive for self - determination by Abkhazia and South Ossetia and vowed to guarantee any such move .
Slideshow ( 31 images )
However , the Kremlin could -- as he has done in the past -- ignore pleas by parliament that would exacerbate its confrontation with the West , and instead use domestic pressure as a bargaining chip in a future trade - off with the West .
Lawmakers could also adopt less radical resolutions , leaving the Kremlin to handle relations with Abkhazia and South Ossetia , having full - scale ties without formal recognition .
That would mirror the way most states deal with Taiwan , which China considers as a renegade province .
Russia has so far resisted repeated calls for formal recognition by South Ossetians and Abkhazians , although Kremlin officials have hinted that the Western recognition of Serbia ’s breakaway region of Kosovo has created a precedent .
Moscow says its armed intervention averted a “ genocide ” of Ossetians by Georgia , and Russian leaders have said it is unthinkable the rebels would agree to reunite with Georgia .
Despite repeated demands for a complete Russian pullback to positions before the conflict , the West lacks leverage over a resurgent Russia whose oil and gas it sorely needs .
Screeeeech .
What was that ?
Reverse .
Whoa .
That was likely the scene in one gamer 's living room this week , as he spotted a virtual billboard for the Obama campaign during an online session of the racing game Burnout Paradise on the XBox 360 .
The spot , first reported Thursday and confirmed to the folks at GigaOM by the game 's publisher in an email Monday , represents the first time a major political campaign has purchased advertising in a video game .
Fresh off snagging 30 minutes of network TV airtime , the Obama camp continues to push the envelope in the battle for eyeballs .
They were the ones , if you 'll recall , who launched an innovative free iPhone application that helps Obama backers drum up support among friends by organizing phone contacts in battleground states .
But this newest ad venture might not be without its pitfalls .
Posters for the Burnout series were banned from the London subway last year by the UK's Advertising Standards Agency .
The ads in question bore the slogan " inner peace through outer violence , " and were taken down for being " likely to encourage violence , dangerous driving , and antisocial behaviour . "
Besides the game 's questionable pedigree , the ads ' medium has come into question .
Wagner James
Au over at GigaOM points out that the campaign could be accused of sending mixed messages :
Earlier this year [ Obama ] was telling audiences that parents need to “ turn off the television set , and put the video games away . ”
Then again , since the Burnout billboard specifically advises gamers to vote early , maybe it ’s his subtle way of trying to get them off the couch .
By Adam Blenford
BBC News
When police armed response units pulled up at Scripps Ranch High School , it was bad news for the teenage boy carrying a replica machine gun around campus .
Many US high schools have thousands of students
Under an incentive scheme at Scripps Ranch , a large San Diego high school , students can call a special " tip line " - 888-580-TIPS
- to report suspicious activity on campus .
Callers whose tips lead to arrests or charges can earn themselves rewards of up to $ 1,000 .
The Scripps Ranch tip was accurate : one 16 - year - old student had brought a fearsome - looking gas - powered pellet gun into the school , which he sold to a fellow pupil for $ 150 .
Neither boy seemed intent on criminal damage .
Instead , police say , the buyer was probably hoping to find time for a little target practice in the canyons around Scripps Ranch .
But weeks after a deadly shooting spree at a high school in Red Lake , Minnesota , fears of violence in US schools are running high once more .
Under a zero - tolerance approach to weapons in school , carrying anything from a replica Uzi to a simple camping knife through the gates could lead to disciplinary procedures , expulsion and a possible conviction .
Warped perspective
Law enforcement officials and school authorities sing the praises of the incentives schemes , which are in operation at about 2,000 US schools .
The schemes are not new , with the first set up in 1983 , but they are becoming increasingly popular as students , parents and teachers all focus on security .
There are people offering rewards to do one thing and people threatening consequences if students do n't do something else .
Prof Kay Herting Wahl
University of Minnesota
" There are other programmes out there that pay students to read , " says Millie DeAnda , chair of school programmes for Crime Stoppers USA , which organises the schemes .
" But in a lot of our schools we have problems where youths are bringing in guns , drugs , knives and if it was n't for the students none of us would know about it , " she told the BBC News website .
" There should always be concern where there is money involved .
But we have found that the students know more than the teachers .
They are the first to know . "
Students at Red Lake did not believe Jeff Weise planned to kill
It later emerged that the son of a local tribal leader discussed aspects of the attack with Weise .
Police made an arrest .
In mitigation , Louis Jourdain said he never believed Weise was serious .
Kay Herting
Wahl , associate professor of educational psychology at the University of Minnesota , told the BBC News website that students often found themselves in trouble for not coming forward with their suspicions .
" Most of the time students do n't take things seriously - they just do n't believe the things they hear .
Plus there is a whole sense of community and that sense of not telling tales on other , " said Ms Herting Wahl .
As director of school counselling services in Minnesota , Ms Herting Wahl has direct contact with the Red Lake students .
She maintains that most students would voluntarily report serious issues , including weapons and drug dealing , whether or not a reward was on offer .
But , she says : " Life is more complex than that .
They are kids , and their perspective gets pretty warped sometimes . "
Facing expulsion
At Scripps Ranch the authorities love Crime Stoppers .
School Principal Bill
Fox sent a letter to parents immediately after the replica gun incident , and sung the scheme 's praises in the local press .
Zero tolerance was enforced after the Columbine killings
" I 've been preaching it on campus for the whole year , " school police officer Dan Palkovic told the BBC News website .
" I actually think it instils a sense of community .
Kids do know a lot more than us but a lot of the time they do n't want to talk because they could be called a rat .
" Now they can make the call and remain anonymous . "
A 10 - strong team of armed police were on campus within minutes of the replica gun being spotted in the school on Tuesday , Mr Palkovic said .
Within minutes the two boys were arrested .
Their school has now recommended them for expulsion and they face criminal charges for bringing the weapon onto school grounds .
Large high schools in the US routinely have a serving police officer detailed to look after law enforcement issues on campus .
Metal detectors and security camera were installed many years ago .
" It 's a little like airport security , " said Kay Herting Wahl .
She recalled how a Minnesota schoolboy vowed to hurt a teacher during a lunchtime fit of rage shortly after the Red Lake shootings .
After thinking it over for a few minutes , his friends , worried what would happen if they did n't speak up , told their teachers .
The boy could barely remember making his threat when he was promptly summoned to the principal 's office .
He was later expelled , Ms Herting Wahl said .
" It 's not something we joke about any more . "
Rob Portman , a former Ohio congressman and White House budget director who was also tipped as a potential vice - president , had earlier whipped up the crowd with a lively critique of Barack Obama 's final night convention show in Denver .
" This is Ohio not Hollywood .
We 're not impressed with glitz and glamour .
We like a workhorse not a show pony , " he declared to deafening cheers .
Another revealing exchange :
GIBSON : Why do you both keep saying that Obama is going to raise people 's taxes ?
It 's been pretty clear what he intends .
He 's talked about middle - class tax cuts , extending Bush tax cuts on everything but people who own or earn more than $ 250,000 a year -- cuts taxes on over 91 percent of the country .
Why do you keep saying he 's going to raise people 's taxes ?
PALIN : Well , I would argue with the whole premise of that , that his mission is to not increase taxes .
He 's had 94 opportunities to either vote for a tax cut or not support tax increases .
And 94 times , he 's been on the other side of what I believe the majority of Americans want .
Man at center of ' Troopergate ' wants to ' move on ' Nick Langewis
Published : Sunday September 7 , 2008
Print This Email
This " I would like to put this behind me and move on with my life , " said Trooper Mike Wooten to the Washington Post on Friday .
Alaska Governor and McCain vice presidential pick Sarah Palin , after her election in 2006 , allegedly targeted Wooten for firing and labeled him a " loose cannon " in retaliation over events that took place towards the end of his marriage to her sister , Molly McCann .
More than 20 internal affairs investigations on Wooten took place after McCann , Gov. Palin and other family members lodged complaints .
Wooten was allegedly overheard threatening to kill Palin 's father in 2005 before Wooten and McCann finalized their divorce .
" That did not happen , " Wooten said .
" There was ( sic ) obviously arguments between Molly and I , but there were no confrontations where I threatened to kill her father .
I have n't threatened to kill anyone in that family . "
Gov. Palin is currently being investigated under suspicion of pressuring state public safety commissioner Walt Monegan to fire Wooten , then dismissing Monegan in July of this year when he refused .
Wooten admits to making " mistakes " during his run as an Alaska State Trooper , but says that he is " trying to move on . "
" My focus is on my job and my kids , " he added .
Violations Wooten was found to have committed included drinking a beer before driving a state vehicle , using a Taser on his 10 - year - old stepson and illegally using his wife 's permit to shoot a moose .
He denied the beer - related charges and acknowledged the other two .
The taser used on his stepson , Wooten said , was on a " test " setting at low strength to indulge the boy 's curiosity .
" When it was over he thought it was great and wanted to do it all again , " Wooten said .
" He was bragging about it and telling everyone in the family about it . "
" If I had to do it over again , " he added , " I would n't do it ... It 's one of those situations that nobody cared about .
Everybody laughed about it , until several years later [ when ] it was made to be something it was n't .
It was n't a good idea . "
Reports showed that his then - wife and extended family members were in the house at the time of the incident .
" It was no the actual Tasing of the stepson that was the issue , " added attorney Jon Marc Peterson , saying that the official violation arose from personal use of a piece of state - owned equipment .
One Alaska lawmaker is calling for a member of the ethics panel investigating Gov. Palin to be replaced .
State Rep. John Coghill , a Republican , has charged that State Senator Hollis French , a Democrat , has politicized the investigation by saying publicly that Senator McCain would n't have chosen Palin as his running mate had she been properly vetted .
" Now they may have to deal with an October surprise , " French said .
" Senator French appears to be steering the direction of the investigation , its conclusion , and its timing in a manner that will have maximum partisan political impact on the national and state elections , " Coghill said in a complaint to Alaska Legislative Council chief Kim Elton .
Coghill added that he wanted someone to take French 's place who was " professional , unbiased , independent , objective , " and " at arm 's length from the political process . "
" I probably said some things I should not have said , " said Senator French , who went on to deny that he had influenced the chief investigator on the panel .
French added that it was " just basic fairness to the governor " that the " Troopergate " investigation be completed on October 10 as opposed to the original anticipated date of October 31 .
On September 12 , subpoenas may be issued to numerous state employees who have reneged on plans to give depositions .
The accompanying video report , broadcast on September 4 , 2008 , appears courtesy of ABC News :
ABC News :
Officials of the Alaskan Independence Party say that Palin was once so independent , she was once a member of their party , which since the 1970s has been pushing for a legal vote for Alaskans to decide whether or not residents of the 49th state can secede from the United States .
And while McCain 's motto -- as seen in a new TV ad -- is " Country First , " the AIP 's motto is the exact opposite -- " Alaska First -- Alaska Always . "
We 've been exploring the AIP all day here , here and here .
Did Palin agree with the group 's platform ?
She does n't know what Palin 's position was .
" It never came up in conversation , " Clark recalls .
" But when she joined the party our platform was right under her nose . "
And what does the AIP believe ?
A belief that " the vote for statehood was invalid because the people were not presented with the range of options available to them " and that " the federal government has since breached the contract for statehood on numerous occasions in over a dozen serious and substantial instances . "
A belief that there should be a vote on Alaskan secession .
Remaining " steadfastly opposed to environmental regulations and actively promotes the private ownership and widespread development of Alaskan land . "
A platform which includes : [ A ] mending the Constitution of the State of Alaska so as to re-establish the rights of all Alaskan residents to entry upon all public lands within the state , and to acquire private property interest there in , under fair and reasonable conditions .
Such property interest shall include surface and sub -surface patent .
[ F ] oster a constitutional amendment abolishing and prohibiting all property taxes .
[ S ] eek[ing ] the complete repatriation of the public lands , held by the federal government , to the state and people of Alaska[ . ]
We also learn that not only was Palin a member , but she and her husband attended the group 's 1994 convention .
It 's unclear how much Palin 's involvement with the AIP has influenced her political philosophy today .
Now a member of the Republican party , does she still , as the Vice Chairman of the AIP put it , " pretty well sympathetic to her former membership " ?
The Fed normally oversees monetary policy and supervision of banks .
AIG was seeking the funds as a temporary measure and planned to repay the Fed with the proceeds from asset sales .
And in another blow to AIG , Standard & Poor 's Ratings Services it lowered its long - term counterparty rating on AIG to ' A - ' from ' AA -' and its short - term counterparty credit rating on AIG to ' A - 2 ' from ' A - 1 + ' .
Standard & Poor 's also said that it lowered its counterparty credit and financial strength ratings on most of AIG 's insurance operating subsidiaries to ' A + ' from ' AA +'.
All of these ratings remain on CreditWatch with negative implications , where they were placed on Sept. 12 , 2008 .
AIG Gets New York State Assistance
Meanwhile , New York State will allow AIG to use $ 20 billion of assets held by its subsidiaries to provide cash needed for the troubled insurer to stay in business , Gov. David Paterson said .
The governor has also asked the head of New York 's insurance department to talk with Federal regulators about providing an additional bridge loan to AIG .
" AIG still remains financially sound , " Paterson said .
The move will allow AIG to use those assets as collateral to borrow cash to fund its day - to - day operations , Paterson explained .
AIG has been battered over the past year by billions of dollars of losses tied to deterioration in the mortgage and credit markets .
Meanwhile , AIG is no longer in talks to receive help from billionaire investor Warren Buffett , CNBC has learned .
Talks about a possible investment by Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway took place Friday and Saturday but have not led to anything and have not resumed .
Shares of AIG fell sharply Monday reports that the insurer had turned to the Federal Reserve for $ 40 billion in bridge financing to ward off a liquidity crisis and ratings downgrades .
AIG shares have fallen about 80 percent since the start of the year .
Paterson said he had worked with AIG in a bid to help save New York jobs , with the insurer employing 6,000 in Manhattan and 8,600 statewide .
He added that the plan was carefully crafted to pose no risk to New York taxpayers .
New York Insurance Superintendent Eric Dinallo is appealing to the federal government on AIG 's behalf to provide it additional access to capital , Paterson said .
Huddle in New York
The New York Federal Reserve was hosting meetings Monday on the situation of embattled insurer AIG with representatives of the Treasury Department , financial services firms and state officials , an official said Monday .
" At the request of AIG and a consortium of financial institutions , we are providing premises to discuss the situation , " a New York Fed spokesman said .
Outlook : Why the Fed Wo n't Cut Interest Rates
A source told Reuters the New York Fed has hired Morgan Stanleyto review options regarding AIG .
The Fed and the Treasury Department declined to comment .
The up - front cost of insuring $ 10 million of AIG 's debt for five years jumped to $ 3.05 million from $ 1.3 million on Friday , in addition to annual payments of $ 500,000 , according to Markit Intraday .
The insurer , which has incurred $ 18 billion in losses over the past three quarters from guarantees it wrote on mortgage derivatives , was hit on Friday by Standard & Poor 's putting the company 's credit ratings on negative watch , indicating a possible downgrade .
Over the weekend , AIG executives and New York state insurance regulators scrambled to hatch a plan that would boost AIG 's liquidity .
Several analysts , in research reports on Monday , warned that the company is unlikely to resemble itself after a much - anticipated restructuring .
AIG has been considering " a wide range of options , " the company said , including selling off valuable assets .
Ed Schultz :
Capitol Hill sources are telling me that senior McCain people are more than concerned about Palin .
The campaign has held a mock debate and a mock press conference ; both are being described as “ disastrous . ”
One senior McCain aide was quoted as saying , “ What are we going to do ? ”
The McCain people want to move this first debate to some later , undetermined date , possibly never .
People on the inside are saying the Alaska Governor is “ clueless . ”
I wo n't keep you in suspense .
I 'll go ahead and name them right here , at the top of my post -- the six free security tools that all IT folks should know about and use .
( But , you 'll have to click through this nifty mult - page post to let me explain my choices . )
And the winners are ... MetaSploit , Splunk , Google ( do n't laugh -- it 's true ! ) , KeePass , Helix and Netwox .
Now read on to learn why ...
MetaSploit
It has a strange name , but MetaSploit is a very cool development platform that assists information security professionals in creating tools and exploits .
Using the framework ( its built - in tools ) , you can conduct penetration tests , verify patch installations and even perform regression testing .
Written using Ruby , the current 3.1 version comes with over 450 modules , including 265 remote exploits that can be targeted against various releases of Windows , Linux , BSD , Unix , and the Mac OS .
If that is n't enough built - in functionality for your tastes , you can also use MetaSploit to create your own modules or scour around for ones that have already been created .
Overall this is a great tool and in the hands of system administrations it can be put to good use testing your organization ’s defenses .
However , there are always two - sides to a shiny coin .
MetaSploit is also an effective tool for conducting attacks .
Click to enlarge .
For more information see : www.metasploit.com
Splunk
I first talked about Splunk when I wrote about the 2008 RSA Conference .
Yes , the Security Incident and Event Manager ( SIEM ) space is crowded .
But Splunk is not a SIEM per se .
Its approach is slightly different in that it is , like Google , primarily a search engine .
As such its developers have focused much of their effort on making Splunk into a good information aggregator for IT - related information and events .
So Splunk is different from other SIEMs in that it is able to provide a very good platform for correlation and analysis .
From the get go , by some hidden method , Splunk takes in data and provides order where there was once chaos .
In my opinion , being able to dynamically figure out different logging structures ( provided you can feed Splunk data via a known basis – text primarily ) is a very powerful feature which makes this tool a must - have .
Note : Splunk is not open source but you can download it for free under its developer 's freeware license .
Click to enlarge .
For more information see : www.splunk.com
Google
You might be laughing now , after all Google is just a search engine , right ?
Funny enough , Google is also a really great security tool .
Like Splunk , Google is an information aggregator .
The primary difference between the two is that Google provides you with a massive amount of publicly available ( sometime meant to be private ) information .
Things that you can use Google for include :
Gathering information about your target
Performing basic penetration testing
Finding sites that allow directory indexing
Searching for pages for / with a particular phrase in the title ( intitle )
Finding certain pages via a particular phrase ( allinurl )
Or even pilfering the Google cache for information ( that should n't be there ) .
Click to enlarge .
For more information about how to use Google as a security tool see : johnny.ihackstuff.com
KeePass
I can’t tell you how much I love this little program .
KeePass is a free , open - source password management application .
Using KeePass , you can store all of your credentials in a single secure database that can only be accessed by using a master password , key ( a file ) , master password + key , or Windows credentials .
Here are some reasons to use this utility :
Database is encrypted using AES and Twofish
Portable and no installation required
Easy database transfer
Support of password groups
Intuitive and secure Windows Clipboard handling
Searching and sorting
Multi-language support
Strong random password generator
Plugin architecture
Last of all , and most importantly , KeePass is open source !
Click to enlarge .
For more information see : www.keepass.info
Helix
Picture this ; your CEO has just been put on probation for possibly pilfering the company ’s coffers .
You , being an incident - handling wizard , have been asked to perform an analysis of the CEO ’s computer in an effort to obtain evidence .
Besides performing other obvious incident - handling steps ( depending on your organization ) how might you go about obtaining evidence in a forensically sound way ?
One method might be to purchase and use something like EnCase ( which costs a bit of money ) .
Another method might be to hire a forensics firm ( which costs a bit more money and they just use EnCase ) .
Or you could turn to a something called Helix which is a customized distribution of the Knoppix Live Linux CD .
By using Helix and its boatload of tools you can easily conduct an investigation that does n’t modify the host computer in any way .
Click to enlarge .
For more information see : www.e-fense.com/helix
Netwox
Netwox is both an oldie and a goodie .
But chances are , you have never heard of this tool and that ’s a shame .
With over 222 various tools , Netwox is a network toolbox powerhouse .
While work on the project was stopped in 2004 , the tasks that you can “ complete ” using this utility are still very relevant .
For example you could :
Sniff packets
Grab files via HTTP
Attempt a brute force crack on an FTP server
Use Netwox as a back door on an system
Spoof packets
Even compute cryptographic hash of a file
The list is just staggering .
If you have time on your hands … you could spend hours playing .
Click to enlarge .
For more information see : http://www.laurentconstantin.com/en/netw/netwox/
Paidat pitkillä hihoilla ja bändipaidat ovat must .
Pääkallokuvioiset topit ovat myös kelvollisia .
Käy vintagekaupassa tarkastamassa niiden valikoima .
Ehkä löydät jotain rock - tyylistä päällepantavaa sopuhintaan .
Tarkasta myös asusteet .
Käytä mielikuvitusta alaosassa
Valitse skinny farkut , farkkuhame tai muu minimekko käy loistavasti .
Ainoastaan skinny farkut eivät tee rock - tyylistä , kokeile erilaisia vaatteita jotta näet minkä tyyppisestä tykkäät .
Voit valita useista eri aikakausista , kuten 70 - luvun hippirock ja 2000 - luvun neo-punk .
Käytä mielikuvitustasi ja yhdistele hame ja sukkahousuja , äidin vanha bilepaita ja vanhat aurinkolasit .
Hanki tyyliin sopivia kenkiä , esimerkiksi punaiset nilkkapituiset saappaat tai maiharit .
Muita rock vaihtoehtoja ovat skeittitossut .
Sijoita aitoon nahkatakkiin , prätkä tai pilotti - mallia , väriksi kannattaa valita musta tai ruskea .
Jos et halua hankkia aitoa , voit ostaa tekonahkatakin .
Se on edullisempi ostaa ja eläinystävällisempi .
Tekonahkatakeissa on runsaasti kuosivaihtoehtojakin joista valita .
Kirpputoreilla voi löytää uniikimpia nahkatakkeja kuin vaatekaupoista .
Voit vielä lisätä pinssejä , siten saat nahkatakistasi vielä enemmän rock - tyylisen .
Korujen käyttö on lähes pakollista rock - tyyliselle .
Tsekkaa Bijou Birgitten valikoimat .
Rohkea koru kaulassa tai pari herättää huomion .
Rannekoruja toiseen käteen ja hopeisia sormuksia molempiin käsiin .
Hanki isoja korvakoruja lookin viimeistelyyn .
näyttävillä koruilla .
Ketjut ja riipukset ovat hienoja , kunhan et laita niitä monia yhtäaikaa .
Suuret aurinkolasit täydentävät tyylisi .
Näitä löytyy sopuhinnalla monista liikkeistä .
Hopeiset kehykset tuovat hauskaa lisää tyyliisi .
Muista myös sopiva laukku .
Käsilaukku voi olla esim .
musta nahkalaukku , jota voit koristella pinsseillä , vain mielikuvituksesi on rajana .
Laukkuja , koruja ja rock - vaatetta myyvät kaupat löytyvät täältä : vaatteetnetistä.com
Tatuoinnit sopivat tyyliin , mutta harkitse tarkkaan ennen kuin hankit .
Meikkauksen määrä on itse päätettävissäsi .
” Smoky ” silmämeikki ovat aina tyyliin sopivat .
Hiuksia ei ole välttämätöntä vetää mustaksi.
toimii kaiken värisillä hiuksilla .
Katso vaikka rock - tähtien hiustyylejä .
Hartiapituisiin rock - tyyli syntyy suihkuttamalla niihin vähän lakkaa ja sitten sotketaan vähän .
Paksu otsatukka ja takkuinen ponnari toimii myös hyvin .
Jos tykkäät pitää hiuksesi sotkuisena lyhyt hiustyyli toimii paremmin .
hyviä linkkejä :
vaatteetnetistä.com ,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_rock_genres
This week the snappily named Salaam Insurance announced it was taking its " halal car insurance " to a wider audience than Britain 's 2 million Muslims .
And with good reason - this sharia - compliant product is attractive enough to give many established insurers a run for their money .
For years the UK has had sharia - compliant mortgages engineered so that borrowers pay for their loan without incurring interest charges - something outlawed by sharia rules .
But until now , according to Farrukh Raza of Islamic Finance Advisory & Assurance Services , Muslim car owners have had to put their beliefs to one side when buying a policy .
" These new products are sharia - compliant but the insurance works in exactly the same way as conventional policies . "
Salaam says its car policies conform to the principle of takaful - a form of sharing risk .
Any surplus is returned to customers as discounts on their next renewal .
You 'll know the money was invested ethically , too .
It cannot , for example , be sunk into businesses that are prohibited to Muslims - such as casinos or pornography .
The big question is , will it undercut your current premium ?
Yesterday I got a quote from Salaam to insure my 10 - year - old Toyota estate .
It came it at £ 233 - almost exactly the same as we pay our current insurer , the Co-op .
So it certainly looks competitive .
Next time your car insurance renewal comes through , it could be worth going halal .
" Prudent " eaters consume more fruit and veg Swapping fried and salty foods for fruit and veg could cut the global incidence of heart attacks by a third , a study of eating habits suggests .
Researchers analysed the diet of 16,000 people in 52 countries and identified three global eating patterns , Circulation journal reports .
The typical Western diet , high in fat , salt and meat , accounted for about 30 % of heart attack risk in any population .
A " prudent " diet high in fruit and veg lowered heart risk by a third .
30 % of the risk of heart disease in a population could be related to poor diet
Lead author Romania Iqbal An Oriental diet , high in tofu , soy and other sauces , made no difference to heart attack risk .
The researchers created a dietary risk score questionnaire based on 19 food groups and then asked 5,561 heart attack patients and 10,646 people with known heart disease to fill out their survey .
People who ate a Western diet had a 35 % greater risk of having a heart attack than those who ate little or no fried foods and meat .
The typical Western diet has been widely linked to heart disease .
High salt in the diet can raise blood pressure and the wrong type of fat can clog blood vessels .
Investigating overall eating patterns is more true to life than looking at intake of individual foods or nutrients .
Global trend
The researchers said their work suggested that the same relationships between food and heart disease that are observed in Western countries exist in other regions of the world .
Lead author Romania Iqbal , of McMaster University in Canada , said : " 30 % of the risk of heart disease in a population could be related to poor diet . "
The researchers said that while components of the Oriental diet might be bad for the heart - such as the salt in soy sauce - these elements were likely cancelled out by protective components .
Ellen Mason , a cardiac nurse for the British Heart Foundation , said : " This study shows that it doesnt matter whether you live in Bolton or Bombay , or whether you like to eat British , African Caribbean or Asian foods .
" The vital thing is to reduce your intake of salty , fried , fatty food to a minimum but increase the amount of fruit and vegetables you eat . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This was not a driftnet .
This was not dragnet .
The government does n't and did n't have a massive computer listening into phone calls and emails inside the United States listening for keywords .
That technology you 've seen in movies like the Bourne Identity – we do n't use that .
That 's what the Attorney General Michal Mukasey reiterated to a federal court Saturday , denying the NSA or its telecom partners engaged in " dragnet collection on the contents of millions of communications [...] for the purpose of analyzing those communication through key word searches to obtain information about possible terrorist attacks . " ( emphasis in original )
And since that did not happen , the dozens of suits filed against companies such as AT&T alleging such a thing should be dismissed , according to Mukasey , who was invoking the telecom immunity provisions passed by Congress in July .
That same bill legalized most of the spying program that was not a dragnet .
It also oddly legalized dragnet surveillance of Americans ' international communications .
So if there 's no Big Brother ear listening for the perfectly wrong word , what was going on ?
Well , one might look to the things Mukasey would not deny or perhaps , look closer at the language of the denial ( .pdf ) .
As for the widely reported allegation that the nation 's telecoms turned over Americans ' phone records to the government so its computers could sort through them to decide who looked like a terrorist ?
The Attorney General refused to say publicly if that happened since doing so would destroy the nation faster than a trillion dollars in sham mortgages .
Never mind that more than a handful of federal lawmakers briefed on the matter in 2006 confirmed media reports that such records were turned over .
There 's quite a wealth of information that can be gleaned from simply analyzing who calls whom and whom that whom calls next .
But Mukasey did admit in the public version of his filings to U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn Walker that the carriers either did n't do this or did so after the government told them that government lawyers thought it was legal , even though getting a single American 's phone records in a criminal case requires a judge 's order .
Either way , the AG said , the suits should be dismissed immediately or else such companies will never help again in the future when the government shows up with a secret and legally dubious request for records about Americans .
The government admits that the warrantless wiretapping of Americans ' international phone calls and emails is only a part of its secret post 9/11 intelligence operations inside the country .
And it admits that some telecoms helped its so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program or TSP
But admitting which ones did and did not ?
Mukasey again withheld the goods , telling the court that disclosing publicly " whether particular provider - defendants assisted with the TSP would cause exceptional harm to national security . "
As for whether the telecoms turned over billions of communications to the government for analysis by algorithms that are smarter than key word searches for the word ' bomb ' or ' jihad ' ?
The Attorney General artfully did not admit or deny .
What about storing communications in bulk for months or years simply for retrieval for future analysis ?
The Attorney General artfully did not admit or deny .
Some legal scholars – including the influential federal court judge Richard Posner argue that collecting everything and having algorithms sort through the country 's SMS messages , emails and phone calls does n't amount to surveillance , until a human looks at communications flagged by the computer .
So if we are to take the Attorney General at his word – that leaves a very interesting question that still has n't been answered despite some outstandiing behind - the - scenes reporting on the fight inside the Bush Administration over the program .
What was the government doing – if not a keyword dragnet – that led the top ranks of the Justice Department , including then Attorney General John Ashcroft , and the head of the FBI Robert Mueller to threaten to resign en masse ?
One suspects it has something to do with purely domestic communications , which do n't come close to falling into the grey zones of the complicated rules about when the government does and does not need a court order to wiretap .
Anyone have any hypotheses .
or better yet , documents ?
See Also :
Justice Dept called uncooperative on voting rights
The House Judiciary Committee chairman on Wednesday said the Justice Department is stonewalling efforts to make sure this year 's presidential voting operates fairly .
Chairman John Conyers told Attorney General Michael Mukasey there has n't been enough cooperation with Congress on voting rights issues .
Conyers also said the work that has been done has n't been effective .
" As we sit here today , probably 100 days before the election , we do n't know specifically how our government will respond to the problems that made the elections of 2000 and 2004 so problematic and so controversial , " Conyers told Mukasey at the start of the panel 's oversight hearing - likely the last House appearance for the attorney general .
Conyers , D - Mich. , said it 's unclear whether voting machines will be fairly allocated and how federal election monitors will be deployed across the country .
Mukasey responded that making sure the Nov. 4 elections run smoothly is one of his top priorities .
He said the Justice Department plans to work with civil rights groups and state and local officials to solve any problems that might arise .
Hundreds of election observers and monitors will be dispatched as well , he said .
" We anticipate much higher turnout this year , and we 're doing what we can , " Mukasey told Rep. Mel Watt , D - N.C .
The Justice Department has briefed lawmakers on voting rights issues twice this year and plans to again before the election .
It recently held a training session for lawyers and agents who will be working on ballot access and other voting matters throughout the election season .
When you can't count on one hand the number of drinks you 've had over the course of the night -- was it two tequila shots or three ?
-- sending an e-mail to an ex-lover , boss or anyone , for that matter , is rarely a good idea .
Google software engineer Jon Perlow found that out the hard way when he suggested to a former girlfriend that they rekindle their relationship , as Perlow explained on the Gmail Blog .
So , for his own benefit and for the welfare of the tens of millions of Gmail users , Perlow developed Mail Goggles , an optional test feature that acts as a barrier for those late - night e-mails we so often regret ( once sobriety kicks in ) .
Mail Goggles asks you to solve a series of simple math equations within an allotted time .
If you can't answer , the message wo n't send .
The feature is only active late on weekend nights -- the most likely time that adults are well - lubricated and eager to divulge their innermost feelings .
( Check out this KTLA Channel 5 video , which includes a demo , giggly stories of drunk e-mail shame and a reporter drinking sake live on camera . )
Gmail includes Mail Goggles in its growing list of add - ons from Google Labs .
Email Addict is another feature meant to protect users from their own bad habits .
It forces them to take a break from work , periodically shutting out e-mail and chat for 15 minutes at a time .
Google is n't the first company to attempt to trip up a boozer ( you know , for their own good ) .
Swedish car maker Saab is currently testing a gadget that will leave drivers stranded when they 've had one too many .
The Alcokey is a breathalyzer built in to the car 's key fob .
It can be optionally installed for 250 euros ( about $ 340 , though Saab currently has no plans to release it in the United States ) .
If the driver 's blood - alcohol content is above the legal limit , the engine wo n't start .
Cellphone manufacturer LG includes a breathalyzer on three of its phones -- the LG - SD410 , LG - KP4100 and LG - LP4100 .
But it 's just for informational purposes .
It wo n't block calls to your employer or phone you a taxi when you blow a 0.08 .
A few iPhone users have already posted their recommended solutions for the all - too - prevalent phenomenon of " drunk dialing . "
Spurred by a tipsy text message meant for his girlfriend that found its way to his mom , one Internet forum user , BaldyUK , proposes someone create an application that , when activated , prevents you from calling or texting preset phone numbers in your address book during the late - night hours .
If he were living in Australia , his phone would have already been outfitted with such a feature .
Through a service called Dialing Under the Influence , Virgin Mobile subscribers can dial " 333 , " then enter a phone number , and it will be blocked until the next morning .
In the U.S. , some T - Mobile subscribers have found a work - around to save themselves from inebriation - induced embarrassment .
The wireless carrier offers a service called Family Allowances for parents to set up blocks on certain numbers for their child 's phone .
It turned out to be a fine solution for protecting your sober self against your drunken self , but that was n't the company 's intention .
" Family Allowances allows parents to easily manage when and how their kids use their T - Mobile phones , " company spokesman Dave Henderson said in an e-mail response to our question about whether T - Mobile deliberately offers a drunk dialing lockout .
" This was designed for families however , not the scenario you ’re writing about . "
It should be entertaining to see who comes up with the best technical solution for averting awkward , alcohol - fueled discussions .
But as for Goggles , some bloggers do n't see it as the clear solution .
" Some of us actually get better at math after having a few beers , " wrote one blogger for Sector 930 .
" Maybe highest level asks for a structured proof of something interesting like the Heine - Borel Theorem or its close cousin the Bolzano - Weierstrauss Theorem . "
Looks like this guy 's exes wo n't be seeing any fewer sauced salutations .
-- Mark Milian
Top , Mail Goggles photo by Google
Bottom , bottles photo by Mark Milian / Los Angeles Times
Free root access on a SE Linux machine !
To access my Debian play machine ssh to play.coker.com.au as root , the password is " SELINUX " .
I give no - one permission to distribute this password .
If you want to share information on this machine you must give the URL to this web site .
In some jurisdictions it would be considered a crime to distribute the password without my permission ( IE without giving the URL to this web page ) .
To access the play machine as a Tor hidden service " ssh root@zp7zwyd5t3aju57m.onion " .
Note that such machines require a lot of skill if you are to run them successfully .
If you have to ask whether you should run one then the answer is " no " .
The aim of this is to demonstrate that all necessary security can be provided by SE Linux without any Unix permissions ( however it is still recommended that you use Unix permissions as well for real servers ) .
Also it gives you a chance to login to a SE machine and see what it 's like .
When you login to a SE Linux play machine make sure that you use the -x option to disable X11 forwarding or set ForwardX11 no in your / etc / ssh / ssh_config file before you login .
Also make sure that you use the - a option to disable ssh agent forwarding or set ForwardAgent no in your / etc / ssh / ssh_config file before you login .
If you do n't correctly disable these settings then logging in to the play machine will put you at risk of being attacked through your SSH client .
There is an IRC channel for discussing this , it is #selinux on irc.freenode .net .
Here is a quick FAQ
Researchers have created an optical network component that they say can encrypt data traveling at 100G bps ( bits per second ) , far outpacing current electronic encryption technologies .
The component , a passive optical coder that can be programmed remotely to change the encryption key , could allow carriers and large enterprises to secure all the data that travels over a high - speed WAN ( wide - area network ) connection , according to Shahab Etemad , chief scientist director in the Advanced Technology Solutions division of Telcordia .
The company , which traces its roots back to the Bellcore research operation for U.S. carriers , is looking for manufacturing partners to commercialize the technology as soon as two to three years from now .
Large enterprises are making increasing use of WDM ( wavelength - division multiplexing ) , in which a beam of light can be divided into different colors , or wavelengths , with a different stream of data being sent over each one as pulses of light .
WDM is more efficient than sending electrons over wires , and it offers speeds as high as 40G bps per wavelength , with 100G bps on the way .
Companies typically lease a wavelength from a carrier that owns the fiber .
That wavelength becomes the physical medium for a high - bandwidth connection that can link one data center to another , or to a backup facility , over a long distance .
But encryption still is typically done electronically , at a top speed of about 10G bps , Telcordia 's Etemad said .
Without the high - speed optical encryption , enterprises that wanted to carry 100G bps of traffic could n't take advantage of the efficiency of putting it all on one wavelength .
They would need 10 wavelengths , each carrying just 10G bps and using its own electronic encryption system , he said .
In addition to leasing more wavelengths , they would have to manage 10 different encryption keys .
Telcordia 's optical coder is a component about the size of a U.S. dime ( 17 mm across ) that alters the frequency of the light pulses going onto the network , Etemad said .
The light pulses traveling across a fiber normally indicate a " one " with a light pulse and a " zero " with no pulse , but with the frequency altered by the coder , someone who tapped into the fiber could n't see any of those pulses , Etemad said .
At the other end of the network , another coder alters the frequency back again to decrypt the data .
An IT administrator can reprogram each coder -- physically reconfigure it -- by passing a current through it using a local or remote command .
Although the optical encryption works differently , it could be made as strong as typical electronic encryption systems , according to Etemad .
The coder has successfully encrypted and decrypted traffic going over a 40 G - bps connection that was 400 kilometers ( 248 miles ) long , and has been demonstrated at 100G bps in the lab , he said .
Telcordia announced the results in a peer - reviewed paper for a conference last year , but said for the first time Monday that it will seek to commercialize the technology .
Ketil Malde and I submitted this paper to PADL 09 .
Updated 2008 - 10 - 13 : the paper was accepted !
Here is the PDF copy .
And for the impatient , here is the abstract .
Analysis of biological data often involves large data sets and computationally expensive algorithms .
Databases of biological data continue to grow , leading to an increasing demand for improved algorithms and data structures .
Despite having many advantages over more traditional indexing structures , the Bloom filter is almost unused in bioinformatics .
Here we present a robust and efficient Bloom filter implementation in Haskell , and implement a simple bioinformatics application for indexing and matching sequence data .
We use this to index the chromosomes that make up the human genome , and map all available gene sequences to it .
Our experiences with developing and tuning our application suggest that for bioinformatics applications , Haskell offers a compelling combination of rapid development , quality assurance , and high performance .
I ’ll write a more friendly overview of the paper later .
The Cliff ’s Notes version : Bloom filters are almost unused in bioinformatics ; they ’re tremendously useful ; and our Haskell code is really fast .
Right now , I have to catch a plane from Victoria back to San Francisco , now that ICFP is safely put to bed .
MOUNTAIN VIEW , California ( Reuters ) - Google Inc is challenging Microsoft Corp with its own
Web browser that lets users run many applications that once worked only when installed on local PCs , executives said on Tuesday .
Google introduced a public trial version of its new browser software , Chrome , which is designed to handle not just text and graphics , but more complex computer programs .
Chrome , available in 43 languages in 100 countries at www.google.com/chrome, has been designed to download software and Web pages faster than existing browsers .
It even allows users to keep working when one of its windows crashes .
This represents Google ’s long - anticipated head - on attack on Microsoft and its Internet Explorer , which has three - quarters of the Web - browsing market .
Google has backed Mozilla Corp ’s Firefox browser , which holds about 18 percent of the market .
Google engineers and executives call Chrome a “ fresh take on the browser , ” a 15 - year - old technology that is supplanting 25 - year - old desktop software as the basic way users interact with computers .
“ You actually spend more time in your browser than you do in your car , ” said Brian Rakowski , group product manager for Google ’s browser project .
Chrome was seen by analysts as partly a defensive move due to Google ’s fear that the recently upgraded Internet Explorer 8 ( IE 8 ) could be used to lock out Google .
Google ’s core business of Web search and related advertising depends on browsers .
A Microsoft executive said IE 8 gives users control over how and where they navigate , improves their day - to - day browsing experience , and keeps people safe from new security threats .
“ Microsoft understands that Web browsing is crucially important for hundreds of millions of people , which is why we invest in Internet Explorer so heavily , ” Dean Hachamovitch , general manager of Internet Explorer , said in a statement .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
CHALLENGE TO MICROSOFT WINDOWS ?
Google co-founder Sergey Brin said Chrome was designed to address the shift to using software from within a Web browser rather than as locally installed computer applications running inside Microsoft Windows or some other operating system .
“ I think operating systems are kind of an old way to think of the world , ” Brin told a group of reporters after the news conference at Google ’s Mountain View , California headquarters .
“ They have become kind of bulky , they have to do lots and lots of different ( legacy ) things . ”
Google believes any task done in a standalone desktop computer application can be delivered via the Web and Chrome is its bet that software applications can be run via a browser .
“ We ( Web users ) want a very lightweight , fast engine for running applications , ” Brin said .
“ The kind of things you want to have running standalone ( on a computer ) are shrinking , ” he said , adding that he still edits photos on his computer rather than using a Web program .
GOOGLE BORROWS FROM APPLE , FIREFOX
Chrome borrows liberally from other browsers running open - source software code , including Apple Inc and Firefox , and company officials said they planned to fully share Chrome code with other developers .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
“ We have borrowed good ideas from others , ” Google Vice President of Product Management Sindar Pichai said .
“ Our goal here was to bring our point of view , but do it in a very open way . ”
Because Chrome relies on Apple ’s open - source WebKit software for rendering Web pages , it can run any application that runs on Apple ’s Safari Web browser , Pichai said .
“ If you are a webmaster , and your site works in Apple Safari then it will work very well in Google Chrome , ” he said .
Greg Sterling , a Web analyst with Sterling Market Intelligence , said Google ’s entry into the browser market has echoes of the bruising “ browser wars ” of the late 1990s , when Microsoft crushed Web pioneer Netscape Communications .
But while the competition between Microsoft and Google is likely to produce many improvements for consumers , the likely fallout from the battle will be other browser makers that have only recently begun to pry market share away from Microsoft .
Sterling said Firefox could become a victim of “ friendly fire ” from Google as many of its users are the same early adopters who are most likely to switch and try a new browser .
“ Firefox has softened up and paved the way for Google .
Without Firefox , Chrome would not be possible , ” Sterling said .
Brin said Google planned to continue to work closely with Mozilla , whose primary financial backing has come from Google in recent years .
He said he hoped to see future versions of Chrome and Firefox become more unified over time .
Chrome organizes information into tabbed pages .
Web programs can be launched in their own dedicated windows .
Among Chrome ’s features is a special privacy mode that lets users create an “ incognito ” window where “ nothing that occurs in that window is ever logged on your computer , ” according to a Google promotional guide .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The Bush administration explicitly endorsed the use of waterboarding and other harsh interrogation methods against al Qaeda suspects in a pair of secret memos to the CIA in 2003 and 2004 , The Washington Post reported on Wednesday .
Then CIA Director George Tenet meets with President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney ( foreground ) in the Oval Office , March 20 , 2003 .
REUTERS / White House / Eric Draper
The previously undisclosed classified memos were requested by then CIA Director George Tenet more than a year after the start of the secret interrogations , the newspaper reported , citing administration and intelligence officials familiar with the documents .
A White House spokesman had no comment on the report .
According the newspaper , intelligence officials sought cover from the White House because they were worried about a possible backlash if details of the interrogation program became public .
Justice Department lawyers signed off on the agency ’s interrogation methods beginning in 2002 , but senior CIA officials were troubled that White House policymakers had never endorsed the program in writing , the Post reported .
Repeated requests by the CIA chief for a paper trail reflected growing worries within the agency that the administration might later distance itself from decisions about the handling of captured al Qaeda leaders , the Post said , citing former intelligence officials who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The officials told the newspaper Tenet first pressed the White House for written approval in June 2003 during a meeting with members of the National Security Council .
A few days later , Tenet received a brief memo conveying the administration ’s approval for the CIA ’s interrogation methods , the officials were cited as saying .
Tenet made a second request for written approval in June 2004 , after the public outcry over the Abu Ghraib prison scandal , the Post said .
Administration officials confirmed the existence of the memos , but neither they nor former intelligence officers would describe the still classified documents in detail , the newspaper reported .
In the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , the government is permitted to take private property only for " public use . "
This clause was once limited to true public projects such as the construction of highways , fire houses and public libraries .
But over the last 50 years it has been bastardized by the powerful ( in collusion with compliant politicians and the acquiescence of the courts ) into a weapon used routinely to forcibly take other people 's property for nonpublic uses .
What is occurring in West Harlem today is a ...
This article is part of a series describing a port of the samples from Practical Common Lisp ( PCL ) to Clojure .
You will probably want to read the intro first .
This article covers Chapter 9 , Practical : Building a Unit Test Framework .
Tests and reports
To build a minimal testing library , I need nothing more than tests and results .
To keep reporting as simple as possible , I will start with console output .
The report - result function tests a result , and prints pass or FAIL , plus a form with supporting detail :
( defn report - result [ result form ] ( println ( format " %s : %s " ( if result " pass " " FAIL " ) ( pr-str form ) ) ) )
Now any function can be a test .
The detail message can often be the same form that caused the error , so I will pass the same form twice : once for evaluation , and again ( quoted ! ) for use in the detail message :
( defn test -+ [ ] ( report - result ( = ( + 1 2 ) 3 ) ' ( = ( + 1 2 ) 3 ) ) ( report - result ( = ( + 1 2 3 ) 6 ) ' ( = ( + 1 2 3 ) 6 ) ) ( report - result ( = ( + - 1 - 3 ) - 4 ) ' ( = ( + - 1 - 3 ) - 4 ) ) )
The console output for test -+ looks like this :
user= > ( test -+ ) pass : ( = ( + 1 2 ) 3 ) FAIL : ( = ( + 1 2 3 ) 7 ) pass : ( = ( + - 1 - 3 ) - 4 )
Inferring the detail message
The fact that I want to pass the same form twice , but with different evaluation semantics , just screams macro .
Sure enough , I can clean up the code with a macro :
( defmacro check [ form ] ` ( report - result ~ form '~ form ) )
The macro expands the form twice , once for evaluation and once quoted for the detail message .
Now I can replace calls to report - result with simpler calls to check :
( defn test -* [ ] ( check ( = ( * 1 2 ) 3 ) ) ( check ( = ( * 1 2 3 ) 6 ) ) ( check ( = ( * - 1 - 3 ) - 4 ) ) )
Hmm .
The calls to check are cleaner than the calls to report - result in the earlier example , but the check itself still looks repetitive .
Solution : a better check macro that can handle multiple forms :
( defmacro check [ & forms ] ` ( do ~@ ( map ( fn [ f ] ` ( report - result ~ f '~ f ) ) forms ) ) )
The quoting and unquoting is a little more complex–play around with macroexpand - 1 to see how it works .
With the better check in place , test functions are quite simple :
( defn test-rem [ ] ( check ( = ( rem 10 3 ) 1 ) ( = ( rem 6 2 ) 0 ) ( = ( rem 7 4 ) 3 ) ) )
Aggregating results
So far I have tests and console output .
Next , I need some way to aggregate a set of checks into a single , top - level " checks passed " or " checks failed " .
I would like to simply and together all the individual checks , but that does not quite work .
As in many languages , Clojure 's and short - circuits and stops evaluating when it encounters a logical false .
That 's no good here :
Even if one test fails , I still want all the tests to run .
Since it is a question of optional evaluation , a macro is appropriate .
The combine - results macro works like and , but it always evaluates all the forms :
( defmacro combine - results [ & forms ] ` ( every ?
identity ( list ~@ forms ) ) )
Now check can use combine - results instead of do .
( defmacro check [ & forms ] ` ( combine - results ~@ ( map ( fn [ f ] ` ( report - result ~ f '~ f ) ) forms ) ) )
All existing functionality still works , and now I can see a useful return value from a test .
user= > ( test -* ) pass : ( = ( * 2 4 ) 8 ) pass : ( = ( * 3 3 ) 9 ) true
Capturing test names
Tests ought to have names .
In fact , tests ought to support multiple names .
You can imagine a test detail report saying :
Check math -> addition -> associative passed : ...
Where associative is the name of a check , addition is the name of a function , and math is the name of another function that called addition .
First , I need a variable to store a sequence of names :
( def * test-name * [ ] )
Printing the variable as part of a result is easy :
( defn report - result [ result form ] ( println ( format " %s : %s %s " ( if result " pass " " fail " ) ( pr-str * test- name * ) ( pr-str form ) ) ) result )
Now for the hard part : populating the collection of names .
For this , I will introduce a deftest macro :
( defmacro deftest [ name & forms ] ` ( defn ~ name [ ] ( binding [ * test - name * ( conj * test - name * ( str '~ name ) ) ] ~@ forms ) ) )
The macro expansion perfomed by deftest is nothing new : deftest turns around and defn s a new function named name .
The interesting part is the call to binding , which rebinds * test - name * to a new collection built from the old * test - name * plus the name of the current test .
The new binding of * test - name * is visible anywhere inside the dynamic scope of the binding form .
The dynamic scope includes any function calls made inside the binding , and their function calls , and so on ad infinitum … or until another binding performs the same trick again .
This gives exactly the semantics we want :
The dynamic scope allows callers to influence callees without having to pass test - name an an argument all over the place .
Nested functions " remember " a stack of their caller 's names through * test - name * .
an an argument all over the place .
Nested functions " remember " a stack of their caller 's names through .
The unwinding of the dynamic scope protects readers of * test - name * outside a binding .
Code after the binding will never see the values * test - name * takes during the binding .
outside a .
Code after the will never see the values takes during the .
Dynamic bindings are thread - local ( and therefore thread - safe ) .
With deftest in place , I can defined a hierarchy of nested tests :
( deftest test -* ( check ( = ( * 2 4 ) 8 ) ( = ( * 3 3 ) 9 ) ) ) ( deftest test - math ; TODO : test rest of math ( test -* ) ) ( deftest test - all - of - nature ; TODO : test rest of nature ( test - math ) )
Calling test - all - of - nature will demonstrate multiple levels of nested name in a test report :
user= > ( test - all - of - nature ) pass : [ " test- all - of - nature " " test - math " " test - * " ] ( = ( * 2 4 ) 8 ) pass : [ " test- all - of - nature " " test - math " " test - * " ] ( = ( * 3 3 ) 9 ) true
From here , better formatting of the console message is just mopping up .
Wrapping up
When I first read Practical Common Lisp , this was my favorite chapter .
The testing library evolves quickly and naturally to a substantial feature set .
( In case you did n't keep count , the entire " framework " is less than twenty lines of code . )
Try implementing the unit - testing example in your language of choice .
Do n't just implement the finished design .
Work through each of the iterations described above :
tests and results inferring the detail message aggregating results capturing test names
I would love to hear about your results , and I will link to them here .
Notes
What , exactly , is solar power ?
Stated very simply , energy from sunlight is converted to electricity when it contacts photovoltaic ( PV ) cells .
Solar power can be generated bysolar roof shingles and solar panels .
Excess energy can be stored in the cells , or occasionally in batteries , to continue providing electrical current after the sun goes down .
If you are a scientist , you can probably understand the explanation of the photovoltaic process set forth by NASA :
" Photovoltaics is the direct conversion of light into electricity at the atomic level .
Some materials exhibit a property known as the photoelectric effect that causes them to absorb photons of light and release electrons .
When these free electrons are captured , an electric current results that can be used as electricity . "
For the rest of us , it is simple enough to understand that , when ultraviolet ( UV ) light strikes a solar cell , it activates a thin semiconductor wafer in the cell , which forms an electric field ( positive on one side , negative on the other ) .
An electrical current results from the action of sunlight energy knocking electrons away from the atoms in the semiconductor .
Well , maybe it is pretty technical after all .
Let 's turn to some common excuses used by people who are resistant to employ solar power .
1 . I do n't live in a sunny location !
No worries .
Energy is still captured by solar cells , even on cloudy or rainy days , because it is ultraviolet light - not necessarily direct sunshine - that produces the necessary PV reaction .
Admittedly , the efficiency of the cells is lower on inclement days .
But , if you need assurance that you will not have to purchase a home in the desert Southwest to use solar energy , note that Germany is a leading country ( second only to Japan ) with respect to solar power installations .
It certainly is n't the Bahamas .
2 . Is n't it too expensive ?
Not really .
While coal - generated electricity is cheaper than solar power in the short run , there are a number of factors which should be considered in determining the bottom line .
First , the more people that use solar panels , the less they cost .
One estimate is that each time the volume of solar cells doubles , the cost goes down 20 % .
Plus , solar power installations will increase your home 's resale value , according to the Appraisal Institute .
It has reported that sellers can expect an additional $ 20.73 in purchase price for every $ 1 decrease in annual electric bills .
Second , although there is an upfront cost for installation , the energy thereafter is free .
More importantly , it is not controlled by supply and policies of a foreign country .
Want even more good news ?
The price for PV cells is estimated to fall 30 % over the next four years .
Finally , long - term benefits of solar energy cannot be discounted .
Reduction of our individual carbon footprints is required to slow the progress of global warming .
What price can you put on a polar bear ?
How about your oceanfront property ?
When a tool is used for the wrong purpose , it may break .
NATO has now been broken because it was used by the United States and the European NATO members as a tool for expanding Western power into the Russian “ near abroad , ” and after that , to make an inexplicably rash and dangerous effort to break into and split off portions of the Russian empire as it existed in the 19th century — long before the Soviet Union existed .
This is dangerous , because Russia had to be expected to react , and violently so , to an intrusion into the territorial integrity of the historical Russia .
Furthermore , with its assurances of eventual membership , NATO gave implied guarantees to Ukraine and Georgia that it did not intend to honor , or could not honor except at the risk of a war it had no intention of fighting .
The outcome of the Georgian affair provides the proof .
NATO has been conducting this policy toward Russia on the assumption that Russia is too intimidated by Western military power to resist .
Now it has done so , in Georgia .
The bluff has been called .
The sham of the NATO guarantee has collapsed .
Nobody in the West seems willing to admit it .
The Polish and Baltic state governments , the American neoconservatives and acolytes of a “ New American Century ” of expanding global domination , Vice President Dick Cheney and his friends in the armaments , energy and government services industries , all act as if they do not understand what has happened .
All of these people , and all those in Western Europe who are now demanding immediate admission of Georgia and Ukraine into full NATO membership , are unwittingly doubling the stakes , enlarging their commitment to go to war if Mikheil Saakashvili should make another assault on South Ossetia or Abkhazia in order to re-annex them to Georgia and if Russia again “ overreacted . ”
Of course , they do n’t mean it , or even understand what they are doing .
Or most of them do n’t ; there may be some in Washington today who believe a short and sharp little pre-emptive nuclear attack to disarm Russia might be just the thing , before Russia becomes any stronger .
But I do n’t think there are many people in NATO Europe , or in the United States , prepared to give a nuclear guarantee to Georgian irredentism , or to an attempt to split Ukraine , or intensify its internal divisions .
NATO was founded on Canadian initiative in 1949 as a security alliance of the North American nations with the European military union formed the year before by France , the U.K. and the Benelux countries , to defend against a “ resurgent Germany . ”
The new organization ’s purpose was to keep the Germans down but also to keep the Russians out .
The Cold War had broken out in earnest in 1948 , with the Communist coup d’etat in Czechoslovakia .
Other European countries joined NATO , and in 1955 a rearmed and rehabilitated Germany became a member of the alliance , which needed its troops .
The organization ultimately saw the Berlin Wall come down and the Soviet Union fatally shaken , and the Soviets ’ agreeing to the unification of Germany , and of Europe .
This was in 1989 , during the administration of the first President George Bush , who convinced his Soviet counterpart , Mikhail Gorbachev , that a free Eastern Europe and a united Germany would benefit the long - term interests of Russia .
Gorbachev accepted Germany ’s unification when he was assured that NATO would not be extended to the East .
“ Not one inch ! ” were the exact words of the reply made by Secretary of State James Baker .
That promise was then broken , first by the Clinton administration , then by George W. Bush .
Today , the American - led military alliance has been built up to the entire western frontier of Russia , from the Gulf of Finland in the north to the Black Sea .
The new members joined NATO for the perfectly good reason that they were afraid ( this time ) of a “ resurgent Russia . ”
They believed that NATO would go to war to defend them , should Russia again become a threat to Europe .
However , they did not join in order to take part in an aggressive policy meant to encircle and dismantle Russia .
Yet that is what has happened , and Russia has called the bluff .
It is time for the European members of NATO to take a serious hand in this .
The question must be asked and answered as to whether the NATO countries wish to continue to pursue an aggressively hostile policy toward Russia .
If so , why ?
To what useful and attainable objective ?
What is to be gained by supporting Georgia ’s revanchist demands to control the Ossetian and Abkhazian enclaves , the majority of whose people do not wish to be ruled by Georgia ?
What are NATO ’s intentions with respect to Ukraine ?
Does it intend to interfere in its internal affairs , to promote the domination of those Ukrainians who are pro-Western and Uniate ( Roman ) Catholic , over those others who are Russian - speaking and attached to Russia ?
If so , to what purpose ?
To force a national split in Ukraine ?
Or incite civil struggle ?
What do the NATO governments expect to gain from this ?
Where are the answers ?
Visit William Pfaff ’s Web site at www.williampfaff.com.
ST . PAUL ( Reuters ) - John McCain wanted to create some buzz with his pick of Sarah Palin as his running mate -- but not this kind of buzz .
In choosing a politically unknown first - term Alaska governor as his No. 2 , McCain invited an exploration of her past and her public record -- including an ongoing ethics probe into the firing of a public safety official in Alaska and news that her unmarried teenage daughter is pregnant .
Whether the disclosures are a temporary diversion or early signs of more problems to come , Palin ’s flawed roll - in to the Republican convention was a setback for a campaign trying to build momentum for the November 4 showdown with Democratic presidential rival Barack Obama .
“ Clearly they would rather not be talking about state trooper investigations and teenage pregnancies right now , ” said Dan Schnur , a McCain aide during his 2000 presidential bid who now heads the Jesse Unruh Institute of Politics in California .
The stories raised questions about McCain ’s judgment and the depth of investigation that preceded Palin ’s selection -- exactly the sort of issues a candidate with a reputation for being impetuous does not need .
It also created a sense of uncertainty about Palin as the national media descends on Alaska to explore her background .
“ I think there is significant reason for the campaign and Republicans to worry about what might be coming next , ” said Cal Jillson , a political analyst from Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
U.S. Republican Vice - Presidential candidate Governor Sarah Palin ( R - AK ) ( C ) and her family members are seen in this 2007 handout photo .
REUTERS / State of Alaska / Handout
“ They did n’t have time to think about how to frame these issues and deal with them publicly before the selection , ” he said .
The McCain campaign disputed reports Palin had not been thoroughly investigated before she was tapped as No. 2 .
It released Republican voter registration records to rebut reports she had belonged to the Alaska Independence Party -- which once sought a vote on whether the state should secede .
Many Republicans rallied around Palin after the news of her daughter Bristol ’s pregnancy surfaced on Monday , and leading social conservatives dismissed the issue as a private matter and praised the family ’s choice to deliver the baby .
‘ CHOOSING LIFE ’
“ Fortunately , Bristol is following her mother and father ’s example of choosing life in the midst of a difficult situation , ” said Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council .
The choice of Palin , 44 , a conservative self - described “ hockey mom ” and mother of five with a record of challenging the state ’s party establishment , was aimed at solidifying McCain ’s conservative supporters , appealing to independent women voters and enhancing McCain ’s own reformer credentials .
But disclosures about the governor ’s daughter and coverage of the ethics probe -- which will conclude with a report in late October on whether Palin improperly dismissed a public safety commissioner who would not fire a state trooper who had divorced her sister -- grabbed the political spotlight .
Schnur said her family difficulties could have a positive effect with voters accustomed to family problems .
Part of Palin ’s appeal is her normal background as a small - town kid who went to a state school , shoots guns and enjoys outdoor sports .
“ It ’s the sort of thing many people can relate to , ” Schnur said .
“ It is part of her story . ”
Given the problems , some questioned why Palin accepted the nomination as vice president , subjecting her family to such scrutiny and taking herself away from her baby born in April .
“ Our big concern is when you have both parents working long hours and placing their children in day care from an early age , ” said Bill Maier , a vice president at the influential Christian conservative group Focus on the Family .
“ But Governor Palin seems to have been able to maintain a balance between work and family . ”
World 's first double arm transplant as man gets teenager 's limbs in 16 - hour operation
Doctors have released pictures of the first man to have a double arm transplant .
The German man who was not named for legal reasons made medical history by having two complete arms transplanted .
He has been given the arms of a teenage boy who is believed to have died in a car crash .
The 54 - year - old patient lost both of his arms in a farming accident six years ago .
The operation , which was conducted at the Klinikum rechts der Isar hospital in Munich by a team of 30 experts lead by Edgar Biemer and Christoph Hoehnke , lasted over 16 hours from Friday until Saturday last week .
The German man has been given the arms of a teenage boy who is believed to have died in a car crash
The arm donor who had been declared brain dead was kept alive on a life support until the arms were ready to be transplanted .
The hospital said that the dead arms had to be kept filled with blood when severed and chilled to keep them alive , but that attaching them with chilled blood inside would have killed the 54 - year - old man .
They avoided the problem by switching on the blood supply to one arm and then to the second arm half an hour later .
Two teams of transplant experts at a clinic in Munich attached two donor arms to the 54 - year - old male patient
The man who was not named for legal reasons made medical history
The patient , who lost his arms in a threshing machine six years ago , is said to be recovering well from the surgery .
Doctors said he regained consciousness on Sunday and smiled at his wife .
He is expected to remain in hospital for five weeks of intensive therapy .
Professor Edgar Biemer who performed the operation .
The patient approached him with the idea after seeing him on TV
Doctors warned it was too early to say whether the transplant would succeed .
Professor Biemer , 65 , said : ‘ The forces of rejection are stronger with limbs than with any other transplants because the skin is the largest immune barrier for the body .
It instinctively rejects skin it does n’t recognise .
‘ New medicines have been developed to stop this rejection and the patient in this case will be taking this medicine all his life . ’
He said it was difficult to forecast the psychological effect on the man of having the arms of a youth 35 years his junior .
The donor was a 19 - year - old boy from Augsburg in Bavaria .
He has not been named .
One therapist at the Isar Clinic , where the patient is recovering , said : ‘ At 54 , he will have to come to terms with the fact that limbs he has been without for so long are back , but that they are those of a much younger person .
The world 's first hand transplant recipient , Clint Hallam , from New Zealand , poses for photographs after his surgery in 1999
‘ We shall have to tell him to take it easy on the weightlifting .
Getting younger arms might make him feel the years have slipped away but it wo n’t have much effect on his physical strength . ’
The medical staff were divided into five teams for the marathon operation .
Two teams each removed one arm from the donor , while two others prepared the patient to receive them .
The fifth team removed veins from the donor which had to be taken as part of the transplant to allow for a better blood flow .
Professor Biemer said the surgeons then joined the bone of the donor ’s upper arm to the patient ’s shoulder sockets before connecting arteries and veins .
Although the nerve casings were successfully transplanted as well , new nerves have to grow .
It could be two years before the patient gets feeling in his fingertips .
The first limb transplant , carried out in Lyon , France , in September 1998 , gave Australian Clint Hallam a new hand .
He had lost his 16 years earlier in an accident with a circular saw .
Although the surgery was successful , Mr Hallam later said he had become ‘ mentally detached ’ from the hand and it was removed at his request in February 2001 .
French surgeons gave Isabelle Dinoire , 38 , a partial face transplant two and a half years ago after she was savaged by a dog .
And five years ago an Austrian patient had a partial arm transplant , in which new hands and lower arms were attached .
Man Actually Struck by Lightning for Swearing to God
You better think twice the next time you swear to God about something , because you never know when he might make a miracle out of you .
On Aug 26 , in Fujian Province , China , an upset Wong decided to visit his friend Xu ’s house to collect an unpaid debt .
3 years ago Xu borrowed 500 yuen ( about $ 70 ) from Wong for his wedding and never paid the money back .
Wong showed up at Xu ’s house with a bat in hand demanding that Xu pay back the money he had borrowed .
Xu then pulled out a metal rod he had laying around to use in defense if Wong decided to attack him .
Xu denied that he had borrowed any money from Wong and asked him to prove that there was a debt to be owed .
Wong finally “ told him that if he dared to swear to God that he did n’t owe me the money , then I would waive his debt . ”
Xu , obviously seeing a way out of paying the debt , then pointed the pole straight up in the air and shouted “ if I ever borrowed money from Wong , let me be struck by lighting . ”
Less than a minute after shouting those words , lightning struck the outstretched pole and passed through into Xu ’s body .
Xu was taken to the hospital but survived the incident .
No mention as to whether this proves
Xu did indeed borrow the money or if he has any plans to now pay Wong the money he owes .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Hurrah — the DHS is buying mind - reading machines that can tell you 're a terrorist by examining the terrorist - thought - center of your brain .
People with failing brains will be sent for corrective surgery .
MALINTENT , the brainchild of the cutting - edge Human Factors division in Homeland Security 's directorate for Science and Technology , searches your body for non-verbal cues that predict whether you mean harm to your fellow passengers .
It has a series of sensors and imagers that read your body temperature , heart rate and respiration for unconscious tells invisible to the naked eye – signals terrorists and criminals may display in advance of an attack .
A young man rolls a marijuana cigarette in downtown Toronto May 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mark Blinch
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Two Russian sumo wrestlers tested positive for marijuana in tests on Tuesday , a Sumo Association spokesman said , less than two weeks after another Russian was arrested and then fired over suspected possession of the drug .
The latest discovery , uncovered in random urine tests , comes as a fresh blow for the tradition - bound sport , which some historians say dates back 2,000 years but which has been rocked by scandal over the past year .
Some 69 wrestlers were tested at the main Kokugikan stadium in Tokyo , but only Roho and Hakurozan showed positive results , an association executive told a news conference .
Broadcaster NHK said the wrestlers were aged 26 and 28 .
Last year , one of the sport ’s highest - ranked stars , Asashoryu , sparked an uproar when he was filmed playing in a charity soccer match in his native Mongolia after pulling out of a tour in Japan citing a back injury .
Also last year , the head of a training gym was arrested on suspicion of assault leading to the death of a teenage trainee who had talked about leaving the sport .
Speaking at a news conference last Friday , Spain ’s Environment Minister Elena Espinosa announced plans to establish a Climate Change Research Institute in the Northeastern city of Zaragoza .
She also unveiled an exciting initiative to plant 45 million trees across the country between 2009 and 2012 , roughly one for every member of the population .
Amongst European nations , Spain stands to suffer more than most from the effects of climate change and global warming , with nearly a third of the nation ’s roughly 200,000 square miles threatened with a “ significant risk ” of desertification .
In direct response to the threat , the government will invest around 90 million Euros as part of the reforestation drive .
Espinsosa revealed that the main aim of the Climate Change Institute “ will be to promote the analysis and research of climate change in Spain ” and also to recommend measures that the country could adopt to address the growing challenge .
Other Posts on International Environmental Policy :
Image Credit – www.viajar24h.com-29 on flickr via a creative commons license
( Newser ) – The National Enquirer returns this week to its claim that Sarah Palin had an affair , this time naming the alleged lover as Brad Hanson , a city council member in Palmer ( near Wasilla ) and former partner of Todd Palin in a snowmobile business .
To bolster the claim , the tab now says that " no less than three members of the man ’s family including one by sworn affidavit " have reported knowledge of said affair .
A " former family insider " goes on the record describing the affair , which allegedly took place in 1996 , in an Enquirer interview .
The tab notes that Hanson is , eerily , a Todd lookalike .
Palin and Hanson have vigorously denied that they had a relationship , and the McCain campaign has expressed outrage at the smear .
( Read more affair stories . )
Interviews with Republicans and legal experts today shed light on how the process could play out .
At any point before tomorrow night , McCain could simply replace Palin .
But once she formally accepts her nomination , he ’ll no longer have the power to do so unilaterally .
According to Ben Ginsberg , the former general council at the Republican National Committee , Republican rules stipulate that the 168 members of the national committee would need to ratify any replacement to make it official .
The process falls under Republican Rule Number 9 ( a ) : “ The Republican National Committee is hereby authorized and empowered to fill any and all vacancies which may occur by reason of death , declination , or otherwise of the Republican candidate for President of the United States or the Republican candidate for Vice President of the United States , as nominated by the national convention , or the Republican National Committee may reconvene the national convention for the purpose of filling any such vacancies . ”
Ginsberg hastened to add that such a vote would almost certainly be a formality .
“ The members of the Republican national committee would be overwhelmingly inclined to follow the wishes of the nominee in any situation in which this rule got invoked , unless it were someone completely outside the mainstream of the Republican Party , ” he said .
With their experience in the national spotlight , Mitt Romney and Tim Pawlenty would be two obvious replacements .
One possibility that might provoke opposition would be a pro-choice candidate , such as Democratic Sen .
Joe Lieberman , reportedly on McCain ’s short list until the prospect of a floor fight with conservative delegates convinced him to select Palin .
Further controversy could arise if multiple nominations were submitted .
The rules state that a majority of votes is required to win the VP nod , but do not stipulate how a replacement would be chosen if a vote split among multiple nominees failed to produce a majority .
“ There would still be some details to fill in , ” Ginsberg acknowledged .
The history of Missouri Senator Eagleton ’s selection in 1972 and the 18 days he spent as George McGovern ’s running mate has some striking parallels to the current campaign — and not all of them to Palin .
Just as Palin is reported to have been , Eagleton was a last - minute selection and not the candidate ’s first choice .
“ At the 1972 convention , McGovern was facing a battle to hold onto the California delegation , ” says Joel K. Goldstein , a law professor at St. Louis University School of Law and expert on the vice presidency who co-taught a course with Eagleton .
“ It was n’t clear until the second or third day that he would keep California and be nominated , so it was n’t until late in day three that he started focusing on the vice presidency . ”
Eagleton asked Ted Kennedy , who declined , as did Walter Mondale , Abe Ribicoff , Gaylord Nelson , and several others .
“ Like Palin , Eagleton had been mentioned , but was considered such an unlikely choice that he went to the convention without his press secretary .
The McGovern camp had picked up rumors of possible health issues , but they never went to Eagleton and asked .
Instead , they approached reporters from St. Louis papers — the local media — and asked them .
There was really no serious vetting process . ”
For those of you who have noticed the similarity in the rhetoric and rush to act on the bailout rescue plan to the run-up to the invasion of Iraq , here is something else for you to chew on ( via Digby ) :
Paulson said Congress and the administration must move rapidly .
“ We must do so in order to avoid a continuing series of financial institution failures and frozen credit markets that threaten American families ’ financial well - being , the viability of businesses both small and large , and the very health of our economy , ” Paulson said in remarks as prepared for delivery .
“ The market turmoil we are experiencing today poses great risk to U.S. taxpayers . ”
Fratto said it would be “ unthinkable ” for Congress not to pass legislation this week , asserting the result would be a “ very , very serious situation ” for the U.S. economy .
“ It should n’t take much analysis to remember what happened last week , which was a very serious freeze - up in our credit markets , ” Fratto said .
“ Our financial markets right now do not need uncertainty , they need increased certainty as to how this rescue plan is going to go forward — and that they can be sure that there is a plan to go forward — and that will begin the correction in our financial markets . ”
Fratto insisted that the plan was not slapped together and had been drawn up as a contingency over previous months and weeks by administration officials .
He acknowledged lawmakers were getting only days to peruse it , but he said this should be enough .
Hey , as Andy Card said , “ You do n’t roll out a new product in August . ”
It worked the last time , so you ca n’t fault them .
Last time , the threat was mushroom clouds over our cities .
Now it is mushroom clouds over our 401 k’s .
This whole thing is stinking more and more , and I have completely lost faith in Dodd .
At the end of the hearings before the Code Pink protestors , it seemed pretty clear he was resigned to ramming this down our throats .
*** Update ***
And just to illustrate what these guys are asking for , someone in the comments to another post googled up some numbers :
Whoops !
Just did a little bit of googling , and it turns out that 700 b- large is enough to get Hank invited to the G7 all by himself : Budget expenditures 2008 Country Ranks 1 United States $ 2,731,000,000,000
2 Japan $ 1,575,000,000,000
3 Germany $ 1,477,000,000,000
4 France $ 1,372,000,000,000
5 United Kingdom $ 1,237,000,000,000
6 Italy $ 1,029,000,000,000
7 China $ 634,600,000,000
Time to break out the pitch forks , folks .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s third manned space mission on Friday reached its final orbit where astronauts preparing for the country ’s first spacewalk enjoyed spicy food and the convenience of an onboard toilet .
The Long - March II -F rocket carrying the Shenzhou VII manned spacecraft blasts off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center , Gansu province September 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stringer
The Shenzhou VII blasted off from a remote desert site on Thursday on a trip designed to showcase China ’s technological mastery and crown the success of the Beijing Olympics .
The launch , part of a space program that could eventually lead to a landing on the moon , was watched by millions of Chinese and the event has dominated state media .
The craft is circling at 213 miles above the Earth , orbiting every 90 minutes , preparing for what a senior engineer said would be the most challenging part of the mission .
“ For the space walk the demands are higher , and the challenge is more difficult , ” he told state television .
Zhai Zhigang , who dreamt of flying into space as an impoverished teenager , is expected to make China ’s first “ footprint in space ” on Saturday at about 4:30 pm ( 4:30 a.m. EDT ) and which will last up to half - an - hour .
“ As this is the first time we ’ve done a space walk , there are a lot of uncertainties , and so the time may be changed depending on the situation , ” program spokesman Wang Zhaoyao told a news conference .
“ One of the main features of this mission is that it involves great risk ... ( namely ) the execution of the space walk . ”
The son of a snack vendor , Zhai will wear a Chinese - designed space suit , named after a flying Buddhist goddess and with a price tag of 30 million yuan ( $ 4.40 million ) , the official Xinhua agency said .
“ Astronauts began to unpack and assemble the indigenous ‘ Feitian ’ extra - vehicular activity suit in preparation for the first spacewalk , ” Xinhua said .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Feitian , which means “ flying the sky , ” has 10 layers and weighs about 120 kg .
It takes up to 15 hours for an astronaut to assemble and put on .
“ The worst - case scenario for me is becoming a real spaceman -- that is , never coming back again once I get out of the spacecraft , ” the China Daily quoted Zhai as saying before take - off , but he added that there was no chance his equipment would fail .
The 42 - year - old from the frigid northeastern Heilongjiang province , who has spent a decade training to fly into space , will also be able to have a private phone chat with his family .
A colleague will wait in the orbital module in a Russian suit for backup .
The men will assemble and test the suits on Friday , a task which takes nearly 15 hours , Xinhua said .
SPACE : THE FINAL COMMUNIST PARTY FRONTIER
As they ready for the space walk the trio are testing the country ’s first ever space toilet .
Astronauts aboard China ’s previous two manned missions had to wear diapers , Xinhua said .
They are also enjoying a better diet after chefs worked to improve dishes , putting vinegar and sauces on the packing list .
But some products are still off the menu .
“ As the astronauts will stay in an environment with low pressure , they should not eat foods that produce gas after being digested , such as milk and soy bean , ” Xinhua quoted Chen Bin , the mission food manager , saying .
China aims to set up a permanent space station , possibly in the next decade , but will first build a smaller orbiting lab .
A space station would be a badge of China ’s status as a high - tech power and serve as a platform for winning a share of space - based resources and innovations , the country ’s scientists have said .
With a name meaning “ sacred vessel , ” the Shenzhou program is secretively run through military and government agencies and its budget is unclear .
In 2003 , officials said it had cost 18 billion yuan ( $ 2.6 billion ) up to then .
The People ’s Daily , the official newspaper of China ’s ruling Communist Party , celebrated the launch as an affirmation of its policies .
A commentary said that following the Beijing Olympics “ the eyes of the world are once again on China . ”
“ Manned space travel is a distilled demonstration of the world ’s current level of high - tech development , and it is an important indicator of a country ’s overall strength . ”
China ’s first manned spaceflight was in 2003 , and a second , two - manned flight followed in 2005 .
The country ’s first astronaut , Yang Liwei , said last year that the Communist Party might start a branch in space .
Under Party rules only three members need to be present to establish a meeting and all the astronauts are signed up .
“ We may not pray in the way our foreign counterparts do , but the common belief has made us more united in space , where there is no national boundary , ” he said at a Party meeting .
( For related factbox see CHINA - SPACE / FUTURE )
Most of us do n’t keep our computer as clean as it should be .
I ’m not talking about the exterior ( although I ’m sure that could be cleaned as well ) .
I ’m talking about cleaning up your hard drive and getting rid of all the unneeded junk that everyone accumulates over the years .
You might have anything from partial installs to some nice malware or spyware .
Either way , it slows you and your computer down .
The following programs will help you keep your computer clean and running fast .
10.5 gigs of fragmented files , I ’m glad I wrote this article .
Defraggler is an application that will replace the default Windows defragging options .
Defraggler is great , because it is extremely light weight and works much faster than defragging in Windows .
It also allows you to pick and choose the files you want to defrag .
This can make defragging painless and much quicker .
n Cleaner is the Swiss Army Knife of this list .
It allows you to clean your system , find unneeded junk , tweak your settings and manage your startup .
In the past , I had a few programs that did all of the things that are included in this program , but I only need nCleaner now .
It ’s extremely easy to use , because it is very clear about what settings are recommended and what settings are not .
Cleaning programs can often be intimidating or unclear about what they are changing , but nCleaner makes sure to be clear about the changes it is making on your computer .
AVG Free is often regarded as the best free anti-virus software available .
It offers basic anti-virus and anti-spyware protection for your computer .
The protection is basic , but if you know your way around the Internet and know what to avoid , it should provide sufficient protection .
Spyware is a problem for most computer users , and the thought of something trying to collect as much personal information as possible from my computer is more than enough to scare me .
Spybot S&D is one of the best tools to remove all of that spyware and make your computer more private and run faster .
Ad -Aware does for malware what Spybot does for spyware .
It will clean up and remove any malicious software that the other programs may miss .
Ad - Aware rounds out my list of programs you need to get all of that stuff on your hard drive trying to slow you down .
Update :
CCleaner have greatly improved and now features perfect functionality for personal and business users alike .
According to its developers , this computer cleaning software has been downloaded over 1 billion times .
What we liked about this software is its functionality that allows the users to fix issues that might slow down their computers with just a few clicks .
True , that there are native apps that come with Windows that can do most of these , but average users do n’t know how to use these apps .
CCleaner comes with 4 sections : Cleaner , Registry , Tools and Options .
The Cleaner functionality looks for files and data that may affect how fast your computers work .
This feature
Verdict :
If you are looking for a program which allows you to manage your computer storage and resources in one place , CCleaner is it .
Using all of these programs together will help keep your computer running fast for years to come .
Are there any other programs you use to clean up your computer ?
( By ) Kyle Judkins is a marker researcher , tech enthusiast , social media contributor and the owner of LostInTechnology .
If you want to connect , you can find me on Twitter .
Click here for reuse options !
GOP Rep. : ‘ Liberals hate real Americans that work and accomplish and achieve and believe in God ’ [ updated with audio ]
Warming up a crowd in North Carolina on Saturday , Republican Rep. Robin Hayes offered the diagnosis that “ liberals hate real Americans that work and achieve and believe in God . ”
His remarks came shortly after he had said he would “ make sure we do n’t say something stupid , make sure we do n’t say something we do n’t mean . ”
Hayes had followed Rep. Patrick McHenry , also a North Carolina Republican , who laid out the choice between McCain and Obama .
“ It ’s like black and white , ” yelled someone from the crowd .
HT : ThinkProgress
Update : Hayes spokeswoman , Amanda Little says that Hayes absolutely denies making the comments that appear in the Observer article .
She noted that other national reporters were at the event and did n't pick up on what the Observer reported .
The Crypt called the Observer reporter in question , Jason Horowitz , and he said he stands firmly by his reporting .
" I was there .
That ’s what I heard .
I was taking notes while he was talking , " said Horowitz .
He said that the national media could n't have picked up on the comment because they had yet to arrive at the event .
" I was n't on the plane , " said Horowitz , who explained that he arrived before the national media .
" I do n’t know if they were aware the national press was n’t there , but they were saying stuff . "
Horowitz said he is n't concerned about being proved wrong because local reporters and camera crews were there , so someone must have caught the comment .
" There were local reporters there .
There were sticks up , " he said .
Little pointed to a local Independent Tribune article that does not reference Hayes making derogatory comments about liberals .
The Crypt left a message with the author 's article , Josh Lanier , and will update this post when we hear back .
In the meantime , if you were at the rally and heard Hayes speak , write [ email protected ] and let us know what you heard .
Update 2 : " I can guarantee that he said that , " local reporter Josh Lanier , who was at the event , tells The Crypt .
" I did n’t get the 100 percent exact quote but it was something along the lines of ' liberals hate America — people who work hard , achieve , love God . '
That ’s pretty much exactly what he said , but I did n’t get it exactly , which is why I did n’t use it . "
Christopher Schuler , who also said he attended the event , sent this e-mail into the The Crypt : " I was at the arena Saturday morning in Concord and heard Rep .
Hayes say it .
It was around 10:30 a.m .
Taken back by it at first , but the entire crowd was loving it . "
Schuler appears to be close on the timing .
Check out this tweet , posted on Saturday at 12:41 .
We suppose that means Sara Gregory of the Daily Tar Heel gets the scoop , though she ended up not mentioning it in her write - up of the event .
( Which she later Twittered as a regret . )
And thanks to local blogger Betsy Muse who helped us track this down .
The Crypt considers the case closed , but if anybody has full audio of the event , please send it in .
Update 3 : Hayes spokeswoman
Little is still denying it and accuses The Crypt of " irresponsible journalism . "
Meanwhile , local reporter Lisa Miller of WFAE has audio , which she 's sending to The Crypt and which we 'll post when we get it .
She relistened to the audio and says the exact quote is : “ Liberals hate real Americans that work and accomplish and achieve and believe in God . ”
Update 4 : Now the case is really , really closed .
Here 's the audio confirmation .
We 'll update with Hayes ' reaction when it comes in
Update 5 : We have a fresh story posted on this topic , with a new admission by Hayes that he did say what he said but did n't really mean it .
Update 6 : Now he 's denying that he ever denied it .
Editor 's Note — Comments that include inappropriate or offensive language will be deleted .
Thanks , John Bresnahan
Receiver 2 is a unique first - person shooter with a " focus on trying to teach the basics of gun safety "
Feature David Rosen walks Edge Magazine through Receiver 2 , an FPS that simulates every internal part of each firearm in the game
A liberal group puts out a Youtube citing McCain 's " Black Centurion " Amex card , the type you get if you spend more than a quarter of a million a year on it .
Josh finds an ad for the McCain Phoenix mansion .
A seven -car detached garage ?
This is getting pettier .
On the other hand , McCain started the personal attacks , with the celebrity mockery .
If he had n't , I think the media would be tougher on the Dems .
And the public less interested .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
" In mathematics you do n't understand things .
You just get used to them . "
- Johann von Neumann
Thank You Close
Your email address is now confirmed .
Manage your email preferences and tell us which topics interest you so that we can prioritize the information you receive .
Explore all that AARP has to offer .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) --
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe ( RBZ ) has introduced a $ 1,000 note -- $ 10 trillion in the old value -- as the country battles to end cash shortages in the hyper - inflationary environment .
Zimbabwe 's currency is trading around Z$ 350 -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against U.S. dollar .
However , analysts said the new note -- which can only buy a loaf of bread -- will not ease pressure on cash shortages because of the ever - increasing prices .
" It will not make even a small impact .
What we need in Zimbabwe is a clear change of policies , start production and then inflation will start easing up , " said John Robertson , an economic consultant .
" The zeros seem to be coming back no matter how often they slash them . "
In August , Zimbabwe slashed ten zeroes on the currency ; two years earlier the country slashed three zeros .
The zeroes keep bouncing back in the country that has an inflation rate of 11.2 million -- the highest in the world .
Zimbabwe 's agro - based economy has been on a free - fall for more than a decade now .
The situation was exacerbated by the destruction of commercial agriculture in 2000 when President Robert Mugabe 's government embarked on a violent land grab from white farmers and gave it to inexperienced black farmers .
Mugabe denies that he is to blame for the country 's economic collapse , citing economic sanctions that have been placed on Zimbabwe .
Since 2000 , Zimbabwe 's currency has been depreciating against major currency .
It is trading around $ 350 Zimbabwean dollars -- $ 35 trillion in the old value -- against the U.S. dollar .
All About Zimbabwe • Robert Mugabe • Morgan Tsvangirai
Commuters in the north were dirtier than in the south More than one in four commuters has bacteria from faeces on their hands , an investigation suggests .
Scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine swabbed 409 people at bus and train stations in five major cities in England and Wales .
The further north they went , the more often they found commuters with faecal bacteria on their hands - men in Newcastle were the worst offenders .
Experts stressed the importance of hand hygiene for preventing illness .
The bacteria found suggested people were not washing their hands properly after using the toilet , said the researchers .
Toilet hands
In Newcastle and Liverpool , men were more likely than women to show contamination - 53 % of men compared with 30 % of women in Newcastle and 36 % of men compared with 31 % of women in Liverpool .
We were flabbergasted by the finding that so many people had faecal bugs on their hands
Dr Val Curtis , director of the Hygiene Centre at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine
In the other three cities - London , Cardiff and Birmingham - the women 's hands were dirtier .
People who had used the bus had higher rates of hand contamination than those who had used the train .
Manual workers had cleaner hands than other professionals , students , retired people or the unemployed .
Dr Val Curtis , director of the Hygiene Centre at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , said : " We were flabbergasted by the finding that so many people had faecal bugs on their hands .
" The figures were far higher than we had anticipated , and suggest that there is a real problem with people washing their hands in the UK .
DIRTY HANDS Newcastle - men 53 % , women 30 % Liverpool - men 36 % , women 31 % Birmingham - men 21 % , women 26 % Cardiff - men 15 % , women 29 % Euston ( London ) - men 6 % , women 21 % " If any of these people had been suffering from a diarrhoeal disease , the potential for it to be passed around would be greatly increased by their failure to wash their hands after going to the toilet . "
Professor Mike Catchpole , director of the Health Protection Agency 's Centre for Infections , said : " These results are startling and should be enough to make anyone reach for the soap .
" It is well known that hand washing is one of the most important ways of controlling the spread of infections , especially those that cause diarrhoea and vomiting , colds and flu .
" People should always wash their hands after using the toilet , before eating or handling food , and after handling animals .
And remember to cover all cuts and scratches with a waterproof dressing . "
Winter vomiting
The HPA 's monitoring of infections over recent weeks suggests that cases of norovirus - the winter vomiting bug - are rising and that the annual norovirus season is likely to have begun .
Norovirus is the most common cause of gastrointestinal disease in the UK with peak activity in terms of numbers of cases and outbreaks during the winter months , from October to March .
It has been estimated that between 600,000 and a million people in the UK are affected each year .
Professor Catchpole said : " Norovirus is highly infectious and easily spread in settings where people are in close contact with one another so good hygiene , including frequent handwashing , is really important . "
The study was part of the world 's first Global Hand - washing Day , dedicated to raising awareness about the importance hand hygiene plays in public health .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The spokesperson of the German Pirate Party saw his house raided after the party published a leaked document which showed that the government uses a homemade " trojan " to wiretap Skype conversations .
In addition , a server from another party member was seized .
The Pirate Party is known for it ’s battle against the ever increasing government surveillance on the public .
So , when an anonymous whistleblower sent them a internal document which showed that the government went as far as installing trojans on computers , they did n’t hesitate to publish it .
German authorities were n’t too happy about the leak , which might be illegal according to a criminal law specialist , and went after the source .
Earlier this week police searched the home of the Pirate Party spokesperson where they hoped to find more information .
In addition to the home search , a server from another party member was seized .
The server , however , was fully encrypted , so chances are low that it will uncover the whistleblower .
In a response , Andreas Popp , Chairman of the Bavarian Pirate Party said : “ A brave person leaks documents to the Pirate Party , to inform the public about a procedure of the Bavarian Government , which is highly likely to violate the constitution .
Now this persons is hunted like a criminal .
Private rooms are raided , servers get seized . ”
Pirate Parties around the world will continue to speak out against these , and other privacy threats .
The trojan in question ( German ) was able to tap into Skype calls and intercept traffic to encrypted websites .
The competition is being held in the tiny island of Fetlar
Enthusiasts in the Shetland Islands are staging the first world championship of an ancient Viking board game .
Hnefatafl was popular in northern Europe for hundreds of years until it was eclipsed by the rise of chess .
The game simulates a Viking raid , with the king and his defenders trying to escape a larger force .
The contest between a dozen players , on the island of Fetlar , will be played on wooden boards with 121 squares and the king starting in the middle .
Hnefatafl is a game with a pedigree stretching back 1,000 years .
Warlike contest
It was taken to Shetland by the Vikings and there were references to Welsh and Irish versions in the Norse adventure stories known as sagas .
The game was popular because - like chess - it was a warlike contest .
There will be no medals in the competition on Fetlar but the winner will receive a board , a set and the title Hnefatafl Grand Master .
The games will be followed from as far afield as Texas and New York , where new players have been learning online .
Three British Muslims admit bid to bomb Heathrow and Commons with liquid explosives
Three British Muslims yesterday admitted plotting to explode a homemade bomb at the Houses of Parliament in protest at the UK's role in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The men and two others also admitted conspiring to cause public nuisance by distributing Al Qaeda - style videos threatening suicide bomb attacks in Britain .
But prosecutors claimed they made ' inherently improbable ' and ' bogus ' confessions to these charges to distract attention from the main allegations - a plot to blow up airliners flying from Heathrow to major U.S. cities .
They accused the men of being in a gang wanting to kill thousands of passengers by detonating liquid bombs in a wave of mid-air explosions .
Guilty plea : Abdulla Ahmed Ali ( left ) , Assad Sarwar ( centre ) and Tanvir Hussain ( right ) admit conspiring to cause explosions
A jury at Woolwich Crown Court , South - East London , must still decide if the five men , plus three others , are guilty of an unprecedented suicide bomb conspiracy .
Prosecutor Peter Wright QC said the conspirators were fanatics who believed they would achieve immortality through mass murder .
He said : ' What they intended was to shock the world , not merely by the nature of the acts but also by the fact that such actions could be committed by apparently ordinary law - abiding citizens .
' This was part of the message .
A statement of the strength of resistance to perceived Muslim oppression . '
The guilty pleas came before prosecution barristers summed up their case as the three - month trial drew to a close .
The eight men face two revised charges of conspiracy to murder , with one specifying that the attacks would involve detonating improvised bombs on aircraft .
In their defence , Ali and Sarwar said they planned to record an internet documentary highlighting injustices against Muslims in Iraq , Afghanistan and Lebanon .
Ali said he considered exploding a small device at the Houses of Parliament or Heathrow as a publicity stunt .
He claimed martyrdom videos recorded by six of the defendants were a hoax to make the documentary more shocking .
But Mr Wright said : ' This was for real .
Human beings ready , able and willing to commit carnage for the sake of Islam .
' They saw it as an opportunity to set an example to others to follow their lead .
A warning to the public that they were vulnerable , at home or abroad .
' Each was prepared to kill on a wholly indiscriminate basis without the blink of an eye . '
Mr Wright said the men were ' almost ready to go ' in August 2006 with bomb - making equipment in place , targets identified and suicide bombers lined up .
But he outlined how counter - terrorist police were monitoring the gang with surveillance teams and a bug at their base .
The prosecutor said the gang had enough hydrogen peroxide and other materials to make at least 20 soft - drink bombs and intended the wave of attacks to be unstoppable .
He said : ' It was to be an attack that was co-ordinated and , once they were airborne , irreversible .
' All that the people on the ground could do was hope and wait while those aircraft disappeared from their screens . '
Final speeches by defence lawyers begin today .
Abdulla Ahmed Ali , 27 , of Walthamstow , East London , Tanvir Hussain , 27 , of Leyton , East London , and Assad Sarwar , 28 , of High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to cause explosions .
They also admitted conspiring to cause a public nuisance with Ibrahim Savant , 27 , of Stoke Newington , North London , and Umar Islam , 30 , aka Brian Young , of Plaistow , East London .
The other defendants are Mohammed Gulzar , 26 , of Barking , East London , and Arafat Waheed Khan , 27 , and Waheed Zaman , 24 , both of Walthamstow , East London .
No comments are permitted on this story as legal proceedings are underway
McCain is barely coherent in this interview that Joe posted earlier .
He looks terrible , sounds worse , and repeats the weird line about Palin being a national security expert because she lives close to Russia .
That ’s as ridiculous as Joe and me claiming that because we live near the Chinese Embassy we ’re China experts .
But what ’s more important is that in watching this video you can see why the McCain campaign does n’t let Mccain talk to the press any more .
Why the McCain campaign is using Sarah Palin as a virtual human shield for John McCain , bringing her to every event to deflect attention away from McCain .
Why the McCain campaign is bringing up so many distracting issues like lipstick and pigs and lies about the Bridge to Nowhere .
They ’re desperately trying to deflect our attention away from the fact that John McCain got old some time in the last year or so , he ’s no longer the quick , smart , energetic man he once was .
And it would scare the voters to see what he ’s become .
So they hide him .
Yes , you ’ll notice that later on in the interview , when McCain gets angry , he kind of wakes up and his answers become more coherent .
Sometimes McCain is his old self , albeit an older version , but lots of times he ’s someone else entirely .
Are we really going to have a president who ’s coherent and alert half the time , but the other half is confused , bumbling , and somewhat incoherent ?
CBS News ’ blog picks up on the video , and eviscerates McCain for it .
( The Big Money )
When you hear that the collapse of AIG or Lehman Bros. or Bear Stearns might lead to a systemic collapse of the global financial system , the feared culprit is , largely , that once - obscure ( OK , still obscure ) instrument known as a credit default swap .
When you hear that the collapse of AIG or Lehman Bros. or Bear Stearns might lead to a systemic collapse of the global financial system , the feared culprit is , largely , that once - obscure ( OK , still obscure ) instrument known as a credit default swap , reports The Big Money .
REUTERS / Slate / Handout
So , what is a CDS , and why is it so dangerous ?
At first glance , a credit default swap seems like a perfectly sensible financial tool .
It is , basically , insurance on bonds .
Imagine a large bank buys some bonds issued by General Electric .
The bank expects to receive a steady stream of payments from GE over the years .
That ’s how bonds work :
The issuer pays the bondholder some money every six months .
But the bank figures there ’s a chance that GE might go bankrupt .
It ’s a small chance , but not zero , and if it happens , the bank does n’t get any more of those payments .
The bank might decide to buy a CDS , a sort of insurance policy .
If GE never goes bankrupt , the bank is out whatever premium it paid for the CDS .
If GE goes bankrupt and stops paying its bondholders , the bank gets money from whoever sold the CDS .
Who sells these CDSs ?
Banks , hedge funds , and AIG .
It ’s easy to see the attraction .
Historically , bond issuers almost never go bankrupt .
So , many banks and hedge funds figured they could make a fortune by selling CDSs , keeping the premium , and almost never having to pay out anything .
In fact , beginning in the late ‘ 90s , CDSs became a great way to make a lot more money than was possible through traditional investment methods .
Let ’s say you think GE is rock solid , that it will never default on a bond , since it has n’t in recent memory .
You could buy a GE bond and make , say , a meager 6 percent interest .
Or you could just sell GE credit default swaps .
You get money from other banks , and all you have to give is the promise to pay if something bad happens .
That ’s zero money down and a profit limited only by how many you can sell .
Over the past few years , CDSs helped transform bond trading into a highly leveraged , high - velocity business .
Banks and hedge funds found that it was much easier and quicker to just buy and sell CDS contracts rather than buy and sell actual bonds .
As of the end of 2007 , they had grown to roughly $ 60 trillion in global business .
So , what went wrong ?
Many CDSs were sold as insurance to cover those exotic financial instruments that created and spread the subprime housing crisis , details of which are covered here 1 .
As those mortgage - backed securities and collateralized debt obligations became nearly worthless , suddenly that seemingly low - risk event - an actual bond default - was happening daily .
The banks and hedge funds selling CDSs were no longer taking in free cash ; they were having to pay out big money .
Most banks , though , were not all that bad off , because they were simultaneously on both sides of the CDS trade .
Most banks and hedge funds would buy CDS protection on the one hand and then sell CDS protection to someone else at the same time .
When a bond defaulted , the banks might have to pay some money out , but they ’d also be getting money back in .
They netted out .
Everyone , that is , except for AIG .
AIG was on one side of these trades only :
They sold CDS .
They never bought .
Once bonds started defaulting , they had to pay out and nobody was paying them .
AIG seems to have thought CDS were just an extension of the insurance business .
But they ’re not .
When you insure homes or cars or lives , you can expect steady , actuarially predictable trends .
If you sell enough and price things right , you know that you ’ll always have more premiums coming in than payments going out .
That ’s because there is low correlation between insurance triggering events .
My death does n’t , generally , hasten your death .
My house burning down does n’t increase the likelihood of your house burning down .
Not so with bonds .
Once some bonds start defaulting , other bonds are more likely to default .
The risk increases exponentially .
Credit default swaps written by AIG cover more than $ 440 billion in bonds 2 .
We learned this week that AIG has nowhere near enough money to cover all of those .
Their customers - those banks and hedge funds buying CDSs - started getting nervous .
So did government regulators .
They started to wonder if AIG has enough money to pay out all the CDS claims it will likely owe .
This week , Moody ’s Investors Service , the credit - rating agency , announced that it was less confident in AIG ’s ability to pay all its debts and would lower its credit rating .
That has formal implications :
It means AIG has to put up more collateral to guarantee its ability to pay .
Just when AIG is in trouble for being on the hook for all those CDS debts , along comes this credit - rating problem that will force it to pay even more money .
AIG did n't have more money .
The company started selling things it owned - like its aircraft - leasing division 3 .
All of this has pushed AIG 's stock price down dramatically .
That makes it even harder for AIG to convince companies to give it money to pitch in .
So , it 's asking the government to help out .
AIG might be in trouble .
But what do I care ?
Because the global economy could , possibly , come to a halt .
Banks all over the world bought CDS protection from AIG .
If AIG is not able to make good on that promise of payment , then every one of those banks has lost that protection .
Overnight , the banks have to buy replacement coverage at much higher rates , because the risks now are much worse than they were when AIG sold most of these CDS contracts .
In short , banks all over the world are instantly worth less money .
The numbers seem to be quite huge - possibly in the hundreds of billions .
To cover that instantaneous loss , banks will lend out less money .
That means other banks can’t borrow to pay this new cost , and weaker banks might not have enough ; they ’ll collapse .
That will further shrink the global pool of money .
This will likely spur a whole new round of CDS payouts - all those collapsed banks issue bonds that someone , somewhere sold CDS protection for .
That new round of CDS payouts could cause another round of bank failures .
Generally , with enough time , financial markets can adjust to just about anything .
This , though , would be an instantaneous transformation of the global financial system .
Surely , the worst part will be the confusion .
CDS are largely over - the - counter instruments .
That means they ’re not traded on an exchange .
One bank just agrees with another bank to do a CDS deal .
There ’s no reliable central repository of information .
There ’s no way to know how exposed a bank is .
Banks would have no way of knowing how badly other banks have been affected .
Without any clarity , banks will likely simply stop lending to each other .
Since we ’re only just now getting a handle on how widespread and intertwined they have become , it seems possible that AIG , alone , could bring the global economy to something of a standstill .
It ’s also possible that it would n’t .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 September 25
The Case of the Very Dusty Binary Star
Illustration Credit & Copyright : Lynette Cook
Explanation : For astronomers , close binary star system BD+20 307 originally stood out because it is extremely dusty .
A substantial amount of warm dust surrounding it causes the system to appear exceptionally bright at infrared wavelengths .
Of course , dust associated with planet formation is often detected around young stars , stars only a few million years old .
But the BD+20 307 system has now been found to be at least a few billion years old , an age comparable to the age of our own Solar System .
The large amount of warm dust is likely the debris from a relatively recent collision of planet - sized objects on the scale of , say , Earth and Venus , in the BD +20 307 system .
Reminiscent of the classic scifi novel When Worlds Collide , the dramatic illustration offers a depiction of the catastrophic event .
Ironically , this indirect evidence of a destructive planetary collision could also be the first indication that planetary systems can form around close binary stars .
BD+20 307 is about 300 light - years distant toward the headstrong constellation Aries .
Reuters
Make way
WITH petrol the price it is , more and more people are riding a bicycle to work .
In Broward County , Florida , about 35,000 people a month typically put their bicycles on a bus bike - rack , thereby shortening a cycle commute .
In May of this year , 68,000 people did so .
Denver saw 25,000 people register for a recent “ bike to work ” day , up from 15,000 a year ago .
In Seattle cyclists complain about a shortage of bike stands , while in Portland , Oregon , some 6,000 cyclists cross just one of the city 's many bridges each morning .
Bicycle - boosters are thrilled with the sudden popularity of their humble machine .
“ Ridership is just skyrocketing , ” says Elizabeth Preston of the League of American Bicyclists , a Washington , DC , advocacy group ( even cyclists have lobbyists these days ) .
Performance Bicycles , a retailer with shops in 15 states , says bicycle sales in June were the highest ever recorded .
But cycling 's popularity has a downside .
The people of Portland , for instance , have been entertained over the past few days by a series of altercations between bicyclists and motorists .
In one , a motorist and cyclist came to blows after the motorist berated the pedal - pusher for ignoring a stop sign .
The enraged cyclist used his bike to batter the motorist 's car until a bystander punched him .
In Seattle , meanwhile , two cyclists were arrested after they attacked a motorist during a so - called “ Critical Mass ” ride , events where large groups of cyclists ride through city streets to demonstrate their right to the road .
New York cyclists are up in arms about an incident in which a police officer , for no apparent reason , knocked a cyclist off his bike and then arrested him and tried to pretend the man had run into him until a video recording proved him wrong .
And in Colorado , reports the Los Angeles Times , cyclists have been feuding with the sheriff of Larimer County for his aggressive — cyclists say unreasonable — enforcement of bike - related traffic laws .
More seriously , most bicycle advocates say cycling deaths are sharply up , although the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration has no figures as yet for 2008 .
After years of federal and local spending on bike routes and other amenities , most cities are ready to handle more cyclists .
But many motorists simply do n't see their two - wheeled brethren or , when they do , find them aggravating .
Managing more cyclists is going to take more than new bike paths or fresh stripes on the roads .
It looks as though there is a need , on both sides , for a revolution in manners .
As I stopped by my local grocery store to shop I happened to notice that for a weekend , the number of people was extraordinarily low .
Recognizing the cashier I observed , “ it really seems empty for a weekend . ”
Her comment sums up the new feeling that many have .
“ It feels like we are entering another like Great Depression you know ? ”
Talk of the Great Depression now seems to be mixed in like pasta sauce into talks of the incredibly unpopular $ 700 billion bail out for Wall Street and irresponsible lenders .
Not only has the economic Armageddon talk entered Washington D.C. , they are threatening that should you fail to get onboard , your 401 ( k ) will be held hostage .
I find it stunning and opportunistic that these same people who were cheerleading that all was well only a few months ago are suddenly coming hat in hand begging for the largest government welfare check in the history of this country .
What is even more pathetic is how they are threatening the debt addicted American public that should this bill not pass , they will need to go cold turkey .
No credit for you consumer hamster !
Incredibly , in some polls Americans realize the consequences of no bail out but simply do not care .
It is like a hamster that suddenly has an epiphany that going on the wheel does n’t take him anywhere but only gets him exhausted .
The prospect has scared the living daylights out of baby boomers who seem quick to jump on the bandwagon since they cannot stand to see any more Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , A.I.G. , WaMu , or Bear Stearns hurt their portfolios .
In a way , the cognitive dissonance occurring is that heads you lose ( Wall Street and lenders get a corrupt and golden parachute bail out ) tails you lose ( Wall Street gets its comeuppance but you have to see your portfolio take a major hit ) .
Yet I am proud to say that people are now taking to the streets and protesting :
* Click to watch video
Los Angeles
Wall Street
People do n’t like being given an ultimatum especially when that includes bailing out the same folks who actually created the system which is currently collapsing .
Wall Street created an addictive drug and pushed it on the American public .
Now , they want to ensure the government gives them more money to funnel their debt crack on more Americans .
I hate to tell you but people need to realize that not everyone in this country deserves to own a home .
These are things that should be earned .
Maybe we should take a lesson from history here :
Click to learn what many brokers and lenders failed to learn
Bwahaha !
We flushed that model down the toilet !
Character ?
Are you kidding ?
Mortgage brokers were giving out loans virtually over the internet and never met the person on the other side .
“ Shady Lending .
This is Slime Ball speaking can I help you . ”
“ Yes .
I need a loan for $ 500,000 . ”
“ You got it !
Where do you work ? ”
“ K - Mart . ”
“ And how much do you make a year ? ”
“ $ 200,000 . ”
“ You make $ 200,000 working at K - Mart ?
I ’ll go for that !
Can you verify that income ? ”
“ No .
Is that a problem ? ’
“ Heck no !
We ’ll just go no -doc and we ’ll have this loan out to you in a few days so you can buy whatever overvalued home your heart desires ! ”
“ Sweet . ”
“ Indeed it is my precious friend . ”
Is that enough to judge someone ’s character ?
Of course not .
Let us move on to the next 2 items , capacity and capital .
Bwahaha !
Well it almost goes without saying that nearly all the sub - prime , Alt - A , and option ARM crap was given to people that did n’t have the capacity to buy a home with a 30 - year fixed .
And forget about capital .
The definition of no money down means you come to the table with no capital whatsoever .
There were cases where you left the table with capital !
The system became perverted and putrefied like the sewage running down the San Gabriel River .
How can you go from no recession to the verge of another Great Depression in a few months ?
You can’t .
This system was developing over a decade long bubble with zero regulation or enforcement and rampant greed .
The majority of Americans who were prudent are rising up and saying no !
Brad Sherman , a Valley congressman is saying that he is receiving 300 to 2 phone calls against the bailout .
People know that they are getting absolutely shafted in this deal and that is why there is so much wrangling going on in Washington D.C. right now .
This is part XIX in our Great Depression series :
14 . Bank Failures .
15 . The King JPMorgan Speaks .
16 . Items That Sold in the Credit Bubble .
17 . The All Hat and No Cattle Nation
18 . Charity for Financial Deviants .
Tent Cities
Just because you do n’t see poverty in your immediate area does n’t mean that things are fine and dandy .
People who lost their home or simply cannot find affordable housing are now migrating to tent cities in certain areas of the country :
Tent city
These designated areas are exploding with new residents and only reflect a decline in the overall economic climate .
Now you tell me how the $ 700 billion bail out is going to help these folks ?
The way they are marketing it is through fear that if you do n’t get on board , you may end up with no job and you will lose your credit and sanity .
How many Americans are one paycheck away from being out on the street ?
This notion of the Horatio Alger myth is finally breaking .
The idea if you work hard enough life will reward you .
What the current corruption on Wall Street is telling us is that if you screw enough people over , the government will be there to reward you whether you succeed or fail .
You simply cannot reward such behavior .
The new strategy from the banking syndicate is fear mongering and trying to get you to be so scared , that you will be willing to sign off on nearly $ 1 trillion !
Being lied to by our government ?
I ’ve never heard of such a thing .
Bank Failures
How quickly people forget that only a few months ago IndyMac Bank which failed spectacularly created bank runs and long lines of people simply trying to get their money :
* Source : OC Register Eugene Garcia
This of course did n’t simply happen over night but because IndyMac Bank participated in the toxic mortgage orgy and set itself up for failure .
Year after year even after warnings and caution was being voiced in the community , these institutions kept on going with their mania and ignored any financial prudence .
They screwed people over and karma got them back :
WaMu which essentially is similar to IndyMac except 10 times bigger recently failed .
The biggest S & L failure in the history of the United States .
I ’m not sure if people think we are closer to a bottom but clearly many think that we have a long way to go .
Over the past few weeks , $ 16 + billion was taken out of WaMu forcing the FDIC to take action .
These are not signs that people feel confident in their financial system .
Why should they ?
The financial system did not look at character , capacity , or capital .
Now they expect the public to have character , capacity , and capital to bail out these bandits ?
Guess what ?
People do not want a bail out .
Many are thinking that a hit on their 401 ( k ) may be more manageble than being out of a job in a few years .
History Lessons
As much as some think they understand the Great Depression , they are proving through their actions that they are willing to sacrifice the middle class for their sacred Wall Street religion .
Let us see what occurred during the Great Depression :
“ To understand what has happened it is necessary to look at the problem in perspective .
In the first place all facts are relative .
We cannot understand the menace of the mortgage situation unless we consider the cost of carrying our present mortgage burden in relation to our changed national income .
In 1929 the national income for the United States was 85 billions of dollars .
By the year 1932 this figure had fallen to 36 billions .
The most conservative figure for mortgages that I can find shows that in the year 1929 the combined total of urban and rural mortgages in the United States amounted to at least 46 billions of dollars .
It is difficult to determine how much this figure has changed between 1929 and 1932 .
The first effect of the calling of outstanding loans was to increased the amount of money borrowed against real estate .
It is safe to say , however , that any general increase in the total of mortgage loans has since been erased by the calling in of outstanding mortgages and the constant demand for the reduction of principal .
I , therefore , assume that the total present mortgage indebtedness is about 43 billions of dollars . ”
Many may not be aware that much of the larger problems from the Great Depression came from mortgages and housing .
Yes , the stock market crash set off the fuse which would lead to a decade long calamity but Main Street USA did not feel the bitter repercussion until a few years later .
You would think that we can learn from the past but clearly we cannot :
“ But the prosperity of the nation depends upon its ability to make economic use of what is capable of producing ; that is , it must either consume what it produces or sell it abroad .
If because of fixed contracts , real estate levies too large a tool on the national income , the amount of income available for the consumption of commodities contracts also .
As a result we have industrial stagnation , followed eventually by hunger and suffering .
Production cannot be generally resumed until credits are liberated to restore the purchasing power of the people .
Credits cannot be liberated for the purchase of commodities , in appreciable quantity , so long as current funds are being drained off for the liquidation of capital obligations .
Increased lending for refinancing purposes will only make matters worse , because on the one hand it draws off additional funds which might otherwise have gone into compensating producers , while at the same time it reestablishes debt burdens which we acknowledge we are unable to carry . ”
This is the current big push .
That is , the credit markets are frozen like a Klondike Bar and need some thawing to get going again .
Yet spending is the exact reason we are in this mess .
In fact , we are spending money on this bailout and we do n’t even have the capital available to do so !
Let us say the markets are unfrozen .
Then what ?
People get back on the debt treadmill and spend again to another bubble ?
If you have good credit and some capital you will be able to get a loan today !
Do n’t believe the damn propaganda that no one will lend to you .
I went to a local credit union and they actually are still lending and in fact , are seeing a jump in business because they did n’t gamble their money on toxic crap mortgages .
Yet we should also look at how the Twentysomethings in this country are perceiving this market crisis .
There is a good Newsweek article talking with two interns in their 20s and exploring the current crisis .
Here are a few bits from the interview which is a quick and insightful read :
“ Since I graduated from college , I ’ve been pretty frugal , contributing to my savings account and my 401 ( k ) , and I keep an eye on those .
I feel like if I keep doing that , I ’m going to be OK .
Do you think we should be worried ? ”
This is the first mistake that many do .
Many people when they are young , follow the advice of some Wall Street game of telephone and “ diversify ” their funds .
When you are young , they most likely put you into 80 % stocks and 20 % bonds .
But what stocks are you in ?
Did they just put you into Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ?
They may put you into international stocks but have you even taken a gander at the international markets and the myth of decoupling ?
In fact , people are pushing Treasury yields because people are flocking to safety .
At one point in the last few days , some of the yields went slightly below zero !
Why ?
People freaked out and simply want to protect their money forget about maintaining an interest rate .
Let us look at some more from the article :
“ Those are all things our generation is notoriously bad at , and buying things on credit ( as I ’m guilty of doing myself ) is only going to make the crunch worse .
When it comes to savings and all that , you ’re a generational anomaly .
After all , you once told me : “ I have no problems with money . ”
Exactly .
I ca n’t tell you how many people I know that think they have no money problems because they are able to keep up with their car lease , credit card payments , and massive mortgage .
Many of them have recently asked for advice and they are simply one paycheck away from declaring bankruptcy .
How are they going to afford that $ 4,000 home payment ?
Car payments alone run up to $ 1,000 a month with insurance adding another $ 200 a month .
Fuel is another $ 500 .
So only with the home and the car they are dishing out nearly $ 6,000 a month and this is no anomaly here in Southern California .
Here is another fascinating insight :
“ As for all the fluctuations in the market , like you said , we ’re probably not the most knowledgeable financial advisers .
But from what I ’ve been hearing , I should just be playing the long - term game - not watching my 401 ( k ) go up a little , and then down a little , but just keep contributing and not get too nervous .
And since we ’re in our 20s , insurance company meltdowns like AIG ’s do n’t seem to have much of a bearing on our lives .
I definitely agree that our generation ’s credit addiction is an issue - but as long as I steer clear of that , are n’t I setting myself up for a pretty solid future ? ”
Of course it has a bearing .
Do you purchase insurance ?
Chances are premiums will go higher .
When the market collapsed in 1929 it took 25 years before it came back again !
Take a look at the chart :
The point is , simply throwing your money at the market is not enough .
You have to do your own due diligence and really examine the balance sheet of certain companies and then invest accordingly .
This idea that you have “ time ” is absurd .
I rather spend a little more time , read a couple of prudent investing and history books and then invest .
This is your retirement after all .
But many boomers believed this get rich quick mentality and went aggressive in tech stocks in the 1990s and then jumped head first into real estate in the 2000s .
Time to watch that 3 C’s movie above and understand what is at the core of any fundamental loan .
People in their 20s simply do not have that much money in their 401 ( k ) accounts to worry about the market .
They are more concerned keeping their job .
In addition , in no other time in history have young people come out with so much college loan debt .
Yet now we are being asked to throw $ 700 billion to bail out the irresponsible lenders on Wall Street while many Americans without the help of the mainstream media decided to seek out information and lived a prudent life .
They did not lease luxury cars .
They did not buy McMansions with granite countertops simply to dust off every single day since many are too busy to cook at home .
Many had the artifacts of the “ rich ” yet lived a life of silent desperation .
They had the items of the rich yet deep inside they felt , “ why do I feel so close to the edge ?
I have everything a rich person should have . ”
Unfortunately we just had our own version of the Roaring 20s and everyone wanted to keep up with the Joneses including Wall Street .
The frustration of many is real .
The majority of Americans do n’t want a bail out .
Yet those in D.C. are voting once again against the will of the people .
Many of these politicians are the same folks professing to know very little about the economy !
Then why are you so quick to dump $ 700 billion into a plan that is only going to help Wall Street and lenders that gambled ?
They ensured their own demise .
Since the peak of the bubble , residential real estate in the United States hit a peak of $ 24 trillion .
According to the most recent Case - Shiller Index data , we are now down , 18.8 % from the peak price point .
What this means is this :
$ 24,000,000,000,000 x 18.8 % = $ 4,512,000,000,000
What this means is that from the peak in July of 2006 $ 4.5 trillion in household equity has been destroyed .
Add to that the over $ 4 trillion in stock market wealth that is now gone :
* Click to see excellent interactive chart
And you basically have approximately $ 9 trillion in wealth that has disappeared in 2 years !
Keep in mind the GDP of the United States is about $ 13.7 trillion .
In essence , when this thing is said and done we will have lost the equivalent of over one year of GDP .
Technically we are not in a recession .
We just skipped over that and put ourselves at the edge of economic depression .
Those same people that brought us here want more money to keep this system going ?
If you want to tell them how pleased you are with this system contact your representative in this election year :
Write your Representative
Write your Senator
They ’ve had years to talk about the economy and now that the election is nearing in November they are responding to Main Street ?
Maybe someone else is feeling a silent desperation .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
The US is planning to establish a diplomatic presence in Tehran for the first time in 30 years , a remarkable turnaround in policy by president George Bush who has pursued a hawkish approach to Iran throughout his time in office .
The Guardian has learned that an announcement will be made in the next month to establish a US interests section in Tehran , a halfway house to setting up a full embassy .
The move will see US diplomats stationed in the country .
The news comes at a critical time in US - Iranian relations .
After weeks that have seen tensions rise with Israel conducting war games aimed at Iran and Tehran carrying out long - range missile tests , a thaw appears to be under way .
The White House announced today that William Burns , a senior state department official , is to be sent to Switzerland on Saturday to hear Tehran 's response to a European offer aimed at resolving the nuclear standoff .
Burns is to sit down at the table with Iranian officials in spite of Bush repeatedly ruling out direct talks on the nuclear issue until Iran suspended its uranium enrichment progamme , a possible first step on the way to building a nuclear weapon capability .
A frequent complaint of the Iranians is that they want to deal direct with the Americans instead of its surrogates , Britain , France and Germany .
Bush has taken a hard line with Iran throughout the last seven years but , in the dying days of his administration , it is believed he is keen to have a positive legacy that he can point to .
The return of US diplomats to Iran is dependent on agreement by Tehran .
But president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicated earlier this week that he is not against the opening of a US mission , saying Iran will consider favourably any request aimed at boosting relations between the two countries .
US interests in the country at present are looked after by the Swiss embassy .
The British government restored its embassy in Tehran after Labour 's 1997 general election victory as part of a policy of constructive diplomacy with countries that had previously been branded rogue states .
Creation of a US interest section would see diplomats stationed in Tehran for the first time since the hostage crisis that began when hundreds of students , as part of the Iranian revolution that led to fall of the Shah , stormed the US embassy in 1979 and held the occupants until 1981 .
The special interests section would be similar to the one in Havana , Cuba .
The US broke off relations with Cuba in 1961 after Castro 's take - over but US diplomats returned in 1977 .
The special interests section carries out all the functions of an embassy .
It is in terms of protocol part of the Swiss embassy but otherwise is staffed by Americans and independent of the Swiss .
There has been an intense debate within the Bush administration over Iran , with the vice - president , Dick Cheney , in favour of a military strike against Iranian nuclear plants and the state department in favour of diplomacy .
The state department has been pressing the White House for the last two years to re-establish diplomatic relations with Tehran by setting up an interest section .
The state department is keen that the move should not be interpreted as a sign of weakness .
Sending Burns , who left Washington last night , to Geneva and the establishment of an interests section undercuts one of the main planks of foreign policy advocated by the Democratic presidential candidate , Barack Obama , who argues for direct negotiations with Iran .
The White House has been working in tandem over the last month with Obama 's Republican rival , John McCain .
The US has had to rely on British diplomats based in Tehran , as well as other diplomats in the capital , for information about the inner workings of Iranian politics .
Having its own interests section would give its diplomats access to students , dissidents and others .
It would also process visa applications , at present handled by a small office in Dubai , which is difficult for Iranians to get to .
Ahmadinejad told a reporter earlier this week , in response to a question about a US interests section : " We will receive favourably any action which will help to reinforce relations between the peoples . "
He added : " We have not received any official request but we think that the development of relations between the two peoples is something correct . "
That sentiment was echoed last month by secretary of state Condoleezza Rice who told reporters : " We want more Iranians visiting the United States ... We are determined to reach out to the Iranian people . "
Iran has an interests section in Washington , which would make it harder for Tehran to deny the Americans a similar arrangement .
Rice set up a group to study the feasibility of re-establishing a presence after the idea cropped up repeatedly in discussions among Washington think tanks .
Asked last month about the idea , she would not confirm or deny it was under consideration .
But she said indicated that the present arrangement where there is an American visa office for Iranians in Dubai was inadequate .
" We know that it 's difficult for Iranians sometimes to get to Dubai . ' " she said .
The US says militants are hiding out in north - west Pakistan President George W Bush has authorised US military raids against militants inside Pakistan without prior approval from Islamabad , the BBC has learned .
An unnamed senior Pentagon official told the BBC the classified order had been made within the past two months .
On Wednesday , the US 's top military commander said strategy in Afghanistan was shifting to include raids across the border into Pakistan .
Pakistan has said it will not allow foreign forces on to its territory .
The Pakistani ambassador to the US has disputed the claim , first reported in the New York Times .
" In our bilateral discussions , no such idea has been mooted and will certainly not be accepted by Pakistan , " Husain Haqqani told Reuters .
" Pakistan would not accept foreign troops .
This is not the best way to pursue the war against terror , " he said .
Growing frustration
The US say that Pakistan 's north - west tribal areas are being used as " safe havens " by militants preparing attacks on Afghanistan .
But Pakistan 's Chief of Army Staff , Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , said there was " no question of any agreement or understanding with the coalition forces whereby they are allowed to conduct operations on our side of the border " .
The Afghan - Pakistan militant nexus Voices from unstable borders
He said the sovereignty and integrity of Pakistan would be defended at all cost .
A senior Pentagon official told the BBC that Mr Bush gave his approval this summer for cross - border raids into Pakistan .
The order includes the use of conventional ground troops crossing the border into Pakistan to pursue militants there .
An unnamed former intelligence official told the New York Times that the Pakistani government was not told about intended targets because of concerns that its intelligence services has been infiltrated by al - Qaeda supporters .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas , in Washington , says it is a sign of growing US frustration with Islamabad 's lack of assertive action against the militants .
There is also an increasing concern about the threat such militants pose to Nato troops in neighbouring Afghanistan , and potentially to the US , says our correspondent .
The US has been carrying out regular military air strikes on Pakistan from Afghanistan , but ten days ago US troops carried out a ground assault for the first time .
Pakistan said the raid in South Waziristan was a violation of its sovereignty and summoned the US ambassador to hear a " very strong protest " .
Islamabad fears that attacks by US troops could encourage support for the Taleban militants among tribal groups in the border area .
The latest revelation appears to be part of a slow change in US strategy towards Pakistan and will only add to the tensions between the two countries , our correspondent adds .
' Common insurgency '
Officially , the US has stressed the need for co-operation with Islamabad .
US ' must target Pakistan havens '
On Thursday , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , told Congress that the US must continue to work closely with Pakistan .
" In my view , these two nations are inextricably linked in a common insurgency that crosses the border between them , " he said .
" We can hunt down and kill extremists as they cross over the border from Pakistan ... but until we work more closely with the Pakistani government to eliminate the safe havens from which they operate , the enemy will only keep coming . "
The US move to focus efforts on the Afghan - Pakistan border was welcomed by Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
" Change of strategy is essential , " Mr Karzai said at a news conference in Kabul on Thursday .
" It means that we go to those areas which are the training bases and havens - we jointly go there and remove and destroy them . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( Fortune Magazine ) --
The recession is no doubt hurting you , perhaps badly .
Your sales may well be down .
Maybe you 've even lost your job .
Whatever your troubles , you may safely blame them on the recession .
After all , most of the CFOs questioned in a recent poll agree that the U.S. is in a recession ; among the general public , 76 % said the U.S. was in a recession six months ago , and other polling suggests most people believe things have grown worse since then .
The government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , its rescue of insurance giant AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , the collapse of Lehman Brothers , and this week 's hair - raising plunges in the Dow reinforce the sense of economic collapse .
Even the No. 1 album on iTunes recently was Young Jeezy 's The Recession .
When hip - hop chart toppers are talking about the economy , something big is going on .
The recession is everywhere .
Just one problem :
There is n't any recession .
The latest figures show that we clearly were not in one as of midsummer , whether you use the rule - of - thumb definition - two consecutive quarters of GDP shrinkage - or the looser concept of a sustained and significant economic decline .
The economy shrank marginally ( - 0.2 % ) in the fourth quarter of 2007 , but otherwise it 's been growing steadily for years .
In the most recent quarter it grew at a vigorous 3.3 % , fueled not by government stimulus checks but by a strong rise in net exports .
The OECD has just raised its forecast of U.S. growth for the full year from 1.2 % to 1.8 % - not blistering , but still the fastest growth of all the G - 7 countries .
So if we 're not in a recession , why does everyone think we 're in one ?
Partly it 's because in a global economy , it 's possible to produce economic growth that many people do n't feel .
The rewards of economic growth are going disproportionately to those with the best educations , bypassing many of the more numerous workers without college or higher degrees .
In some cases , well - educated workers like teachers have also missed the rewards of growth .
Even a company 's stock price that rises with global growth does n't benefit Americans as much as it used to , because ownership is dispersed much more widely around the world than before .
A more profound reason that people believe we are in a recession can't be found in the GDP tables at all .
It 's in their minds , what psychologist and author Judith M. Bardwick calls the psychological recession - " an emotional state in which people feel extremely vulnerable and afraid for their futures . "
The No. 1 cause , she says , is not falling incomes - most people 's incomes are n't falling - but rather people 's worry about job security , " the mother lode of anxiety poisoning their view of reality . "
Even if they keep their jobs , they know that benefits may well be cut .
Then add the lack of confidence in financial institutions and market swoons that have eaten into investors ' portfolios .
What 's so insidious about it , she says , is that " as people try to gain some sense of having control through knowledge , they increase their fears and sense of vulnerability by seeking out and therefore exaggerating the bad news .
In this way the psychological recession is self - fulfilling . "
So the feeling of vulnerability trumps the statistics .
After all , not only is the economy growing , but the unemployment rate , now 6.1 % , is still not high by historical standards ( after the 1990 - - 91 recession it hit 7.8 % , and after the 1982 recession it hit 10.8 % ) .
Yet it does n't matter .
People fear that in a fast - moving global economy , they could lose their jobs at any time for reasons beyond their control , and that worry about their own situations feeds pessimism about the economy overall .
If I 'm afraid that my sky may be falling , then the sky itself is falling .
That insight is critically important in the presidential race .
Consider the 1992 election :
The last recession had been over for 18 months , and President George H.W. Bush campaigned by asserting that the economy was growing smartly .
But the psychological recession , stoked back then by corporate restructuring , was still going strong .
Bill Clinton understood that and campaigned by telling voters he felt their pain .
Bush was right , but Clinton won .
In this election it 's clear that Barack Obama has learned the lesson of 1992 ; he 's feeling voters ' pain around the clock .
John McCain is n't .
Instead , he 's telling Americans that the economy is n't as bad as they think .
He needs to change that message - unless , like Senator Henry Clay , he 'd rather be right than President .
Talkback :
What do you think ?
Has our economy slid into a recession , are we in one now , or are we headed for one ?
Why or why not ?
Tell us what you think .
Were you thinking of building your own Wall - E out of LEGO ?
Pfft .
I mean , no , go ahead .
Just do n't ever put it next to this model by Angus MacLane , who actually helped animate the film .
Because , as good as yours may look , he can always play the " well , the way we do things at Pixar ... " card on you .
So how does he rate his own performance ?
Advertisement
I 'm proud of the overall proportions , but the eyes are still a bit too off for me ... Having stared at this robot for 3 + years , I was extremely familiar with the proportions and functionality of Wall•E .
It helped to know his design , but that made it hard to make the usual compromises when converting items to LEGO form .
Advertisement
But from our untrained eyes , it appears that MacLane is being far too hard on himself .
[ The Brothers Brick via bbGadgets ]
Many health problems come with a tagalong : sexual dysfunction .
Are the home fires burning less brightly lately ?
It might be time for a checkup .
Here are a few medical conditions and situations whose impact can be felt in the bedroom :
Vascular disease .
Several vascular conditions can express themselves as sexual problems .
With time , they harm blood vessel , hardening and tapering arteries , which can restrict blood flow to the genitals .
For men , this may translate into inefficient erections ; for women , inadequate lubrication .
Studies indicate that blood vessel disease could be behind 50 percent to 70 percent of men's erectile dysfunction , according to the Cleveland Clinic .
Diabetes .
Sex problems often coexist with diabetes and its attendant complications — especially vascular disease and nerve damage .
Men may experience erectile or ejaculatory dysfunction , while women may face decreased arousal and difficulty achieving orgasm .
The risks of these sexual side effects may be reduced by keeping blood sugar , blood pressure , and cholesterol in check , according to the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases .
Depression .
Sexual dysfunction often accompanies depression , since the brain , commonly called the " the largest sex organ , " is where that spark of sexual desire originates .
If brain chemicals , or neurotransmitters , are n't properly balanced , libido , arousal , and orgasm can take a hit .
Frustratingly , antidepressants such as selective and nonselective serotonin reuptake inhibitors that act on serotonin receptors may dampen desire , decrease arousal , and stall or squash orgasm .
Luckily , antidotes exist .
Studies ( supported by Pfizer ) have found that Viagra and Viagra - like medications may help , and some physicians have had success with the antianxiety medication buspirone .
Switching antidepressants might work , too .
Menopause .
Women 's sex lives may change as certain hormones begin to wane .
A drop in estrogen , which aids in arousal , often results in vaginal dryness and painful intercourse .
Testosterone — a hormone tied to libido in both sexes — is on the decline as ovaries , which produce roughly half a woman 's testosterone , shut down .
While testosterone deficiencies wo n't always create problems , low levels of the hormone may kill a sexual appetite .
Medication side effects .
Countless medications can affect what goes on between the sheets .
Besides antidepressants that act on the brain 's serotonin receptors , certain high blood pressure medications , and even the birth control pill , can sap libido and have other sexual side effects .
Subbing a different drug or a lower dosage may make a difference .
Multiple sclerosis .
Multiple sclerosis , a disease of the central nervous system , is known to impair sexual function .
Unsatisfactory erections and poor arousal and orgasmic dysfunction in women may sometimes be indicators of this potentially crippling lifelong condition .
Other neurological disorders such as Parkinson 's can create similar trouble .
Endometriosis .
More than 5 million women in North America have endometriosis , a condition in which tissue that should normally line the uterus grows elsewhere , according to the National Institutes of Health .
Along with symptoms like painful cramps , heavy periods , and chronic pelvic pain , sex for these women can be an excruciating ordeal .
Ovarian cysts .
Painful sex may also be a sign of an ovarian cyst , a fluid - filled sac on the ovary ; pelvic inflammatory disease ; or even pelvic cancer .
Sexual pain , experts say , should n't be ignored .
Thyroid dysfunction .
The thyroid , a butterfly - shaped gland perched at the front of the neck , has important responsibilities .
It governs the body 's metabolic processes , from temperature to weight , and can also play a key role in sexual health A faulty thyroid producing either an over - or underabundance of hormone may be associated with erectile and ejaculatory problems , a change in libido , or a difficulty with lubrication and orgasm in women .
Thyroid conditions are treatable , says Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at San Diego 's Alvarado Hospital .
" What could be done to improve Christianity ? " is a question that the church has never , ever asked us .
But if they did , we 'd tell them to bring back the era of the ass - kicking saints .
Did you even know there was such a thing ?
Sure enough , history books are full of men who could quote the Bible and beat you to death with it , at the same time .
For instance ...
Advertisement
6 Ignatius of Loyola was Cannon - Proof Living in the early 1500s , Ignatius spent a good chunk of his life as a military man .
A gambling , barroom brawlings military man .
Oh , did we mention the whoring ?
Or as he put it in his autobiography " wenching . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
During a huge battle with the French , his own men knew they were doomed and proposed a surrender .
Ignatius would have none of that shit .
He fought on and , shortly thereafter , he was shot with a friggin ' cannon .
And lived .
The ball passed right between his legs , tearing one open and smashing the shin in his other leg .
When he was carried to town to be treated , his broken leg had to be set , rebroken then set again .
A chunk of bone sticking out had to be sawed off .
When it was discovered that whoever set his leg had fucked it up so bad it was now shorter than the other one , they used weights to try to unsuccessfully stretch it out .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Boy , we are just not good doctors . "
When you consider this was around 1520 and they did n't have frivolous luxuries like sterilization and anesthesia , you realize the guy was more hard - core than entire countries ' worth of today 's pansies .
It was during his recovery , when his cannon wound made the whoring and brawling inconvenient , that he was forced to read stories of Christ and eventually decided to devote his life to God .
That led him to one day found Society of Jesus , what most of us know as Jesuits .
You may know them from their statues of a guy giving the finger to a cannonball .
I have to say , issuing two statements defending people calling for the assassination of your opponent is , well , beyond erratic .
It enters senility territory , because honestly , no one could be that big an a -hole as to defend assassination talk .
I ’m not even going to post the McCain campaign statements , you can Google them .
But they just issued two , defending their supporters who have called for Obama to be killed .
That ’s pretty sick , even for the “ new , ” angrier than ever John McCain .
If Mr. Paulson and Ben S. Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , did n’t see this train coming , what else have they missed ?
What other freight train is barreling down the track at us ?
All of this would be bad enough .
But by far the most terrifying item I read in my morning paper last week was this : Mr. Paulson demanded that Congress forbid judicial review of his decisions on use of the money in the mortgage bailout .
This would amount to an abrogation of the Constitution .
Not only would his decisions be sacrosanct and above the law , but so would the actions of his pals in the banking world in connection with this bailout .
The people whose conduct got us into this catastrophe have not only taken our money , hopes and peace of mind , but they apparently also want a trillion or so more dollars to put into their Wall Street Buddy System Fund .
This may be the most dangerous attack on the law in my lifetime .
What anarchists even dared consider this plan ?
Thank heaven that minds more devoted to the Constitution on Capitol Hill are questioning this shocking request .
By the way , if we are actually thinking about tossing the Constitution out the window , why not simply annul these credit - default swap contracts ?
With that done , the incomprehensibly large liability of the banks would cease , and we would n’t need this staggering bailout .
Should n’t we consider making the speculators pay some of the price ?
WE have survived housing - price corrections before .
Why is this one causing so much anguish ?
It must be the side bets , the credit - default swap bets , multiplying the effect of the housing downturn many times over .
Maybe we should just get rid of these exotic bets and start again without them .
“ Insurance ” on market moves is always a bad idea , because it does not tamp down market disruptions but instead greatly magnifies them  as in the disastrous effect of “ portfolio insurance ” in the 1987 crash .
Then there was Mr. Paulson ’s insistence that there be no compensation caps for executives of companies being bailed out by the factory workers , the farmers , the schoolteachers and the medical doctors .
He told a skeptical Congress on Tuesday that if these caps were put into place , bank executives simply would n’t participate in the bailout or sell us suckers their debts .
Fine with me .
If the banks are in good enough shape so that petulant executives can simply opt out rather than live on a few million a year , maybe we do n’t need the bailout at all .
Maybe we would be better off if those executives simply bailed out and were replaced by people with more sense and more patriotism .
