Firefox 3.0 is not quite a year old , but users are already clamoring for Firefox 3.5 .
So where is it , and what is it all about ?
In an interview at the Mozilla Toronto office , Mike Belzner , director of Firefox and the person responsible for Firefox releases , explained what is going on with the Firefox 3.5 release process and how Mozilla has improved since the 3.0 release last year .
In a nutshell , Mozilla developers are now building better software faster than ever .
" We managed to develop Firefox 3.5 in 12 months ; compare that to the development cycle on Firefox 3 , which was two and a half years , " Beltzner told InternetNews.com .
" The amount of improvement that we 've been able to put into the platform and the speed we 've been able to execute as a distributed open source engineering organization is something we consider to be one of the better accomplishments of Firefox 3.5 . "
There are good reasons why users are already eager for the next version of Firefox .
For one , in 2008 , Mozilla had planned for a 3.1 release to be issued within six months of the Firefox 3 release .
The 3.1 release had its first Alpha release last summer , went through three betas , then was renamed Firefox 3.5 for the beta 4 release .
A final release of Firefox 3.5 could be out by the end of the month .
We 're still waiting .
During the cold weather last winter , Gerald Warner , Peter Mullen and a host of other climate change deniers lined up to suggest that there must be something wrong with global warming theory , because some snow had fallen in Britain .
Clearly they possessed the mystical ability to divine a long - running global climate trend from a single regional weather event .
This clairvoyance could be very useful to climate researchers , so I hoped they would continue to favour us with their insights .
But , to general wailing and gnashing of teeth , they appear suddenly to have abandoned us .
Where are these oracles , now that we need to consult them about the current weather event ?
If a single cold snap in the UK persuades them that global warming is n't happening , then a single heatwave in the same place must surely convince them that it is .
Logic would dictate that the world must now be destined for a century of heating – until the next cold snap , whereupon it is obviously destined once more for a century of cooling .
It would be sacrilege to accuse these seers of inconsistency , so it can be only a matter of time before they issue their revised assessment of global climate trends .
I understand that , pending their pronouncement , Nasa and the Met Office have put their research programmes on hold .
Please do n't keep us waiting too long .
monbiot.com
" For such a little person , " said Perez Hilton , " Danny DeVito knows how to pack a six - pack away ! "
On the set of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia on Tuesday morning , the 64 - year - old actor drank his way through a live interview with a local Philadelphia reporter , and the results were " completely and ridiculously inappropriate — which is just how we like it ! " ( watch the Danny DeVito interview )
For being " drunk at 8 a.m. , " said Bunny With Fangs , DeVito managed to accomplish a lot in a short period of time .
" He talks about childbirth , hits on the reporter , and embarrasses his posse of people all in , like , three minutes " — this interview was " epic . "
This is n't the first time Danny DeVito 's appeared tipsy on morning TV , said Tim Surette in TV.com .
" DeVito also famously appeared under the influence on an episode of The View . " ( watch )
At least during his latest display , his Sunny cast mates were there to attempt some " damage control , but once the beast is out of the cage , all they can really do is watch him do his thing . "
DeVito 's rep insists that the whole thing was an act , said Radar Online .
But considering DeVito 's record with public drunkenness , and the fact the he has his very own brand of limoncello , you have to wonder .
But either way , his interview in Philadelphia on Tuesday was highly entertaining .
09/16
New Legislation To Extend Medicare Coverage for Dietitian Visits
Dietitians and doctors say a new federal bill to extend Medicare coverage for nutritional therapy provided by a registered dietitian would provide better healthcare for Americans with celiac disease .
The baby stoat which nearly drowned was suffering from hypothermia
A water company worker saved a baby stoat found drowning in a water butt by giving the stricken animal a heart massage , the RSPCA said .
The creature was found barely alive with another stoat in Marham on Friday 29 May .
The animals were taken to RSPCA East Winch Wildlife Centre suffering from shock and dehydration .
Staff said they would shortly be ready for release .
The stoat which nearly drowned was also suffering from hypothermia .
' Almost certain death '
Staff at the centre worked to get them warm and give them fluids .
RSPCA East Winch Wildlife Centre manager Alison Charles said : " When the stoats came in they were lethargic and weak .
" I am very pleased that they are well on the way to recovery now .
" Although we would not recommend someone trying to do CPR on a wild animal , their rescuer saved them from almost certain death and did a great job of helping them to survive . "
The centre is one of three wildlife centres run by the RSPCA in England .
It works to rehabilitate sick , injured and orphaned wild animals and birds before releasing them back into the wild .
I 'd haz a happee too If I had sum pancaeks ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
During October 2007 , the popular BitTorrent tracker OiNK was shut down in a joint effort by Dutch and British law enforcement .
Four users of the popular BitTorrent tracker have already been sentenced to community service , fines and payment of court costs , but the trial of admin Alan Ellis has now been moved to 2010 .
Possibly due to a press blackout , details on the proceedings in the court cases against the OiNK users and admin have been very thin on the ground .
Earlier this year we managed to discover that four people who shared music via the tracker barely escaped with their freedom .
The individuals were charged with copyright infringement and sentenced to fines and community service , rather than custodial sentences the prosecution had been pushing for .
Steven Diprose was sentenced to 180 hours community service , and ordered to pay £ 378 in Court costs .
Michael Myers was told to pay a £ 500 fine .
Mark Tugwell has to undertake 100 hours community service and pay £ 378 Court costs .
The fourth uploader , James Garner was sentenced to 50 hours community service and also has to pay £ 378 Court costs .
What remains are the cases against one other uploader and Alan Ellis , the administrator of OiNK .
Unlike other file - sharing related cases , the charges against Ellis are not related to copyright offenses .
Instead , he has been charged with “ conspiracy to defraud ” .
Ellis ’ case was scheduled to be heard today at the Teesside Crown Court , but the session did n’t last long as the trial was postponed till January 2010 .
Due to the press blackout , Torrent Freak was unable to find out whether a reason has been given for the delay .
The OiNK shutdown was an international operation .
Codenamed “ Operation Ark Royal ” , it involved co-ordinated action by both British and Dutch police forces .
IFPI and the BPI , two well known anti-piracy organizations , allegedly assisted in gathering the ‘ evidence ’ that led to the arrests .
The tracker – which served some 180,000 users including NiN frontman Trent Reznor – was shut down but several replacements took over including Waffles.fm and What.cd .
The latter developed a community of nearly 100,000 members and recently celebrated the upload of the 500,000th torrent .
Investigative Strike Teams
Journalists get mad at bloggers : “ Without real reporting , they ’d have nothing to comment on ! ”
Bloggers get mad at journalists : “ There ’s a reason nobody reads newspapers anymore .
They ’re dry and dull and wrong . ”
But the gap is shrinking : bloggers are doing more real reporting , journalists are getting more humanized ( with all the digressions , opinions , and biases that entails ) .
So what if you paired an investigative reporter with a blogger ?
Reporters did n’t used to write their own stories .
( Why would a good investigator be a good writer ? )
The reporter would be out in the field , knocking on doors and taking notes , which they ’d hand to a writer at a desk , who would turn them into a coherent , vivid story .
( Newsweek still operates this way . )
Replace the writer with a blogger .
They ’d post the story as it unfolded , capturing the excitement of discovery : the big breaks , the wrong turns , the moment when it all comes together .
Like any talented blogger , they ’d keep people coming back :
What happens next ?
I want to know more !
They ’d keep up a conversation with readers and other bloggers , sharing new leads with the reporter .
It ’d be a powerful duo .
But blogging is n’t everything .
You also want to recap the story so far : for those just tuning in , here are the characters , here ’s what ’s happened , here ’s why it ’s important .
Keep a summary article alongside the blog and update it in tandem .
It would lay out the whole story in one place , with links to particular posts or source documents for more information .
That way everyone can always get an overview of the bigger picture — including the reporters .
You ’ll also want a tech person around to help out .
Many stories involve databases ; you need someone to work with the reporter to parse and process the data , then work with the blogger to put the results online .
And there are plenty of other times where a small program or some tech knowledge comes in handy .
And you ’ll need a lawyer on staff .
Getting information is n’t easy .
You ’ll need someone who can file FOIA lawsuits and respond to legal threats .
Maybe you can even file lawsuits against corporate malefactors and obtain documents in discovery .
Then work with pro bono lawyers or public interest law firms to win the lawsuit in its own right .
Lawsuits are needed because modern investigations ca n’t stop at publication .
If there was an era when a front page Times story could stop a scandal , that era is over .
Ending abuses requires action .
This makes traditional journalists uncomfortable .
They see their job as reporting the facts , not changing them .
We may always need the detached journalist interested only in The Truth , but there ’s room for more .
Just as journalism needs to become more humanized , it needs to become more activist .
Journalists uncover outrageous things , which gets people outraged , but they seem to think channeling that outrage into something productive is someone else ’s responsibility .
Instead , a good investigative team needs a political organizer .
They can build an email list of people who get outraged by their reporting and use it , along with blogs and the lists of other political groups , to put pressure on the bad guys , fundraise for further journalism , and collect a team of volunteers .
The volunteers can help with aspects of the reporting — a modern investigation can get much further by crowdsourcing certain tricky aspects and depending on talented volunteers for particular tasks .
A good political organizer knows how to get and manage volunteers .
But to make your organizing maximally effective , you ’ll need ( gasp ! ) a lobbyist .
They ’ll meet with representatives to encourage them to hold hearings based on stories you ’re working on , where they can subpoena documents and testimony .
They ’ll ask representatives to introduce bills to address the abuses you ’ve uncovered and work with them on legislative strategy to get those bills passed .
And they ’ll team up with the political organizer to get constituents writing to their representatives in favor of these bills .
The only way to get good at something is deliberate practice : trying various things and seeing how they work .
But when it comes to making change , that ’s very hard to do .
Change requires so many people and takes so long that it ’s almost impossible to say for sure that your doing X helped accomplish Y .
Which means that it becomes very easy to fool yourself into thinking you ’re more effective than you are .
But if you have one team — some reporters , a blogger / writer , a techie , a lawyer , an organizer , and a lobbyist — together , they form an investigative strike team : uncovering corruption , exposing it , and effecting change .
They can watch the whole process unfold from a reporter ’s suspicion to a writer ’s story to a legislative fix .
And they can get better at it .
It ’d be a powerful combination .
That ’s the kind of future - of - news that I want to see .
You should follow me on twitter here .
April 28 , 2009
Safety in Numbers :
It ’s Happening in NYC
The city ’s expanding bike network is paying dividends — boosting the level of cycling and making streets safer in the process .
Snagged from the latest issue of TA ’s StreetBeat , this graph is a great illustration of the " safety in numbers " effect identified by researcher Peter Jacobsen in a landmark 2003 paper published in Injury Prevention .
The stats in New York reinforce Jacobsen ’s body of evidence that the more bicyclists and pedestrians are out on the street , the safer biking and walking become .
" Safety in numbers " also explains why the U.S. has such a high rate
of cyclist injuries and fatalities compared to countries like the
Netherlands and Denmark , where biking is much more common .
And it ’s pretty much Exhibit A when it comes to proving the folly of " safety campaigns " like the one currently underway in Savannah , which Sarah wrote about in her post today .
Fine pedestrians or otherwise discourage walking , and you only make streets less safe .
The project aims to catalogue local species of flora and fauna A virtual book of all life on Earth is being created by UK and US scientists .
The online reference work will create a detailed world map of flora and fauna and track changes in biodiversity .
The database , dubbed a " macroscopic observatory " , will be populated with data about local species gathered by members of the public .
Early elements of the giant database , such as automatic species identification systems , are already under construction .
Field guide
Over time the database will log shifts in species and other data such as changes in the density of forests and when plants first flower .
The backers of the idea hope that the vast , virtual book of life will eventually be comparable to the global system used to watch for and record earthquakes .
The ongoing project will constantly gather data so it can plot information about the range and abundance of plants and animals as worldwide temperature and rainfall patterns shift in response to climate change .
Details held on the database will include everything from gross anatomical details down to individual genes .
" We are creating a virtual observatory for world biodiversity , where environmental observations , specimen data , experimental results , and sophisticated modelling can be done across all levels of biodiversity - from genes to ecosystems , " said James Edwards , executive director of the Encyclopedia of Life , in a statement .
The Encyclopedia , based at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC , and the London 's Natural History Museum are the key backers of the project .
The push to create the observatory was unveiled at the e-Biosphere 09 conference held from 1 - 3 June in London .
As well as logging long - term changes brought about by climate change , the creators of the online observatory hope it will bring more tangible benefits .
It could give early warnings about invasive species or , for example , give insights into the timing , altitude and route of bird migrations in ways that could reduce bird strike numbers on aircraft .
The observatory would also serve as a hi-tech field guide for anyone who wanted to identify animals , insects , trees or flowers they found while on holiday or near their home .
Within 10 years , expect its backers , all aspects of the database will be available .
Some parts of the system , such as images of species , maps of the seas and gene sequences to help with DNA barcoding , are already in use .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aviation investigators , running out of time to find the " black boxes " with key information on the crash of Air France Flight 447 , suspect a rapid chain of computer and equipment malfunctions stripped the crew of automation today 's pilots typically rely on to control a big jetliner .
An international team of experts is building a scenario in which it believes a cascade of system failures , seemingly beginning with malfunctioning airspeed sensors , rapidly progressed to what appeared to be sweeping computer outages , according to ...
I am fully aware that my arguments will have no persuasiveness on those who do not accept the idea of absolute individual rights .
They are not my target audience .
The question is pretty simple : is your body your own ?
Do you have full right to use or abuse it ?
Is it up to you how you treat your body ?
Or does it belong to society ?
Or god ?
If your body is your own , and you have absolute right to use it in any way you wish , so long as you do n’t violate the rights of others , then some things are immediately apparent .
For one , suicide is your right .
You can kill yourself how and when you want to , so long as you do n’t violate the rights of others .
Also , taking a variety of drugs is your right , so long as you do n’t violate the rights of others .
And , perhaps it is clear to you , if smoking cigarettes is a right , then selling cigarettes is a right , and , so long as you do n’t lie , advertising cigarettes is a right ( freedom of speech ) .
Now , someone might say , “ but suicide hurts your family and friends . ”
They are muddying the issue .
Yes , it might cause them emotional distress , but freedom from emotional distress is not a right , and a claim of emotional distress does not give us the authority to restrict the actions of others .
After all , might it not be emotionally distressing to my enemies when I do n’t kill myself ?
With smoking , or other drugs , there are a few arguments you will often hear : smokers harm people with second hand smoke , smokers set bad examples which causes people to take up smoking , smokers use more socialized medicine resources , drug users might get into car accidents , drug users might go crazy and hurt people .
Let ’s take them one at a time :
Regarding second hand smoke , while I think the dangers are overstated , this is not the issue .
The issue is , where is the second hand smoke being breathed in ?
Is it in a privately owned bar or restaurant ?
If so , the owner has the right to allow it on his property , since people who do n’t wish to breath in second hand smoke are not obligated to enter his property .
Selling something on your property does not invalidate the fact that it is privately owned , and that the owners may allow fumes of various sorts inside .
For particularly dangerous fumes , I can understand requiring a sign posting outside warning would be customers before entering .
Now , as for setting a bad example , it ’s a fine point , except that I have the right to set a bad example .
If the bad example argument were applied to all aspects of our lives , you would have no liberty at all .
There would need to be a specific standard of “ good example ” and we would have to live up to it .
However , I am a semi - free individual , and I have the right ( moral right , not legal ) to set bad examples , and if people choose to imitate me , that is their responsibility .
In short :
It ’s not up to me to raise your kids .
How about using socialized medicine ?
Ah , here we see the horror , not of smoking ( which has plenty of horrors ) , but of socialization : by spreading the responsibility of one ’s actions to the collective , you prompt the collective to limit your actions to those which are not demanding of collective resources .
Rights and responsibility go hand in hand .
When you take away one , you lose the other ( though people without rights can unfairly be held responsible ) .
Here , we see that by removing responsibility from individuals , we are lead to the conclusion that we must take away their rights ( by taking away responsibility for the care of the individual ’s body , we must also limit the individual ’s rights to control over his body ) .
But this is only one of the conclusions you could reach .
The other , less horrid conclusion , the one which is n’t easily destroyed by reductio ad absurdum is : de-socialize medicine !
If socialized medicine leads to the violation of rights , then do n’t socialize medicine .
Now , drug users getting into car accidents are a problem .
Solution : make it illegal to do activities that are considered dangerous ( enough ) to other people , like drinking and driving , or being sober and firing bullets into a crowd .
Problem solved .
And drugs that make people go insane and kill - crazy ?
Well , if there are such drugs , they should be disallowed under any circumstance where others could reasonably get hurt .
Maybe you could allow the use of such drugs in special padded wall cells which are rented out by the users .
Now , what do you call a human whose body is owned by another person ( or group of people ) ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
For now , folks living in New York can watch the soap opera playing out in California from a comfortable , continent - sized distance .
But after that drama plays out , New York is next .
Smart Money : Right now , at least 47 states are facing significant shortfalls in their 2009 and / or 2010 budgets , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a think tank in Washington , D.C.
And many of those states are looking to tax hikes to help fill the gaps .
“ Pretty much everyone is doing poorly , ” says Kim Rueben , senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center .
“ It ’s just a question of who ’s hurting more than others . ”
The top honor goes to California , which is projecting that it will fall about $ 25 billion short come fiscal 2010 .
Taking second place is New York with a projected $ 17.6 billion deficit for fiscal 2010 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures , a bipartisan policy research organization in Washington , D.C .
This can't be a surprise to anyone .
New York is like California .
It 's highly exposed to some of the worst areas of the economy .
It 's got a huge government apparatus , and its political system is something of a joke ( see : The New York State Senate ) .
Thank god for New Yorkers that there is n't a referendum system here , or the state would 've gone bust years ago .
New York should be hoping for a California bailout , since that 's their fate , too .
You can read more from the think tank here .
State Budgets
Researchers at the University of Delaware have discovered a new reason why the tall , tasseled reed Phragmites australis is one of the most invasive plants in the United States .
The UD research team found that Phragmites delivers a one - two chemical knock - out punch to snuff out its victims , and the poison becomes even more toxic in the presence of the sun 's ultraviolet rays .
The study , which is published in the June issue of the scientific journal Plant Signaling & Behavior , is believed to be the first to report the effects of UV - B radiation on plant allelopathy , the production of toxins by a plant to ward off encroachment by neighboring plants .
The authors include Thimmaraju Rudrappa , a former postdoctoral researcher at UD who is now a research scientist at the DuPont Company ; Harsh Bais , assistant professor of plant and soil sciences ; Yong Seok Choi , postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Chemical Engineering ; Delphis Levia and David R. Legates , both associate professors in the Department of Geography ; and Kelvin Lee , Gore Professor of Engineering and director of the Delaware Biotechnology Institute .
The research was conducted in Delaware wetlands and in Bais 's lab at the Delaware Biotechnology Institute , a major center for life sciences research at the University of Delaware .
“ The toxin secreted by Phragmites is degraded by sunlight -- ultraviolet rays -- and causes severe deleterious effects on other native plants , ” Bais said .
advertisement
“ Our research also addresses the growing questions of increased UV - B incidences because of global warming and its ultimate effect on plants .
In this case , an invasive plant is accidentally utilizing the changed global conditions for its survival and invasion , ” Bais noted .
Two years ago , Bais led a study which discovered that Phragmites actively secretes gallic acid to kill off plants and take over new turf .
Gallic acid , also known as 3,4,5 - trihydroxybenzoic acid , is used for tanning leather , making dyes and inks , and formulating astringents , among other applications .
In this research , the scientists found that the gallic acid released by Phragmites is degraded by ultraviolet light to produce another toxin , mesoxalic acid , effectively hitting susceptible plants and seedlings with a double - whammy .
The mesoxalic acid triggers a similar “ cellular death cascade ” in victim plants as gallic acid does , Bais said , destroying the tubulin and actin , the structural protein in the roots , within minutes of exposure .
The scientific team detected the biological concentrations of mesoxalic acid in Delaware wetlands , in stands of both exotic and native Phragmites australis .
The study highlights the persistence of the photo - degraded phytotoxin , particularly potent in the exotic species of the plant , and its enhanced effects against the native species of Phragmites , which is becoming increasingly endangered in the United States .
Walnut trees , pine trees , ferns and sunflowers are among the plants that release harmful chemicals to prevent other plants from growing too close to them .
However , Phragmites uses this strategy not so much to keep other plants away , but to aggressively conquer them and invade new territory , Bais said .
Funding for the project was provided by the University of Delaware Research Foundation .
How blind and deaf people approach a cognitive test regarded as a milestone in human development has provided clues to how we deduce what others are thinking .
Understanding another person ’s perspective , and realising that it can differ from our own , is known as theory of mind .
It underpins empathy , communication and the ability to deceive – all of which we take for granted .
Although our theory of mind is more developed than it is in other animals , we do n’t acquire it until around age four , and how it develops is a mystery .
You can test for theory of mind via the false - belief test , in which two children are shown playing .
One puts a toy under the bed and leaves the room .
The second then removes it and puts it in the toy box .
On returning , where will the older child look for the toy ?
Those under the age of four choose the box , while older children correctly say under the bed .
Where does this leap in understanding come from ?
According to one hypothesis , children gradually deduce that other people have internal experiences that are different from their own by observing the facial expressions and gestures of others over time .
Advertisement
Blind alley
To test this idea , neuroscientist Rebecca Saxe at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and colleagues scanned the brains of 10 congenitally blind adults as they answered questions about the beliefs of people described to them .
While most blind adults develop a mature theory of mind , it was n’t clear whether they used the same parts of their brain as sighted people do to reason about the mental states of others .
Saxe ’s team showed that the same brain regions were indeed activated in the blind adults as in 22 sighted volunteers .
They conclude that the way the brain reasons about the beliefs of others does not depend on visual observations .
New language
Another suggestion is that theory of mind comes from our ability to use language , which allows children to listen to people talking about their beliefs and emotions .
This is backed up by the fact that language fluency and the ability to pass the false belief test emerge at around the same age .
However , previous studies have not teased apart whether language makes understanding false beliefs easier , or is a “ necessary prerequisite ” , says Jennie Pyers , a psychologist at Wellesley College in Massachusetts .
A community of deaf people in Nicaragua , who only developed a sign language in the 1970s , provided Pyers ’s team with a unique opportunity to compare two sets of people with very different levels of language ability : the first generation of signers , who created the rudimentary sign language , and adolescent signers who had worked out a more complex system of signs .
Language key
Pyers ’s team showed both groups videos of false belief tests and asked them to answer by pointing at one of two images .
The adolescent signers were more likely to show an understanding of false belief than the older generation .
What ’s more , adults who later learned the more complex language from the youngsters got better at the false belief tests .
The researchers say this suggests that language may be the key to passing the false belief test .
“ Hearing language is particularly important for understanding others , while other kinds of experience , such as the visual modality , are less important , ” says Alison Gopnik , a cognitive psychologist at the University of California , Berkeley .
Journal references : Saxe : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0900010106
Pyers : Psychological Science , DOI : 10.1111/j.1467-9280.2009.02377.x
Via Dmitry Podolsky , a series of YouTube videos from Stanford encompassing an entire course by Lenny Susskind on general relativity .
I did n't look closely enough to figure out exactly what level the lectures are pitched at , but it looks like a fairly standard advanced - undergrad or beginning - grad introduction to the subject .
( For which I could recommend an excellent textbook , if you 're interested . )
This is the first lecture ; there are more .
It 's fantastic that Stanford is giving this away .
I do n't worry that it will replace the conventional university .
The right distinction is not " people who would physically go to the lectures " vs. " people who will just watch the videos " ; it 's between " people who can watch the videos " and " people who have no access to lectures like this . "
And Susskind is a great lecturer .
HONG KONG , China ( CNN ) --
If you like to search for " music lyrics " or " free " things , you are engaging in risky cyber behavior .
And " free music downloads " puts 20 percent of Web surfers in harm 's way of malicious software , known as " malware . "
Searches for words such as " free , " " music " and " download " put users at increased risk for malicious software .
A new research report by U.S. - based antivirus software company McAfee has identified the most dangerous Internet search words that place users on pages with a higher likelihood of cyber attacks .
The study examined 2,600 popular keywords on five major search engines -- Google , Yahoo , Live , AOL and Ask -- and analyzed 413,000 Web pages .
" Just in the past year , we 've seen a pretty dramatic shift in what we call malware , " David DeWalt , president and CEO of McAfee , told Richard Quest for CNN International 's " Quest Means Business . "
Watch Quest interview with McAfee boss »
" It went from a hacker in a basement , to organized cybercrime to now , literally , terrorism and other forms of organized geopolitical attacks , " he said .
Categories that had the highest risk of run-ins with malware : screen savers , free games , work from home , Olympics , videos , celebrities , music and news .
Riskiest terms : word unscrambler , lyrics , myspace , free music downloads , phelps , game cheats , printable fill - in puzzles , free ringtones and solitaire .
The study shows how cyber criminals are increasing in sophistication .
" We can have massive outages with a hacker in the basement .
We saw that recently with the ' Twitter worm , ' a 17 - year - old in his basement basically perpetrated tens of millions of ( computer ) outages .
Or , we can see an organized attack bringing down infrastructure , " DeWalt said .
Antivirus software companies lag behind the latest developments by cyber criminals , he said .
" We 've been way behind , that 's true for the entire world , the global infrastructure of the Internet has grown dramatically -- 50 percent of the world 's PCs are unprotected , " DeWalt said .
Despite the increased risk , DeWalt does n't believe there will be a " cyber Armageddon " causing widespread destruction of computers and Internet infrastructure .
" Last week , you saw President Obama in the United States talk about a major cyber - security initiative sponsored by the government , other governments are sponsoring this as well , " DeWalt said .
" I think we 're learning this can happen , and if we get ahead of it , we can prevent it . "
You 're looking at the the star fort of Bourtange in the Netherlands .
It sure looks fantastic , but there 's a wily logic behind building a fort in such a shape .
Turns out , a circular fortification of the medieval era was vulnerable to cannon fire .
All the crazy angles and moats surrounding the star - shaped fort was made it easier to defend .
There 's no danger of an invading horde today , but these star - shaped formations are so darned picturesque that I wish they 'd build more of these instead of ho - hum suburbs and strip malls .
If you like the Bourtange fort above , check out this article written by one of our favorite bloggers , Shaun Usher ( better known as deputy dog ) .
He has compiled 6 communities with intriguing bird 's eye shapes as can be seen on Google Maps .
He even turned the caps on for us : Link - Thanks Dave !
I thought is was a good idea to add a page on the site about the core philosophy I have about being survival minded and modern survivalism .
My hope is that individuals from those areas will enjoy this site but that the “ average Joe ” and the “ average Jane ” will also get a great deal from my site and podcast as well .
The core of my philosophy about being prepared , life style planning , self sufficiency and energy independence can be summed up with in the following 10 core values …
1. Everything you do to “ prepare ” for emergencies , disasters or economic turmoil should be blended into your life in a way that improves your life even if nothing disastrous ever occurs .
2 . Debt is financial cancer !
Minimize it , pay it off early and stay away from credit cards .
3 . Growing your own food is for everyone not just people that want “ organic ” fruit and vegetables .
To produce your own food , even as little as 10 % of what you use reduces your dependence on “ the system ” .
If nothing else gardening is good for your emotional and physical health and increases the value of any property .
4 . Tax is theft , the best way to combat it is to understand every legal deduction you can take or create .
In general I think “ the system ” is bad but when it comes to taxation either learn the system or hire a damn good accountant to work it for you .
Every dollar you keep can be used to improve your self sufficiency , every dollar taken from you can be used to make your dependence on the government stronger .
5 . Food stored is an exceptional investment .
Food is increasing in cost faster than just about any investment right now and certainly faster than the rate of inflation .
You simply can’t lose by storing additional food that you use on a regular basis .
6 . Plan for disaster in the following order of priority – Personal - Localized - Regional - State - National - Global .
Despite the real possibility of a true economic melt down or catastrophic terrorist attack or some other major global disaster the most probable “ disaster ” for any individual is personal .
Loss of a job , loss of a family member , a fire or localized weather event are the most probable threats to impact any individual .
So plan and prepare for those first , then continue to build going forward .
7 . Renewable energy is great if you do it in a way that saves you money ( short or long term ) but your solar panels are not going to save the planet .
If you want to promote solar , wind , hydro , etc . the best way is to develop it in a more cost effective manner .
Fuel efficient vehicles are also great .
I personally drive a 2006 Jetta TDI diesel that puts many hybrids to shame at 44 MPG !
That ’s doing 80 MPH on average by the way .
I bought it because it was affordable , well built and incredibly engineered and cost me a lot less to run even with diesel being a lot more expensive than gas .
The lesson is that the best way to promote “ green energy ” is via economics .
8 . Owning land is true wealth .
I advise people to strive to own land in the country where taxes are low and restrictions are limited .
Even if you live in the city finding , buying and improving land within 3 - 5 hours of your primary residence makes a lot of sense .
If you can use it to get out of the city at some point so much the better .
9 . In addition to food , water and other common survival stores use common sense methods of hedging against “ disaster ” .
Pragmatic things like , cash emergency funds , good insurance and secondary income streams are not just for people in “ the system ” .
These types of protection can make you life a lot less miserable when something goes wrong .
Make them part of your planning .
10 .
Your personal philosophy is more important for you than mine !
You are the master of your own life and if you do n’t agree with my views , great , define , understand and implement your own .
The biggest thing you can do is understand that you are in control of your life and that what you do matters .
Those two factors have the greatest impact on individual survival across every demographic you can imagine .
Call me Delores , says MI5 whistleblower David Shayler
Former spy David Shayler now dresses as a transvestite with the name Delores Kane and thinks he is Christ who ' was a transvestite '
A little over a decade ago David Shayler was a renegade MI5 agent turned whistleblower who was facing prosecution under the Official Secrets Act .
Today the 43 - year - old has become a squatter - and yesterday showed off his ' alter ego ' as he dressed as a transvestite complete with false breasts , mini-skirt and ginger wig .
In recent weeks friends and family of the former spy believe he has suffered a ' severe breakdown ' after first calling himself ' The Messiah ' and moving into an empty farmhouse in the Surrey countryside .
He now sees nothing wrong in dressing as a woman whom he calls ' Delores Kane ' and declares that the ' world will end in 2012 ' .
Last night his former partner and fellow spy Annie Machon spoke of her sadness at Mr Shayler 's plight as she maintained he had suffered a breakdown .
Miss Machon , 40 , who now lives in Dusseldorf , Germany , with her new partner blamed the Government and the intelligence services for causing Mr Shayler 's current condition .
' I believe David is a good and honourable man but he has had a some sort of severe breakdown .
He was a great public speaker and now he is like this .
' I do blame the Government and the intelligence agencies for what he has become and they have ruined his life . '
Meanwhile , Mr Shayler spoke of his new life with eight other squatters with whom he moved into Hackhurst Farm in Abinger Hammer , near Dorking , Surrey at the end of June .
' I know in my heart that I am Christ and I am here to save humanity , ' he began .
' I am here to show humanity the way and to show unconditional love and that includes murderers and pederasts . '
Delores , formerly secret agent David Shayler , strikes a pose alongside fellow squatters , from left , Rabbit , Serg Matthews and Chris Owen
With a mug of tea and seated in a plastic garden chair in the front room , Delores enjoys some time out with fellow squatter Chris Owen
Pederasts are described as men who enjoy having sex with young boys .
The troubled Shayler then revealed how he now often dresses in women 's clothing and claimed it was ' part of the prophecy ' because ' Jesus was a transvestite ' , adding :
' It was important to have feminine attributes and the people I live with do n't mind at all . '
Posing in a wig and leopard print mini-skirt and wearing false breasts beneath a black jumper he proclaimed : ' This is my Alter ego - I am Delores Kane ! '
Shayler says he is on a ' mission ' to save the world and this would happen through his growing of hemp , adding : ' We have a plan to save the world in four months by growing hemp .
If we all started growing this plant we could be free , which is why they have made it illegal to stop people gaining freedom . '
Decked out in leopard - print mini skirt and high heels , Delores pouts for the camera
Mr Shayler moved to Hackhurst Farm after being evicted from Tyting Farm , near St Marthas Hill in Guildford .
He has been living with a group who call themselves the ' Rainbow Movement . '
' I object to the term squatter , ' he said last night .
' People do n't have to pay for mortgages , tax or pay for parking tickets - these are contracts the government and banks are trying to force us into with our signatures . '
Shayler , pictured with now ex-partner Annie Machon in 2003 , gained notoriety after being prosecuted under the Official Secrets
Act for passing on secret documents
David looking out over the Thames , pictured back when he'd left MI5 and made various claims about the secret service 's activities
' The government is imposing laws on us without our consent - the government cannot enforce laws onto us without our consent .
' It is our common law right to be here .
When we arrived here there was no one here and the buildings were falling to rack and ruin .
' We are saving this building . '
In recent years Mr Shayler has stated that the that the 9/11 attacks were carried out by the American government .
He appears to mirror the thoughts of former sports presenter David Icke who once claimed 9/11 was arranged by the ' Global Elite ' and that George Bush , the Queen and singers Kris Kristofferson and Boxcar Willie were ' Reptilian figures . '
Shayler spoke with genuine sadness about the ending of his relationship with fellow spy Annie Machon when he said :
' One of the hardest things about leaving my other life was leaving the love of my life Annie .
' She stuck with me through everything and we spent some intense times together .
But she soon realised that my spirit was devoted to God and God only .
It was the hardest thing to give up .... but I am Jesus Christ and I now rule everything .
' Since I 've joined the Rainbow Movement I 've never looked back .
' My life is so much better now . '
Last night Miss Machon - who split from Mr Shayler in December 2006 - blamed others for his desperate plight , saying :
' He was imprisoned twice - in France and in this country - for being a whistelblower and this is what has happened to him now .
' I hope for his own sake he can find happiness in some way . '
Shares
James Randi , perhaps better known as “ The Amazing Randi ” has spent most of his life performing magic shows .
In 1996 he created the James Randi Educational Foundation ( JREF ) designed to expose the fraudulent claims made by psychics , faith healers , and snake oil salesmen .
The ultimate goal of the JREF is to create a new generation of critical thinkers – people who will not be hoodwinked by the aforementioned hucksters .
I had the good fortune of interviewing Mr. Randi briefly at the recent conference known as “ The Amazing Meeting . ”
I was eager to pick his brain about human behavior and magical thinking .
This is what I learned …
Randi identified certain groups of people who seem to be more susceptible to magical thinking and / or belief in the paranormal .
According to him , the top two are :
1. News reporters .
Although at first I was n’t sure if Randi meant that reporters like a good story versus they believe a good story – he told me that in his experience , they were some of the most gullible people on earth .
In fact , they were more interested in implausible stories than true ones – and Randi said that the more fantastical his explanation for phenomena , the more likely they were to believe it and write about it .
2. Academics .
This surprised me since I assumed that this group would actually be less susceptible .
Randi suggested that they are more likely to be taken in because they are single - minded about phenomena .
They are over confident in their ability to understand how things work , and when something cannot be explained in their framework , they ’re willing to attribute it to the paranormal .
Who are the least susceptible ?
Children .
Why ?
Because they are simple thinkers , and harder to distract .
The art of magic is in distraction of the sophisticated mind .
Children tend to be very concrete , so they do n’t expect things to happen with hand - waving and flourishes .
They keep their eye on the coin ( or other item being transferred from hand to hand ) , and are more likely to know where it is at all times .
To wrap up our short interview , I asked Randi if he could explain why people believe in magic , fantasy , and the paranormal ?
He responded plainly :
Ultimately it ’s not about intelligence or lack thereof .
It ’s about people not wanting to accept that life is random , suffering is inevitable , and there is no good reason for bad things happening .
What do you make of Randi ’s observations ?
FRANKFURT --
The European Central Bank pumped a record € 442 billion ( $ 622 billion ) into euro - zone money markets Wednesday in its first - ever offer of one - year funds as it battles the Continent 's recession .
Euro - zone banks borrowed the one - year funds , the largest amount the central bank has ever dispersed in a single shot , at the ECB 's current key rate of 1 % .
Much of the total likely substituted for amounts banks had been borrowing from the ECB for shorter periods , so the net stimulus to the economy is less than it appears ...
The last 50 odd years have seen the introduction of some of the most life - changing inventions ever created .
Some of them , like the Internet , the iPod , or the fleshlight , are so useful or cool that they become an inescapable part of our daily lives .
Others , well , not so much .
And no amount of hype could save them .
6 The Video Phone
How It Was Supposed To Change The World :
As early as 1910 , people were imagining a wonderful future where they could see the person they were talking to miles away while still being able to enjoy the privacy of being pantless off screen .
Videophones were standard future tech in science fiction ( hell , imagine Star Trek without the bad guy threatening the crew on the giant wide screen monitor that apparently works with all alien camera technology ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So companies have been tinkering with videophone systems for decades , and AT&T had an easy to use prototype up and running by the 60s .
By 1970 , the picture phone was available for use in New York , Washington , Chicago and Pittsburgh .
Major companies like Westinghouse had units installed in their corporate headquarters .
The video was n't great but it did n't matter .
The grainy technicolor future was here !
How It Didn't Change Shit :
Besides costing $ 1500 for the phone , the service cost over $ 90 bucks a month .
Back in 1970 , most people 's disposable income was tied up in polyester shirts and cocaine , leaving little room for insanely expensive talky boxes .
But the real nail in the coffin was the fact that people did n't want to use videophones nearly as much as everyone thought they did .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Sure , it was fun to see the person you were talking to at first , but once the novelty wore off it got weird .
People did n't look at the camera when they talked , they looked at the screen .
Even in webcams today , you do n't look at the girl you 're paying $ 5.95 a minute , you look down and to the left .
The reason face - to - face contact is so valued by people , aside from the chance to score a peripheral glance at some boob , is the human eye contact .
And the videophone did n't allow any .
Another unforeseen problem was that people liked being able to see the person they were talking to , but did n't really want anyone to see them .
With a regular phone you can answer safe in the knowledge that no one knows how sad your life is .
But with a video phone , you can't hide the fact you 're eating sandwiches on the toilet .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Is There Any Hope ?
Sure , webcams have become ubiquitous , but most people use those to masturbate with strangers .
Somehow that does n't feel the same when you 're using your home phone talking to grandma .
Many cellphones have the capability to send and receive video calls , it 's just a matter of most people not giving a damn .
It 's useful for some groups , such as the deaf who can use it to sign , and for various medical and diagnostic purposes .
Outside of those specialized uses , it seems to be doomed to always be a novelty , niche product .
Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboué could be on his way out after revealing he is unhappy at the Emirates .
The Ivory Coast international , who can also play on the right wing , has grown frustrated by his failure to hold down a regular starting spot .
And , despite only having signed a new deal last summer , the 26 - year - old admits he could be set to leave England .
" It would be hard , " Eboué told France Football .
" But I think it would be harder to experience another season like this one , too far off the pitch ...
But if I leave Arsenal it would be for another league because it is out of the question that I develop elsewhere in England . "
Eboué moved to Arsenal from Beveren in January 2005 and became a first - team regular in the second half of the following season .
However , inconsistent form saw him overtaken by Bacary Sagna and Theo Walcott in the pecking order .
He was booed by the fans in December after coming off the bench against Wigan and was himself substituted .
As Rodda writes in her post ,
" [ Jim ]
Ammerman 's statements included everything from saying that Bill Clinton ( president at the time the video was released ) should have been executed to inciting the militia types by making claims that his chaplains were reporting back to him that they had inside information that the U.S. military was preparing to attack U.S. cities and claiming inside information from other sources indicating an imminent threat of the United States being placed under martial law .
Unbelievably , as Kathryn Joyce reported in her recent Newsweek.com article , " Christian Soldiers :
The growing controversy over military chaplains using the armed forces to spread the Word , " the outcome of this 1997 investigation was that the DoD found Ammerman 's statements to be within the bounds of free speech , and Ammerman retained his authority as a DoD authorized chaplain endorser . "
A June 23 , 2009 report from Al Jazeera ( English ) by Josh Rushing , " Fault Lines - Religion in the Military " , expertly covers a topic the US media has been reluctant to address : an aggressive effort , often abusive , coercive and even illegal , to advance a heavily sectarian , supremacist form of Christianity in the United States military .
Rushing , a United States Marine for 15 years , explained to Former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft that he was initially very skeptical but had become personally convinced while researching his story .
When Rushing told Scowcroft , " [ Al Jazeera ] received ... video of missionaries embedding with the US troops , " Scowcroft responded , " ... I would be very surprised if that were true .
Missionaries embedded with the troops - I find a very unusual statement . "
Rushing then informed Scowcroft that three half - hour show segments were aired on the Trinity Broadcast Network ( TBN ) popular reality TV show " Travel The Road , " in which the show 's central characters , " extreme " Christian missionaries Will Decker and Tim Scott , were embedded with US troops in Afghanistan and illegally proselytized and distributed native - language copies of the New Testament .
" Travel The Road " claims to reach three million viewers per episode .
Scowcraft , incredulous , testily declared he'd look into the matter .
The reaction , denial , was a common and maybe even typical one for people confronted with verifiable , new information that contradicts their preexisting cognitive maps - they try to deny or block out the contradictory data .
[ below , part 2 of Al Jazeera special report : Brent Scowcroft is incredulous ]
[ below : video clip from documentary aired on Trinity Broadcast Network , shows Christian missionaries embedded with US troops in Afghanistan ]
Josh Rushing 's Al Jazeera special report features , most notably , Jeff Sharlet , author of The Family , The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power and a May 2009 Harpers Magazine story , Jesus Killed Mohammed : The Crusade For a Christian Military .
Talk To Action contributor and Military Religious Freedom Foundation Senior Research Director Chris Rodda makes a brief appearance in the Al Jazeera special report as well .
Rodda is also author of Liars For Jesus " The Religious Right 's Alternative Version of American History ( Volume I ) .
If Brent Scowcroft was incredulous concerning the embedded - missionaries story , he likely would have been rendered speechless by another story to recently have surfaced from Military Religous Freedom Foundation research , which concerned a highly connected chaplain endorser with power over perhaps 7 - 8 % of US active duty military chaplains who has made made both veiled and direct calls for the execution of a sitting United States president and leading members of the US Senate .
Some of that research appeared in the June 19 , 2009 Newsweek story , Christian Soldiers :
The growing controversy over military chaplains using the armed forces to spread the Word , by journalist Kathryn Joyce .
But Joyce 's Newsweek article was framed as an extension of a preexisting story concerning the illegal distribution of Bibles in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In fact , the most disturbing research findings concerned the activities of individuals , both in the military and influential within the US military and Congress , who have made a minor career of promoting and mainstreaming a class of seditious and racist anti-government conspiracy theory that , presented in the guise of " Bible prophecy " , arguably played an important role during the 1990's in helping to inspire right wing violence and the rise of the American militia movement .
I have included some of that material in my June 23 , 2009 story , Defense Department - Certified Agency Newsletter Suggests Killing Democrats [ also see : these two Talk To Action stories : 1 , 2 ]
Over 100 mainstream and alternative press stories and television and radio interviews addressing the attempted Christian fundamentalist takeover of the United States Military can be found here , collected on the Military Relgious Freedom foundation website .
[ below , part one of Al Jazeera special report , " Fault Lines - Religion in the Military " by Al Jazeera reporter Josh Rushing ]
[ vote this story up on Digg here and here ]
How to build yourself
a One Atmosphere Plasmoid
A dvanced R educed D rag A ircraft project
By Jean - Louis Naudin
created on February 23th , 2000 - JLN Labs - Last update February 27th , 2000
I am glad to present you a very simple experiment that you can conduct yourself with common material that you already have in your house .
This experiment will allow you to see and check by yourself that a stable Plasmoid ( an artificial Plasma Ball ) can be created in air ( at a pressure of one atmosphere ) .
This simple and basic experiment is one of the main part of the working principle of an enhanced EHD Plasma reactor used in some advanced flying crafts ( see the Active GDP skin principle ) ...
This experiment has already been tested successfully by many ball lightning experimenters in the world .
I am grateful to Alexandre Szames for this fascinating experiment that he has recently suggested to me .
BE CAREFUL : Do n't forget that the Plasmoid generates ozone ( O3 ) and nitrogen oxydes ( NO and NO2 ) , so you need to do this experiment in an open and well ventiled area .
If you do it the risk of any results is just yours .
I take no responsibility of anything that might happen to yourself or your material .
To conduct a successful Plasmoid experiment , you need only :
- A microwave oven ,
- 3 plastic caps ( about 10 mm thick ) used as a support ,
- a cylindrical cork ,
- a wooden toothpick ,
- a transparent vessel for microwave cooking ( it must be heat resistant ) .
______________________________
STEP 1 : Preparing the mounting base and the plasmoid igniter .
Cut a 15 mm slice from the cork and stick the toothpick in it , as shown above , then place the 3 plastic caps
so the build the mounting base for the transparent vessel ( to let the air flows inside the vessel ) .
______________________________
STEP 2 : Check your setup before placing it into the microwave oven .
The final setup is now ready for the plasmoid experiment .
______________________________
STEP 4 : Place the mounting base with the igniter in the center of your microwave oven and ignite the toothpick .
Notes :
You may add a cup of water in the microwave too absorb excess microwaves .
STEP 5 : Cover the apparatus with the transparent vessel .
STEP 6 : Close the door and switch on your microwave at full power ... and see what happens ......
READY TO SEE THE PLASMOID IN ACTION ?.....
Click Here
Disclaimer :
The author assumes no liability for any incidental , consequential or other liability from the use of this information .
All risks and damages , incidental or otherwise , arising from the use or misuse of the information contained herein are entirely the responsibility of the user .
Although careful precaution has been taken in the preparation of this material , we assume no responsibility for omissions or errors .
Email : JNaudin509@aol.com
Soon you may be able to buy a drug that can make you calm by mimicking the body 's natural self - soothing process .
But you would n't feel drugged .
What would happen to people who suddenly became fearless without side - effects ?
Advertisement
A group of European researchers discovered a ligand , or a chemical that binds with molecules , can soothe even the most anxious of creatures .
As they write in an article published today in Science , they induced anxiety attacks in mice and men , administered the ligand XBD173 , and found that their fear subsided immediately .
The best part is that this treatment is n't addictive , does n't take weeks to be effective , and does n't make you feel dopey or drowsy .
According to a release from the authors of the study :
This finding suggests that the ligand , XBD173 , might be a good candidate for use as a safe and fast - acting anti-anxiety agent .
Current treatments like benzodiazepines often have unwanted side effects like sedation , tolerance , or symptoms of withdrawal after chronic use .
Anti-depressant drugs are also sometimes administered to treat anxiety , but their beneficial effects only occur after several weeks of treatment .
Looking for something new , Rainer Rupprecht and colleagues administered XBD173 to laboratory rats and observed that it prevented panic behavior almost immediately – without the rats building tolerance or any other unwanted side effects .
They then performed a study among 70 healthy human men , involving a placebo group , and found that XBD173 initiated a fast anti-anxiety response without any withdrawal symptoms after prolonged use .
The authors say that XBD173 promotes these calming effects through its modulation of the inhibitory neurotransmitter , GABA , and they suggest the ligand be considered for use in future clinical applications .
Advertisement
There are few things I would want to know before gulping down this drug .
First of all , is anxiety the same thing as fear ?
The reason I ask is that it sounds like this could be an anti-fear agent , which might prevent risk aversion .
That 's right : a super soldier drug .
What I 'm saying is that I would like to know exactly which of my emotions are being muted by this substance .
Is it just that I feel more mellow at a party , or am I likely to walk into the street in front of a car because I 'm fearless ?
The hopeful part of this drug is that there are no side effects known so far .
It would be great to have a drug that reduced anxiety without making you feel like your entire consciousness had been reduced .
However , until that whole super soldier drug thing is resolved , I 'm still little bit suspicious .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
via Science
Videotaped remarks shed light on Sotomayor SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor meets with Sen. Russ Feingold , D - Wis. on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 10 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / Susan Walsh ) Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor meets with Sen. Russ Feingold , D - Wis. on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , June 10 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / Susan Walsh ) Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Photo : Susan Walsh , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Videotaped remarks shed light on Sotomayor 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Judge Sonia Sotomayor once described herself as " a product of affirmative action " who was admitted to two Ivy League schools despite scoring lower on standardized tests than many classmates , which she attributed to " cultural biases " that are " built into testing . "
On another occasion , she aligned with conservatives who take a limited view of when international law can be enforced in U.S. courts .
But she criticized conservative objections to recent Supreme Court rulings that mention foreign law as being based on a " misunderstanding . "
Those comments were among a trove of videos dating back nearly 25 years that shed new light on Sotomayor 's views .
She provided the videos to the Senate Judiciary Committee last week as it prepares for her Supreme Court confirmation hearing next month .
The clips include lengthy remarks about her experiences as an " affirmative action baby " whose lower test scores were overlooked by admissions committees at Princeton University and Yale Law School because , she said , she is Latino and had grown up in poor circumstances .
" If we had gone through the traditional numbers route of those institutions , it would have been highly questionable if I would have been accepted , " she said on a panel of three female judges from New York who were discussing women in the judiciary .
The video is dated " early 1990s " in Senate records .
Her comments came in the context of explaining why she thought it was " critical that we promote diversity " by appointing more women and minority judges , and they provoked objections among other panelists who pointed out that she graduated summa cum laude from Princeton and had been an editor on Yale 's law journal .
But Sotomayor insisted that her test scores were subpar - " though not so far off the mark that I was n't able to succeed at those institutions . "
Her scores have not been made public .
" With my academic achievement in high school I was accepted rather readily at Princeton and equally as fast at Yale , but my test scores were not comparable to that of my classmates , " she said .
" And that 's been shown by statistics , there are reasons for that - there are cultural biases built into testing , and that was one of the motivations for the concept of affirmative action to try to balance out those effects . "
Sotomayor 's approach to affirmative action has been the subject of intense scrutiny .
Conservatives have criticized her remarks in speeches that her personal experiences will influence her judging .
If she is confirmed , Sotomayor would fill the seat being vacated by Justice David Souter , who has voted to uphold affirmative - action programs .
But in April , Sotomayor delivered a speech on how federal judges look at foreign and international law that suggested she may take a more conservative position on that topic than Souter .
She said individuals have no right to file a lawsuit to enforce a treaty and ratified treaties are not legally binding unless Congress separately passes a statute to do so .
Treaties usually have effect , she said , only if the president and Congress choose to respect such obligations as a matter of politics , not law .
" Even though Article IV of the Constitution says that treaties are the ' supreme law of the land , ' in most instances they 're not even law , " she said .
That principle , she said , explained the outcome of a high - profile 2008 Supreme Court ruling , Medellin vs. Texas , which involved a ruling by the International Court of Justice that some Mexican inmates on death row in Texas should get new sentencing hearings because authorities failed to help them get assistance from the Mexican consulate , contrary to a treaty the United States had ratified .
But the Supreme Court ruled that the international court 's decision had no legal force and that the treaty was not binding , because Congress never passed a statute explicitly making it domestic law .
The ruling , Sotomayor said , " surprised many human rights groups and civil liberties groups " but was " premised on very traditional American law principles . "
Her remarks aligned her with the Supreme Court 's majority ; among the three dissenting votes in that case was Souter .
Latest Published Blog Articles 2020 -09 - 29 ( More )
2020 -09 -21 ( More )
2020 -09 - 12 ( More )
... term with the suggestions we 've offered below .
Every company should utilize as many social networking programs and platforms as they can in order to provide the very best level of exposure to a worldwide market .
Social networking may help you engage more online visitors and customers through modern marketing techniques .
Marketing through social networking does n't cost you anything and will surely increase your company 's online visibility .
By including social networking in your promotional , you will do wonders for your sales and your brand image .
People are likely to spend more of their hard - earned dollars around the holiday season .
To capture ...
2020 -08-31 ( More )
2020 -08 - 28 ( More )
Former Vestas workers who occupied their factory in Newport , Isle of Wight last summer to protest against job losses , and a number of their supporters marked the anniversary of the start of the occupation today .
A report from the scene of the recoccupied Magic Roundabout :
Vestas – Magic Roundabout Re-occupied on 1st Anniversary of the Workers ’ Occuaption .
At around 4 pm this afternoon , one year on from the beginning of the Vestas occupation , 15 ex-Vestas workers and campaign supporters re-occupied the ‘ Magic Roundabout ’ next to the Vestas factory .
The roundabout was the home of the support campaign for over 4 months last year in solidarity with the 600 workers who lost their jobs when the wind turbine factory closed its doors last August .
The Ryde and East Wight Trades Council , activists from Workers Climate Action and a local RMT member were all part of today ’s re-occupation .
They are there to remind people that the fight for jobs , justice and the climate is far from over on the Isle of Wight and beyond .
Climate Campers were there in spirit , their stickers still looking good on the site ’s road signs .
Within three minutes the police had arrived having being called to the site by Vestas security .
The mini reunion is not just made up of campaign supporters as within a couple of hours the familiar faces of the old Vestas security team were back on the scene looking very concerned .
One year on and the occupiers have still not been reinstated and a tribunal that was to be held last week for some of the occupiers ended prematurely when ex-workers were threatened with full and crippling costs by Vestas and forced to withdraw their case .
At 5.30 pm tomorrow , Wednesday , these campaigners will join a lobby of the full council to protest against cuts .
An Islander reports :
Protest at the full Council Meeting tomorrow at 5.30 pm .
Too tired to think through the list of cuts , closures , jobs losses and price hikes , and you ’ll all know how to find out about them .
There is a lot of anger among young people about the scrapping of the Student Rider .
Today was the anniversary of the Vestas occupation , and a group of us from last year – occupiers , trade unionists and local supporters – marked it by coming down to the industrial estate to see each other in a place with good memories , of a fight we ’re all proud of .
The fact remains that the official unemployment figures out last week , always an underestimate not taking into account the seasonal dynamic , put the number out of work at 2,200 .
We still demand the factory be re-opened : it was the product of millions of regeneration money over a decade .
It is the obvious way to create jobs on the scale that they are urgently needed .
Yesterday a thousand teachers lobbied parliament against the scrapping of the Building Schools for the Future money .
On the island this translates into the scrapping of the significant school improvements due for Carisbrooke , Medina , Sandown and Ryde .
With these latest rounds of cuts , the ones we know about and those that are rumoured , it is surely time to make a proper stand and assert the feelings that most ordinary people have about this so - called economic crisis .
We did not cause it , and we will not pay for it .
As one Unison member put it this morning , the bankers robbed us and the government is mugging us .
OTTAWA – The RCMP 's second - in - command has issued an outright apology for the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski .
" We are very sorry for Mr. Dziekanski 's death and we are committed to learning as much as possible from this terrible event , " Deputy Commissioner William Sweeney told a Senate committee today .
Sweeney 's apology was delivered in the absence of Commissioner Bill Elliott who was attending a regimental funeral of a Mountie killed while off - duty .
It went further than either Elliot or senior B.C. officers did two weeks ago .
Asked later what actions he was apologizing for , Sweeney told reporters :
" We 're very sorry that Mr. Dziekanski died .
Obviously , when we go to work every , day , our men and women do n't ever anticipate that they 're going to be in a situation when somebody has lost their life as a consequence of interventions by the police and — not that that we know all of the facts and circumstances of this event , we probably will not have all of that information until Mr. Braidwood responds to the requirement to prepare reports — but it 's a very sad , tragic circumstance . "
Dziekanski , a unilingual Polish immigrant , died moments after the four Mounties took charge of him in the Vancouver airport and zapped him five times with a conducted energy weapon .
Sweeney declined any more specific comment , saying " it 's inappropriate " while the inquiry is under way .
But during testimony , he spoke generally of how much violence officers now face , especially in the Lower B.C. Mainland , and how violent incidents can " escalate in milliseconds " and lead to results officers fail to anticipate .
Sweeney stressed the need for officers to reduce , not escalate , tensions in confrontations .
" I can say generally de-escalation is clearly something in every circumstance , every situation we find ourselves in , should be of first and foremost consideration for our members . "
Sweeney also admitted that " this tragic event playing out day in and day out in the media ... has not promoted confidence in our organization , there 's no question .
. .
When the courts are completed , we have to respond with an informed series of actions . "
B.C. officers have already publicly apologized for releasing and failing to correct erroneous information about Dziekanski's confrontation with the four officers at the Vancouver airport .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Last summer , the tranquil English village of Kentisbeare woke up to find a dagger piercing its heart .
The man who ran the neighborhood pub , the Wyndham Arms , had decided to call it quits .
Hit by hard times , he locked up one evening and never came back , leaving the village bereft of its “ local , ” the watering hole down the road where , for more than 200 years , the good folk here could always drop in for a pint , a pie or a piece of gossip .
The tavern seemed destined to become yet another lost marker of traditional village life , bound for the same remorseless oblivion that had already swallowed the baker ’s , the butcher ’s and the petrol station in this lazy green countryside where bluebells nod in the breeze , medieval church towers loom like giant chess pieces and thatched roofs peek coyly through the leaves .
This time , though , residents drew a line .
They retrieved the keys to the pub , renovated the whitewashed 16th century building themselves and reopened it less than two months later .
Advertisement
“ People could n’t bear the thought of it being boarded up , ” said Mavis Durrant , 67 , a lifelong resident of the village in southwestern England .
“ There ’s something very appealing about a country pub , is n’t there ? ”
Indeed .
For centuries , virtually nothing has been more central to the good cheer and cozy charm of English village life than the local pub , whose name alone -- the Bishop ’s Finger , the Drunken Duck , the Quiet Woman , the Moorend Spout -- could summon a smile .
But feel - good stories like the rescue of the Wyndham Arms are rare these days , because pubs are closing down across Britain faster than a thirsty man can down a pint .
Colorful and often iconic establishments that managed to survive civil wars , frowning Victorian teetotalism and tales of being haunted are increasingly buckling under to modern market forces , higher taxes and lifestyle changes .
Every week , 39 alehouses call for “ last orders ” one final time , according to the British Beer and Pub Assn .
All told , more than 2,000 taverns have shut down since March of last year , at a cost of 20,000 jobs .
Advertisement
It ’s an especially distressing turn of events for those in the countryside , who warn that villages may eventually be reduced to little more than rural dormitories , stripped of the shops , services and gathering places that gave them a sense of identity and cohesion .
“ We risk undoing centuries of tradition .
An English pub is absolutely part and parcel of English society and community , ” said Nick Harvey , a member of Parliament for North Devon , a district in western England where 70 to 80 taverns remain , down from more than 100 just a few years ago .
In many neighborhoods , Harvey said , “ the shops have gone , the garage has gone , everything has gone .
The pub is the only thing left . ”
Britain remains home to 57,000 pubs , including some alehouses that can trace their history to Saxon times .
Many still sport the dimly lit interiors , snug alcoves , crackling fireplaces and agreeably low ceilings made of old wooden beams ( with signs warning taller customers , “ Duck or grouse ” ) that give old public houses their unique flavor .
Advertisement
Between pulls at the tap and backhanded wipes of the mouth , proprietors and regulars sketch various reasons for the pub ’s rapid decline .
Government rules that have allowed big chains to buy up or control thousands of alehouses can make life tough for the tenants who lease the pubs and try to turn a profit .
High alcohol duties have steadily pushed up prices at the bar stool , even as supermarkets sell beer at cut -rate prices to draw in customers content to drink at home .
Modern times have also brought new habits and ideas .
Because of safety regulations , construction workers and tradesmen no longer have a quick pint during their lunch hour .
Britons are now more mobile , meaning they do n’t have to stick to their hometown bar .
And rising prosperity , before the current recession struck , spurred demands for better food , flashier decoration and more options for families with young children .
Pub managers and traditionalists grumble loudest over the smoking ban instituted in 2007 .
Business has gone down as a result , publicans say , though the move also brought in some new customers .
Advertisement
But in spite of all the changes , the neighborhood pub remains at the heart of community life in countless towns and villages .
Words written 70 years ago to describe the pub ’s preeminent position in British society still resonate today in those places .
“ Of the social institutions that mold men ’s lives between home and work . . . the pub has more buildings , holds more people , takes more of their time and money , than church , cinema , dance hall and political organizations put together , ” the pop- sociological movement Mass - Observation reported in the 1930s .
At the pub , the report said , your hard - earned shilling bought not just a beer but an experience .
Advertisement
You could drink , talk , think , smoke , play cards , throw darts , spit , bet and sing .
Equally enjoyable side activities included weddings and funerals , “ quarrels and fights , ” sex , secret - society meetings , religious processions , crime , prostitution and , rather mystifyingly for the contemporary pubgoer , “ pigeon flying . ”
The loss of such an important social nerve center can be devastating for a small community -- akin to the death of an old friend , as the quiet village of Bickington learned .
Like Kentisbeare , Bickington sits primly in Devon , in a rustic landscape of sun-dappled fields sliced into puzzle pieces by high hedgerows .
The “ green and pleasant land ” hymned by the English poet William Blake does n’t get any greener or pleasanter than this .
Villagers watched in dismay as their police station , post office and mechanic ’s shop gradually went out of business .
When the firm that owned the local pub , the Toby Jug , decided to cut costs and close down the tavern several years ago , it was “ the final blow ” to communal life , said Caroline Meek , whose family has lived in Bickington since 1809 .
Advertisement
“ At the moment , if we see each other , it just happens to be out and about . . . catching five minutes here or there , ” Meek said of the village ’s residents .
“ Before , that would ’ve happened in the pub over a nice drink . ”
Villagers have lobbied the Toby Jug ’s owner to reopen it , to no avail .
They hold a candlelight vigil for their dearly departed tavern every Christmas Eve , out of both a sense of mourning and hope , but the building remains shuttered and forlorn , its white walls dingy from neglect , its quaint old sign missing .
“ When you used to walk down there when the lights were on , on a cold winter ’s night , and there was a roaring fire on , that was a lovely feeling , ” said Meek , 34 .
“ When you see it now , it just looks like a gray shell , and it ’s quite sad . ”
With the nearest pub at least three miles in either direction , “ we ’re kind of marooned .
We have to get in a car or catch a taxi , ” Meek said .
“ My husband is quite a traditional chap really , and going to the pub is something he ’d like to do with his friends once a week , twice a week .
It takes a tremendous effort to try to do that . ”
Advertisement
Bickington ’s fate is precisely what Mike Scales sought to avert in Kentisbeare when he rallied his neighbors to help save the Wyndham Arms last summer .
By then , the tavern was ailing , no longer as well frequented as it once was , which residents attribute to poor management by the man who ran it until he gave up last July .
The threat of losing the place altogether galvanized 80 volunteers from the village who spent eight weeks scrubbing , stripping , painting , hammering , wiring and redecorating the former farmhouse , whose wooden rafters were erected when their grandfathers ’ grandfathers had n’t been born .
“ We had people in here seven days a week , on different shifts , from 8 o’clock in the morning till sunset , ” said Scales , a genial 61 - year - old who has been involved in the pub industry , mostly as an auditor , since leaving the navy 35 years ago .
Advertisement
“ I was probably one of the few that kept coming , and that ’s why I did n’t want to see it go , ” he said of the Wyndham Arms , which is named after the family that at one time virtually owned Kentisbeare .
“ It ’s the center of the village . ”
Enterprise Inns , the company that owns the tavern , was so impressed by the community ’s efforts that it agreed to throw in $ 150,000 to overhaul the roof and the heating system .
Scales is now busy putting in a new kitchen .
He knows the battle for survival is n’t over .
To remain a viable concern , the alehouse has to keep customers coming back , which is why it serves better food , welcomes children and dogs , and , as its latest innovation , offers Wi -Fi .
But for now the inhabitants of Kentisbeare once more have somewhere to go for a pint and a chat , especially the elderly regulars -- “ the gargoyles , ” Scales calls them -- who like to come in the early evening .
Advertisement
“ People need to talk to each other .
They need to communicate .
They need to feel as though they belong to a community , ” Scales said .
“ If I ’ve done nothing in my miserable life , this is perhaps one good thing . ”
Then he got up to make a round of the tables , among laughing and chatting customers who greeted him by name .
Cheers !
--
Advertisement
henry.chu@latimes.com
April 17 , 2007 ( Los Angeles ) -- Cannabis may be bad for the lungs , but the active ingredient in marijuana may help combat lung cancer , new research suggests .
In lab and mouse studies , the compound , known as THC , cut lung tumor growth in half and helped prevent the cancer from spreading , says Anju Preet , PhD , a Harvard University researcher in Boston who tested the chemical .
While a lot more work needs to be done , “ the results suggest THC has therapeutic potential , ” she tells WebMD .
Moreover , other early research suggests the cannabis compound could help fight brain , prostate , and skin cancers as well , Preet says .
The findings were presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research .
The finding builds on the recent discovery of the body ’s own cannabinoid system , Preet says .
Known as endocannabinoids , the natural cannabinoids stimulate appetite and control pain and inflammation .
THC seeks out , attaches to , and activates two specific endocannabinoids that are present in high amounts on lung cancer cells , Preet says .
This revs up their natural anti-inflammatory properties .
Inflammation can promote the growth and spread of cancer .
In the new study , the researchers first demonstrated that THC inhibited the growth and spread of cells from two different lung cancer cell lines and from patient lung tumors .
Then , they injected THC into mice that had been implanted with human lung cancer cells .
After three weeks , tumors shrank by about 50 % , compared with tumors in untreated mice .
Preet notes that animals injected with THC seem to get “ high , ” showing signs of clumsiness and getting the munchies .
“ You would expect to see the same thing in humans , so if this work does pan out , getting the dose right is going to be all important , ” she says .
Paul B. Fisher , PhD , a professor of clinical pathology at Columbia University , says that though the work is “ interesting , ” it ’s still very early .
“ The issue with using a drug of this type becomes the window of concentration that will be effective .
Can you physiologically achieve what you want without causing unwanted effects ? ” he tells WebMD .
History 's worst rocket tragedy actually occurred on the ground , in 1960 , when the Soviets were experimenting with a dangerous new fuel .
Piers Bizony chronicles it in his upcoming book , How To Build Your Own Spaceship :
On August 3 , 1957 , the Soviet Russian R - 7 Semyorka missile , called " Little Seven " by the men who worked around it , flew a simulated nuclear strike trajectory , then became a space launcher just two months later , on October 4 , by launching Sputnik .
A great international triumph , then , but in missile terms , not necessarily the military advantage that Russia wanted .
Advertisement
The Semyorka used kerosene and LOX .
Who in their right mind wants a nuclear missile that takes three or four hours to prime with LOX before you can launch it ?
Not the Soviet Red Army , for sure .
So they commissioned an even more secret missile , the R - 16 , which , in theory , could be fueled and primed several days , or even weeks , before it was needed , with no loss of oxidizer , because its engineers had abandoned super - cold LOX and kerosene in favor of nitric acid and hydrazine : hypergolic fuels ... a fuel and oxidizer combination that can be stored indefinitely at normal pressures and temperatures .
Hypergolic chemicals are efficient too .
They ignite spontaneously on contact with each other and deliver a pretty good bang for your buck .
Of course there 's a downside .
Hypergolics are among the nastiest and most toxic substances in the rocket business .
Did we mention that they can be stored ?
Well , sort of .
They are so corrosive they will play havoc with any part of your rocket ( or your people ) that they come into contact with that they should n't ....
Advertisement
In October 1960 , the R - 16 was hoisted upright for launch at Baikonur , Russia 's ultrasecret equivalent of Cape Kennedy , based deep in the deserts of Kazakhstan .
And so began the single greatest rocket disaster in history .
The R - 16's " storable " fuels would n't store .
They were viciously corrosive and leaky as hell , oozing from dozens of pipe joints and tank seams .
On October 23 , the surrounding launch gantries were crowded with young technicians trying to fix a dozen different problems .
As zero hour approached , the rocket began to drip nitric acid from its base .
At this point , launch director Mitrofan Nedelin should have ordered the entire gantry to be evacuated , but he did n't seem to care about the risks .
He sent yet more ground staff into the pad area straightaway , to see if they could tighten up some valves and stop the leaks and get the rocket up in the air .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Suddenly , the rocket exploded , instantly killing everyone on the gantry .
With nothing to support it , the upper stage crashed to the ground , spilling fuel and flame .
The new tarmac aprons and roadways around the gantry melted in the heat , then caught fire .
Ground staff fleeing for their lives were trapped in the viscous tar as it burned all around them .
The conflagration spread for thousands of yards , a wave of fire engulfing everything and everyone in its path .
More than 190 people were killed , including Nedelin , perched on his chair near the gantry as a surge of blazing chemicals swept toward him .
From Piers Bizony 's How To Build Your Own Spaceship , due out this August for $ 15 .
Excerpted with permission of Plume , an imprint of the Penguin Group .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE RESOURCES
Video of the disaster :
Click to view
Haunting details and quotes from the event , curated by Jacqueline Sly in a space history project
Bob Chapman | April 25 , 2009
This past January , before the new president was inaugurated , in commemoration of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the US and China , a conference was held by the Chinese People ’s Institute of Foreign Affairs and the Kissinger Institute on China .
Former President Jimmy Carter , Henry Kissinger , Brent Snowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski led the US delegation .
Mr. Brzezinski proposed at that conference that a US - China G - 2 be formed .
He stated a long list of international problems that China could help the US find solutions for , such as the global financial crisis , climate change , North Korean and Iranian nuclear ambitions , tension in India and Pakistan and the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Behind Zbig ’s proposals are his perpetual efforts to act to the disadvantage of Russia , so that a western power base can be built in Eastern Europe and down into the Middle East and over into West Asia .
This is really what Iraq and Afghanistan are all about .
He cited China ’s rapid growth of the past 20 years and reminded China that it would have taken years longer without the expansion of US - China trade relations .
He said there should be interdependence , yet relations still were those of unending US provocation and hostility .
On the other hand Larry Summers , Mr. Obama ’s top economic advisor and director of the White House National Economic Council , has proposed a multilateral approach to deal with multilateral global economic problems that would involve a new grouping larger than the Group of Seven richest nations with advanced economies .
This , of course , is in opposition to Brzezinski ’s approach .
It looks like Summers has the upper hand at the moment , even though Brzezinski brought Mr. Obama to his present position .
China faces 30 million unemployed workers and inflation that will soon be close to 20 % again .
Demonstrations are widespread and often lead to violence and death .
China , like the US and UK is taking the easy way out for the moment , but in time they will suffer hyperinflation and eventually deflationary depression .
That will lead to a major challenge of Chinese Communist leadership .
Among that 30 million unemployed are bright college graduates who have been unable to find work for a year and they will be joined by 7 million more in 2009 .
Government expects 8 % GDP growth in 2008 and 2009 , and we see 6 % at best .
That represents a time bomb of civil disorder for the government .
That would only produce six million new jobs each year leaving 20 million unemployed rural migrant laborers out of work for two years at least .
At the top of the heap are the party members that make large incomes and have access to large loans that do not really have to be repaid .
The income disparity is enormous as are job opportunities .
This has not gone unnoticed by the public , which displays simmering anger , particularly regarding massive corruption and illegal farmland seizures by private developers , who pay off party members to circumvent the law .
Government believes things will work out fine , but we do not .
One important problem is declining consumer spending that has been prevalent for ten years , which portends a slowing economy .
High - income citizens invest and do not consume what they could and the poor cannot do anything other than to exist .
Zbigniew Brzezinski ’s communist answer is for China to adapt a full employment objective and an income policy financed by sovereign credit in order to fund such a program .
We find it of interest that he did n’t recommend using US dollars to finance such a project , but to go into debt to do so .
Either that or demand payment for exports in yuan .
That would , of course , make the yuan stronger and make Chinese goods for export more expensive , which would cut exports and GDP and put more people out of work .
The communists exercising power as a class of aristocracy want to maintain that position without revolution .
They want peaceful rising global influence , but they have to remember how they came to power – by killing over 1 billion of their fellow citizens .
The average still sees the blood on their hands .
World deflationary depression will bring revolution to China and the destruction of communism ; just as the Illuminati ’s dream of world government will come to no good end .
The Congressional Budget Office , CBO , sees a fiscal deficit of 13 % of GDP in 2009 and 10 % in 2010 , based on a strong recovery from stimulus and other massive spending .
At that rate the ratio of government debt to GDP would be 80 % by 2018 .
As a guideline we cite the eurozone Maastricht guideline of fiscal debt limits of 3 % of GDP .
Financial history tells us fiscal and monetary profligacy brings about inflation - in today ’s case , hyperinflation .
Instead of purging the system and facing the music , governments worldwide are increasing money and credit at an exponential rate and lowering interest rates to zero .
The outcome is guaranteed .
Do not forget those sterilized ominous increases in commercial bank reserves sitting over at the Fed will be converted into faster money growth at a ratio of 10 to 1 .
M2 is already up 15 % and M3 , our original version , at about 18 % .
Do not think for one second that the Fed will reduce the excessive stock of money and credit .
They can’t , because if they do the financial system will collapse .
It should be noted that many prime rated mortgage accounts of big hitters who have n’t made their mortgage payments for several months have not been contacted by their lenders – banks .
The reason is upkeep , inventory and real estate taxes – all of which banks will have to assume if they take over the house .
That means default rates are much higher than statistics show .
These good loans now have a 50 % default rate for subprime and ALT - A loans and prime loans will soon reach that level .
We are seeing a complete looting of the system before they collapse it .
Our corporate structure and are government are being run by crooks .
Regarding the stress test , it is apparent that most major banks wo n’t pass the test .
They are insolvent and will have to be nationalized .
It is no wonder the market was manipulated up to 8200 on the Dow , which was in anticipation of such news .
This is a dire situation because banks will be forced to adhere to a higher fee structure .
Banks will also have to set aside more funds to meet the requirements of the FDIC .
The banks have no cushion for such legitimate demands .
What are they going to do when the jumbo and prime loan defaults hit 50 % ?
Wells Fargo , as many others did committed fraud in their earnings statement .
Wait until next quarter .
They have 41 % of their mortgages in California and 50 % of their portfolio is in pay - option ARMs , which are entering a bulge period of resets and are widely considered to be the most toxic of the first lien mortgages .
As tax revenue plunges for all government entities , billions in additional debt will have to be funded .
That means higher real interest rates .
The spending on unemployment insurance and other safety - net programs is rising exponentially as unemployment gets set to exceed 20 % .
Who pray tell will buy all this debt ?
The Fed , of course , as monetization flourishes .
It is a nightmare as government spending has risen 33 % in just six months .
Sadly and tragically we predicted all this chapter and verse .
As the charlatan Timmy Geithner tells us , “ Never before in modern times has so much of the world been simultaneously hit by a confluence of economic and financial turmoil such as we are living through . ”
No kidding Dick Tracy .
Where were you nine years ago when we predicted all this ?
This guy is dumber than dumb .
If you want to know who is to blame you need not go any further than our Illuminist banks and Wall Street .
Treasuries continue to sit on the 200 DMA and we have auctions for 2 , 5 and 7 - year paper coming next week .
If that line is broken they ’ll be lots of selling .
If the offerings are larger than expected you can anticipate heavy Fed involvement in the market .
Large - scale layoffs rose again in March : 2,933 more mass layoffs of 50 or more workers .
This brought the total number of people who lost their jobs in this manner to 299,388 , the highest on a record that dates to 1995 .
Since the recession officially began in December 2007 ( it began in February 2007 ) , layoffs now total 31,414 since the start of the recession .
In desperation GM wants to exchange $ 1 billion in bonds for common stock .
If they can not pay interest on bonds or redeem them what good is common stock ?
This is an attempt by derivative writers to avoid paying much more in credit default swaps .
They will only have to wait 39 days to see what is going to happen .
The Federal government is now spending about double what they are collecting in taxes .
Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis was told by Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson to shut up about the “ material adverse change , ” that took place at Merrill Lynch before their merger .
This is called strong - arm tactics in the underworld .
Lewis was told if he did not follow orders his board would be disbanded and the management team would be fired .
That is extortion as well .
Lewis should have pulled the plug on this riff raff , but he did n’t have the guts to do so – what a wimp .
He shafted the shareholders .
The bottom line now is BoA will be sued by every shareholder for accepting such a losing deal forced on them by government and for accepting this deal and not disclosing material information and lying .
There will now be a run on Bank of America because the liability is unpayable .
NY State AG Andrew Como has released a letter that will lead to lawsuits against BoA , Lewis , Bernanke and Paulson for fraud .
The rats are trapped in a corner and are turning on each other .
The frugality trend has just begun , which will take us back to a lifestyle much like that of the 1940s and 1950s .
the vast populace has n’t gotten it yet .
People do not view the current recession as a major economic phenomenon or as a major event .
They believe government wo n’t let it happen , they will save us .
They are incapable of thinking the unthinkable .
Unemployment of almost 20 % is producing a downward spiral of negative growth .
85 % of Americans have no clue as to what lies ahead .
Until the system is purged there will be no recovery .
It will be interesting to see how little Timmy deals with Goldman Sachs ’ TARP desertion .
NYSE data shows Goldman traded 5 times as much volume for themselves compared to customer and agency orders in program trading .
Huge short interest stocks were the largest market gainers and the cost to borrow shares to short have soared and it is almost impossible to get stock , because illegally the brokerage houses have called in share loans on financial stocks .
How ’s that for rigging the market ?
New Rules Let Bank Increase Capital Reserves By $ 4 Billion :
The increase could make a critical difference in the federal government 's evaluation of the company 's ability to withstand a deepening recession , accounting experts said .
After the FASB change , which allows banks to substitute their own judgment in some cases , Wells Fargo decided market prices were too low by more than $ 4 billion , and it returned that amount to its capital pool .
Something was curiously absent from Wells Fargo 's triumphant first - quarter earnings material :
Any statement that the bank would try and quickly pay back government capital .
49 % of Wells Fargo's $ 119 billion of core home - equity loans are now on properties where the combined loan - to - value ratio is over 90 % , up from 43 % in the fourth quarter .
With risks like these , do n't expect Wells Fargo to repay the taxpayers anytime soon .
The starkly different fates of the neighboring banks show how the U.S. government 's approach to dealing with the industry 's worst crisis in a generation has shifted .
The decision to allow only one of the two banks to survive has fueled criticism that regulators are picking winners and losers , without disclosing their criteria for making the calls .
That , in turn , has shaken the confidence of bankers and private investors trying to decide whether to wade into the troubled sector .
With spending on unemployment insurance and other safety - net programs rising , the deficit is already at a record $ 956.8 billion six months into the fiscal year .
To help close that gap , the Treasury Department has more than quadrupled borrowing , pushing the government deeper into debt .
“ Tax receipts are just collapsing , ” said Chris Ahrens , head of interest - rate strategy at UBS Securities LLC in Stamford , Connecticut , one of 16 primary dealers required to bid at Treasury auctions .
The need to sell more debt “ is a big issue in the Treasury market and it is ongoing .
The surging budget deficit is the primary cause . ”
The government will have to sell $ 2.4 trillion in new bills , notes and bonds in fiscal 2009 , according to UBS .
When Warren Buffett speaks , it ’s usually worth paying attention .
This time , the Oracle of Omaha is voicing concerns about the ability of some battered local and state governments to pay off their debts .
The WSJ notes that hedge funds are competing with end - users for homes .
This boosts home sales data but it is a distortion of reality because the homes are not moving into ‘ end user ’ hands .
The Fed monetized another $ 7B ( 3s & 4s ) on Thursday .
The Treasury auction $ 8B of TIPS .
Who ’s the patsy ?
Morgan Stanley notes that with 40 % of S&P 500 reporting earnings , 77 % of non-financial companies have met or beat earnings expectations but only 28 % have met or beat revenue expectations , Cost cutting is the theme for Q1 .
But as we have cautioned , cost cutting will be more difficult in coming quarters .
Gold is back above $ 900 .
Though most of the western world is ignoring the Taliban ’s attempt to take over Pakistan and its nuclear arsenal , some people are acutely aware of the gravity of the situation .
The Fed ’s balance sheet surged to $ 2.2 trillion due to its monetization of $ 94.5B in securities for the week ended on Wednesday .
The Fed bought an astounding $ 75B of mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) .
Last month West Coast real estate rose 3.6 % says CNBC , as foreclosures rose 80 % in California .
As American citizens bailout the financial system we see bonuses being handed out to incompetents , who caused the problems – companies like Merrill Lynch and AIG should not be giving bonuses .
Politicians have expressed outrage but nothing will be done about it .
We have also found out government was complicit in the hiding of the Merrill Lynch bonuses .
It shows you what kind of government and financial institutions we have .
At any price fellow Illuminists have to be bailed out or falsely rewarded .
At AIG alone derivative traders received $ 165 million in taxpayer funds .
It is no coincidence that Senator Obama received $ 103,000 from AIG – his biggest campaign contribution .
Treasury ’s Tiny Tim Geithner engineered all this even when he was at the NY Fed .
Then there are the bonuses for Fannie and Freddie employees who lost $ 100 billion .
these were performance bonuses and did not have to be paid – government paid them anyway .
Adding frosting to the cake , 12 of the TARP recipient companies owe millions of dollars in back taxes , out of 23 .
We wonder how much is owed by the other 450 companies ?
There is no question that Wall Street , banking and government have betrayed the American people .
The question is how long will it be before Americans forcibly take their government back ?
All 3 branches , Executive , Judicial and Legislative are controlled from behind the scenes by Illuminists .
We are all now paying for the sellout of Congress that began years ago .
The main cogs in this horrible machine were the 1999 passed the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , which eliminated The Glass - Steagall Act and the 1995 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act , both of which allowed Wall Street to run rampant .
If the economic crisis has given you a sense of historical d
We 've all sat through one of those presentations where the animated slides are more interesting than the speaker .
Bold and brassy titles slide into view , tasty slices of pie chart fill the screen one by one , and a hail of arrows spikes the points the lecturer hopes to highlight .
But , are these custom animations and slide fades and dissolves actually adding anything to the lecture , or do they have a dark side that detracts from the message and impacts negatively on the message being presented ?
Microsoft PowerPoint has , over the last couple of decades , become the tool of choice for creating instructional slideshows .
Long gone for most are the overhead projector with its fickle fan and its high - temperature and temperamental bulb , the smudgy marker pen , and the transparent plastic sheet .
Instead , lecturers , speakers and anyone else with a visual message to present with their talk uses PowerPoint and its ilk to present their digital slides .
According to the authors of a study in the International Journal of Innovation and Learning published this month , many instructors use these options regularly with the impression that such effects enhance student learning by allowing concepts to be introduced incrementally .
Stephen Mahar of the University of North Carolina Wilmington and colleagues have explored the impact of custom animation in PowerPoint lectures and examined the idea that custom animation may , in fact , negatively impact student learning .
To test their hypothesis , the team recorded two versions of a PowerPoint lecture .
The presentations differed only in the presence of animation to incrementally present information .
They then showed students either the animated or non-animated lecture and then tested the students recall and comprehension of the lecture .
The team found a marked difference in average student performance , with those seeing the non-animated lecture performing much better in the tests than those who watched the animated lecture .
Students were able to recall details of the static graphics much better .
Animated slides meant to present information incrementally actually require greater concentration , which makes it harder to remember content as well as reducing overall exposure time to the " complete " slide , the researchers found .
Although students appear to like the use of animations in lectures delivered using PowerPoint , there is now strong evidence that animation is nothing more than an entertaining distraction .
The team points out that their study was applied only to the teaching of new concepts .
It is possible that teaching a technique might work more effectively with animated , rather than static , slides .
Follow - up work will investigate that possibility .
###
" The dark side of custom animation " in Int. J. Innovation and Learning , 2009 , 6 , 581-592
AMSTERDAM , June 19 ( Reuters ) - Dutch twin brothers who mugged a teenager in the northern town of Groningen were arrested after being caught on camera by a car gathering images for Google ’s online photo map service , police said .
The pair stole the 14 - year - old boy ’s mobile phone and 165 euros ( $ 230 ) in cash last September .
“ The picture was taken just a moment before the crime , ” a police spokesman said .
In March , the victim recognised himself and the two robbers while surfing Google Maps , which has a “ Street View ” feature allowing users to see images of buildings .
The images are usually taken by a camera mounted on a car .
After an investigation by the police , one of the 24 - year - old twins confessed to robbing the boy .
( $ 1=.7183 Euro ) ( Reporting by Harro ten Wolde )
Godfrey Rampling had celebrated his 100th birthday last month Britain 's oldest Olympian Godfrey Rampling , who won medals at the 1932 and 1936 Games in Los Angeles and Berlin , has died at the age of 100 .
Mr Rampling celebrated his 100th birthday in May with actress daughter Charlotte Rampling and other relatives .
A member of staff at his care home in Bushey , Hertfordshire , said on Sunday that he died in his sleep on 20 June .
A 400 m runner , he was a member of the Great Britain 4x400 m relay teams which won silver in 1932 and gold in 1936 .
In 1932 he anchored the 4x400 m relay team to silver behind the US .
It 's rather like when I was running .
The older I get , the slower I get
Godfrey Rampling , in an interview in May Four years later he ran a superb second leg to overtake his American rivals and help secure gold for his team .
Mr Rampling narrowly missed out on individual medals at both Games , but won gold in the 440 yards at the British Empire Games in 1934 .
Born in Blackheath , south - east London , he spent 29 years in the Royal Artillery before retiring with the rank of colonel in 1958 .
Linda Simpson , clinical manager at the nursing home where Mr Rampling lived , said : " He was a lovely gentleman , he was a true gentleman and he will be truly missed . "
Rampling ran alongside Fred Wolff , Bill Roberts and Arthur Brown in Berlin
On his 100th birthday on 14 May he was welcomed to his party by trumpeters from the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery .
The British Olympic Association was among those which offered its congratulations to Mr Rampling on his century .
" As our oldest living Olympic gold medallist his achievements both on the track , at the 1932 and 1936 Olympic Games , and off the track during his time in the Royal Artillery , are much to be proud of , " a spokeswoman said .
In an interview with the Independent newspaper the week before his birthday , Mr Rampling said : " How old did you say I am ?
A hundred next week ?
Really ?
Are you sure ?
Good Lord , I 'm surprised anyone remembers .
How nice .
" These days it 's rather like when I was running .
The older I get , the slower I get . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nothing like a good book burning to stir up a debate on free expression , said Alison Flood in the Guardian .
A group of Christians in Wisconsin is suing for the " right to publicly burn a copy of " Francesca Lia Block 's Baby Be-Bop , a gay teen coming - of - age novel .
The lawsuit comes after a court threw out a request by a West Bend , Wisc. , group to pull books they deemed to be sexually explicit off of library shelves .
It 's hard to believe " we are still plagued by book burning religious zealots " in the 21st century , said Micha Jaystone in Examiner.com .
At least this campaign by some West Bend , Wisc. , scolds to " restrict access to teenage books they deemed sexually explicit " was tossed out of court recently — hopefully , this " frivolous " book - burning lawsuit will be , too .
Nobody wants to ban legitimate literature , said the West Bend citizens blog Wisconsin Speaks Up .
We 're simply asking " for a balance of information and simple identification of sexually explicit books for minors . "
In fact , " religion , morality , politics , even pornography , have little to do with this matter " — we just want to " protect " our children " from inappropriate material in the public library . "
A lot has changed since we first published this article on the health benefits of eggs in 2006 .
Back then , eggs were still being demonized by most experts because of their high cholesterol content .
But now , in 2015 , the U.S. government has revised its guidelines on eggs and cholesterol - laden foods in general , saying that dietary cholesterol is not a “ nutrient of concern ” for most healthy people and probably does not raise cholesterol in the body .
So now that we do n’t have to worry as much about the cholesterol in eggs , we can enjoy them for their many health benefits .
Here are 10 health benefits of eggs , updated with some recent studies since we first published it .
EYE HEALTH
Eggs are great for the eyes .
The American Macular Degeneration Foundation says that eggs are one of the foods that may prevent or slow the progress of macular degeneration .
According to a 2009 study , older adults who consumed four egg yolks a day for five weeks had improved macular health .
The reason for eggs ’ eye health properties is their carotenoid content , specifically lutein and zeaxanthin .
Both nutrients are more readily available to our bodies from eggs than from other sources .
CARDIOVASCULAR HEALTH
According to the Mayo Clinic , moderate consumption of eggs ( up to seven eggs per week ) may prevent some types of stroke .
A study at Yale University found that it was safe for people with heart disease to eat two eggs per day without any negative impact .
HEALTHY PREGNANCY
Eating eggs during pregnancy can help to prevent birth defects because they are so nutritionally rich , with vitamins and minerals that are necessary for a healthy baby like folate , choline , and selenium .
However , pregnant women should never eat raw or undercooked eggs .
PROTEIN AND AMINO ACIDS
Eggs contain about 6.28 grams of protein , making them one of the best food sources of protein .
Eggs also contain all nine essential amino acids and three of the non-essential amino acids .
BRAIN HEALTH
One egg yolk has about 300 micrograms of choline , an important nutrient that helps to regulate the brain , nervous system , and cardiovascular system .
A study at Boston University School of Medicine found that people who ate a lot of eggs and chicken , both of which contain choline , had lower rates of dementia as they aged .
HEALTHY FATS
One egg contains just 5 grams of fat and only 1.5 grams of that is saturated fat .
The rest of the fat in eggs is heart - healthy monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat .
FOOD SOURCE OF VITAMIN D
Eggs are one of the only foods that contain naturally occurring vitamin D. Vitamin D is essential for bone health , immunity , and much more .
WEIGHT LOSS
Eggs are a great food when you ’re trying to lose weight .
They are low in calories ( about 80 calories per egg ) and the protein they contain will keep you fuller longer .
One study published in the International Journal of Obesity found that , when eggs were eaten for breakfast instead of bagels and total calories were limited each day , subjects experienced weight loss .
HEALTHY HAIR AND NAILS
Eggs promote healthy hair and nails because of their high sulphur content and wide array of vitamins and minerals .
Many people find their hair growing faster after adding eggs to their diet , especially if they were previously deficient in foods containing sulphur or B12 .
CONCLUSION
There are so many great ways to enjoy eggs that they never get boring .
Whether your favorite egg dish is an omelette or egg salad sandwich , it ’s easy to get all the nutrition they contain while reaping their health benefits and maybe even shedding a few pounds !
Check out 10 Cool Breakfast Prep
Tools for some great breakfast gadget gift ideas for you or that special person on your gift list .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Overhauling its flagship site is one of Yahoo's biggest undertakings this year Yahoo has unveiled sweeping changes to its front page aimed at shoring up its position as the main portal to the web .
Consumers in the US are the first to benefit from a new , customisable format which lets them link to third parties like Google and Twitter .
The new style will be introduced to parts of Europe and India later this week and Asia later in the year .
" We want to be at the centre of people 's lives online , " said Yahoo's consumer experiences head Tapan Bhat .
" There is a destination for everything you are about in just a click or two .
Now we are looking at Yahoo holistically , all centred around the user , " Mr Bhat told reporters in a conference call .
The key is personalisation and the biggest change involves a bar on the left hand side of the page , called My Favorites .
Here , users can customise links to Yahoo and other services they use the most from news to social networks to email to movies .
While there are over 60 of these applications at the moment , consumers can add their own by typing in web addresses .
There are also plans to allow other software developers to design their own , more sophisticated applications that people can add .
" The new homepage is designed to make Yahoo the web 's number one destination portal by once again giving people one place to access everything , " said Ben Parr , associate editor of social media blog Mashable.com .
' Gateway to the web '
Yahoo has described the overhaul as the most " radical " and " fundamental " make - over of the site since it began more than a decade ago .
The make - over was known internally as Metro Changes to its front page were announced back in October 2007 and the company began testing with users around a year ago .
At its annual shareholder meeting last month , Yahoo's chief executive officer Carol Bartz said the redesign was on target for completion by the autumn .
Yahoo's front page is seen as vital to the company 's future and is regarded as prime real estate because it serves as an entry point for users , and as a result commands premium advertisement prices .
" Yahoo has been losing ground as a gateway to the web with individual services ranging from Google to Facebook to Twitter , " said Business Week 's Rob Hof .
" So a home page that can connect them in one fell swoop to those services is its only hope to maintain its status as a key starting point on the internet - and one of the few places online where advertisers can reach a TV - sized audience . "
An estimated 570 million people visit Yahoo every month .
' Renaissance '
The launch of the new home page comes as speculation and rumour mount that Yahoo is near to finalising a deal with Microsoft over a search and advertising partnership .
The company is also facing increasing competition from the software giant following the release of its
Bing internet search engine last month .
Microsoft 's Bing search engine is giving Yahoo some competition
There is little doubt that Yahoo is hoping this overhaul will revitalise both the company itself and the way it is viewed .
" It marks the beginning of a renaissance of Yahoo , a renaissance where every pixel matters , " said Yahoo's Mr Bhat .
While it is too early to tell how successful the changes will be , industry watchers say they are impressed .
" Time will tell if it is a success , but it is certainly a good and even innovative effort , in much the same spirit as Microsoft has had with its new Bing search offering , " said Kara Swisher from AllThingsD .
" And while some might complain it is not ' cutting edge ' enough , it seems just the right amount of re-jiggering and open feel for the mass of users it serves . "
Users who want to take advantage of the new home page will have to opt-in and click on a link to select the new design .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Pirate Bay guys were judged to pay about $ 3,5 million to companies in film and recordbusiness .
It was decided that if some of them have less money than the others someone will have to pay a larger share .
But today Swedish papers are writing that the authorities can’t find any assets to use .
The only one who may could have payed the fine is Carl Lundström , but he is registered as a Swizz citizen and Swedish authoroties can’t use his assets because of this .
Most likely the fine will never be payed .
Many think this is hillarious and see this as a punishment for greedy record and movie companies .
Is n’t this typical ?
Many verdicts get printed on the front page where the verdict is crushing , but very often the case turns – weeks , months or years later and the verdict becomes useless .
But when that happends nothing get printed in the media .
Links :
SMP
SVD
The mountain lion was shot and killed on Monday after it attacked a dog brought in to track the animal , which was four to five years old .
Authorities say it was in poor physical condition and appeared to be starving .
Holy balls !
Did you watch the Home Run derby the other night ?
I did n't .
But if I had , I would have wondered : How did they manage to show those cool balls ' trails in real time ?
Advertisement
The mechanism involves a complicated math algorithm that tracks and predicts the ball 's trajectory in real time , only 400 milliseconds after being hit .
To get the data needed for the calculation , ESPN uses a 2000 Hz Doppler radar which follows the ball 's speed , location and spin , given precise data of distance travelled , something that before took seconds or even minutes to calculate .
After calculation , the path is shown overlaid on screen in real time , chasing the ball precisely .
The results are quite cool , even while they fail ( again ) at making baseball exciting to me .
[ Popular Science ]
Advertisement
And yes , I hereby declare today Gizmodo 's Official Ball Celebration Day .
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 441568
United States
06/16/2009 09:31 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
Anyone using
Twitter over the past few days knows that the topic of the Iranian election has been the most popular .
Thousands of tweets and retweets alleging that the election was a fraud , calling for protests in Iran , and even urging followers hack various Iranian news websites ( which they did successfully ) .
The Twitter popularity caught the eye of various blogs such as Mashable and TechCrunch and even made its way to mainstream news media sites .
Were these legitimate Iranian people or the works of a propaganda machine ?
I became curious and decided to investigate the origins of the information .
In doing so , I narrowed it down to a handful of people who have accounted for 30,000 Iran related tweets in the past few days .
Each of them had some striking similarities -
1 . They each created their twitter accounts on Saturday June 13th .
2. Each had extremely high number of Tweets since creating their profiles .
3. “ IranElection ” was each of their most popular keyword
4 . With some very small exceptions , each were posting in ENGLISH .
5 . Half of them had the exact same profile photo
6 . Each had thousands of followers , with only a few friends .
Most of their friends were EACH OTHER .
Why were these tweets in English ?
Why were all of these profiles OBSESSED with Iran ?
It became obvious that this was the work of a team of people with an interest in destabilizing Iran .
The profiles are phonies and were created with the sole intention of destabilizing Iran and effecting public opinion as to the legitimacy of Iran ’s election .
I narrowed the spammers down to three of the most persistent - @ StopAhmadi @IranRiggedElect @Change_For_Iran
I decided to do a google search for 2 of the 3 - @ StopAhmadi and @IranRiggedElect .
The first page to come up was JPost ( Jerusalem Post ) which is a right wing newspaper pro-Israeli newspaper .
JPost actually ran a story about 3 people “ who joined the social network mere hours ago have already amassed thousands of followers . ”
Why would a news organization post a story about 3 people who JUST JOINED TWITTER hours earlier ?
Is that newsworthy ?
Jpost was the first ( and only to my knowledge ) major news source that mentioned these 3 spammers .
The fact that JPost promoted these three Twitterers who went on the be the source of the IranElection Twitter bombardment is , unfortunately , evidence that this was an Israeli propaganda campaign against Iran .
I must admit that I had my suspiscions .
After all , Que Bono ?
( latin for “ Who Benefits ) .
There ’s no question that Israel perceives Iran as an enemy , more so than any other nation .
Destabilizing the country would benefit them .
Meet The Spammers
IranRiggedElect
3146 followers . 31 friends .
340 tweets in past 4 days .
none before that .
Top 5 words - iranelection , cnnfail , mousavi , tehran ,
All tweets in English
Time : Bulk between 12 pm and 2 pm eastern standard time
Most retweets : @ StopAhmadi @IranElection09 @change_for_iran
Change_for_Iran
14,000 followers .
0 friends
117 tweets in 2 days .
none before that .
All tweets in English
Time : Bulk between 8:00 pm and 11:00 pm eastern .
Top 5 words : iranelection , people , police , right , students
No retweets
IranElection09
800 followers .
9 friends .
196 tweets in 3 days .
none before that .
185 in English . 11 in Farsi ( Arabic appearing letters .
Not sure if it ’s Farsi )
Time : bulk between 2:00 pm and 6:00 pm eastern .
Also 1:00 am .
Top 5 words : iranelection , rt , mousavi , tehran , march
Most retweets : @IranRiggedElect @ StopAhmadi
StopAhmadi
6199 followers . 53 friends .
1107 tweets in past 3 days .
None before then .
top 5 words : iranelection , ppl , news , rt , iran .
All tweets in English
Time : bulk between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm eastern
Most retweets : @mohamadreza @mahdi
mohamadreza
1433 followers .
142 friends
( protected account .
cant see data )
The following all have the same photo in their profile and are followed by the profiles previously mentioned .
whereismyvote_normal
[ link to twitter.com ]
[ link to twitter.com ]
[
[ link to twitter.com ]
[ link to twitter.com ]
[
Click below for the JPost Article
[ link to www.chartingstocks.net]
Right - wing Israeli interests are engaged in an all out Twitter attack with hopes of delegitimizing the Iranian election and causing political instability within Iran .
Anyone using Twitter over the past few days knows that the topic of the Iranian election has been the most popular .
Thousands of tweets and retweets alleging that the election was a fraud , calling for protests in Iran , and even urging followers hack various Iranian news websites ( which they did successfully ) .
The Twitter popularity caught the eye of various blogs such as Mashable and TechCrunch and even made its way to mainstream news media sites .
Were these legitimate Iranian people or the works of a propaganda machine ?
I became curious and decided to investigate the origins of the information .
In doing so , I narrowed it down to a handful of people who have accounted for 30,000 Iran related tweets in the past few days .
Each of them had some striking similarities - 1 .
They each created their twitter accounts on Saturday June 13th.2 .
Each had extremely high number of Tweets since creating their profiles .
3. “ IranElection ” was each of their most popular keyword4 .
With some very small exceptions , each were posting in ENGLISH.5 .
Half of them had the exact same profile photo6 .
Each had thousands of followers , with only a few friends .
Most of their friends were EACH OTHER .
Why were these tweets in English ?
Why were all of these profiles OBSESSED with Iran ?
It became obvious that this was the work of a team of people with an interest in destabilizing Iran .
The profiles are phonies and were created with the sole intention of destabilizing Iran and effecting public opinion as to the legitimacy of Iran ’s election .
I narrowed the spammers down to three of the most persistent - @ StopAhmadi @IranRiggedElect @Change_For_IranI decided to do a google search for 2 of the 3 - @ StopAhmadi and @IranRiggedElect .
The first page to come up was JPost ( Jerusalem Post ) which is a right wing newspaper pro-Israeli newspaper .
JPost actually ran a story about 3 people “ who joined the social network mere hours ago have already amassed thousands of followers . ”
Why would a news organization post a story about 3 people who JUST JOINED TWITTER hours earlier ?
Is that newsworthy ?
Jpost was the first ( and only to my knowledge ) major news source that mentioned these 3 spammers .
The fact that JPost promoted these three Twitterers who went on the be the source of the IranElection Twitter bombardment is , unfortunately , evidence that this was an Israeli propaganda campaign against Iran .
I must admit that I had my suspiscions .
After all , Que Bono ?
( latin for “ Who Benefits ) .
There ’s no question that Israel perceives Iran as an enemy , more so than any other nation .
Destabilizing the country would benefit them .
Meet The SpammersIranRiggedElect3146 followers . 31 friends.340 tweets in past 4 days .
none before that .
Top 5 words - iranelection , cnnfail , mousavi , tehran , All tweets in EnglishTime : Bulk between 12 pm and 2 pm eastern standard timeMost retweets : @ StopAhmadi @IranElection09 @change_for_iranChange_for_Iran14,000 followers . 0 friends117 tweets in 2 days .
none before that .
All tweets in EnglishTime : Bulk between 8:00 pm and 11:00 pm eastern .
Top 5 words : iranelection , people , police , right , studentsNo retweetsIranElection09800 followers .
9 friends .196 tweets in 3 days .
none before that .185 in English .
11 in Farsi ( Arabic appearing letters .
Not sure if it ’s Farsi ) Time : bulk between 2:00 pm and 6:00 pm eastern .
Also 1:00 am . Top 5 words : iranelection , rt , mousavi , tehran , marchMost retweets : @IranRiggedElect @StopAhmadiStopAhmadi6199 followers . 53 friends .1107 tweets in past 3 days .
None before then .top 5 words : iranelection , ppl , news , rt , iran .
All tweets in EnglishTime : bulk between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm easternMost retweets : @mohamadreza @mahdimohamadreza1433 followers .
142 friends ( protected account .
cant see data )
The following all have the same photo in their profile and are followed by the profiles previously mentioned .
whereismyvote_normal link to twitter.com ] ( 14,000 followers ) link to twitter.com ] ( 800 followers . 9 friends . )
Click below for the JPost Article
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703921
Slovenia
06/16/2009 09:42 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Nice work !!!!
We need more people like you , who take the time and investigate these claims .
As for the spammers , they are probably known to us .
I would say one is GAIA the other JADR and the third probably Grizzled Old Goat .
They 've not been as present as usual these past few days , so I assume they spent their shill time on Twitter .
Galaxy
User ID : 701959
Netherlands
06/16/2009 10:05 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
Who wants to bet this wont be pinned ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
I do .
So , the least we can do for this good investigation is to give it 5 stars , and give it a
from time to time .
Luctor et Emergo .
I do .
So , the least we can do for this good investigation is to give it 5 stars , and give it afrom time to time .
Elijah
User ID : 695669
United States
06/16/2009 10:19 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Last Edited by Elijah on 06/16/2009 10:20 AM
I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703921
Slovenia
06/16/2009 10:23 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Quoting : Elijah
Interesting .... I was wrong about being pinned .
Nice work Elijah ....
At least one mod knows that truth does n't have only one side of the story .
Interesting .... I was wrong about being pinned .
Nice work Elijah ....
At least one mod knows that truth does n't have only one side of the story .
Elijah
User ID : 695669
United States
06/16/2009 10:24 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Interesting .... I was wrong about being pinned .
Nice work Elijah ....
At least one mod knows that truth does n't have only one side of the story .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
I think you 'll have a hard time explaining the pics away and how it is that only three people can create so much dissent that is n't real .
Still it was a good job of trying to find a connection .
Last Edited by Elijah on 06/16/2009 10:24 AM
I think you 'll have a hard time explaining the pics away and how it is that only three people can create so much dissent that is n't real .
Still it was a good job of trying to find a connection .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 475553
United States
06/16/2009 10:30 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Quoting : Elijah
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703921
Slovenia
06/16/2009 10:30 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Edit to add and for the detractors of this theory , please focus your time on the data instead of personal attacks and me .
Interesting .... I was wrong about being pinned .
Nice work Elijah ....
At least one mod knows that truth does n't have only one side of the story .
I think you 'll have a hard time explaining the pics away and how it is that only three people can create so much dissent that is n't real .
Still it was a good job of trying to find a connection .
Quoting : Elijah
Well , I know how such people operate .
In 1953 , the CIA managed to overthrow the Iranian president with 5 operatives and a couple of thousand paid protesters .
And the US sponsored dictatorship lasted 20 + years .
So explain how they managed that !
I know and I think you know it too , that the tactics they use are beyond ingenious .
Well , I know how such people operate .
In 1953 , the CIA managed to overthrow the Iranian president with 5 operatives and a couple of thousand paid protesters .
And the US sponsored dictatorship lasted 20 + years .
So explain how they managed that !
I know and I think you know it too , that the tactics they use are beyond ingenious .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703956
Spain
06/16/2009 10:38 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
I have seen twitter in huffington post this days and there was a lot of acurate reports going on twitter and the MSM hasn´t reported it .
Killings , army movements ( Right now they are commenting the army has appeared in Tehran to crush the demonstrators ) shootings , situation on other iranian towns like isfahan , shiraz or tabriz ...
It ´s true that maybe 3 or 4 of characters were agents , but the most of the people posting there NOT I have seen twitter in huffington post this days and there was a lot of acurate reports going on twitter and the MSM hasn´t reported it .
Killings , army movements ( Right now they are commenting the army has appeared in Tehran to crush the demonstrators ) shootings , situation on other iranian towns like isfahan , shiraz or tabriz ...
It ´s true that maybe 3 or 4 of characters were agents , but the most of the people posting there NOT
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703950
United States
06/16/2009 10:41 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
Would anyone who has a firm grasp of the knowledge of all that is Jewish be surprised ?
I think not .
q
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 679335
" All that is Jewish " ?
Your pointy white hat is showing .
" All that is Jewish " ?
Your pointy white hat is showing .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 698010
Netherlands
06/16/2009 10:43 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter
It ´s true that maybe 3 or 4 of characters were agents , but the most of the people posting there NOT
It ´s true that maybe 3 or 4 of characters were agents , but the most of the people posting there NOT Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703956
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 373696
United States
06/16/2009 10:47 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter I 'd like to see some links to some more of OP 's claims that establish the Israeli connection , but this what GLP is all about regardless who it angers .
Quoting : Elijah
+
1
Interesting stuff in any case .
+1 Interesting stuff in any case .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703967
United States
06/16/2009 10:50 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Nice work !!!!
We need more people like you , who take the time and investigate these claims .
As for the spammers , they are probably known to us .
I would say one is GAIA the other JADR and the third probably Grizzled Old Goat .
They 've not been as present as usual these past few days , so I assume they spent their shill time on Twitter .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
good point good point
Grizzled Old Goat
User ID : 703618
Canada
06/16/2009 10:53 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Nice work !!!!
We need more people like you , who take the time and investigate these claims .
As for the spammers , they are probably known to us .
I would say one is GAIA the other JADR and the third probably Grizzled Old Goat .
They 've not been as present as usual these past few days , so I assume they spent their shill time on Twitter .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
Well , if this is true - it means that Israel is a better friend to the people of Iran than you idiots are !
VIVA MOUSAVI !
Is45
User ID : 698696
United States
06/16/2009 10:55 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Right - wing Israeli interests are engaged in an all out Twitter attack with hopes of delegitimizing the Iranian election and causing political instability within Iran .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 441568
Propaganda is a weapon .
This is why the US journalists were arrested in North Korea ...
they were there to make propaganda for the west to destabilize NK .
The pen is mightier than the sword .
" North Korea says 2 convicted US journalists have admitted they crossed the border to shoot a video for a " smear campaign against Pyongyang . "
about 2 hours ago from BNO Headquarters
[ link to twitter.com ]
~
Last Edited by Is45 on 06/16/2009 10:55 AM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Beyond , There Be Dragons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Propaganda is a weapon .
This is why the US journalists were arrested in North Korea ... they were there to make propaganda for the west to destabilize NK . "
North Korea says 2 convicted US journalists have admitted they crossed the border to shoot a video for a " smear campaign against Pyongyang . " about 2 hours ago from BNO Headquarters
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 630140
United States
06/16/2009 10:57 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Nice work !!!!
We need more people like you , who take the time and investigate these claims .
As for the spammers , they are probably known to us .
I would say one is GAIA the other JADR and the third probably Grizzled Old Goat .
They 've not been as present as usual these past few days , so I assume they spent their shill time on Twitter .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
You have to invoke megaphone for some folks to show up .
Just start a new thread about anything to with Israel or Jewish folks .
It can even be kind and warm about them , but I guarantee it will set off megaphones keywords spider .
You have to invoke megaphone for some folks to show up .
Just start a new thread about anything to with Israel or Jewish folks .
It can even be kind and warm about them , but I guarantee it will set off megaphones keywords spider .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 703970
United States
06/16/2009 11:00 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter Nice work !!!!
We need more people like you , who take the time and investigate these claims .
As for the spammers , they are probably known to us .
I would say one is GAIA the other JADR and the third probably Grizzled Old Goat .
They 've not been as present as usual these past few days , so I assume they spent their shill time on Twitter .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 703921
Yes , it is odd that Grizzled goat has mysteriously stopped posting his usual onslaught of muslim propagndas , now that Iran has re-elected it prior president .
Goat is someone I would never trust about anything .
I dont know what his mission was , but something did not make sense with him and his posting habits .
Yes , it is odd that Grizzled goat has mysteriously stopped posting his usual onslaught of muslim propagndas , now that Iran has re-elected it prior president .
Goat is someone I would never trust about anything .
I dont know what his mission was , but something did not make sense with him and his posting habits .
Anonymous Coward ( OP )
User ID : 441568
United States
06/16/2009 11:03 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Proof : Israeli Effort to Destabilize Iran Via Twitter The Plot To Destabilize Iran
Mir -Hossein Mousavi is alleged to be a friend of Manuchehr Ghorbanifar ( Iranian arms merchant , alleged MOSSAD double agent , and key figure in the Iran / Contra Affair )
We are not fans of the Ayatollahs in Iran .
We believe that they were put into power by the CIA and MI6 .
WAS KHOMEINI AN AGENT OF THE US AND UK GOVERNMENTS ?
Now , it looks as if the CIA and its friends are trying to toppple Ahmadinejad .
Or , at least , force Iran to negotiate .
Iran : Some Dots You May Want To Connect
In what ways has Iran upset the CIA ?
In the past , Ahmadijedad has dared to criticise Israel .
Iran is becoming more friendly with China , Russia and India .
GANGING UP ON THE USA , IN YEKATERINBURG
According to Xymphora ( Iran election wrap ) :
“ Mousavi , a politician who had been out of power for twenty years , entered the race at almost the last moment .
The poll showed he did n’t even come close to Ahmadinejad amongst his own ethnic group .
“ Ahmadinejad is considered to be personally completely non-corrupt , while a major supporter of Mousavei , Hashemi Rafsanjani , is infamous in Iran for his corruption .
“ Mousavi is also good pals with Manucher Ghorbanifar !
“ Remember the meeting in Rome with Ledeen in which they cooked up the trickery which led to the disastrous American attack on Iraq ?
“ Remember the Niger documents ?
“ The connections to corruption and to the neocons make Mousavi ’s recent actions quite understandable .
“ He never thought he was going to win .
“ He was in the election from the get go as part of a neocon / Zionist plot to destabilize Iran and make the election ‘ illegitimate ’ , thus making it easier for the Jews to claim that the United States ‘ had no negotiating partner ’ . ”
The Plot To Destabilize Iran Iran New York City - photo by John Catolinatto
People Power only works when supported by the elite ?
1. lets look at the UKRAINE .
The Orange Revolution looks like a CIA operation to replace a set of pro-Russian oligarchs with a set of pro-American oligarchs .
Ian Traynor , in The Guardian 26 November 2004 ( US campaign behind the turmoil in Kiev Special reports … ) , described the Ukraine ’s Orange Revolution as ‘ an American creation , a sophisticated and brilliantly conceived exercise in western branding and mass marketing …
‘ The Democratic party ’s National Democratic Institute , the Republican party ’s International Republican Institute , the US state department and USAid are the main agencies involved in these grassroots campaigns as well as the Freedom House NGO and billionaire George Soros ’s open society institute . ‘
After the Orange Revolution , Mr Yushchenko personal popularity rating soon slumped to 20 % as people realised they had been conned .
( Yushchenko scorned as Ukraine turns its back on the orange … )
What happened in Serbia was also planned , apparently , by the USA .
( US campaign behind the turmoil in Kiev Special reports …)
2 . Now let us look at revolts in Eastern Europe , including Hungary and Romania .
In 1956 there was revolt in Hungary against the communist regime .
There was no serious support for the rebels from the CIA and its friends and the revolt was crushed .
The 1989 revolt in Romania was successful .
An article apparently written by former Securitate officers ( ‘ Was This Your Revolution ?
This is How It Was ! ’
Democratia , No. 36 , 24-30 Sept. 1990 ) describes how the CIA and KGB organised the fall of Ceausescu .
Reportedly , key figures in the revolt were working for the CIA and KGB , including Militaru ( allegedly a KGB - CIA double agent ) and the former Securitate officer and adviser to Ceausescu , Dumitru Mazilu ( allegedly a CIA agent ) , and Silviu Brucan ( allegedly both a CIA and KGB agent ) .
Reportedly , just before the revolt , there were ‘ massive arrivals of so - called Hungarian tourists in Timisoara and Soviet tourists in Cluj ’ .
3 . What about the Philippines ?
By the mid 1980s , the CIA had decided that Marcos was no longer the person to run the Philippines .
The CIA wanted someone more ‘ popular ’ .
So a People Power movement was used to replace Marcos with Aquino .
4. Indonesia provides the best example of CIA - organised People Power .
At some point in the 1990s Suharto was seen by some Americans as having become too powerful and too independent minded .
Suharto was giving too many business contracts to his family and Chinese - Indonesian cronies , rather than to American companies like Ford .
Some people in the Pentagon considered the possibility of having a general such as Prabowo or Wiranto or Yuhhoyono take over .
In order to topple Suharto there would need to be riots .
In Indonesia , in the years 1997 - 1998 , there were riots in various parts of Indonesia .
Some riots looked spontaneous and some looked as if they had been planned .
( [
[ link to www.prisonplanet.com]
Mir -Hossein Mousavi is alleged to be a friend of Manuchehr Ghorbanifar ( Iranian arms merchant , alleged MOSSAD double agent , and key figure in the Iran / Contra Affair ) We are not fans of the Ayatollahs in Iran .
We believe that they were put into power by the CIA and MI6 .
WAS KHOMEINI AN AGENT OF THE US AND UK GOVERNMENTS ?
Now , it looks as if the CIA and its friends are trying to toppple Ahmadinejad .
Or , at least , force Iran to negotiate .
Iran : Some Dots You May Want To ConnectIn what ways has Iran upset the CIA ?
In the past , Ahmadijedad has dared to criticise Israel .
Iran is becoming more friendly with China , Russia and India .
GANGING UP ON THE USA , IN YEKATERINBURGAccording to Xymphora ( Iran election wrap ) : “ Mousavi , a politician who had been out of power for twenty years , entered the race at almost the last moment .
The poll showed he did n’t even come close to Ahmadinejad amongst his own ethnic group .
“ Ahmadinejad is considered to be personally completely non-corrupt , while a major supporter of Mousavei , Hashemi Rafsanjani , is infamous in Iran for his corruption .
“ Mousavi is also good pals with Manucher Ghorbanifar !
“ Remember the meeting in Rome with Ledeen in which they cooked up the trickery which led to the disastrous American attack on Iraq ?
“ Remember the Niger documents ?
“ The connections to corruption and to the neocons make Mousavi ’s recent actions quite understandable .
“ He never thought he was going to win .
“ He was in the election from the get go as part of a neocon / Zionist plot to destabilize Iran and make the election ‘ illegitimate ’ , thus making it easier for the Jews to claim that the United States ‘ had no negotiating partner ’ .
” The Plot To Destabilize Iran Iran New York City - photo by John CatolinattoPeople Power only works when supported by the elite ?
1. lets look at the UKRAINE .
The Orange Revolution looks like a CIA operation to replace a set of pro-Russian oligarchs with a set of pro-American oligarchs .
Ian Traynor , in The Guardian 26 November 2004 ( US campaign behind the turmoil in Kiev Special reports … ) , described the Ukraine ’s Orange Revolution as ‘ an American creation , a sophisticated and brilliantly conceived exercise in western branding and mass marketing …
‘ The Democratic party ’s National Democratic Institute , the Republican party ’s International Republican Institute , the US state department and USAid are the main agencies involved in these grassroots campaigns as well as the Freedom House NGO and billionaire George Soros ’s open society institute .
‘ After the Orange Revolution , Mr Yushchenko personal popularity rating soon slumped to 20 % as people realised they had been conned .
( Yushchenko scorned as Ukraine turns its back on the orange … ) What happened in Serbia was also planned , apparently , by the USA .
( US campaign behind the turmoil in Kiev Special reports … ) 2 .
Now let us look at revolts in Eastern Europe , including Hungary and Romania .
In 1956 there was revolt in Hungary against the communist regime .
There was no serious support for the rebels from the CIA and its friends and the revolt was crushed .
The 1989 revolt in Romania was successful .
An article apparently written by former Securitate officers ( ‘ Was This Your Revolution ?
This is How It Was ! ’
Democratia , No. 36 , 24-30 Sept. 1990 ) describes how the CIA and KGB organised the fall of Ceausescu .
Reportedly , key figures in the revolt were working for the CIA and KGB , including Militaru ( allegedly a KGB - CIA double agent ) and the former Securitate officer and adviser to Ceausescu , Dumitru Mazilu ( allegedly a CIA agent ) , and Silviu Brucan ( allegedly both a CIA and KGB agent ) .
Reportedly , just before the revolt , there were ‘ massive arrivals of so - called Hungarian tourists in Timisoara and Soviet tourists in Cluj ’.3 .
What about the Philippines ?
By the mid 1980s , the CIA had decided that Marcos was no longer the person to run the Philippines .
The CIA wanted someone more ‘ popular ’ .
So a People Power movement was used to replace Marcos with Aquino .
4 .
Indonesia provides the best example of CIA - organised People Power .
At some point in the 1990s Suharto was seen by some Americans as having become too powerful and too independent minded .
Suharto was giving too many business contracts to his family and Chinese - Indonesian cronies , rather than to American companies like Ford .
Some people in the Pentagon considered the possibility of having a general such as Prabowo or Wiranto or Yuhhoyono take over .
In order to topple Suharto there would need to be riots .
In Indonesia , in the years 1997 - 1998 , there were riots in various parts of Indonesia .
Some riots looked spontaneous and some looked as if they had been planned .
( [ link to www.insideindonesia.org
Well , I did n't see that coming .
Any of that , really .
My jaw dropped multiple times during last night 's Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , an episode I had to watch twice in a row .
Spoiler rampage !
I 've been a huge fan of T:SCC since its beginnings , but last night 's episode felt like a whole new level .
It was the first time I really thought this show might go down in history as one of the best science fiction shows of all time .
We 're approaching Battlestar Galactica / The Prisoner levels of greatness .
If the show gets a third season - which seems unlikely , since its ratings took a dive again , after a few weeks of positive trends - we could be looking at a whole new era of brilliance .
Advertisement
You know a show is doing something right when the startling twists , like a character dying or another character getting arrested in a high - profile way , are n't the thing your brain buzzes about afterwards .
For me , it was the scene above : John Henry knows he 's surrounded by robots .
He 's seen two robots fighting , and he 's known for some time that Catherine Weaver is not human .
He 's learned to lie , and he 's learning to sacrifice human life when necessary .
But at the same time , the survival of the human race may depend on him .
And then Weaver hits us with the really big left turn : instead of being Abel to Skynet 's Cain , John Henry may actually be God .
( Which would mean that Skynet is in competition with a third A.I . ?
And John
Henry is going to judge them both ?
That would make sense , if this competing A.I. sent Catherine Weaver back from the future to create John Henry .
And yet , the mind boggles . )
Advertisement
I can already see how this might turn out : John Henry is the potential savior of humanity , an A.I. with a conscience , however flawed .
And now he's on John Connor 's radar , which means he and his pet Terminator are going to do their level best to wipe him out .
If Connor succeeds , he may be dooming humanity to the same fate he 's been struggling to prevent all these years .
So yes , Derek died last night - my favorite character on the show - and it was done in a way television deaths never happen .
Randomly , without fanfare , and in the middle of an episode .
Just when you least expect it , in other words .
It 's set up , very slightly , by the scene in the graveyard where he and John talk , once again , about how everyone dies for John .
( Which is also well handled , because at this point , it 's a conversation Derek and John have had so often , they do n't even need to go over it again . )
But of course , in the end , Derek does n't die for John .
If anything , he dies for Savannah Weaver .
It was a great death , but at the same time , I 'm going to miss Derek if this show comes back without him .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
It 's interesting that Skynet sent humans to kill the Connors , but then it anted up and sent a Terminator after Savannah .
Maybe because it knew that Savannah 's mom was one of the high - end Terminators herself ?
I 'm left wondering if this is Future Skynet , or Present Skynet , orchestrating this new wave of destruction .
It was Present Skynet that launched the worm that attacked John Henry last week , so it 's implied that Present Skynet is also behind the other mayhem .
As John Henry was wondering about his " brother , " I was wondering what Skynet would make of such a powerful A.I. being hooked up to a human avatar - in some ways , it seems like a major downgrade , forcing all that intelligence to interact through such a narrow - bandwidth portal .
Advertisement
The new and improved , smarter John Connor - the one who figured out Riley 's secret - was in full effect last night , tracking down Savannah in time to save her , and then figuring out who / what John Henry was and what Cromartie 's body was doing , before Sarah or Cameron did .
Sarah was on the verge of walking into a major trap - even worse than the one she actually did walk into - before John realized that Zeira Corp. was creating a Skynet - esque A.I. , and Catherine Weaver was at the center of all this .
( Although Cameron was right - they never should have let Ellison get away with stealing Beastwizard 's body .
I loved her " I do n't want to kill everybody .
Just him . " )
Speaking of Ellison , he apparently still does n't know that Catherine Weaver is a Terminator , but he definitely has an inkling about what she 's up to - or what she 's apparently up to .
He 's become quite a slippery character , handling a suspicious cop with ease .
And look at the way he played Sarah Connor - " Oh my .
I was just minding my own business , and wherever I turn , there you are . "
Ellison is in this up to his neck , but he still manages to act like he 's just passing through .
I would n't be at all surprised if he had called the cops to come get Sarah Connor - since he knows what she would do to John Henry - and then lied about it to John .
For all his Bible thumping , he 's a bit of a cynic , and maybe that 's the point : John Henry needs a dash of realism mixed in with his ethics .
Advertisement
( Oh , and I loved the whole thing about Savannah 's teacher thinking John Henry is a MySpace predator . )
The conversation between the cop and Catherine Weaver , about her pet eel , was pretty revealing .
It seemed like the cop was trying to size up Weaver , and everything he found out about her eel applied to her too .
She stays in hiding , she only attacks when provoked .
( Or when someone tries to pee on her . )
She 's willing to kill her own kind , when necessary .
Advertisement
As for Sarah herself , she seemed even harder hit by the deaths of Charley and Derek than John was .
She 's lost weight - which could be due to stress , instead of cancer - and even now that her breast lump turned out to be a false alarm , she 's still contemplating her own mortality .
With Derek and Charley both out of the picture , John is running out of protectors if anything happens to Sarah - which , of course , it just did .
( Of course , one of the promo stills from next week 's episode shows Sarah and John entering Zeira Corp. with James Ellison , so she 's not staying locked up forever . )
Too late , Sarah is realizing that John 's going to be left alone with Cameron - the fate Jesse tried so hard to prevent .
Maybe Jesse was right after all ?
This is a long - form of the standard recipe that omits no details or explanations .
If you plan to make limoncello ( also incorrectly spelled " lemoncello " or " lemonchello " ) at home and have never tried it before , you should read this very closely .
Step One : Select Lemons
Cut a hole in the box .
( Just kidding . )
The first step is actually to select your lemons .
Whenever possible , select organic lemons because it ’s actually the skin ( zest ) you use in making limoncello and that ’s also where all the pesticide is .
Organic lemons also are n’t waxed , which is more crap that ends up in your liquor .
Try to choose thick - skinned lemons with smooth skin .
The reason for this is that it ’s a heck of a lot easier to zest a lemon with smooth skin .
And it kind of goes without saying that you should pick ones that do n’t have stickers on them if possible .
Step Two : Wash Lemons
Wash the lemons .
You ’ll need to do this whether or not they are organic but if they are n’t organic it ’s more of an ordeal .
You need to scrub them under very warm water with a vegetable brush or some other plastic scrubber .
Remove all stickers or stamps and as much of the wax as possible .
Then dry them with a paper towel .
As an optional step , I like to also use a vegetable wash on the lemons to really get them squeaky clean and remove any wax or debris .
It 's an extra step , but worth doing in my opinion .
I do this for any fruit or vegetable when I intend to eat the skin .
Step Three : Zest Lemons
Zest the lemons .
Doing this step quickly and doing it well requires a Microplane Zester because anything else just does n’t work as well in my experience .
I like to put a cutting board or a large piece of aluminum foil down to catch all the zest .
Then you just use the zester to remove a thin layer of zest from the whole lemon .
If you get even a little bit of the white pith just below the zest , it will make your liqueur bitter .
So do n’t take chances , if the lemon is bumpy and you ca n’t get all the zest without hitting the pith elsewhere , let it go .
The lemons in the picture below have been zested .
Notice how it is still yellow because I just removed the outer skin without touching the pith anywhere .
This step is all about quality over quantity .
My recipe calls for 2 more lemons than what you typically see ( ~50 grams of zest ) because it is so important not to worry about not having enough zest here and digging into the lemon for more is not allowed .
This step used to take me a really long time when I used other types of zesters or peelers but with the Microplane I can zest all 17 lemons in about half an hour .
Step Four : Filter the Liquor Filter the liquor .
This should actually be done simultaneously with the zesting to save time .
I use a Brita pitcher that I bought for this purpose , but any similar water filtration pitcher will do .
I pour one bottle in , let it filter , pour it into a regular clean pitcher , then back in the top and I repeat the filtration four times for each bottle of liquor .
I ’m still testing how worthwhile this is and how many filtrations are optimal but four is my current standard .
I filter regardless of what kind of liquor I use .
My standard recipe calls for 1,500 ml of liquor and many people have loved this recipe over the years but I ’ll admit that it is pretty strong .
If you ’re using 151 proof grain alcohol like I do , then 750 ml is more than enough for most people .
Better yet is to use my alcohol percentage calculator ( which factors in the strength of your alcohol ) and target 30 % as the final alcohol percentage .
Adjust from there to taste .
Whenever possible I use grain alcohol for authenticity .
It ’s difficult to get because many states do n’t allow it to be sold .
I ’ve found though that vodka has a flavor of its own that is imparted and I ’m not a big fan of that .
However , it is much better than nothing so the next best thing is 100 proof , mid-grade vodka .
If you must , use the 80 proof but more potent liquor is better .
Use my alcohol percentage calculator to get it right on the first try .
Step Five : Add Zest to Liquor Combine the zest and the filtered liquor into a very clean one gallon glass jar and screw the lid on tight .
If the lid is n’t tight enough , put a piece of plastic wrap on the top before screwing on the lid .
You can use any glass jar of sufficient size and I have different ones for different purposes .
The one on the above is a basic one that holds an entire batch .
I ’ve also found good jars at Marshall ’s and online .
Put a label on the jar that tells you at least the date of when you made it , and include other details about how you made it .
I use a label maker to number my batches and track in an Excel sheet what I do differently each time but that ’s probably more anal than most people need to be .
Step Six : Let the Infusion Rest Wait .
I tend to keep each batch in my kitchen for the first week to ten days and I shake it up about four times during that initial period .
After that I put it in my basement because of the “ out of sight , out of mind ” factor .
It ’s easier to wait if you do n’t see it sitting there all the time .
I let the mixture sit and infuse for a minimum of 45 days , longer if I can stand it or if I forget about it .
This is where all of the lemon flavor comes from so do n’t short - change yourself here .
If you absolutely must have it sooner , reduce wait times from later steps first .
Step Seven : Filter the Infusion
This is one of the most important steps and by far the most laborious .
My process is to filter less than some people recommend but I ’ve found that it ’s enough to get the job done and this is one job you ’ll want to keep as short as possible .
However , you should never skip it .
I ’ve skipped the filtration and the result resembles dirty bath water more than limoncello .
The filtration actually gives it the color , clarity and flavor you expect .
My first filtering pass is with a flat - bottom permanent coffee filter that you can buy at the grocery store .
I put it right in the funnel and the funnel in the pitcher or whatever container I ’m using .
Then I ladle the infusion out of the storage jar and through the filter .
This first pass removes all of the zest and other large debris .
Then comes the tough part .
I take flat - bottom disposable coffee filters , the ones with the fluted edging , and put them inside the permanent filter .
This is basically double - filtering and I repeat this step a second time .
Then on the last pass I just put it through the permanent filter by itself just in case any debris or zest gets back in there during the filtration process .
So , that makes two filtrations with just the permanent filter and two filtrations with the permanent plus disposable filters .
When filtering , you want to be patient and preserve as much of the liquid as possible but there will come a point when it looks like there ’s more liquid at the bottom but no more liquid is dripping through .
Do NOT try to salvage that liquid .
Throw it away along with the filter ( or wash the filter ) because that stuff is exactly what you ’re filtering in the first place .
There ’s some great info on filtering liquors here .
Step Eight : Add Simple Syrup
Add the simple syrup .
My standard recipe is to bring 5 cups of water just to a boil and then remove it from the heat and stir in 3.5 cups of white sugar .
Then let it sit until it comes down to room temperature .
I use filtered water for this and I now always use regular white sugar .
I do n't attempt to calculate the exact proportions needed .
Sugar and water are cheap and simple syrup has many uses so I just make too much and measure out what I need .
I ’ve tried other types of sugar but raw sugars tend to have subtle flavors of their own ( most notably molasses ) that will show up in the final product .
If that sounds ok to you , give it a whirl , but I did n’t like it .
I ’ve also heard that you should not stir the sugar but rather let the low boil mix the two instead .
I ’ve tried it both ways and never noticed a difference .
Once the simple syrup cools down ( completely , to room temperature ) you can just add it to the lemon / liquor infusion , screw the lid back on and shake the jar .
Mark on the label the date you mixed the infusion with the simple syrup .
Welcome to our weekly PlayStation Deals .
This week the deals are still pretty thin .
Best Buy is short on games this week , but has a decent bundle for those of you that have kids .
As far as game deals this week HAWX and the Wheelman both see $ 25 price cuts at GameStop .
There are also a handful of classic games at Toys R Us for under $ 30 .
Be sure to check out our reviews if you ’re unsure of any game .
Best Buy
PlayStation 3 ( 80 GB ) with LittleBigPlanet and Wall - E $ 399.99
Guitar Hero World Tour – Band Kit $ 169.99
GameStop
Hawx $ 34.99
Wheelman $ 34.99
Amazon
PS3 Dualshock 3 – $ 42.99
LittleBigPlanet – $ 45.99 [ Review ]
Resident Evil 5 $ 53.99 [ Review ]
Madden NFL 09 – $ 33.99 [ Review ]
Fear 2 : Project Origin – $ 43.99
Killzone 2 – $ 49.99 [ Review ]
Toy ’s R Us
Mirror ’s Edge – $ 29.99 [ Review ]
Eat Lead : The Return of Matt Hazard – $ 29.99 [ Review ]
Wanted : Weapons of Fate – $ 49.99
Alone in the Dark : Inferno – $ 19.99
Far Cry 2 – $ 29.99 [ Review ]
Prince of Persia – $ 39.99 [ Review ]
Tomb Raider : Underworld – $ 39.99
Star Wars : The Force Unleashed – $ 29.99
Unfortunately there were n’t any PSP deals to speak of .
As always , post any deals I may have missed in the comment section so I can update the list .
Thanks !
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Excess nutrients have been found to have an adverse impact on diversity Scientists have identified why excessive fertilisation of soils is resulting in a loss of plant diversity .
Extra nutrients allow fast growing plants to dominate a habitat , blocking smaller species ' access to vital sunlight , researchers have found .
As a result , many species are disappearing from affected areas .
A team from the University of Zurich , writing in Science , warned that tighter controls were needed in order to prevent widespread biodiversity loss .
Estimates suggest that the global level of nitrogen and phosphorous available to plants has doubled in the past 50 years .
Looking at grasslands , the researchers said it was widely recognised that an increase of chemical nutrients in an ecosystem led to a loss of diversity , but the mechanism of how it was occurring had been difficult to determine .
" You would think that more [ nutrients ] would lead to more biodiversity , " said co-author Andrew Hector , a researcher at the University of Zurich 's Institute of Environmental Sciences .
" Yet it is considered to be one of the main threats to biodiversity this century . "
' Winner takes all '
Professor Hector explained that there were two main hypotheses : " One is that the presence of more resources led to a general increase in the strength of competition among plants .
The study showed that understory lighting halted plant diversity loss " The other is a little bit more mechanistic , " he told BBC News .
" When you get an increase in fertilisation , you get an increase in productivity , leading to increased plant biomass and increased shading .
" This shifts the idea to light being the critical resource , with shorter species being shaded out by taller species , resulting in a loss in diversity . "
Professor Hector 's team , led by PhD student Yann Hautier , fitted lights to the understory of grass in boxes containing fertilised soil .
" Additional understory light compensated for the increased shading caused by the greater above - ground biomass production , " they explained .
The supplementary light " prevented the loss of species and maintained levels of diversity " .
The findings led the team to conclude that it was the lack of access to light that affects diversity , not an increase in the strength of competition .
Car exhausts emit nitrogen oxides as well as carbon dioxide
Snared in a homemade ' NitroNet '
" We have done the critical experiment that has been asking to be done for the past 35 years , " said Professor Hector .
" If it all depends on light levels , then if you put the light back then you should prevent a loss of biodiversity . "
However , he added that their findings did not offer a " magic bullet " for conservationists .
" What our research shows is that competition for light is very asymmetric .
" So if a plant can get between the sun and its competitors , not only can it get all the light it needs but it can also block its competitors ' access to light .
" Because this competition for light is such a ' winner takes all ' , it emphasises how important it is that we control nutrient enrichment . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At the same moment , another message indicates that the " fly - by - wire " electronic flight system which controls the wing and tail flaps shifted to " alternative law " – an emergency backup system engaged after multiple electricity failures .
This system enables the plane to continue functioning on minimum energy but reduces flight stability .
An alarm would have sounded to alert the cabin crew to this .
German state uses piracy as pretext to amend the constitution
By Ludwig Weller
18 May 2009
Following a three - week delay , the German public has finally learned the details of plans for a major deployment of the elite GSG 9 police unit and the German army off the Somali coast .
The plan , which had been developed and approved at the highest levels of the government , envisaged elite GSG 9 troops storming the German freighter “ Hansa Stavanger , ” which had been hijacked on April 4 by Somali pirates .
The operation was stopped at the last moment when the US government withdrew its offer to make a helicopter carrier available to the German forces .
The planned recapture of the German freighter was one of the biggest secret military operations in German postwar history .
The German government began making plans for the operation directly after Somali pirates seized the “ Hansa Stavanger ” and its crew , which included five German sailors .
Leading architects of the adventurist mission , which could have easily turned into a bloodbath , were German Interior Minister , Wolfgang Schäuble ( Christian Democratic Union , CDU ) and Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier ( Social Democratic Party , SPD ) .
Based on inside information , the magazine Der Spiegel reported at length on the preparations for the action and the fierce disputes between the Interior , Defense and Foreign Ministries .
The three ministries assigned a small group of state secretaries and top officials to conduct the operation .
They formed a crisis committee that began meeting daily in the Berlin Ministry of Defense a day after the hijacking .
Reinhard Silberberg , a state secretary in Steinmeier ’s Foreign Office , a man close to the SPD , headed the crisis committee and is someone considered to be a keen advocate of a more aggressive military role for Germany .
Interior Minister Schäuble sent his state secretary , August Hanning , to join the crisis committee .
Until 2005 , Hanning headed the German Intelligence Service ( BND ) .
For years he has backed Schäuble ’s course of beefing up the state apparatus while undermining basic democratic rights .
During the G8 summit held in Germany in 2007 , Hanning was responsible for the police operation that ended with the arrest of over 1,000 protesters .
Because there were legal obstacles to a deployment of the KSK German Special Forces unit , the crisis committee decided to activate the GSG 9 anti-terror unit .
The unit is a special - purpose force of the federal police and is under the control of Schäuble ’s Interior Ministry - unlike the KSK whose deployment has to be approved by the German parliament .
First , the Defense Ministry sent the Navy frigates “ Rheinland - Pfalz ” and “ Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , ” stationed in the Indian Ocean , to chase the fleeing pirates .
Secretary of state Silberberg declared bluntly at the time : “ As long as only five pirates are on board , we can strike home and end the thing quickly . ”
However , the pirates were able to flee and obtain reinforcements .
According to Der Spiegel , Schäuble and his secretary of state complained that the military was being too “ hesitant ” .
Schäuble demanded that help be sought from the US and asserted his position against that of the Foreign Office , which warned against putting too much reliance on the “ Amis ” .
The Pentagon then declared its willingness to support the German mission and made the helicopter carrier the USS Boxer available to the GSG 9 .
Der Spiegel describes the extent of the commando operation : “ On Good Friday , the federal government can finally act .
Two Antonov An - 124 , three Ilyushin Il - 76 , a Transall and an Airbus fly on Easter Sunday , transporting weapons , explosives and six Puma and Bell helicopters to Mombasa .
The technical aid organization organizes the logistics , with the GSG 9 , following the advance commando unit , providing the remainder of the troops , more than 200 men . ”
As additional support , four German warships with 800 men on board were deployed to escort the USS Boxer .
Despite doubts about the feasibility of the operation — the GSG 9 center in Potsdam warned of a bloodbath in a shootout with 30 well - armed pirates — state secretaries Hanning and Silberberg remained determined to carry out the operation , which they had planned for the night of May 1 .
The Der Spiegel report also makes clear how closely Foreign Minister Steinmeier was involved in the military operation .
In the crucial hours of its planning , he was on a trip to Afghanistan , but was constantly informed of its progress via a secret telephone line .
In the event , the deployment did not take place after the Obama administration pulled the brake on April 29 .
Obama ’s security adviser James Jones told German Chancellor Angela Merkel by telephone that the US military regarded the operation as too dangerous , and was no longer prepared to make the USS Boxer available .
Der Spiegel , which has for some time raised its own demand for a more powerful German army , commented on the failed operation as follows :
“ The refusal is a harsh blow for Interior Minister Wolfgang Schäuble ( CDU ) and Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier ( SPD ) .
They wanted to end this hostage crisis militarily , if at all possible ; they had the agreement of the federal Chancellor , who was informed regularly .
Schäuble and Steinmeier are fed up with the dollar diplomacy of the past few years and wanted to set up a precedent with international charisma :
Look here , the Germans no longer pay out to gangsters or terrorists , the Germans can do things differently . ”
The magazine then concludes : “ In Berlin the issue is what went wrong .
The operation lasted three weeks , it cost the treasury more millions than all the ransom payments made in recent years put together .
The GSG 9 , as was clear from the attempt , cannot respond quickly enough abroad without better logistics , airplanes and ships .
It would appear obvious to concentrate everything in the hands of the German army . ”
This is precisely the course followed for a long time by the CDU and its sister party , the Christian Social Union , as well as sections within the SPD .
Only last week , Schäuble once again demanded a change of the Basic Law and received support from Chancellor Merkel .
Schäuble ’s aim is essentially to do away with the separation of the army and the police stipulated by the German constitution .
The Interior Minister wants the power to deploy German soldiers both at home and abroad at any time .
The journalist Heribert Prantl draws the same conclusion in a commentary in the Süddeutsche Zeitung : “ Schäuble is using piracy as a grappling hook to get what he always wanted : the extensive deployment of the army as a general security force . ”
Interior Minister Schäuble has already used a demonstration by Kurds who blocked a highway as an excuse to call in the army , and during the recent football World Championship in Germany , he sought to stir up hysteria in order to implement military protection of football grounds .
Now he is using piracy as a further pretext to realize his goal .
This is despite the fact that the mandate agreed by the Bundestag on December 19 permits German soldiers to not only attack , but also sink hostile ships .
Such deployments have been merged into Operation Atalanta , adopted in November 2008 by the European Union as an anti-piracy measure .
A majority in the SPD currently rejects any amendment to the Basic Law , allowing the army to take over policing operations - at least until the federal election scheduled this autumn .
Afterwards , things could change .
The SPD defense expert Rainer Arnold is demanding the fusion of the two elite troops — the GSG 9 and the KSK — at least to enable them “ to practice and operate together ” .
SPD faction leader Peter Struck commented : “ Germany can obviously not solve hostage crises like these on its own , but is dependant on outside assistance ...
We must seriously ask ourselves whether we should develop the capabilities to arm ourselves for similar cases . ”
Schäuble ’s unwavering campaign for the deployment of the army as a “ general security force ” at home and abroad at any time , free from parliamentary restrictions , corresponds to the increasing intent of the country ’s ruling elite to impose their interests with force when necessary .
The Lazy Rule of Thirds
The Tremendously Lazy
Rule of Thirds
“ Rules are made to be broken . ” - My favorite paradox .
I can count on one hand the number of rules I will obey without question , based solely on fear of catastrophic consequences : I turn off personal electronics during landing and take - off , I keep my hands inside the ride at all times , I do n’t rock vending machines , I resist the urge to climb over zoo fences and I no longer lunge for a police officer ’s holstered gun on April Fools Day .
Pretty much everything else is up for debate .
That brings me to the Rule of Thirds .
After a tremendous amount of research ( I read a book ) I learned that the rule of thirds may actually be just a lazy man ’s sham .
That ’s right , I said it … a lazy sham !
On the surface the rule of thirds does n’t really make a ton of sense , I mean why would a composition broken up into three equal parts be innately more appealing than any other random spattering in a composition ?
Well what if I told you that nature actually does instinctively , and inexplicably seem to have a naturally occurring preference towards a specific ratio , a peculiar number , a divine ratio if you will ?
To find the real story behind the “ rule of thirds ” we need to go back in time , not to the renaissance , not to the Greeks , and not even to Adam nor Eve… even further .
We need to go to the creation of the universe , why is that ?
Well I ’ll tell you why .
There is a number that determines how a sunflower ’s seeds grow , it determines the path a hawk takes when diving at it ’s prey , it is echoed in the breeding habits of rabbits and it even determines how the spirals in a spiral galaxy are laid out .
It ’s all very simple in it ’s beauty and best of all , it ’s all true .
If you want to wrap your head around it further then I highly recommend the book The Golden Ratio by Mario Livio ( Check it out here The Golden Ratio : The Story of PHI , the World ’s Most Astonishing Number ) .
Interestingly enough this mathematical principle has been seen in artwork as early as 400 B.C. , today we refer to this line by several names : the Golden Ratio , the Golden Mean , The Divine Proportion , but whatever you call it you should notice that it does not line up with the rule of thirds .
Almost but not quite …
In other words , if you want to construct a composition where the main points fall on lines used by nature in absolutely mind - blowingly different ways then follow the Golden Mean .
However , if you want to fold up the paper into thirds and have your composition line up with that then by all means , follow the rule of thirds .
Of course I ’m not recommending that you get out your protractor and start measuring your images to makes sure they follow these naturally occurring principles , but what I am recommending that you do is to start seeing the world in a way that Mother Nature tends to see the world , and that is in a proportion that is absolutely elegant in it ’s mathematical beauty .
If you do then your images may start to be just a bit stronger in their appeal .
The following images are all happy accidents … meaning the alignment of this spiral ( called a Fibonacci spiral ) was not pre-planned , it just happens that major parts of the composition fall along major intersections or lines within the spiral .
I suppose that ’s just one more thing my images and breeding patterns of rabbits have in common .
The health of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il is rapidly deteriorating , prompting the hasty decision to name his third son Jong - un as heir apparent , sources told the Chinese press .
The Global News , a sister paper of the official People ’s Daily , on Thursday quoted a foreign ambassador in Pyongyang as saying that Kim Jong - il 's fragile health made the situation in North Korea " very complicated . "
The envoy told the Global News that authorities in Pyongyang are keeping tight lid on information about Kim 's health .
A North Korean source in Beijing said Beijing - based North Korean officials from Ponghwa Hospital , which is treating Kim 's illness , are looking to import expensive medical equipment , which has become contraband since the North conducted its first nuclear test in 2006 .
Pyongyang is also seeking to import an emergency helicopter from overseas .
" Kim seems to be in serious condition , " the source added .
North Korea 's nuclear test and imminent test of an intercontinental ballistic missile is an attempt to reduce the power vacuum and hand over a stable regime to Kim Jong - un , the source speculated .
Since early this year , Kim Jong-il has tripled the frequency of so - called " on - the - spot guidance " to local areas and military units across the country out of impatience to hand over power to his son before it is too late , the source added .
We just got done imaging what a country this would be if a professional baseball player ( who ’s still in the MLB ) came out , and now we ’ve got to start thinking about what would happen in a football player did the same ?
Too much sports !
But also :
It ’s fun to dream up fairytales .
But as with all things gay and sports , you ’re bound to hit a rough patch .
While sending the topic to its “ panel , ” the Washington Post turned to folks like retired running back and openly gay David Kopay , who came out in 1975 , three years after his NFL career ended .
Kopay is all for an active NFL player to come out !
Not so enthusiastic , however , is Kenneth Hutcherson , a former NFL linebacker and current pastor of the Antioch Bible Church .
You might ’ve heard Hutcherson ’s name before — he ’s the guy who ’s always there with a soundbite to declare how gay rights are not civil rights , and that comparing our struggle to the 1960s civil rights movement is a farce .
So do n’t look shocked that when asked whether NFL players should be coming out , he responds , “ if a teammate has different views about what they ’re attracted to in the showers it ’s going to affect the team .
It ’ll destroy the oneness . ”
Grab a spit - up cup , because it gets worse :
Men are going to be more comfortable with other heterosexuals .
It ’s like having a woman on the team or having a woman in the shower .
How can you keep your mind on the game when you ’re thinking about running back to the showers ?
It would have a tremendous effect .
It would be safer for the team and the individual if they did n’t come out .
When you have a team worth millions and millions of dollars anything that would mess with the oneness must be removed from the team .
Homosexuality is a very divisive issue — it would affect the camaraderie .
It ’s not a civil rights issue like with racism — there ’s no comparison .
That ’s not even apples and oranges , that ’s like comparing apples to Chevys .
Has a homosexual ever been considered 3/5 ths of a person ?
Has a homosexual ever had to sit at the back of the bus ?
Has a homosexual ever had to use a different bathroom ?
I ca n’t change being black … but there are a lot of people , especially in our churches , that have changed being gay . [ … ]
What if a guy went out for the girl ’s volleyball team ?
It ’s just commonsense … but I do n’t know why they call it commonsense anymore because it ’s not very common .
At the very least , we appreciate Pastor Hutcherson — who is currently battling cancer — for looking into the economics of it all .
Researchers from the newly - established VGTI Florida and the University of Montreal have uncovered a possible method for eradicating HIV infection in the human body .
The researchers have also revealed new information which demonstrates how HIV persists in the body - even in patients receiving drug treatments - and how the virus continues to replicate itself in individuals undergoing treatment .
The research findings will be published in the online version of the journal Nature Medicine on June 21 and will be featured in an upcoming print edition of the journal .
Medical advancements in the past 20 years have significantly increased the survival rates of AIDS patients .
In fact , approximately 90 percent of patients infected with AIDS can survive with the disease as long as they are treated with a complex series of antiretroviral drugs .
" Current medications allow us to control HIV and limit its progression in most cases , " explained Rafick - Pierre Sékaly , Ph.D. , current scientific director for VGTI Florida , a former scientist at the University of Montreal , and senior author of the research paper .
" However , the medications do not eradicate the disease .
Instead , the disease persists within the body - much like water in a reservoir - and is never fully destroyed .
We believe our latest research may help scientists and physicians overcome this hurdle . "
The research team was able to identify a possible new way of attacking HIV by first identifying the specific cells where HIV infection persists in patients currently undergoing treatment .
They found that the disease is able to survive within two subsets of memory T - cells .
Memory T - cells are a portion of the body 's immune system and have the ability to learn , detect and attack certain types of infectious diseases .
By infecting cells within the body 's own immune system , HIV is able to avoid antiviral treatments that are effective in stopping HIV in other cell types in the body .
In - effect , HIV uses the body 's own defense system as a hideout .
The research team was also successful in identifying how these HIV - infected memory T - cells replenish themselves .
When populating T - cells , HIV does not replicate itself as it does in other cell types on the body .
Instead , HIV persists in memory T - cells through cell division - a finding that holds significant implications for possibly stopping the disease .
" Based on this research , we believe one possible method for eliminating HIV in the body is to use a combined approach , " said Dr. Sékaly .
" We propose the use of medications that target viral replication of HIV throughout the body , in combination with drugs that prevent infected memory T - cells from dividing .
We believe that by attacking the disease in these distinct two ways at once for an extended period of time , we can eliminate the reservoirs of HIV that currently persist within the human body , leaving an individual disease - free . "
The next step for researchers is to begin testing their proposed treatment method using animal models and newly developed therapies .
" While this is a preliminary finding , we are hopeful that this research discovery will guide us in eradicating HIV infection in the body , " said Dr. Sékaly .
Source : Oregon Health & Science University ( news : web )
Explore further HIV persists in the gut despite long - term HIV therapy
PRINCETON , NJ -- Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and former Vice President Dick Cheney have little in common politically , but they receive almost identical image ratings from the American public .
According to a May 29 - 31 Gallup Poll , 37 % of Americans have a favorable view of Cheney and 34 % have a favorable view of Pelosi .
Both Cheney and Pelosi are viewed unfavorably by at least half of Americans .
The similarity between Cheney 's and Pelosi 's ratings is notable given that the two have emerged as the leading voices on either side of this year 's debate over whether the government 's use of " enhanced interrogation techniques " against terrorist suspects constitutes torture .
Cheney came out of his brief vice presidential retirement in March to publicly defend the Bush administration 's support of CIA interrogation policies , and on May 21 went head - to - head with President Barack Obama on the issue in separate national security speeches .
Pelosi has condemned " waterboarding " and earlier this year supported a call to investigate Bush administration officials who authorized it ; however , she recently fell into a public battle with the CIA over whether she was previously briefed on the agency 's use of the coercive technique .
Trends
Pelosi's current image rating is more negative than positive by a 16 percentage point margin : 34 % favorable and 50 % unfavorable .
Six months ago about equal percentages held favorable and unfavorable views of her .
While still negative , Cheney 's image today ( with 37 % viewing him favorably and 54 % unfavorably ) is improved compared with his ratings in March of this year .
At that time , only 30 % viewed him favorably and 63 % unfavorably , his worst ratings on balance since he was nominated as George W. Bush 's vice presidential candidate in July 2000 ( although his ratings were nearly as bad when previously measured in 2007 ) .
Cheney 's improved ratings are mainly due to the views of independents : the percentage viewing him favorably rose from 21 % in March to 37 % today .
There was also a slight increase in his favorable rating from Republicans , from 64 % to 70 % .
Pelosi's decline since last fall is seen equally in her ratings from Republicans and independents , with little change in the views of Democrats .
The percentage of Republicans viewing her favorably fell 12 points , from 21 % to 9 % ; the same drop in favorability was seen among independents , from 37 % to 25 % .
Sixty - two percent of Democrats now view her favorably , down just slightly from 66 % in November .
A Polarizing Pair
As a result of the changes , both Cheney and Pelosi are now positioned as highly polarizing figures on the political landscape ; both are viewed favorably by the large majority of their own party members , and unfavorably by most members of the opposing party .
To the extent either one influences voters ' views about the two major political parties , particularly looking ahead to the 2010 midterm elections , Cheney may be less problematic for his party than Pelosi might be for hers .
He currently has a slight edge in intra-party popularity : 70 % of Republicans view him favorably compared with 62 % of Democrats viewing Pelosi favorably .
Also , more independents view Cheney favorably than view Pelosi favorably : 37 % vs. 25 % .
Bottom Line
After President Obama , Pelosi and Cheney are arguably the next most prominent political figures active in the two major parties today .
Both have attracted significant news coverage in the mainstream press this year , most recently for their positions on the government 's interrogation policies for suspected terrorists .
That coverage appears to have helped Cheney -- at least modestly -- in the image department .
Given Americans ' concern about closing Guantanamo Bay , his improved ratings since March are arguably related to his ongoing outspokenness on waterboarding , tying it in with U.S. national security .
Pelosi has had a major , high profile role in the legislative agenda of Congress all year , most notably with passage of Obama 's economic stimulus package in January ; however the recent controversy over her possible knowledge of waterboarding -- and her claim that the CIA misled Congress about briefing her -- may have more to do with her depressed favorable ratings , which are down eight points since November .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,015 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 29 - 31 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
I used Hartz Ultra Guard drops for cats on my cats the past two months as flea season is in full swing here in Florida .
The first time I used it was in April .
The cats acted funny after I applied the drops , although I chalked it up to their catlike dislike of anything " wet " on them .
One kicked her back feet frequently and I found clumps of hair on the carpet a few times , everyone seemed to get over it in a few days and I assumed they were just angry about the treatment .
I was wrong .
I applied another treatment last Thursday and began to notice very odd behavior in several of my babies .
One kept kicking her back legs as if something was itching her .
Two others have bald spots on their necks where the treatment was applied .
All six have completely lost their appetites and for the past several days have barely eaten their hard food and will only eat their soft food or treats .
They are all acting distressed , following me around the house and vocalizing frequently .
Thankfully they are all still drinking water and not showing any severe neurological symptoms .
I became worried when their food bowls were still full when I got home from work yesterday so I consulted " The Google " and to my horror found several sites dedicated to stopping Hartz and other corporations from selling these products .
These pyrethroid containing products have killed or harmed thousands of animals even after being forced to stop selling a different version of the products in 2006 .
There appears to be a pattern of the EPA approving these products then pulling them a few years later after complaints from consumers .
Here is a heartwrenching video of two cats that had adverse reactions , one survived but still has trouble walking , the other sadly , died .
Their story is by no means unique .
In just one day of digging , I 've found countless stories of rushed visits to the vet , convulsions , staggering and death .
You can read what the Center for Public Integrity wrote on the topic .
Here is another video featuring two dogs harmed by these products .
Hartz is not the only company that sells these products so you can only be sure if you check labels .
Almost all OTC flea treatments contain some form of Pyrethroids .
Hartz is being particularly egregious however by attacking those that speak out against their products .
They claim the incidents are caused by consumers not following the instructions completely .
The problem with that argument is even when THEY conducted tests they found the product had migrated down the shoulder of a test subject .
If they can't appy the stuff " correctly " how are consumers supposed to ?
Hartz has slapped a popular veterinarian with a " cease and desist " after the vet wrote an article in the Miami Herald that was critical of their products .
You can read the veterinarians response here .
Do your own research on this but I for one will NEVER use another Hartz product nor any of other companies peddling this poison in the guise of " helping " our beloved furry family members .
Here are two sites you can start with :
http://www.hartzvictims.org/...
http://hartzkills.wordpress.com/
I can't believe I almost killed my own beloved babies by trying to help them .
As I type they are all sleeping peacefully but still not eating well .
Some are still not quite themselves but I think the worst has passed for my babies , do n't let your babies be next !
Oh , and to add insult to injury , I just picked two fleas off of one of my boys ...
The stuff is toxic but it does n't kill fleas ... go figure .
UPDATE : You guys are great .
I had given up hope this would make the rec list and I so wanted it to make it in order to save pets lives .
If even one of you decides to not use these products it will have been worth writing .
<
The dramatic car chase in Los Angeles ends with .
A 23 - year - old man , linked to a notorious street gang in Los Angeles , tried to run from the police .
The dramatic chase lasted about 30 minutes and took place in suburban El Monte and Whittier in the American metropolis .
After a violent crash with a parked car , 23 - year - old man jump out of the car and continues the journey on foot .
When he has run a few hundred meters he stopped by big fence .
He decides to give up the escape attempt .
23 - year - old lie down on grass with arms and legs out and wait for the police to come to arrest him .
The first policeman to arrive kicked the suspect ’s head .
The second one that came hit the suspect with a flashlight several times .
After arresting and beating suspect , police officers give each other “ high five ” .
According to police 23 - year - old not to have been seriously injured in the incident .
Top Design Wooden Gadgets
As technology continues on its upward trajectory , designers occasionally grow nostalgic for simpler forms .
Consumers also want the basic aesthetics of yesterday , without sacrificing the technological advances of today .
One way to get the best of both worlds is wood - based electronics .
Whether for the eco-minded , who prefer it to non-biodegradable plastic , or for pure classicists who are charmed by its timelessness , the wooden form is at once visually striking and practical .
Better examples we ’ve come across recently .
Collection of creative gadgets and product designs made out of wood .
Wooden iPod Dock
Eco-friendly Apple iPod dock made from salvaged materials .
[ link ]
Magno Wooden Radio
The Magno radio is the brainchild of Indonesian entrepreneur Singgih Kartono .
Handmade by local carpenters from sustainably - harvested wood , it comes in two sizes ( pictured above ) .
In addition to AM and FM frequencies , Kartono satisfies the true retro-philes with two bands of shortwave radio .
He also bows to modern conventions by including MP3 compatibility .
It ’s currently available with the small version costing $ 200 and the larger $ 250 .
Wooden Camera MP3 Player
Handmade wooden MP3 players can play MP3 , WMA and OGG files .
[ link ]
Swedx
Since 2002 , this Swedish company has been producing electronics embedded in polished wood .
They claim to bring a “ more human ” feeling by using warm , natural materials on their computer monitors , television screens and accessories .
But despite the unconventional material , they did n’t skimp on technology .
Their engineers designed one of the world ’s thinnest TFT - LCD monitors and did n’t sacrifice on usability .
Swedx products cost are close to the industry standard .
Wooden LED clock
This LED clock , designed by Kouji Iwasaki , is covered in a very thin layer of veneer that permits the LEDs to shine through .
[ link ]
Solid Wood Stapler
Standard stapler with a natural wood exterior .
[ link ]
Wooden Laptop Case
Creative laptop case with magnetic lock and leather lining .
[ link ]
Wooden Computer Mouse
This wooden mouse is handmade from Chinese flowering ash .
[ link ]
Wooden Computer Keyboard
Keyboard from Japanese electronics company Marubeni Infotec. [ link ]
Wood Plinth Clock
Clock made from a slice of natural wood with a clear lacquer finish .
[ link ]
Wooden Bicycle
Marco Facciola , a 16 - year - old high school student , created a functional bicycle from wood .
[ link ]
i Wood Cobra iPhone Case
Wooden iPhone case carved from one piece of the finest wood .
[ link ]
Split Wood Vase
Creative vase designed by Japanese design collective Teori . [ link ]
Wooden Speakers
Koreaâ€™s I - Dear speakers can hook up to your favorite media player .
[ link ]
Wooden Tape Measure
This useful tape measure is created from beautiful dark wood and is small enough to fit in any handbag .
[ link ]
Wooden Clamp USB Flash Drive
USB flash drive designed to look like a regular wooden clamp .
[ link ]
Plywood Headphones
David Burelâ€™s headphones made of nine layers of varnished plywood .
[ link ]
Wooden Gun Ruler
Unusual hard wood ruler that is shaped like a handgun .
[ link ]
WALL - E Wooden Sculpture
This wooden sculpture was commissioned by Disney as a gift for Pixar / Disney chief creative officer John Lasseter .
[ link ]
Treebuttons Magnets
Wood magnets made from salvaged cross sections of branches .
[ link ]
Maple Cell Phone Concept
Hyun Jin Yoon and Eun Hak Lee designed a cell phone concept covered in thin wooden film , with touch sensitive buttons that light up through the housing when you touch the phone .
[ link ]
Audiowood Turntable
Custom turntable by Joel Scilley made from a raw - edged wood .
[ link ]
JERUSALEM -- The Israeli government has repeatedly announced plans to forge ahead with plans to expand settlements in the occupied West Bank in direct opposition to President Barack Obama 's demand for an absolute settlement freeze .
On May 27 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leveled strong criticism at Israeli policy , telling reporters that President Barack Obama " wants to see a stop to settlements - not some settlements , not outposts , not ' natural growth ' exceptions . "
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev responded by declaring that " normal life " in the settlements would continue , using a phrase that is code for continued construction .
With neither side exhibiting willingness to back down , the stage is set for a contentious clash between Israel and the U.S. over settlement policy .
At the center of the maelstrom is Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , leader of the hawkish Likud Party , who has highlighted his unique understanding of the United States - he is Yale educated and speaks flawless English .
Supporters of the settlement movement are an integral part of his governing coalition .
How Netanyahu navigates between his far - right constituency and increasingly insistent demands from Obama will not only determine the fate of his government , but also the fate of Israel 's " special relationship " with Washington .
A gathering of the settlement movement 's leading figures in Jerusalem on May 22 , documented in this exclusive Mondoweiss report , revealed the unprecedented influence of the settlers on Israeli policy .
The event , a ceremony for the presentation of the Moskowitz Foundation Prize for Zionism , was organized and bankrolled by one of Netanyahu 's closest confidants and backers , the American casino tycoon Irving Moskowitz .
For over a decade , Moskowitz has funneled millions in profits from his California - based Hawaiian Gardens casino , where he has been sued for exploiting undocumented workers , into settlement construction projects in the West Bank , including Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem .
He has also funded several neoconservative think tanks including a research center named after Netanyahu 's brother , Yonatan , who was killed while leading the Entebbe rescue raid in 1976 .
Moskowitz and Netanyahu have remained close since he established the center .
In 1996 , Moskowitz convinced Netanyahu , in his first round as prime minister , to open a tunnel adjacent to the Temple Mount , a controversial act that led to several days of rioting and 70 deaths .
Four years later , Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's provocative visit to the tunnel set off the so - called Al - Aqsa uprising , the opening salvo of the Second Intifada .
Now , Moskowitz 's imprint on the West Bank 's landscape is most clearly reflected in the expansion of the settlement called Kiryat Arba , a hotbed of Orthodox Jewish radicalism located high above the occupied city of Hebron .
Kiryat Arba founder Noam Arnon is the recipient of the 2009 Moskowitz Prize , an honor that included $ 50,000 in cash .
After receiving his prize before a cheering crowd of two thousand settlers , Arnon complained to me , " We think that somehow the Arabs have taken over the international media and the international mood , and they convinced the world to believe that there is a Palestinian people and these people deserve to have a Palestinian state -- which is totally untrue . "
Despite the fanaticism of Arnon and his followers , who routinely rampage through Hebron , vandalizing Palestinian homes and attacking local residents ( often under the watch of the Israeli army ) , they are not isolated as a rogue element in Netanyahu 's political world .
Indeed , several of notables stood on stage to present Arnon with his prize .
They included Professor Moshe Aumann , who won the Nobel Prize in 2005 for his work on understanding conflict through game theory , and Uzi Landau , the Israeli Minister of National Infrastructure .
( Landau 's party , Yisrael Beiteynu , has introduced bills that would compel Arab citizens of Israel to take loyalty oaths and which would criminalize open discussion of what the Palestinians call " Nakbah , " or " catastrophe " of Israel 's founding ) .
Also in attendance was Benny Begin , a leading Likud member of Knesset and the son of the late Prime Minister Menachem Begin , the first Likud prime minister .
After the ceremony , Landau mingled easily with settlement leaders , who beseeched him for support .
Though Landau 's bodyguard attempted to prevent journalists from approaching him , my journalistic colleague Jesse Rosenfeld managed to ask him about Obama 's call for freeze on settlement construction .
Visibly irritated by the mention of Obama 's demand , Landau issued an unequivocal statement .
" Those who say , or are trying to suggest that Arabs can build anywhere and everywhere , and Jews can't - it 's something that should be totally rejected . "
Since arriving in Israel , I have observed the battle over settlement expansion from an on - the - ground perspective .
On May 16 , I traveled with the Israeli peace group Ta'ayush to Hilltop 26 , an illegal hilltop outpost constructed by settlers from Kiryat Arba - not an aspect of " natural growth . "
Four angry settler youths confronted us upon our arrival ; within minutes , a squadron of Israeli border police officers , soldiers and a Kiryat Arba security team were on the scene .
The army swiftly issued a " closed military zone order , " ordering us to leave within five minutes or be arrested .
While the soldiers initially allowed the settler youth to stay , the presence of international media apparently prompted them to briefly remove the teenagers while allowing their outpost to remain - an act that underscored the army 's collaboration with settlers to stifle the activities of peace groups .
( See the confrontation in my exclusive Daily Beast video report here . )
On May 25 , Ta'ayush member Joseph Dana detailed to me the continued development of Hilltop 26 .
Since I visited the outpost , Kiryat Arba settlers had wired it with electricity and established a security perimeter .
Two days before , Dana and two other Ta'ayush activists were arrested by Israeli army officers for returning to the area to document conditions and not leaving rapidly enough .
After interrogating the activists in Kiryat Arba police stations - " Why are you always creating chaos here ? "
Dana said the army commander angrily asked him - the commander ignored two calls from left - wing members of Knesset for the activists ' immediate release .
In the end , Dana and his colleagues were released under the condition that they not return to the West Bank for 15 days .
Two days after I listened to Dana 's story , he called me with unexpected news : the army had dismantled Hilltop 26 .
Netanyahu had issued a list of 26 illegal outposts he planned to demolish -- an unsuccessful tactic to mollify the Obama administration -- but Hilltop 26 was not among them .
Dana attributed the sudden demolition to intense coverage of the controversy , particularly my video for the Daily Beast and an editorial he authored for the Israeli daily Ha'aretz .
" It seems like the government was so embarrassed by all the media coverage , and even though they tried to prevent us from even going to Hilltop 26 to document what was happening there , they decided they had to take action , " Dana told me .
The demolition , however , has sparked a furious backlash from the fanatics of Kiryat Arba .
According to Dana , the settlers have initiated a new round of violence inside Hebron - already , an elderly Palestinian man has been beaten .
And while the settlers hatched plans to rebuild the outpost , the following call for retribution appeared on a Kiryat Arba web forum : " The destruction of outposts and their surrender is the first step in the bigger scheme ... we will not be silent any longer !
We will not silently abided by false declarations , promises and temptations ...
Bribes blind the eyes of the righteous .
We will stop the cleansing at the source . "
The battle over Hilltop 26 appears to be just beginning .
So does the struggle between Obama and Netanyahu .
_______
About author Max Blumenthal is an award - winning journalist whose work has appeared in the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Daily Beast , the Nation , the Huffington Post , the Independent Film Channel , Salon.com , Al Jazeera English , and other publications .
He is the author of the bestselling book Republican Gomorrah .
His new book , just published , is Max Blumenthal is an award - winning journalist whose work has appeared in the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Daily Beast , the Nation , the Huffington Post , the Independent Film Channel , Salon.com , Al Jazeera English , and other publications .
He is the author of the bestselling book Republican Gomorrah .
His new book , just published , is Goliath : Life and Loathing in Greater Israel ( Nation Books )
Die Schoeller Textil AG ist ein Textilhersteller mit Hauptsitz in der Schweiz .
Das global agierende Unternehmen hat sich auf die nachhaltige Entwicklung und Produktion von innovativen Textilien und Textiltechnologien spezialisiert , welche in Nischenmärkten weltweit führend sind .
Als Systemanbieter von lösungsorientierten Produkten geht Schoeller auf die spezifischen Kundenwünsche ein und liefert seinen Kunden und Partnern einen spürbaren Mehrwert .
Die Wurzeln des Unternehmens reichen weit zurück ins Jahr 1868 .
In some way , I ’m reminded of the time when Howard Dean challenged our party , asking why we were not standing up to George W. Bush and the obscenity of the Iraq War .
Now , we have a president who truly stands for something .
And I am running both to support our president and push him to move our country in an even more progressive direction .
To some extent , the vision , then , is much broader than the issue of who I ’m running against .
I want our party to stand :
· for single - payer health care ,
· for a different foreign policy
· for the right to belong to a union ,
· for marriage equality
And these are values and principles I ’ve stood for my entire life , not values and principles recently discovered in order to run for Senator .
These values and principles are who I am .
We have a very dramatic different set of values and principles .
If you look at my life and history over the last 25 years I 've done nothing but work for economic justice -- for the labor movement , for the rights of workers .
At the same time , my opponent was a corporate lawyer who represented the tobacco industry and has been very closely allied with the National Rifle Association .
She had very different positions when she ran in 2006 for her House seat on immigration .
I 'm a long time advocate of single payer health care and that is n't something Kristen Gillibrand supports ...
Sometimes I have to pump some political courage into our candidates and incumbents and coax them to support difficult or controversial items on the progressive agenda .
Our guest today is n't that kind of candidate .
Jonathan Tasini , whose politico - spiritual mentor is Paul Wellstone , is the kind of figure who I fully expect to call me and ask me why I 'm not working harder to round up more votes for Employee Free Choice or against the War Supplemental .
He 's determined that Kirsten Gillibrand not march into the office to which she was appointed without facing a progressive challenger committed to seeing it through all the way to the end and not liable to be bullied or bribed out of the race .
He is excited that because the economic crisis is offering us a once - in - a - lifetime chance to profoundly change the country for future generations .
" But , while we have a great majority in Congress , " he told me , " the values and principles of that majority are very important .
Jonathan Tasini is n't going to be Blanche Lincoln or Ben Nelson or Mary Landrieu .
Nor , if he manages to get into the Senate , is he going to morph into a slick corporate shill like New York 's senior senator .
There are a small -- very small -- handful of senators who do n't look at their place of work like an American House of Lords : Bernie Sanders , Dick Durbin , Jeff Merkley , Sherrod Brown , Sheldon Whitehouse ... a couple others .
Jonathan wants to join them .
Needless to say , Jonathan is appalled that anyone calling himself or herself a progressive would even contemplate shutting down the democratic process by discouraging primaries the way Biden , Rendell , Schumer and Emanuel are in Pennsylvania and New York .
He wants to see the primary as a contest of ideas that will help define what the Democratic Party will look like in the state and nationally .
He points out that Kirsten Gillibrand has never stood before the voters and has the seat because of the vote of one person , an accidental governor .
" This should not be a coronation or a selection like a monarchy .
Voters should have the choice to pick who they want to represent them .
" Beyond the process , though , people want to know what precisely Jonathan stands for that differentiates him from Kristen .
Since being appointed to the Senate , she 's virtually disowned the Blue Dog persona that she had adopted in the House .
Her Senate voting record is very progressive , among the top 20 .
As for the Supplemental , Jonathan might as well be a front page FDL blogger .
Aside from being adamantly and unswervingly against wars of foreign occupation -- " I will vote No on every procedural vote to advance unnecessary wars and occupations " -- he 's also against ( to put it mildly ) " money that has been pouring into the banks to bail out the bond holders and the share holders and , essentially , the people who have mismanaged the financial system .
And I have been a long time critics of the IMF , mainly because of the kinds of structural adjustment policies it has forced upon Third World countries , policies that I believe increase poverty by forcing already poor countries to privatize and curtail services .
"
In the middle of the primary season , Jonathan happens to have a book coming out , .
I think we can look forward to an exciting campaign .
Between 2 - 4 pm ( ET ) Jonathan will be joining me for a live blog session at Firedoglake -- in the comments section .
Please come over and meet him in person .
Labels : Jonathan Tasini , Kirsten Gillibrand , New York , Senate 2010
Ready or not here I come !!!
Remember when you were a kid and you would count off Mississippi ’s…one Mississippi , two Mississippi , three Mississippi …
Well now you can relive those warm and fuzzy childhood memories with the Mississippi Clock , a clock that tells time by counting the Mississippi’s .
Sweet Georgia Brown , what will they think of next ?
Share
A passer - by took this picture of the crime scene A man and a 15 - year - old boy are recovering from bullet wounds after a gunman opened fire in a packed restaurant in west London .
Both suffered non-life threatening injuries during the shooting in Harry Morgan 's restaurant in St John 's Wood High Street , at 2110 BST on Friday .
The attacker , carrying two guns , chased the 31 - year - old man into the diner and opened fire , hitting him in the leg .
The Metropolitan Police said no arrests have yet been made .
Pop star Several shots were fired in the venue which was filled with people .
Pop star Rachel Stevens was dining at the venue at the time .
A spokeswoman for the former S Club 7 member said : " Rachel and her family were in a restaurant where there was gunfire .
It was very frightening for everyone there but none of the diners were hurt . "
People were pretty shaken up and were wailing in shock more than anything else
Hugh Pym , witness
An eyewitness said diners threw themselves to the floor screaming and bullet - holes could now be seen .
BBC chief economics correspondent Hugh Pym was also in the restaurant at the time .
He said : " I immediately went to ground and pulled my 15 - year - old son under the table .
" We were aware of a guy running through .
" He did n't appear as if he had a weapon - it felt like he was the victim . "
Pym continued : " We were under the table and everyone was shouting ' stay down , stay down ' .
Singer Rachel Stevens was in the restaurant at the time " Obviously there was a lot of broken glass and people gradually emerged from the tables .
" People were pretty shaken up and were wailing in shock more than anything else . "
Billy Osbourne was also in the restaurant and saw the first man run in .
" Then all of a sudden a guy in a motorbike helmet came in - he had two automatic pistols and he starts firing at the guy .
" As soon as I smelled the cordite I was under the table .
" Everyone was screaming and hitting the deck .
" It was unbelievable - it was a packed restaurant and it does not appear anybody [ among the diners ] was hurt . "
Harry Morgan's was established in 1948 by a London butcher and has been shortlisted in the Evening Standard Restaurant Awards .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
candycane ( Redmine をCakePHPでPHPに移植するプロジェクト)の開発でGitの素晴らしさを痛感したので、これはもう全力でGitを広めるべきだと思いました。そこで、これからGitを始める人が読むべき記事をまとめてみたいと思います。
なお 、Gitの発音は 「 ぎっと」です。
Gitの開発者による45ページの特集記事「 WEB +DB PRESS vol.50 はじめて のGit 」
WEB +DB PRESS Vol.50
このサイトから - 人 が購入しました
全体で - 人 がクリック このサイトからが購入しました全体で人 がクリッ ク WEB + DB PRESS 編集部
技術評論 社
売り上げランキング : 380 おすすめ度の平均 : 森田創特集( ? )
perl , PHP , SQL Amazon.co.jp で詳細を見る
とにもかくにも、まずはこれです。本日付けで最新号のWEB+DB PRESS Vol.50号に、Gitの特集記事が45ページに渡って掲載されています。Gitの開発者である Junio C Hamano氏（日本人）が執筆しているため、内容が新しくて正確です。そして何より説明が分かりやすく文章がやわらかくてイイ！（と思います）
記事の内容はインストールからのチュートリアルを軸に、Gitの概念の解説や単独/グループ作業でのポイントを解説しています。Gitはよく「概念を理解することが、真にGitを理解すること」といわれています（多分）。それにしても日本語による概念のしっかりした解説は、僕が知る限りでは今まで見たことがありません。もしかしたら、現時点で唯一なのではないでしょうか。
後半では 、 「今までのバージョン管理システムでは想像もしなかった便利な機能」を知ることができます。Gitの概念やマージ機能もそうなのですが、便利コマンドの便利さがはんぱないです。ちょっとばかしGitを使っていて得意になっていた僕でも「うおおおまじでこんなことができたのおおおおお！？！？！？？？」と叫びそうになりました。バージョン管理システムの経験者であれば、ちょっと期待して読み進めていいと思います。
さらに 「 トピックブランチ・統合ブランチ・リリースブランチ」という考え方の解説もかなり面白かったです。マージを頻繁に行うことがベースになっている手法なのですが、CVSやSubversionの場合はマージ作業は一日がかりなることもあるため、Gitだからこそできる手法なんだなあと思いました。
という感じで 「はじめての」とはいいつつも、かなり興味深い考え方や手法も知ることができるので、すべてのレベルのGitユーザーにおすすめできる内容だと思います。
ちなみに、普 段WEB+DB PRESS を買っていない職場などで購入に許可が必要な場合は、WEB+DB PRESS Vol.50の別の特集記事として「新人時代に押さえておくべき50の知識」という記事も含まれているのでは「こういう特集があるので、新人向けに買っておきたいのですが」と言えば通りやすくなるかもしれません。
今ならまだ書店にも並んでいるところはあると思いますので帰り際にでもぜひ。
（なお、これは宣伝広告ではありませんし献本も頂いておりませんのであしからず）
Gitを使いこなすための20のコマンド
実践的 なGitのコマンド例がかなりよくまとまっている記事です。例がほんとに絶妙で、Gitをちょっと使い慣れたときにやりたくなる操作の例がたくさんあります。今までちまちま検索していたことが一気にわかるようになるかもしれません。
僕はGitを始めてしばらくしてこれを読んだとき、ひとつの壁を越えられた感じがしました。おすすめです。
Gitを使いこなすための20のコマンド - SourceForge .JP
Magazine
http://sourceforge.jp/magazine/09/03/16/0831212
GitM #1 プレゼン資料
ちょっ とGitを始めたあとにこれを読むと「初心者時代に一度は遭遇するトラブル」が「あるあるー」的な感じで楽しいのでおすすめ。ほぼ生の状態のプレゼン資料ですが、大事なポイントと雰囲気は掴めると思います。
GitM#1
http://whileimautomaton.net/2008/11/gitm1/slides
Git/Subversionコマンド対応表
Subversion経験者であれば、これを見ると大体の雰囲気を掴めるでしょう。「なーんだ、Subversionとけっこう同じじゃん」と思ってやる気が出ればそれだけでもめっけものです。
ただ、いく らSubversionに詳しくても対応表だけではGitを使いこなすことはできないので、参考程度にしておくのがよいでしょう。
か Wiki - Git/Subversionコマンド対応表
http://b4.x0.com/hiki/?Git%2FSubversion%A5%B3%A5%DE%A5%F3%A5%C9%C2%D0%B1%FE%C9%BD
アリスとボブのgitをちゃんと理解したい！
Gitは中央サーバーを立てずにコラボレーション作業ができるのですが、その様子をアリスとボブというキャラクターを使ってストーリー仕立てにしてあります。個人的に非常に続きが読みたいシリーズなので、応援しています！
「 git ちゃんと理解したい 」 の検索結果一覧 - ザリガニが見ていた...。
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/zariganitosh/archive?word=git+%A4%C1%A4%E3%A4%F3%A4%C8%CD%FD%B2%F2%A4%B7%A4%BF%A4%A4
github.com
Gitレポジト リ( 保管場所 ) のレンタルサービスです。無料で300MBまで利用可能で、有料プラン(月$ 7us～)にすると容量アップとレポジトリの非公開設定が利用可能になります。
記事ではないのですが、リモートのレポジトリを利用することで「俺いま新しいこと覚えたやったー！そして便利ー」と思うことができるので、よいかなと。vimやemacsの設定ファイルなどをアップすれば便利ですし、継続的にGitを利用することにもなります。
githubのチュートリアルはこちらをぜひ。
github.comでphp-users.jpを管理するまでの作業ログ
- IDEA*IDEA ～ 百式管理人のライフハックブログ ～
http://www.ideaxidea.com/archives/2008/10/githubcomphpusersjp.html
Gitはソースからインストールしよう
最後に私からのアドバイス。Gitは便利なサブコマンドの進化が早いので、yumなどのソフトウェアレポジトリからインストールするのではなく、ソースからコンパイルしてインストール（make install）することをおすすめします。Gitが参照するライブラリも特殊なものはそれほど多くはないので、比較的難易度は低めだと思いますよ。
それでは快適 なGitライフを！
変更履歴
2009-05 - 14 githubの無料プランの容量が100MBではなく300MBでしたので修正しました。（コメントにてtenkoma氏からご指摘いただきました。ありがとうございます！）
2009-05-14 はじめてのGitのページ数が16ページではなく45ページでしたので修正しました。（はてなブックマークのコメントにてid:naonos氏からご指摘いただきました。ありがとうございます！）
California 's IOU Fever Is Likely To Spread To Other States
California has begun to issue IOUs to many state vendors as it grows low on cash .
The largest state in America as measured by GDP is up against a $ 24 billion deficit .
According to the FT , “ Once the US ’s richest state , California now has the dubious distinction of having the worst credit rating in the country . ”
The state could be joined by Michigan , Florida , and New York as those states face similar problems balancing state budgets .
The IOU issue has far - reaching consequences .
The first of these is that many critical vendors may refuse to take IOUs .
Companies that work for states that are in financial trouble may simply refuse service , if they can afford to forgo the business .
There is no guarantee that the IOUs will be paid , particularly if any of the struggling states are forced into some form of receivership .
California could lose access to critical suppliers that help maintain its infrastructure and programs that are critical to compensating state employees .
The other side of the IOU coin is just as troubling .
Some of the firms being asked to take IOUs cannot continue to operate without cash flow .
They cannot pay their employees or their operational expenses with promises from the state .
Some of these firms may be forced to close .
That will deprive California of their services and it will add to the rolls of the state ’s unemployed which will pile another burden onto the heap of unemployment benefits and social services .
The IOU program becomes a vicious circle .
There is a very reasonable chance that some of America ’s largest states will begin to default on critical obligations including essential services and bond payments .
These states will no longer be able to raise money in the capital markets .
They will have no where to go other than the lender of last resort .
And , that would be the US Treasury which is already straining under the obligations of the US budget deficit .
Douglas A. McIntyre
Apple has finally allowed pornography into the iTunes App Store .
The application , called Hottest Girls , costs $ 2 and includes " 2200 + images of topless , sexy babes and nude models " .
UPDATE : TechCrunch is reporting that Apple has pulled the app from its App Store , stating , " it appears someone over at Cupertino [ has ] ultimately decided to reject the first such app . "
The removal of the app is only a temporary one , according to the app 's developer .
Allen Leung , developer of Hottest Girls , posted on his web site that his app is " temporarily sold out " due to overload on his image server .
* UPDATE # 2 : Apple has reiterated its policy against pornographic apps and is taking credit for pulling the app .
Leung has subsequently removed his claim of being " sold out . "
More details in our followup story : Apple : No Porn Allowed in iPhone 's App Store
*
Why has Apple , a company which banned an e-book application from the same store because it could be used to download the Kama Sutra , suddenly started selling smut ?
Because the 3.0 iPhone software update now allows age restrictions for applications .
Also , when I downloaded the application to test it , a new alert popped up asking me if I am over 17 .
I said yes .
The application itself is terrible .
Four photos are shown on screen at once and tapping one will pull a full sized version from the server .
From here you can look at it or save it to your photo - roll .
There is no slideshow to display a progressive striptease of the same model , so you are limited to one picture at a time before you have to navigate back to the main screen , which shows a lack of understanding as to how a porn app should work .
You could of course just use the application for downloading and view the pictures later in the Photos application .
You can , however , pick a category .
On offer are Popular , Asian , Blonde , Brunette and Swimsuit .
This is a little less specialized than what you will find on most porn sites , and it is also distinctly softcore : while there are nipples to be seen , that 's about it .
A smartly - worded Google image search would do better if you 're looking for titillation .
The most interesting part is the social media aspect , or at least a crowd - sourcing one .
When you view a picture full - size you are asked to rate it as either good or bad .
Supposedly these ratings will steer future updates , which will be free and pushed directly to buyers .
This is certainly an interesting move from Apple .
One of the main reasons for not buying porn on the internet ( apart from the vast range of free content ) is fear that the purveyors will rip you off if you give them a credit card number .
With the Apple Store , your stimulation is just an easy , automatically - billed click away .
This first foray is quite awful , but you can be sure that there will be more , and better , very soon .
Product page [ iTunes ]
The Different Light Sections That You Can Choose Online
LED Light has gained awareness and recognition all over the world and still increasing in popularity for a wide variety of reasons .
Attention has been shifted from traditional lighting such as fluorescent , halogen and others all because of the great benefits LEDs bring to the table of every user .
There is different LED light in the market with all having the same benefits which include the lifespan , energy efficiency , durability , low voltage , light dispersion and many more to mention a few .
There are different light sections or types that you can choose online concerning their needs .
Let ’s check out the different types of LED light in the market .
LED Shop Light
The benefit of lighting in the place of work ca n’t be overlooked , and it is divided into different sections such as productivity , health , personal choice , safety , and ergonomics .
As regarding the importance of LED shop light with security , workers get fully aware of what goes around in their surroundings .
It gives them the awareness needed to know the possible hazard that could happen while working .
It offers clearer view and brightness to anyplace where it ’s been used .
If you are in need of any of the best - LED light that is ideal and perfect for your shop , we have some of the best collection on the section on this site .
As regarding health and productivity , poor lighting can make one feel lethargic , and that can affect the rate of one ’s productivity at work .
Choosing
Led light for workplace over every other is an excellent option as it will help to boost your performance .
Under Cabinet LED
Light
Not all men know the importance of cabinet lighting , but the case is different with women because most women out there take their kitchen as their second room .
The kitchen is the preferred room in the whole house for most women because that ’s precisely where the meal is done .
And one of the ways to make it look appealing and attractive is through the décor that is incorporated , and one of the best ways to achieve that is through the use of cabinet lighting .
Different options can be used for the lightning such as fluorescent and halogen , but none offers the benefits you get from the use of LED light .
The use of Led light for cabinet lighting is significant as it gives you cabinet a different look since most of them comes in different style .
LED lighting for your cabinet enhances the interior design , provides less shadow , very easy to install , and it lowers your electricity bill since it does n’t consume energy .
You do n’t have to look too far to make your choice as you can hop over to our section on this site to create your collections .
LED Fog Lights
If you happen to be the type that is always on the road either with your bike or car you will surely know the importance of fog lights .
Fog lights are not different from every other light but work in a better way in the sense that it gives more illumination to one ’s path .
Come to think of how illuminated the trail will be with the use of LED fog lights .
The LED fog light gives you a clear awareness of what is ahead of you and how you can easily navigate your way without any risk of an accident .
It has no benefit or let me say it ’s of no use during the day , but it is of greater importance at night for those that drive during the dark hour of the night .
Once can easily bump over a moving car or run into potholes without fog lights .
But with that in place , you can easily have a smooth movement and enjoy the ride .
There are lots of amazing LED fog lights in the market , and you might end up getting a less quality one which is why we have on our platform a section for LED fog lights for those who are ever going to be in need of one for their car or bike .
LED Light Bar
The LED light bar is a compliment to the fog light on any car or truck .
It is n’t necessary to have one , but it is an excellent addition to your car lighting .
The perfect place to position it is on the head of the car .
The Light will illuminate your path and makes it more apparent when driving .
It is the perfect piece to get you well informed of what is on the road so that you do n’t run into any car ahead of you .
It works effectively that the light that comes with your car and that makes its operation appealing to users .
The Led light bar comes in three different types in which some are spotlight which helps you to see thing from a far distance .
The spotlight can travel a far distance to get you aware of things ahead of you .
While the second light being the flood light , it is different in its operation in such that it ca n’t travel far but will illuminate your surroundings .
On that note , there is the last which is known as the combo light that comprises of the spot and flood light in one .
The goal is to give more illumination to your path while driving .
Reef Tank LED
Light
Are you in need of lighting for your freshwater , reef tank or aquarium ?
Then you needed to follow the trendy style of using LED lights .
LED light even proves to be more active in illuminating the reef tank and making life pleasing to the animals and plants in it .
The good about using Led light for your reef tank is that most of the ones you will find in the market come in different style and color and will give your reef tank a tremendous and attractive look .
The LED light will give the tank a glamorous appearance , and it will not harm the aquatic animals and plants in it because it does n’t emit heat .
It is eco-friendly and user - friendly as well to the animals and those around it .
You would n’t know how attractive your reef tank will be until you try any of our LED light we have in store on this site .
LED Garage Lighting
Most people leave out the garage of their home when putting the exterior lights in place .
But it is an integral part of the house where you can as well keep essential things , and some often use as their car parking space .
It is an excellent thing to illuminate one ’s garage because it helps to keep intruder off your property and keep your items safe and intact .
Apart from helping you keep intruder off , it is a place that one can quickly do some house chore or work for those who loves home DIY project .
One would need a source of illumination that will make the entire place clearer and brighter .
Led light proves to be the best because it wo n’t consume energy but conserves and thereby reduce your electricity bill .
It is cost effective and effortless to use .
LED Nail Lamp
It is common in most of the professional manicure center .
It is a device that can be used on the nail to dry the paint that has been used on it .
Some come expensive , and some are relatively inexpensive making too easy to own for everyone who desires to keep their nail the way they want it to be .
It is effortless to use , and it does n’t hurt .
All it takes is to put the paint on the fingernails and to get it dry and remain in excellent condition , you have to place the finger in the lamp , and the light will act on the paint and solidify it .
The light emitted does n’t cause any harm to the hand , and that makes it so more comfortable to use for anyone .
The device can be bought and used at home for those who love to do things themselves and not all the device allows the use of the two hands at the time .
Some allow your four fingers while you have to the thump separately and some are big to the point that it can be used with your leg too .
We have in this section different type with our focus on quality and value , and you can always trust our decision in selecting the right products .
LED AAA Flashlight
The flashlight is common in the most household as it is handy and easy to operate .
Its function is to use where there is a limited supply of light .
For instance , you want to fix the attic area of your home , and you have to go through the ceiling , you need a light that will illuminate the whole place for you , and that calls for the need of a flashlight .
Led flashlight is taking the floor in the market because it is very bright and last longer when in use compared to some other typical flashlight in the market .
The LED AAA flashlight does n’t use electricity but can only be powered through the use of AAA batteries , and that can be replaced on the off chance that it runs out of charges or power .
LED Pool Light
Why not give your pool a new look ?
You should n’t be too accustomed to the typical look of a pool and trust me one can get less motivated to get into the pool with the regular appearance .
With the LED pool light , you will give your pool a new appearance as you can choose to get a LED with different light pattern and that will make your pool attractive .
Another reason for choosing LED light for your pool is that it gives you a more unobstructed view of the pool at night .
LED light is brighter than every other light option you will find in the market , and it does n’t consume energy , plus the heat emitted does n’t cause any harm to the water or those using the pool .
We ’ve got the best collections , and we ’ll be glad if you make the right choice by checking any of them out .
Your pool deserves the best too .
LED Throw Light
If you are the type that watches movies especially action one that has to deal with FBI or CIA , you will find out that they do make use of light when after a criminal that ran into the hideout .
The light is known as throw light .
It can be used by anyone and not only the military because it is a device for self - defense as you can cause anyone whose intention to harm you to go blind for minutes by throwing the light straight to their face .
Once you switch on the light through the button , you direct it to the front of the person , and he / she will go blind for some minutes and that it is why it is mostly used by military personnel .
IF you want to get anyone who is in the force a birthday gift and you do n’t know what to get , the throw flashlight will be appreciated .
It is advisable that most household must possess one throw light .
Also , you can check the list we have on our site .
LED Outdoor Solar Light
Not only the interior part of the house needs to be illuminated , the outdoor as well is very important .
It is a form to keep your home secured and illuminates the entire area thereby giving you aware of all that goes on around you .
The LED light does n’t consume energy , it will help to reduce your electricity bill , and most of them do come with a motion sensor which means they will come on whenever it detects movement some miles away .
It will help to keep intruder away once they know the light will come up once motion is detected and they can be quickly noticed .
The good part of the LED solar light is that electricity powers not all .
Some come with a solar option which means that they get recharged during the day when the sun shines and when at night the energy received will be converted to supply light .
Led Medical Penlights
The best gift you can give to any medical students or any personnel in the health sector is the medical penlights .
It will be appreciated because it is one of the most critical devices in the medical line .
It is being used to check the pupil response of patients and some other parts such as the throat and the nose .
It can be used by all medical personnel , and it is different from every other light because it comes with pupil gauge and every other thing that makes it ideal for the medical line .
We have different types of medical penlights here , and you can always check them out to make the right choice .
LED Off - road Light
Offroad light is very resourceful especially for those who often travel with their automobile .
It is a device that can be used on any car to illuminate the trail .
The light gets you will inform of that which is ahead of you , and it helps to keep one safe from any hazardous situation .
It is very bright and sees far if it is a pot light type and you get to know all that happens around you if it is floodlight , but you get the two in one if you opt for a combo offroad light .
LED Penlight
A penlight is mostly mistaken as a typical pen because it comes with a section which is for the pen .
The idea is to make life bearable without the need for taking a separate pen and also a flashlight .
So it is a combination of a flashlight and a pen in one .
It is portable and can be placed in the pocket since it is lightweight and does n’t add any unnecessary weight to the user .
Once you need to write anything , you switch the pen mode , and when you need the flashlight , you turn the light mode and use .
LED Pistol Lights
You do n’t have right to on this if you do n’t have access or license to the pistol .
It is why military personnel mostly use it .
The light helps to ensure precision and accuracy while shooting .
It helps the pistol handler to get a full view of the target before initiating the shot .
It has proven to be very useful as it reduces the level of guess and makes it quite easier to force men to decide without any risk of shooting a civilian instead of a criminal .
In conclusion , our goal is to get you informed on that which is trending as regarding lighting device .
Here is our contribution and on each section , we have detailed information with a list of quality products you can choose to meet your need .
All i=that is required from you is to read carefully and make the right choice .
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) - Ireland recognized the legal rights of same - sex couples for the first time Friday in a civil partnership bill that gave people in long - term relationships many of the statutory rights of married couples .
But it stopped short of recognizing civil marriage .
There are strong rights conferred to marriage under the constitution of the traditionally Catholic country , which was amended to lift a ban on divorce in 1995 .
“ This bill provides legal protection for cohabiting couples and is an important step , particularly for same - sex couples , whose relationships have not previously been given legal recognition by the state , ” Justice Minister Dermot Ahern said in a statement .
The legislation provides a range of previously denied rights including maintenance obligations , protection of a shared home and succession .
“ Balance is achieved by maintaining material distinctions between civil partnership and marriage , in particular between the rights attaching to both , while at the same time reflecting the equality rights protected by the constitution , ” Ahern said .
The legalized sale of contraceptives caused controversy upon its introduction in 1979 in Ireland , where abortion still remains illegal .
“ This is an historic civil rights reform that will resolve many immediate and pressing issues faced by lesbian and gay couples and the minister and the government are to be congratulated , ” Kieran Rose , chairman of the Gay and Lesbian Equality Network said in a statement .
We are the all singing , all dancing crap of the world :
Fight Club and the Post - Modern Dilemma of Manhood
by Ron Hogan
" Years ago , manhood was an opportunity for achievement , and now it is a problem to be overcome . "
-- Garrison Keillor , The Book of Guys
There is a growing feeling in society , spawned predominantly in the wake of the feminist movement of the 60s and 70s , that men are growing increasingly devalued in North American life .
Certainly , men are still present , and there are still roles for men to play , but the traditional roles of men are increasingly being usurped , supplanted , or phased out by the rise of women in the workforce and the overall societal shift from production to service as primary employment , as well as a cultural shift that has been putting more and more emphasis on women and female achievement rather than splitting the emphasis between male achievement and female achievement .
Men are being alienated and marginalized by the very group that they marginalized and alienated for centuries , specifically women , in an attempt to bring about a twisted version of equality .
The primary subject and focus of the movie Fight Club is the generation of men born in America since the 60s : the male children of the Baby Boom generation in North America .
While certainly the film has appeal to all sexes , men and masculinity will be central to the discussion because men are the subject matter under discussion .
There are several important male characters known by name , such as Tyler Durden and Robert ' Bob ' Paulson ( a former champion bodybuilder who lost his testicles to cancer and developed what Jack calls " bitch tits " ) , one male character with no name , called here Jack or Narrator , and only one female character of which to speak , Marla Singer , which renders the focus on the movie solely on the boys .
The movie is primarily about the relationship between Tyler and Jack , which takes on a father - son dichotomy , in the sense that the father is a model for the son .
Jack is a white collar worker at an insurance agency who is racked with insomnia .
On one of his many flights cross-country , he meets Tyler , a flashy and charismatic soap salesman .
Through Tyler , Jack experiences an awakening in both body and spirit that spawns primarily from a group called Fight Club , in which men get together in a basement and fight one another for the simple pleasures of fighting and bonding with one another ; think of it as a fraternity with more blood .
As Tyler 's behavior spirals out of control and Fight Club morphs into the paramilitary organization called Project Mayhem , Jack is left with a frightening realization : he is Tyler Durden , and somehow , Jack must stop himself from destroying the headquarters of the American credit - card industry to free working - class America from its crushing debt , and put a halt to Project Mayhem 's revolutionary ' homework assignment ' ( summary of Fight Club ) .
Roger Ebert describes Fight Club as " the most frankly and cheerfully fascist big - star movie since ' Death Wish , ' a celebration of violence in which the heroes write themselves a license to drink , smoke , screw and beat one another up " ( " Fight Club ( 1999 ) ** " ) or do Ebert and the majority of the ' cream of the crop ' film critics working today miss the point of the movie ?
Examining the user ratings for the film on the Internet Movie Database , we find that the general public holds Fight Club in high esteem , with the film located in the 41st spot in the Internet Movie Database 's top 250 movie listing ( " Fight Club ( 1999 ) " ) , which suggests a serious disconnect between the educated reviewer and the public that holds the film in high esteem .
It is very possible that the published reviewers are missing the entire point of the movie simply because they are no longer members of the group of people that Fight Club speaks to and about .
Roger Ebert and his ilk are no longer members of the middle and lower classes of men chained to low - wage , dead end jobs , and thus , they have forgotten the frustration and hopelessness that shackles the average American male to a world that he cannot mold in his own image .
Roger Ebert cannot rage against the machine , because he has become a cog within the machine .
Contrary to Ebert 's opinion , Fight Club is not " a celebration of violence ( " Fight Club ( 1999 ) ** " ) .
The violence of Fight Club betrays the violence of Fight Club 's message , and is very necessary to understand just why Tyler Durden is the created double of Jack .
The film seeks to answer Jack 's question : " If you wake up at a different time , in a different place , could you wake up as a different person ? " ( Fight Club ) .
While the phrase ' passing ' in the original context of Werner Sollers meant solely racial or " passing [ . . .] in the sense of ' crossing over ' the color line from the black to the white side " ( Sollers 247 ) , the passing referenced in this work is the extended idea of passing postulated by Elaine Ginsberg " applied discursively to disguises of other elements of an individual 's presumed ' natural ' or ' essential ' identity , including class , ethnicity , and sexuality as well as gender " ( 3 ) .
Unlike Oscar Wilde 's novel The Picture of Dorian Gray , in which the handsome Dorian is the passing figure for the depraved and hideous Dorian in the picture , the mundane and boring Jack is the passing figure for the inner , honest man that is Tyler Durden , in an amalgamated ' passing ' against repressive forces critical of male sexuality and the lower / middle class which reverses the idea that the passer 's non-passing identity is the ' true ' identity .
Passing is primarily a method used to escape from or to cope with the pressures of societal oppression , with Tyler passing as Jack to avoid the recriminations of political correctness ;
Tyler drinks , smokes , curses , and generally does everything that is frowned upon by both church morality and state mandate .
' Thou shalt not take the Lord 's name in vain ' now goes hand in hand with Lexington , Kentucky 's indoor smoking ban .
Tyler Durden escapes from Jack to reclaim his ability to express his manhood in a way that postmodern society does not allow manhood to be expressed .
Fight Club is a work that concerns itself with raging against the machine in all its guises , with Tyler Durden and Project Mayhem existing solely to confront those implements of society that cripple and chain men , preventing their ' inner Tyler ' from being freed , forcing men to play the vanilla role of ' Jack ' .
Fight Club itself is a manifestation of the internal war between Jack and Tyler ; the fighting is not between the maitre'd and the copy boy at the office but between the office role and the inner man struggling to be released from the prison of the service industry , passionless , sexless , and soulless male .
The importance of the film and novel Fight Club lies within the plot , but the institutions introduced in the plot and protagonist and antagonist are the very keys that drive the work , making the movie into biting social commentary that transcends the dualistic nature of Jack / Tyler .
Jack , the narrator , Tyler Durden , the leader of Project Mayhem , and the Fight Club / Project Mayhem institution itself are worth serious focus , as it is the interplay between these concepts and the feelings , beliefs , and actions that they represent that illuminate the plight of the male in the current societal climate ; Fight Club is incredibly popular among young men because young men can identify with the film :
All that thirty years of behavioral conditioning has done is drive manliness underground and distort it by severing it from traditional sources of masculine restraint and civility [. . .
B]ut little boys still want to play war and shoot up the living room with plastic howitzers , and we can't give them all Ritalin . [. . .]
Again , the point is to channel these energies into the development of character .
Boys and young men still want to be heroes .
( Newell qtd. in LiveReal )
Men work the inane jobs that Jack and Tyler suffer through to survive , and they are victims of the same existentialist torments that Jack suffers from because what he is told to be is what postmodern man is told to be :
" [ T ] he new workforce hero is now modeled on the image of the young computer whiz yuppie who defines his life and goals around hot start - up e-commerce companies , day trading and other get rich before I 'm twenty - one schemes as well as the conspicuous consumption of expensive products " ( Giroux " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence " ) .
Fight Club speaks to listless and directionless young men in a calculated attempt to shock and disturb them from their mundane slow deaths that pass for existence , and it speaks to and shocks women in an attempt to wake them up to the way the change in society is damaging and killing their sons , brothers , and husbands .
Before we can discuss the hero
Tyler , we must first meet the walking , talking corpse Jack .
Without Jack to repress him , there is no Tyler .
" I am Jack 's section of the paper . "
Fig. 1 – Jack living vicariously through Bob
The nameless narrator of Fight Club is the unfortunate and pathetic result of the placeless plight of the male in postmodern America .
Jack , as he is called by those who discuss the movie ( as a pun on the reused " I am Jack 's _____ " medical booklets found in Tyler 's squat ) , is a prisoner of his own emasculation .
Jack is miserable and suffering , a shell of a man who exists solely to produce and consume , but never to exist .
Jack 's emotional problems are manifested in a myriad of ways , but of particular interest are the ways Jack 's unhappiness affect him physically .
Jack , in many ways , is a victim of the slothful lifestyle of the service industry .
Jack 's job as a recall coordinator for a major car company keeps him on airplanes or slumped behind a computer monitor , and this sedentary lifestyle plays havoc with Jack physically .
An examination of Jack 's tormented body explains a great deal about Jack 's tormented soul .
Jack is an insomniac , catching a few hours of sleep here or fifteen minutes on an airplane ; Jack 's sleeplessness is a sign of something more significantly wrong with him mentally , rather than a physical symptom .
Jack is pale .
His shoulders are permanently slumped forward .
Jack is soft and flabby , his eyes hollow and listless .
Jack is a wreck ; he is merely another victim of the keyboard jockey lifestyle .
Jack , to put it bluntly , is very slowly dying in the most miserable manner possible , and this death is more than simple physical death , it is a spiritual death .
Fig. 2 – Evolution : from ape to Jack
Jack is the epitome of what most people would consider to be a nonentity .
He , quite frankly , is boring not only to others , but he is even boring to himself .
Jack is a living , breathing zombie , shambling through life on the most basic of automatic pilot modes .
He goes from work to home , shifting his attention from computer monitor or gristly accident scene to the blurry brightness of the television or the brightly - colored and artificial IKEA catalogue .
To further emphasize the fact that Jack is not an entity , Jack does not even have a real name .
Jack is simply what he is called in the DVD 's extended commentary and the name that fans of the movie have given him in order to keep from calling him simply Narrator ( Edward Norton 's role as listed in the film 's credits ) .
Jack has no real self ; what Jack endures day in and day out cannot even be generously described as a rich , fulfilling life .
He is an emotionless , soulless shell of a man who can only feel or experience any sort of relief from his insomnia through the purgation of his negative emotions that he accomplishes vicariously through various 12 step and survivor 's support groups , most specifically AA , NA , a brain parasite support group , and memorably , testicular cancer survivors ; these are places that he has no right to be , considering he 's not addicted to drugs , alcohol , has no known brain parasites , and still has his testicles .
Marla Singer , the sole important woman in the movie , is quite possibly the person Jack blames loss of this release and the emergence of Tyler :
" She was a liar .
She had no diseases at all .
I had seen her at ' Free and Clear ' my blood parasite group Thursdays .
Then at ' Hope ' , my bi-monthly sickle cell circle .
And again at ' Seize the Day ' , my tuberculosis Friday night .
Marla ... the big tourist .
Her lie reflected my lie .
Suddenly I felt nothing .
I could n't cry , so once again I could n't sleep " ( Fight Club ) .
After he has a good cry at a survivor 's group , his insomnia is broken and he is free to sleep .
Jack cannot feel , cannot live sanely without this vicarious emotional release and with Marla present , Jack 's perilous fiction that all these people are legitimately suffering and dying is broken .
If Marla is ' passing ' as a cancer patient , then perhaps there are no real suffering souls in these meetings and all the empathy generated is false .
In order for Jack to be sated by his vicarious emotional outlet , he must be the only person in the group ' passing ' as a victim of whatever the malady of the day is .
Robinson , in her piece " It Takes One to Know One : Passing and Communities of Common Interest , " discusses the three distinct audiences of passing : the passer , the dupe , and the in - group .
In this case , Jack is the passer , the self - help groups members are the dupes , and Marla is the in - group because she recognizes Jack as a fellow passer without his confessing such .
Knowing that there is another member of the in - group amongst the dupes destroys the illusion of Jack 's successful pass .
Someone else knows his secret .
Without the respite provided by the self - help groups , Jack becomes more and more helplessly gripped by his damaging insomnia , denied the very thing which kept him sane .
Jack is a materialistic shell of what he could or should be .
" Home was a condo on the fifteenth floor of a filing cabinet for widows and young professionals " ( Fight Club ) .
His apartment is an IKEA showplace , with every piece of meaningless furniture chosen out of a catalogue at an inflated price .
The furniture is in fact , barely functional .
The IKEA furniture is merely a collection of status symbols , pointing towards Jack 's status as a well - off middle - class apartment - dweller .
" I flipped through catalogs and wondered : ' What kind of dining set defines me as a person ? ' " ( Fight Club ) .
Jack has this furniture not because he wants it , particularly ;
Jack has this furniture because he is supposed to have it and because he foolishly believed that he could define himself with catalogue garbage .
Jack has all the typical dysfunctions associated with the ' new breed ' of man popularized in the 90's .
" Jack is portrayed as a neoliberal Everyman–an emasculated , repressed corporate drone whose life is simply an extension of a reified and commodified culture " ( Giroux " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence " ) .
He is a brand whore , handcuffed by his material possessions to a job that is slowly killing him .
He works his lousy job , lives in his picture - perfect apartment with the photo reproductions on the wall and fancy yuppie furniture .
" I see all this potential , and I see squandering .
God damn it , an entire generation pumping gas , waiting tables ; slaves with white collars .
Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes , working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we do n't need , " Tyler maintains .
( Fight Club )
The phrase ' white collars ' suggests the white collared shirt traditionally worn by office workers like Jack .
Jack consumes and consumes ; he is what men are told to be by the same societal forces that tell women to starve themselves for the sake of beauty .
Jack , pudgy and pale , is going through life in the same way that everyone goes through life , buying what he is supposed to buy , working where he is supposed to work , and living in a place where he is supposed to live without questioning the status quo or batting an eye as to the effect his conditioning is having on his physical , emotional , and mental health .
American men are branded ( commercial brands , not actual branding irons though that would probably be more respectable and less damaging in the long run ) to within an inch of their lives , with " the male body [. . .] transformed from an agent of production to a receptacle for consumption .
A rampant culture of consumption , coupled with a loss of manufacturing and middle - management jobs presents white males with an identity crisis of unparalleled proportions " ( Giroux " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence " ) .
As Tyler illuminates , " [ W ] e 're consumers .
We are by - products of a lifestyle obsession .
Murder , crime , poverty , these things do n't concern me .
What concerns me are celebrity magazines , television with 500 channels , some guy 's name on my underwear .
Rogaine , Viagra , Olestra " ( Fight Club ) .
Things are bought not because they are needed , but because commercials dictate that a certain brand is the cool thing to have .
People no longer sit in armchairs ; they sit in Catnapper Recliners or La-Z - Boys .
People no longer drive cars ; they drive Hummers , BMWs , Mercedes - Benz , and Ford Mustang GTs .
Try to find a piece of clothing that does not have someone 's name on it somewhere .
Even food is branded , mass produced , and homogenized .
American men accept their lot in life without resistance , because resistance takes a degree of guts , balls , and backbone that has been socially - programmed out of the average American male : " [ T ] he new millennium offers white , heterosexual men nothing less than a life in which ennui and domestication define their everyday existence " ( Giroux " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence " ) .
The patriots of the American Revolution and the patriots who saved Europe in World War Two no longer exist ; Tom Brokaw called these great men and women " the Greatest Generation , " forged in a crucible of warfare and economic hardships the likes of which are unimaginable at this point in time .
The Great Depression makes America 's current economic sluggishness look like a burp ; the casualties of the war in Iraq are negligible compared to the casualties at the Battle of the Bulge , which had 81,000 American casualties recorded in 40 days ( Kline " The Battle of the Bulge " ) .
The listless and directionless children of the Baby Boom are unable to cope with the mundane business of living without the assistance of a litany of therapists and potent drug cocktails designed to keep Joe Average from slitting his wrists out of desperation .
American men are , in the words of Tyler Durden , " the middle children of history , man .
No purpose or place .
We have no Great War. No Great Depression .
Our Great War 's a spiritual war ... our Great Depression is our lives " ( Fight Club ) .
The response of society to the problems specific to male children is telling :
" More than 70 % of [ students in special education ] are also boys . [. . . H]e is four times as likely to be diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder [ which ] leads to being forced to take Ritalin or risk being expelled , sent to special ed , or having parents accused of negligence .
One study of public schools in Fairfax County , Va. , found that more than 20 % of upper - middle - class white boys were taking Ritalin - like drugs by fifth grade " ( Conlin " The New Gender Gap " ) .
The problems of men like Jack and of the male in postmodern society can be explained by looking at the Baby Boomers and their parenting styles :
Boomers ( of the previous generation ) were told not to be hung up about providing masculine role models for children , reassured that we should do whatever made us happiest , including escaping an unsatisfying marriage .
After all , to hold things together for the sake of the children would restrict both men and women to old - fashioned " patriarchal " responsibilities .
The casualties of this hard , bright credo of selfishness are today 's underfathered young men , many of them from broken homes , prone to identify their maleness with aggression because they have no better model to imitate ( Newell qtd. in LiveReal ) .
The maladaptive Baby Boomers and their radical new ideas lead to a nation largely composed of people who are too psychologically fragile to handle the pressures of actually living without the assistance of TV's glass teat and a handful of Children 's Chewable Prozac .
Rather than facing the problems of males like those of females have been faced with educational and social programs , as well as thousands of investigative reports and after - school specials , male issues are simply drugged away , solving nothing .
Jack and Tyler are men raised without fathers , and both men identify their maleness with aggression because they have no other models on which to base themselves because , implicitly , of their absentee fathers : " Our fathers were our models for God .
If our fathers bailed , what does that tell you about God ? [. . .]
You have to consider the possibility that God does not like you .
He never wanted you .
In all probability , he hates you " ( Fight Club ) .
Tyler Durden is Jack 's model of perfect manhood and , in effect , the solution to Jack 's problems .
Tyler Durden educates Jack , freeing him from his materialism and giving him a purpose and direction in life .
Tyler Durden is Jack 's model for God .
The most interesting single - serving friend I 've ever met .
" He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . " -- Dr. Johnson
Fig. 3 - The impossibly cool Tyler Durden
Tyler Durden , the fictional creation of the sleep - addled and wearied mind of Jack the narrator , is in every way imaginable the polar opposite of the weak , emasculated shell of a man referred to as Jack .
Jack and Tyler work as an example of what Otto Rank called the double , which " primarily appears to the main character as a reflection .
Always , too , this double works at cross- purposes with its prototype " ( 33 ) .
Tyler Durden is , in many ways , a throwback to an era of masculinity that was unashamed to be male and that did not feel bad for having been the scapegoat to blame for all the problems in the world ( everyone blames straight white men for the world 's problems ) .
Tyler lives , breathes , and revels in his bodily pleasures ; unlike Jack , Tyler still retains his figurative testicles , rejecting outright the societal forces that have crippled and castrated Jack .
Whereas Jack is a mess of emotional and physical problems , Tyler Durden is none of these things .
In fact , despite Tyler 's drinking and smoking , he is the picture of good physical health , if not good mental health when compared to Jack .
Whereas Jack spends all his time in front of the television or the computer , Tyler does not even own any of these things .
Jack works as a recall coordinator in a office building ;
Tyler works a variety of low - paying , low - responsibility ' gray collar ' jobs to while away his spare time and to supplement his income , he sells expensive , homemade , high - quality soaps :
" Tyler sold his soap [ made of fat stolen from liposuction clinic dumpsters ] to department stores at $ 20 a bar .
Lord knows what they charged .
It was beautiful .
We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them " ( Fight Club ) .
Tyler is tan .
Tyler has good posture , and his body portrays none of the puffiness that is suggested on Jack 's sedentary frame , and Tyler 's eyes sparkle with an inner light which may or may not be indicative of insouciance .
Tyler is " carved out of wood " ( Fight Club ) without resorting to the cheap meaninglessness of visits to the gymnasium , dieting , and personal trainers .
" Self - improvement is masturbation " ( Fight Club ) , Tyler maintains when he and Jack mock an impossibly sculpted male model on a bus advertisement .
Tyler 's fitness and activity level is not a conscious fitness effort but a natural outgrowth of Tyler 's lifestyle .
Tyler is the epitome of what could be considered a natural - born leader .
Tyler is one of those lucky people that act as a magnet for others , setting himself up further as the anti-Jack .
" If Jack is a model of packaged conformity and yuppie depthlessness , Tyler is a no- holds - barred charismatic rebel " ( Giroux " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence " ) , drawing those around him into his sphere of influence with the force of personality alone .
Unlike Jack , who has no real name , Tyler Durden is named several times .
Tyler has a profitable soap company .
When Marla enters the picture , Tyler charms her into bed .
Tyler is successful in all the ways Jack is not .
Tyler works only when it interests him to do so and only jobs that provide him ample opportunity to have and enjoy his free time while still allowing him to pull any number of disgusting pranks on those whom he serves , whether its splicing scenes of pornography in family films as a movie projectionist or urinating into the soup as a banquet server .
Tyler is not a wealthy person by any means , but he lives the sort of lifestyle that he enjoys without crass consumerist concerns like those seen in Jack .
Tyler manages to live within himself without becoming a service - industry whore like Jack .
Tyler , or so we are lead to believe , has absolutely no problems getting to sleep at night , and his thoughts on self - help and support groups no doubt fall into the same category as his feelings on visits to the gym , with self - improvement being equated to masturbation .
Tyler is nothing like the ' new breed ' of male .
Tyler has completely rejected all the ethics of materialism .
Nothing ties Tyler to the world around him .
Tyler works when he feels like it , quits his jobs when they bore him , and cares nothing for a fancy apartment or plush furniture .
Jack is a shark like - consumer ;
Tyler is a vulture , picking through the discarded and ' worthless ' remnants of a fad - based consumer society to extract usefulness from things people like Jack have discarded .
Indeed , Tyler and Jack come to live together after Jack has been rendered placeless and ' worthless ' after the explosion of the apartment which meant so much to Jack 's consumer heart .
Tyler is able to reclaim the discarded materials of life , from old furniture to liposuctioned fat , to even Jack and the future Space Monkeys of Project Mayhem , and turn them into something that has use and meaning again .
Tyler is a found artist , or more accurately a reclamation specialist , who turns the status quo on its ear by remaking broken and heretofore useless things into functional creations once more .
Tyler does not accept things they way they are ;
Tyler works to turn things the way he thinks they should be , which makes him an active participant in life rather than a spectator to life like Jack .
Tyler is living the sort of life that is enviable in its resistance to consumerist propaganda , although not many people have the necessary degree of self - discipline necessary to lead a life so far below the poverty line .
Tyler bears no brand loyalties ; his clothing is the type of clothing found at consignment shops in large bins .
Tyler , without a doubt , is a person that could very easily be considered cool , but the name brand on his clothing has nothing to do with his coolness .
Tyler is cool because
Tyler could not care less about allegiance to some corporate entity that does not care about him as anything other than a worker drone or a figure on a balance sheet .
" You 're not your job .
You 're not how much money you have in the bank .
You 're not the car you drive .
You 're not the contents of your wallet .
You are not your fucking khakis " ( Fight Club ) .
Tyler lives in a derelict house on a bad side of town with his only neighbors being abandoned factories which Tyler and Jack are free to vandalize .
Tyler 's home is furnished with nothing that is not scrounged off the street or stolen .
The house is a shambles , with floors littered with discarded magazines , a leaky roof , and broken windows , but it is good enough for Tyler .
Everything in Tyler 's life , from his clothing to his home and furniture , is the epitome of ugly but functional .
Tyler represents an entirely different way of life than the one Jack represents , and this is where Tyler 's power lies .
Jack is soft modernity ;
Tyler is representative of the wild and societies of the past .
Tyler 's vision of the future is bleak , if you like being chained to created desires :
" In the world I see - you are stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center .
You 'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life .
You 'll climb the wrist - thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower .
And when you look down , you 'll see tiny figures pounding corn , laying strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of some abandoned superhighway " ( Fight Club ) .
This is a far cry from Jack 's domesticity .
Tyler 's vision protects the world from the nefarious designs of media culture and the health care and prescription drug lobbies suppressing natural cures for unnatural problems .
There are no empowerment groups for the supposedly - disenfranchised ; there are no beautiful models beckoning from billboards , driving the fattened masses to stuff their maws with McDonalds or force themselves into Calvin Klein 's latest design for anorexic gym -rats .
There are no televisions around to raise children in Tyler Durden 's future ; the weak , lazy , and ineffective will no doubt die before they reach procreation age and who says that culling the herd is such a bad thing ?
Tyler certainly would not .
Tyler is the antithesis of the listless and directionless " 30 year - old boys " ( Fight Club ) of Jack 's generation .
Tyler is creation of Jack 's repressed desires and serves a necessary fiction designed to keep Jack from snapping entirely .
Tyler is Jack 's coping mechanism , and as Jack says :
" [ Y ] ou had to give it to him : he had a plan .
And it started to make sense , in a Tyler sort of way .
No fear .
No distractions .
The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide " ( Fight Club ) .
This is Jack after Tyler enters his life ; Tyler gives Jack the ability to not care .
This is Jack post - Fight Club .
There are certain things that one cannot learn from vicarious emotional experiences .
Some events in life cannot be communicated properly via television or radio .
Some events must be experienced to be believed ; some events are not real until they are really survived .
Some things , like Tyler says after deliberately crashing a car on the side of the road , could be called " a near - life experience " ( Fight Club ) ; in order for these experiences to mean something to the person having them , they must be real .
They must affect you physically as well as emotionally .
This ability to be shaken from the mundane and to have " near - life " experiences is why Tyler escapes from the prison of boring placidness that is the Jack mask .
The only way for Tyler to truly escape and to try and rectify his existence with Jack 's existence is through the machinations of Project Mayhem and the self - actualizing force of Fight Club .
The thing I 'm not supposed to talk about .
/ My homework assignment .
" It is the fight alone that pleases us , not the victory . "
-- Blaise Pascal
Feminism and women 's liberation are not terrible things damning society .
Feminism has been very beneficial in equalizing the sexes and easing the patriarchal forces oppressing society .
However , there is a fine line between the noble goal of equalizing the sexes and reversing the oppressed / oppressor dichotomy .
The pendulum is swinging in the wrong direction , reversing the situation that women tried for a hundred years to change .
The argument being made is not that women do not deserve a place in the ' man 's world ' , but that men deserve spheres of their own .
The postmodern male is entering into a society in which he has no place of his own , and he is struggling with the harshness of his increasingly tenuous place in a growingly gynocratic society .
Women are present in nearly every formerly all - male institution and these institutions have been feminized and sensitivity - trained to make them more palatable ; there are no more men- only spheres .
If there is a men's only group , women fight to be a part of it because they feel left out or are afraid they are missing something ; Augusta National Golf Club is a prime example of this trend , with Martha Burk 's crusade to integrate a men-only golf course .
Men , generally , have no interest in becoming part of female - only groups ( except for that one man who sued to be a waitress at Hooters ) .
Instead of simply equalizing and empowering women , this change is crippling men .
Society is building up their daughters to the detriment of their sons .
" [ I ] n every state , every income bracket , every racial and ethnic group , and most industrialized Western nations , women reign , earning an average 57 % of all BAs and 58 % of all master 's degrees in the U.S. alone .
There are 133 girls getting BAs for every 100 guys -- a number that 's projected to grow to 142 women per 100 men by 2010 , according to the U.S. Education Dept .
If current trends continue , demographers say , there will be 156 women per 100 men earning degrees by 2020 " ( Conlin " The New Gender Gap " ) .
Women are entering traditionally male industries and not relinquishing their dominance of traditionally female occupations :
" From 1950 to 1999 , the percentage of women among U.S. architects nearly quadrupled , to 16 % ; the percentage of women economists nearly tripled , to 51 % of the profession ; the share of women pharmacists increased sixfold , to 49 % ; and the number of women lawyers went up sevenfold , to 29 % .
Women journalists now total 50 % of the workforce , up from 38 % in 1950 " ( Cohn " Women in the Workforce " ) .
However , when examining teaching ( a traditional female vocation ) we find men losing ground :
" Men make up only about 10 % of elementary school teachers , but nearly half in middle and high school .
Men are even losing ground here , NEA figures show ; in 1971 , they accounted for 55 % of high school teachers , now it 's 41 % " ( Toppo " USA 's Teaching Pool not Diverse " ) .
The function of the Fight Club group founded by Jack and Tyler is to offset the trend of female participation in everything ; Fight Club is a place where men can bond and spend time with other men without being forced to adapt to an increasingly feminized workplace .
This lack of place and a lack of male role models damages males psychologically :
" A family structure index - a composite index based on the annual rate of children involved in divorce and the percentage of families with children present that are female - headed - is a strong predictor of suicide among young adult and adolescent white males " ( McCall and Land " Trends in White Male Adolescent , Young - Adult , and Elderly Suicide : Are There Common Underlying Structural Factors ? " )
Note the rise in male suicides coinciding with the rise in feminism and the rise of single - parent homes and compare these statistics to the fall in female suicide and the attention paid to female psychological problems :
" The number of female suicide victims was considerably lower in 1996 than it was in 1979 , in spite of a sizeable increase in the American population during that period .
It declined from 6,950 to 5,905 annually .
The number of the male suicide victims rose during the same period from 20,256 to 24,998 annually " ( Rowland " USA Suicide Deaths 1976 - 1996 " ) .
Simply put , no one is watching out for the sons of the Boomers , especially not their fathers .
Fight Club is the actualization of the Jack / Tyler conflict and can be summarized as the lure of the primeval verses the lulling effects of contemporary societal mores .
One needs only to remember Tyler 's utopian dream of " stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center " ( Fight Club ) to realize this .
Fight Club meetings take place in the basement of a bar , further harkening back to the simpler times of the Old West and the saloon .
The saloon was the precursor to the bar , a building that had many uses in the Old West , " one [ social function ] was to serve as a setting for a puberty rite for boys , whose first visit was part of becoming a man " ( Erodes paraphrased in Ulmer Heuristics ) .
Fight Club serves as a new " fortress of Anglo machismo where masculinity extends its hide , the castle of male chauvinism with hair on its chest , the ' rooster crow of democracy ' " ( Erodes qtd. in Ulmer Heuristics ) .
Fight Club is the last refuge for men in Jack 's world , a last choking gasp of the male rite - of - passage that allows the " 30 - year - old boy [s ] " ( Fight Club ) to finally become men allowed to freely express themselves and bond thanks in no small part to the relaxing effects of violence , which releases adrenaline and dopamine , and alcohol , which lowers inhibitions .
Jack and the members of Project Mayhem look on Tyler as something of a father figure , because Tyler is their only real model for manhood .
Tyler is the only one who is of male age with no emotional problems ( Jack ) , no overt feminine characteristics ( Bob and a young blond credited as Angel Face ) , and with the determination to organize a group that would eventually become the seeds of a revolution .
The men model themselves on Tyler , moving into his Paper Street squat and becoming a de facto family .
Jack is so taken with Tyler that several times he has " Tyler 's words coming out of [ his ] mouth " ( Fight Club ) .
Fight Club morphs into Project Mayhem , taking on cult / religious overtones .
At one point the members of Project Mayhem , called Space Monkeys by Tyler , " assert that as members of Project Mayhem they have no names and Jack insists , ' This is a friend of mine and his name is Robert Paulson . '
They take this as a new part of their credo " ( Redd " Masculine Identity in the Service Class : An Analysis of Fight Club " ) as a tribute to their deceased brother Bob , earning the right to have an identity through the ultimate sacrifice .
Prospective members are forced to stand at attention in the front yard or perform labor to merit Tyler 's attention :
[ T ] his is how dictators get their start , gathering men about themselves willing to die for a charismatic leader , men willing to follow rules like Project Mayhem 's :
No questions , no names .
The depersonalization to which Tyler 's followers are willing to subject themselves , and the violence they are ready to commit , is a terrifying reminder that one of the aims of civilization is to contain the aggression of strong men ( Johanson " Fight Club " ) .
Tyler goes from being an example of how to live to a cult leader ; the men in Project Mayhem go from slaves , to free men , and finally , to the level of trained beasts , willfully submitting to their ' father 's ' wishes .
Jack is the only one who resists , and even he cannot sway Tyler :
Narrator : Tyler , I 'm grateful to you ; for everything that you 've done for me .
But this is too much .
I do n't want this .
Tyler Durden :
What do you want ?
Wanna go back to the shit job , fuckin ' condo world , watching sitcoms ?
Fuck you , I wo n't do it .
( Fight Club )
Once the wheels of Project Mayhem are set in motion , not even Jack / Tyler Durden is able to stop them :
Narrator :
You 're making a big mistake , fellas !
Police Officer :
You said you would say that .
Narrator : I 'm not Tyler Durden !
Police Officer :
You told us you 'd say that , too .
Narrator :
All right then , I 'm Tyler Durden .
Listen to me ; I 'm giving you a direct order .
We 're aborting this mission right now .
Police Officer :
You said you would definitely say that . [. . .]
You said that if anyone ever interferes with project mayhem , even you , we gotta get his balls .
The Tyler portion of Jack 's personality has sealed shut every chance at stopping the work once it has been begun , because this work is necessary for the very survival of Tyler / Jack 's soul .
In order to free himself to become Tyler for good , Tyler has to destroy life as Jack knows it .
Everything in Jack 's life is centered on money and materialism , and the most visible symbols of the capitalist society are the corporate headquarters of the American credit card industry .
Destroy those icons and Jack is free to become Tyler for good , no longer imprisoned by the consumerist lifestyle ;
Tyler has to kill what is holding Jack back and his weapon of choice is Project Mayhem 's " theatre of mass destruction .
The demolitions committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of a dozen buildings with blasting gelatin .
In two minutes , primary charges will blow base charges and a few square blocks will be reduced to smoldering rubble " ( Fight Club ) .
By freeing Jack in such a spectacularly terroristic manner , everyone else in America will be free .
Destroy the computers that contain electronic records of debt , and the debt itself is destroyed and a nation is freed from student loans , mortgages , medical fees , and car payments .
Through the actions of Project Mayhem , the erstwhile sons of Tyler become free from debt , already having been freed by Tyler from capitalist society 's rampant consumer culture .
The end of the movie is very problematic for several reasons .
As the film draws to a climax , Jack and Tyler are struggling .
Jack is trying to stop Tyler 's madness , and Tyler is trying to save Jack from himself .
Jack is subdued and tied to a chair , with a gun in his mouth .
As Jack takes control of his body once more and forces himself to realize that he is the one holding the gun in his own mouth and thusly , has all the power .
Tyler realizes this as well , just about the time Jack pulls the trigger and shoots himself in the head .
Jack , the character played by Edward Norton is the one who is left to embrace Marla Singer as the credit industry crumbles around Tyler 's observation post .
Why is it that Jack 's physical self remains while Tyler 's physical self disappears as buildings collapse all around them ?
This seems similar to the belief that many stalkers have , in which to become the person stalked necessitates the death of the stalker 's object of worship .
Jack wins , if one can call the destruction of society a win , because he is able to shake himself from the consumer drudgery , regain his lost masculinity and find the delicate balance between the meaningless Jack and the frighteningly unfettered Tyler .
By rectifying the disconnect between Tyler and himself , Jack ( or perhaps his name really is Tyler Durden all along ) becomes fully realized , able to deal with the world around him without shutting down entirely .
Tyler physically disappears because , as a coping mechanism , he is no longer necessary once the slate has been wiped clean and Jack regains what society programmed out of him .
" Death — the last sleep ?
No , the final awakening . "
Walter Scott
Works Cited :
Cohn , Laura .
" Women in the Workforce . "
Business Week Online . 15 February 2000 .
7 December 2004 .
( http://www.businessweek.com/bwdaily/dnflash/feb2000/nf00215a.htm)
Conlin , Michelle .
" The New Gender Gap . " Business Week Online .
26 May 2003 .
7 December 2004 .
( http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/03_21/b3834001_mz001.htm)
Ebert , Roger .
" Fight Club ( 1999 ) **. " RogerEbert.com .
15 October 1999 . 27 October 2004 .
( http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/19991015/REVIEWS/910150302/1023)
Fight Club .
Dir. David Fincher .
Perf. Brad Pitt , Edward Norton , and Helena Bonham Carter .
20th Century Fox , 1999 .
" Fight Club ( 1999 ) . " IMDB.com .
1999 . Internet Movie Database . 30 October 2004 .
( http://imdb.com/title/tt0137523/)
" Fight Club and the Modern Male . " Livereal.com .
No Date. LiveReal . 1 December 2004 .
Ginsberg , Elaine K. " Introduction : The Politics of Passing . "
Passing and the Fictions of Identity .
Durham , NC : Duke UP , 1996 .
1 -18 .
Giroux , Henry A. " Private Satisfactions and Public Disorders : Fight Club , Patriarchy , and the Politics of Masculine Violence . "
July 3 , 2000 .
1 December 2004 .
( http://www.gseis.ucla.edu/courses/ed253a/FightClub)
Johanson , AnnMarie .
" Fight Club . " Flick Filsopher .
1999 . 8 December 2004 .
( http://www.flickfilosopher.com/flickfilos/archive/4q99/fightclub.html)
Kline , John .
" The Battle of the Bulge . " 10 August 2004 .
7 December 2004 .
( http://www.mm.com/user/jpk/battle.htm)
McCall , Patricia L. and Kenneth C. Land .
" Trends in White Male Adolescent , Young - Adult , and Elderly Suicide : Are There Common Underlying Structural Factors ? " Social Science Research 23 ( 1994 ) : 57 -81 .
Rank , Otto .
The Double : A Psychoanalytic Study .
Trans .
Harry Tucker .
New York : NAL , 1979 .
33 .
Redd , Adrienne .
" Masculine Identity in the Service Class : An Analysis of Fight Club . "
Criticism.com . 27 June 2004 .
8 December 2004
( http://www.criticism.com/md/fightclub.html)
Robinson , Amy .
" It Takes One to Know One : Passing and Communities of Interest . "
Critical Inquiry 20.4 ( 1994 ) : 715-36 .
Rowland , Gerald L. " USA Suicide Deaths 1976 - 1996 . "
FathersForLife.org . 24 June 2004 .
8 December 2004
( http://www.fathersforlife.org/ussuic.htm)
Sollers , Werner .
" Passing ; or , Sacrificing a Parvenu . "
Neither Black nor White yet Both .
New York : Oxford UP , 1997 .
246-84 .
Toppo , Greg . " USA 's Teaching Pool Not Diverse . " USA Today ( online ) .
2 July 2003 .
7 December 2004 .
( http://www.usatoday.com/news/education/2003-07-01-teacher-usat_x.htm)
Ulmer , Gregory .
Heuristics .
Baltimore : Johns Hopkins UP , 1994 .
Wilde , Oscar .
The Picture of Dorian Gray .
New York : Tor , 1999 .
TURBAT , Pakistan 
Three local political leaders were seized from a small legal office here in April , handcuffed , blindfolded and hustled into a waiting pickup truck in front of their lawyer and neighboring shopkeepers .
Their bodies , riddled with bullets and badly decomposed in the scorching heat , were found in a date palm grove five days later .
Local residents are convinced that the killings were the work of the Pakistani intelligence agencies , and the deaths have provided a new spark for revolt across Baluchistan , a vast and restless province in Pakistan ’s southwest where the government faces yet another insurgency .
Although not on the same scale as the Taliban insurgency in the northwest , the conflict in Baluchistan is steadily gaining ground .
Politicians and analysts warn that it presents a distracting second front for the authorities , drawing off resources , like helicopters , that the United States provided Pakistan to fight the Taliban and Al Qaeda .
Baluch nationalists and some Pakistani politicians say the Baluch conflict holds the potential to break the country apart 
Baluchistan makes up a third of Pakistan ’s territory  unless the government urgently deals with years of pent up grievances and stays the hand of the military and security services .
IT Companies Go Green
Thanks to the Eco-Logical Initiative
Would you like to see the companies that provide your favorite IT services go green ?
Well , with some help from the Eco-Logical initiative , it is actually happening .
The Eco-Logical initiative is an interesting cooperative program that has been put together by four different companies to educate enterprises and organizations on how to combine environmental concern and commitment with rational and intelligent business management .
What is particularly interesting abut the program is the huge reservoir of information it has created for IT professionals who are interested in green IT , server efficiency and managing a more ecological data center .
Aside from a series of white papers and reports , Eco-logical has put together a video series of best practices from some of the companies whose products and services we use on a regular basis .
In this video , they speak with Josh Morton , Vice President of Enterprise Services for Sprint .
Morton discusses the company ’s high levels of corporate stewardship and responsibility and their look at the full life - cycle of reducing environmental impacts from their data center .
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHtgE_5OCEQ
Please follow and like us :
Related
The last futile , expensive , and grotesquely immoral war launched by the United States was authored by those ideological shape - shifters and creatures of legend , the neoconservatives ( neocons for short ) , whose storied history has been the subject of endless books , articles , and memoirs .
There ’s even a documentary film in which the aforesaid neocons tout their own intellectual importance in what has got to be one of the most extravagant displays of narcissism since … well , since Narcissus .
As the details of their ideological hegira from Left to Right are so well known – I ’ve covered the subject in detail over the years – suffice to say that these worthies were the real intellectual authors of the Iraq war .
When Bill Clinton was in power , Weekly Standard editor William Kristol organized an ad hoc think - tank / advocacy group known as the Project for a New American Century , which ceaselessly agitated for war with Iraq and a policy of " regime change " throughout the Middle East .
In coordination with like - minded folks over at the American Enterprise Institute , publications such as the Weekly Standard and National Review , plus influential columnists such as Charles Krauthammer and Max Boot , the neocons led the charge as we careened into the Iraqi quagmire .
It took them a good decade , but in the end they succeeded : both major political parties are now committed to their program of endless military intervention in the Middle East , with the only differences being tactical .
But I ’m getting ahead of myself :
In order to bamboozle the American public into believing that this was a defensive and justifiable war , the neocons and their allies came up with various arguments – Iraq ’s alleged " weapons of mass destruction , " his purported plans to attack his neighbors , and his supposed ability to threaten the continental U.S. – but their central if only implied talking point was that Saddam was in some way instrumental in bringing about the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
For the most part , this was not stated explicitly ; the idea was to link Saddam and Osama by referring to them in the same sentence .
Yet the implication was clear , and the administration and its media amen corner returned to this theme again and again , arguing that we had to strike Iraq in answer to al - Qaeda ’s murderous sneak attack .
The campaign to link the two figures in the public mind was so successful that , to this day , there are a large number of people who believe Saddam Hussein authored the 9/11 attacks , long after this narrative has been debunked to the bone .
The Democrats took out after this narrative last year , rightly pointing out that the links between Saddam and 9/11 were nonexistent and gleefully pointing to Afghanistan as the " forgotten " front in the war on terrorism , which they claimed had been shamefully neglected by the incompetent Bushies .
Once they were in power , they averred during the campaign , they ’d fix that by pouring more troops into Afghanistan , and going after alleged al - Qaeda units operating in Pakistan ’s untamed tribal areas .
These " national security Democrats , " as they defensively called themselves – to differentiate themselves , I guess , from your regular run -of - the - mill Democratic surrender - monkeys – replicated the neocon strategy , first , with a think - tank : the Center for a New American Security , founded in 2007 and funded , as the Wall Street Journal reports , by " foundations such as the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , " as well as " some government money to study particular issues . "
In those ( few short ) years in the political wilderness , CNAS churned out policy papers and allied with the " centrist " Clintonian wing of the party .
More recently , co-founder Michele Flournoy authored a study [ .pdf ] that argued against a fixed timetable for withdrawal from Iraq .
Like President Obama , they have repeated essentially the same rationale for the Af - Pak war as the Bush administration and its apologists spun for the Iraq invasion – it ’s being billed as a proactive strike against terrorist enemies who are " plotting " strikes against America .
This argument , however , is no more convincing coming from left - neocons than it was coming out of the mouths of Bush , Cheney , and the PNAC crowd .
Osama bin Laden is long gone from Afghanistan , if he ’s even still alive – which Pakistan ’s president rather doubts – and as for the whole question of " terrorist sanctuaries " and the supposed danger this poses to the continental United States , I agree with Matt Yglesias ’ trenchant analysis :
" Plotting does n’t strike me as a particularly space - intensive activity .
When the ThinkProgress team gets together to plot , we usually do it in a small confined space .
More generally , the entire safe haven concept strikes me as overrated .
The 9/11 attacks were primarily plotted in Hamburg .
A terrorist in the Swat Valley is , by definition , not in a position to blow something up in a Western city . "
Like the neocons , who came together as a reaction [ . pdf ] against the perceived pantywaistedness of the antiwar Democrats of the 1970s , CNAS was conceived in response to the Republican charge that the Democrats are " soft " on national security issues .
CNAS set out to prove them wrong and proceeded to build a case for widening the " war on terrorism " to include not only Afghanistan but also Pakistan .
Ready with their policy prescriptions when the Obamaites were swept into power , CNAS personnel flooded into the new administration ( John Podesta , head of the Obama transition team , is on the CNAS board ) .
In a bit of synchronicity that we would do well to note , Flournoy has been appointed to take over Douglas Feith ‘s old domain : the Pentagon ’s policy shop , where the neocons prepared the Kool - Aid for general distribution .
CNAS is behind the new counterinsurgency strategy championed by the neoconservatives before their exile from the corridors of power and advanced by their hero , Gen. David Petraeus , in the army ’s new counterinsurgency manual [ .pdf ] .
As opposed to the ham - handed slash - and - burn methods of the early years in Iraq , the new militarist dispensation is based on the concept of conducting a political and economic war , complementing and reinforcing the element of pure coercion .
" Clear , hold , and build " is the slogan of the new militarism , and it is one uniquely suited to the demands of an expansive , albeit " liberal , " interventionism masquerading as " internationalism . "
Set for a long - term occupation of Afghanistan – and quite possibly large portions of neighboring Pakistan – the CNAS - niks are committed to the concept of war as essentially a social engineering project .
Their chief guru , John Nagl , boasts of the new military doctrine ’s ability to " change entire societies . "
Gee , I ’ll bet that ’s one implication of the mindless " change " mantra Obama ’s antiwar supporters never imagined possible .
CNAS is the new American Enterprise Institute in that it is left - neocon central in the way that AEI and PNAC performed a similar function during the Bush years .
A look at the CNAS board of directors – an institution where Raytheon and Lockheed - Martin , the Albright Group and Armitage International , the Center for American Progress and the Hoover Institution all have a place at the table – provides a few key clues as to its provenance and mission .
The establishment is facing a popular uprising on several fronts , and foreign policy is no exception .
There is a general , though inchoate , rebellion against the idea that we have to intervene all over the world , especially given our present economic straits .
The Iraq war has soured a new generation on the idea of America as a world - savior , as Vietnam did the previous one , and the left - neocons pushing the Af - Pak war are facing an uphill fight in the long run , although they may hold the temporary advantage of serving under a popular president .
It ’s early yet , and already voices are being raised – on the Left as well as the anti-Obama Right – against the widening of the Afghan war and the incursions into Pakistan .
Yet the War Party has one big advantage .
Groups like CNAS are financed to the hilt by big corporate interests and the politically connected plutocrats who profit from war and our foreign policy of global intervention .
Their intellectual handmaidens in the growing constellation of left - neocon Washington outfits are nothing but the latest window - dressing for the same warmongering , corporatist agenda .
I ca n’t help but look and marvel at the disparate character of their antipode – this Web site .
They ’re spending millions to promote the same old militaristic blather , albeit under the banner of an ersatz liberalism , while we ’re in the midst of a fundraising drive to raise a relatively measly $ 70,000 to continue operating .
I ’ll bet CNAS , which is feeding at the federal trough , spends that much every quarter on lunch !
Our seasonal fundraising drive is just kicking in , and it kills me to look at the highly uneven playing field , with a plethora of political and corporate interests ganging up to continue the same discredited interventionist policies that have poisoned our relations with the rest of the world for the past eight years – and longer .
Raytheon and Lockheed - Martin are n’t paying our bills , and there ’s no antiwar equivalent to the corporate and government moguls who populate the CNAS board of directors .
The War Party outguns us when it comes to finances and connections to the Washington elite , yet they feel obligated to attack us , as CNAS senior fellow and Washington Post Pentagon correspondent Tom Ricks did recently on his ForeignPolicy.com blog .
It ’s a David - and - Goliath scene , with the stone in our slingshot being the support of the American people .
Yet if we are to continue to reach Americans , and the rest of the world , we need your financial support .
Unlike CNAS , and their equivalents on the Right , we do n’t have any big corporate interests backing us – and we do n’t take government money , and would never consider doing so .
If you ’re an American taxpayer , you do n’t have a choice about funding CNAS , no matter what you think of their viewpoint .
However , you do have a choice when it comes to supporting Antiwar.com – and we would n’t have it any other way .
I just hope that you make the right choice , and that ’s why I ’m doing my best to convince you that contributing to Antiwar.com is essential right now .
In an age of intellectual conformity and lockstep " Left " and " Right " party lines – both of which seem to agree on the merits of our eternal " war on terrorism " – Antiwar.com is more necessary than ever before .
And Antiwar.com is such a great resource , even if you do n’t always ( or ever ) agree with our worldview .
It ’s fair to say this Web site is the single most comprehensive news - and - comment portal covering the foreign policy front .
That ’s why our audience is bigger than a good many " mainstream " media outlets .
Yet we do n’t have mainstream money , and that ’s where you come in .
We ’ve always depended on the support of our readers , and we ’re turning to you once again .
As war clouds gather on the not - so - distant horizon , it ’s more important than ever to keep independent reporting on foreign policy alive and well .
Contribute today .
Allergic to “ grilled cheese ”
A disclaimer from Meredith : When this letter arrived in my Love Letters InBox , it was too risqué to post on Boston.com ( we ’re a family website , after all ) .
But because I believe the reader ’s question is valid and worthy of our discussion , I ’ve decided to post it -- with all of the writer 's R-rated phrases replaced by my G - rated euphemisms .
I 'm asking that you use my euphemisms in your comments so I can post them .
I love a good euphemism , do n’t you ?
I am a 30 Year old male .
I have been dating a wonderful woman for 2.5 years .
I would describe everything about her as perfect except for one thing .
She absolutely refuses to [ make me a grilled cheese sandwich ] .
Now I want to ask her to marry me , but the thought of going the rest of my life without receiving [ grilled cheese sandwiches ] is definitely a worry .
I fear I may resent her eventually , or possibly feel the need to seek [ grilled cheese sandwiches ] out somewhere else when enough time has passed .
It has already been 2.5 + years since I last experienced a [ grilled cheese sandwich ] .
It is starting to consume my thoughts .
I do n't know if this one thing is enough to be a deal - breaker .
Everything else is perfect .
I do n't know what to do ! -- [ Needing Grilled Cheese ] , Boston
Recent improvements in the design of solar hot water technology has made it a much more interesting and affordable option for those who want to reduce both their heating bills , hot water bills and carbon footprint .
It is no longer necessary to live in the Caribbean or in Africa to install an economic solar hot water system .
For example , throughout the UK , with modern solar hot water systems it is economical and cheaper over a number of years to use a solar hot water heater than a conventional one powered by electricity or by gas .
This article explains how solar energy can be used to heat water in your home , and sets out the main types of residential solar power systems available .
It also provides diagrams and videos for those main types of system , and a guide to working out whether it is worh it financially to install solar powered water heaters .
Bien qu’héritier doré , la petite frappe neuilléenne qui nous gouverne a un cursus scolaire et universitaire pour le moins médiocre , ce qui ne porterait pas forcément à conséquence s’il ne mentait constamment à ce sujet .
Coup de projecteur sur un parcours qui « remet en perspective » ses rapports avec le monde scolaire et universitaire :
Sarkozy et l’Université – la revanche personnelle d’un cancre
Sarkozy , bachelier médiocre et alors ?
Études et vie professionnelle
Le curriculum du Président sur le site de la Présidence
*
Résumé :
Le petit Nicolas a commencé ses études secondaires en redoublant sa sixième .
Sa puberté passée ( ? ) , le « grand » Nicolas a décroché le baccalauréat B à l’oral de rattrapage .
Après un 07/20 en français à l’écrit : les problèmes de langue de Mr « Casse toi Pov’con » ont une longue histoire .
Et un médiocre 11/20 en Sciences économiques et sociales , qui était en principe la « spécialité » de son bac : on n’est pas sorti de la crise !
Alors qu’il persiste à s’afficher , sur le site de la Présidence , comme ancien de « Sciences Po Paris » ( = Institut d’études politiques de Paris ) , il n’a fait qu’y passer sans y décrocher le moindre diplôme .
Quant au DEA en sciences politiques qu’il prétend avoir obtenu à Paris X Nanterre « avec mention » , 1 / il a été ajourné à la première session ; 2 / le procès - verbal de le deuxième session a disparu ( le seul procès verbal manquant de toute l’existence du DEA ) ; 3 / tout candidat reçu à tout examen a une mention , au moins la « mention passable ».
Son certificat d’aptitude à la profession d’avocat , la profession de môman Sarko , a été obtenu avec la note limite de 10/20 .
Par contre , son bac à peine décroché , il se met à l’ombre de Charles Pasqua , dès 1974 ( il a 19 ans ) .
Sous cette autorité incontestée en magouillages mafioso - politico - financiers en tous genres , il sera un « étudiant » surdoué : il devient responsable de la section de Neuilly du RPR en 1976 ( il a 21 ans ) , puis conseiller municipal de Neuilly en 1977 ( il a 22 ans ) .
Certes , un élève brillant ne fait pas nécessairement un bon président , mais rien ne prouve pour autant qu’un élève médiocre fasse un président acceptable !
* * *
*
Mr Daley went to Kyrgyzstan to run a woollen mill for a Welsh firm
The boss of an overseas firm who was shot four times and seriously injured , and sacked by his employer on the same day , has won a £ 160,000 pay claim .
Ex-patriate Sean Daley , 31 , from Bicester , was employed to run a struggling mill in central Asia and was paid irregularly , the High Court heard .
He was shot by unknown gunmen on 6 July 2006 in Kyrgyzstan and sacked later that day , the judges were told .
Camco Corporation of Wales was made to pay salary arrears by the High Court .
Buyers found Mr Daley , formerly of Hunt Close , Bicester , sometimes had to borrow money or use his own funds to keep the woollen mill afloat due to a lack of operating funds , the court heard .
He was told to sell the mill and eventually found some buyers from Khazakstan in May 2005 .
Lady Justice Smith said his salary was paid irregularly by Camco Corporation Ltd , a business and management consultancy firm based in Caerphilly , south Wales .
Camco was plainly in breach of the terms of Mr Daley 's contract of employment in that it was not honouring his remuneration package
Lady Justice Smith
He had been attempting to recoup the pay arrears when he was seriously injured .
Mr Daley was shot while leaving his home in the Kyrgyzstan capital , Bishkek .
His barrister Sam Neaman said police in Kyrgyzstan still did not know who was responsible for the attack .
A bullet was lodged in Mr Daley 's liver and he was flown back to the UK for treatment .
Doctors had to remove one kidney and part of his other kidney , Mr Neaman said .
While in hospital he received a letter from Camco , dated on the day of the attack , informing him that he had also been made redundant , which the high court judges said was " unfortunate . "
Mr Daley took his claim to Oxford District Registry court in 2008 and Judge Charles Harris QC awarded him £ 161 , 559 in back pay , £ 49,470 in interest , plus " reasonable contributions " to his pension fund .
Camco accused Mr Daley of fraud , said his evidence was far from " forthright or clear " and lodged an appeal , which was heard at the High Court .
Lady Justice Smith , sitting with Lady Justice Arden and Mr Justice Richards , upheld the original ruling and ordered the firm to pay his heavy legal costs , £ 40,000 of which he should receive immediately .
She said : " Camco was plainly in breach of the terms of Mr Daley 's contract of employment in that it was not honouring his remuneration package . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The egregious rustic put to death A bull by stopping of its breath : Disposed the carcass in a shed With fragrant herbs and branches spread .
Once when we left him unpaid , with egregious excuses , I looked back and saw him shaking with inaudible laughter behind his film .
She was almost as far from believing as from wishing it to be sincere ; for she had not forgotten that he could mistake , and his assertion of the offer and of her encouragement convinced her that his mistakes could sometimes be very egregious .
In vanity , therefore , she gained but little ; her chief profit was in wonder .
' Egregious folly - - too absurd to require contradiction -- mere inventions of the imagination , which you ought to be ashamed of .
However , her extreme poverty , and chiefly her egregious vanity ( somewhat of which hath been already hinted to the reader ) , gave him some little hope , that , notwithstanding all her avowed tenderness , she might in time be brought to content herself with a fortune superior to her expectation , and which might indulge her vanity , by setting her above all her equals .
Astley ! "
Yes , as now I look back at things , I remember that I felt greatly depressed , despite the absurd gigglings of the egregious Blanche .
The author of " Zarathustra " never lost sight of that egregious example of a transvaluation of all values through Christianity , whereby the whole of the deified mode of life and thought of the Greeks , as well as strong Romedom , was almost annihilated or transvalued in a comparatively short time .
Dowler had as great an objection to duelling as himself ; in short , this blustering and awful personage was one of the most egregious cowards in existence , and interpreting Mr .
He would be quiet ; he was in ridiculous and offensive earnest about his egregious Cure .
" You are mistaken in thinking so , " returned Franz calmly ; " but you merely fall into the same error which leads so many of our countrymen to commit the most egregious blunders , -- I mean that of judging the habits and customs of Italy and Spain by our Parisian notions ; believe me , nothing is more fallacious than to form any estimate of the degree of intimacy you may suppose existing among persons by the familiar terms they seem upon ; there is a similarity of feeling at this instant between ourselves and the countess -- nothing more . "
The daughter of the egregious financier de Barral did not answer at once this question going to the heart of things .
Striving for mediocrity in a world of excelence , The Chaser is a media empire which rivals Rupert Murdoch ’s in all fields except power , influence , popularity and profitability .
Advertisement
Fignon in 2008 .
Photo : Agence France Presse
Two time Tour de France champion Laurent Fignon has confirmed that he has been diagnosed with advanced intestinal cancer .
“ My cancer is an advanced cancer because it has metastasized , ” the 48 - year - old Fignon said in an interview to be broadcast on French television on Sunday .
“ We know for certain it ’s in the pancreas and we do n’t know the rest .
I do n’t know what ’s going to happen .
I am optimistic .
I am going to fight and I am sure I can win the battle . ”
Fignon said he began treatment as soon as the diagnosis was confirmed .
“ I am undergoing chemotherapy already and have been for 15 days , ” he said .
“ I did the second session a few days ago .
Things are going pretty well , I feel good .
Right now , I do n’t know more than you .
Everything is going well . ”
Fignon won his first Tour in 1983 .
Photo : Graham Watson
Fignon recorded the interview to publicize his forthcoming book , “ We were young and unconcerned . ”
Fignon won the Tour de France in 1983 and 1984 and holds the distinction of having lost the Tour by the narrowest margin in history , when he finished second to American Greg LeMond , losing the three - week race by just eight seconds .
Fignon also won the 1989 Giro d’Italia and Milan - San Remo in both 1988 and 1989 .
Fignon answered frankly when the interviewer on the “ 7 a 8 ” program asked if there might have been a connection between his past doping practices and this illness .
“ I will not say it did not play a role , ” he said .
“ I just do n’t know .
At this point , it ’s impossible to say yes or no .
According to my doctors , apparently not .
I discussed my personal history quite frankly and they said that would be too simple an explanation .
“ Digestive cancer is primarily a disease of nutrition .
The products I took were intramuscular , they did n’t pass through the stomach .
So , no , if all the cyclists who doped would later have cancer , then everyone would have cancer …
Whether those who lived through 1998 , when a lot of extreme things happened , will get cancer after 10 or 20 years , I really ca n’t say . ”
Fignon won the Critérium International in 1982 and was widely hailed as the next great French hope as the career of Bernard Hinault was beginning to fade .
Hinault , who underwent knee surgery earlier in the year , did not start the 1983 Tour and his 22 - year - old Renault - Elf - Gitane teammate took over the role of team leader in the first Tour of his career .
After handily defeating race leader Pascal Simon by more than three minutes over the course of a short 15.6 k m time trial , Fignon grabbed the maillot jaune two days later .
He remains the youngest Tour winner in the Post - WWII era .
He repeated his victory in 1984 , defeating Hinault , who had returned to racing , but made the switch to the new La Vie Claire team with LeMond , another Renault - Elf lieutenant .
Since retiring from the sport , Fignon has played an active role in cycling , serving as the organizer of Paris - Nice , until that race was purchased in 2004 by ASO , and Paris - Corrèze .
UGR researchers Miguel Delgado , Waldo Fajardo and Miguel Molina decided to design a software programme that would enable a person who knew nothing about composition to create music .
The system they devised , using AI , is called Inmamusys , an acronym for Intelligent Multiagent Music System , and is able to compose and play music in real time .
If successful , this prototype , which has been described recently in the journal Expert Systems with Applications , looks likely to bring about great changes in terms of the intrusive and repetitive canned music played in public places .
Miguel Molina , lead author of the study , tells SINC that while the repertoire of such canned music is very limited , the new invention can be used to create a pleasant , non-repetitive musical environment for anyone who has to be within earshot throughout the day .
Everyone 's ears have suffered the effects of repetitively - played canned music , be it in workplaces , hospital environments or during phone calls made to directory inquiries numbers .
On this basis , the research team decided that it would be " very interesting to design and build an intelligent system able to generate music automatically , ensuring the correct degree of emotiveness ( in order to manage the environment created ) and originality ( guaranteeing that the tunes composed are not repeated , and are original and endless ) " .
Inmamusys has the necessary knowledge to compose emotive music through the use of AI techniques .
In designing and developing the system , the researchers worked on the abstract representation of the concepts necessary to deal with emotions and feelings .
To achieve this , Molina says , " we designed a modular system that includes , among other things , a two - level multiagent architecture " .
A survey was used to evaluate the system , with the results showing that users are able to identify the type of music composed by the computer .
A person with no musical knowledge whatsoever can use this artificial musical composer , because the user need do nothing more than decide on the type of music " .
Beneath the system 's ease of use , Miguel Molina reveals that a complex framework is at work to allow the computer to imitate a feature as human as creativity .
Aside from creativity , music also requires specific knowledge .
According to Molina , this " is usually something done by human beings , although they do not understand how they do it .
In reality , there are numerous processes involved in the creation of music and , unfortunately , we still do not understand many of them .
Others are so complex that we cannot analyse them , despite the enormous power of current computing tools .
Nowadays , thanks to the advances made in computer sciences , there are areas of research - such as artificial intelligence - that seek to reproduce human behaviour .
One of the most difficult facets of all to reproduce is creativity " .
Farewell to copyright payments
Commercial development of this prototype will not only change the way in which research is carried out into the relationship between computers and emotions , the means of interacting with music and structures by which music is composed in the future .
It will also serve , say the study 's authors , to reduce costs .
According to the researchers , " music is highly present in our leisure and working environments , and a large number of the places we visit have canned music systems .
Playing these pieces of music involves copyright payments .
Our system will make these music copyright payments a thing of the past " .
###
References :
Miguel Delgado ; Waldo Fajardo ; Miguel Molina - Solana .
" Inmamusys : Intelligent multiagent music system " .
Expert Systems with Applications .
número 36 , páginas 4574 - 4580 , 2009 .
A HERE Document syntax
The conventional HERE document operator -- ` < <` -- is not a good fit for Haskell .
It 's a perfectly legal user - level operator .
I 'd like to propose the use of backticks for HERE documents .
Examples
--------------------------------------------------------------
Double backtick would introduce an " indented HERE document " , one that would be bounded by the layout rules in the same way as `do` blocks .
Just like a `do` , the doubled backticks must be followed by whitespace .
For example : rawXML = `` < a > < b > text </ b> </a>
This is just the same as the Haskell string : " < a >
< b > text </b>
</a > "
Note that the final newline -- and any final whitespace -- is stripped .
Non-indented HERE documents are also of value ; these require a terminator as well as an initializer .
Any number of backticks greater than 2 introduces a non-indented HERE document ; the same number of backticks terminates it .
All leading whitespace up to and including the first newline is consumed ; all final whitespace is likewise consumed .
For example : usage = ```` USAGE : hello_world < name >?
Says hello , optionally to < name >.
````
This yields the Haskell string : " USAGE : hello_world < name > ?
Says hello , optionally to < name > . "
There is a natural relationship between quasi-quoting and HERE documents .
Thankfully , our rule about spaces gives us a way to integrate quasi-quoters .
import Regexen(r ) matchUTCDate = ``r` \d{4}-\d\d-\d\dT\d\d:\d\d:\d\dZ matchSource = ``r` [ a - z ] +\[ \d +\]
We use two backticks to introduce an indented HERE document and then specify the regular expression quasi-quote interpreter .
This is brief and clear and not too full of demarcating cruft ; it 's not the usual ` / [ a - z ] +\[ \d +\] / ` but it 's still pretty nice .
String Escapes & The Backslash Plague --------------------------------------------------------------
Naturally , one desires to use character escapes in HERE documents ; however , the backslash plague is a bother and we'd not like that so much , either .
Many Haskell escapes should be ignored .
The string escapes for double quote and newline are unnecessary ; likewise , we do n't need to escape backslash .
On the other hand , we can not do without character escapes for ` \BEL` , Chinese characters and so forth .
Let us adopt the rule that the 2 and 3 letter escapes are kept , as well as the hexadecimal escapes ; the " control - with - character " escapes , octal escapes , decimal escapes and all single character escapes save `\&` are ignored .
What if we want to document the escape rules of HERE documents in a HERE document ?
We have to have a way to " unescape " the escapes .
The rule proposed is odd but simple : escaping = `` There comes a time when one desires to escape a magical character such as ASCII bell ( \BEL ) .
How shall we do it ?
We insert it with \ BEL \&\\ .
\ BEL \
We can insert a string of \ BELs as long as they are terminated with with a \ .
We enter \BEL \BEL \BEL \&\\ to ding three times .
\BEL\BEL\BEL \
As long as an escape pattern does not end with a backslash , it is interpreted literally .
The empty string escape ( \& ) has an unusual power -- it is a " combo breaker " and prevents an otherwise legitimate sequence of escapes from being escaped .
How do we output the literal we used for \BEL \&\\ ?
It 's \BEL \ BS\\& \ BS\\\ .
This example rings once when the first paragraph is printed and thrice when the second is printed .
It becomes the Haskell string : unlines [ " There comes a time when one desires to escape a magical " , " character such as ASCII bell ( \ \BEL ) .
How shall we do it ? " , " We insert it with \\BEL\\. \ BEL " , " " , " We can insert a string of \ \BELs as long as they are " , " terminated with with a \\ .
We enter \ \BEL\ \BEL \ \BEL\\ to " , " ding three times .
\ BEL\BEL\BEL " , " " , " As long as an escape pattern does not end with a " , " backslash , it is interpreted literally .
The empty string " , " escape ( \\& ) has an unusual power -- it is a \ " combo " , " breaker \ " and prevents an otherwise legitimate sequence " , " of escapes from being escaped .
How do we output the " , " literal we used for \\BEL \\ ?
It 's \\BEL \ BS\\& \ BS\\\\ . " ]
This is the most sensible way that I can see to get rid of the need to escape backslashes but I grant it 's a bit burdensome .
I expect such advanced escaping to be rarely used .
HERE documents are an aid to quasi-quotation and scripting .
The syntax here proposed is simple , using only backticks in an unusual pattern , and allows for following the layout rule when that is desired .
-- Jason Dusek
She spent her 22nd birthday in prison waiting for the verdict .
Her parents and her sister , Maxine , who also works as a dive instructor but in Abu Dhabi , have been able to visit her and say she is being well treated though she says she cannot eat the food she is being served because it is " too spicy " .
A 66 - year - old US woman with advanced cancer has become the first person to die under a new assisted suicide law in Washington State .
The woman , Linda Fleming , died on Thursday night after taking drugs prescribed by her doctor .
The " Death with Dignity " law was approved by 60 % of Washington State voters in a referendum last year .
It is based on a law in neighbouring Oregon , where 400 people have chosen to die over the last 12 years .
It was very important to me to be conscious , clear - minded and alert at the time of my death
Linda Fleming
The advocacy group , Compassion and Choices of Washington , said Ms Fleming died with her family , her dog and her physician at her side .
In a statement , Ms Fleming , who lived in the town of Sequim , said : " I had only recently learned to live in the world as I had always wanted to , and now I will no longer be here .
" The pain became unbearable , and it was only going to get worse .
I am a very spiritual person , and it was very important to me to be conscious , clear - minded and alert at the time of my death . "
She was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer last month .
Under the " Death with Dignity " law , any patient seeking to die must be at least 18 , terminally ill , and live in Washington State .
In addition , the patient must be declared competent , make two spoken statements 15 days apart , and produce a written request witnessed by two people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Brendan O'Neill
It 's 200 years since the British - born " father of the American revolution " died .
His words also helped shape modern Britain and France and yet few people know much about him at all .
Remembered ... in Norfolk at least " Possibly the most influential writer in modern human history " - that 's the billing Thomas Paine got from one of his biographers .
Paine was an international bestseller long before the days of Dan Brown or Jackie Collins and is the only Brit to have been quoted in Barack Obama 's inauguration speech earlier this year .
There are statues of him in Paris and New Jersey and a monument to him in New York - though we still have n't reached a situation where , as French leader Napoleon Bonaparte said : " A statue of gold should be erected to him in every city in the universe . "
Yet no high - level commemorations of his death have been planned .
His writings rarely appear on the national curriculum in the UK .
And ask a man or woman in the average British street who he is , and they are likely to reply " Er " Just who was Thomas Paine ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Born in Thetford , Norfolk , in 1737 ( there is a statue of him there , too ) , Paine 's early adult life as a corset - maker and school teacher was largely unmarked by politics .
But it was his subsequent job as an excise officer that inspired him to pen his first political work - a 21 - page pamphlet that demanded better pay and conditions for his fellow workers .
A chance meeting with Benjamin Franklin , one of the founding fathers of the US , in London in 1774 changed Paine 's life - and , in time , American history .
Following Franklin's advice to cross the Atlantic , Paine pitched up in America in November 1774 , just as American revolutionaries were having heated debates about whether to break with Britain .
Common ( sense ) man Paine threw his lot in with those Americans who were thirsting for independence from Britain .
In January 1776 he published a short pamphlet that earned him the title The Father of the American Revolution .
Thomas Paine in 1792
Titled simply , Common Sense , the work has been described by the Pulitzer - winning historian Gordon S Wood as " the most incendiary and popular pamphlet of the entire [ American ] revolutionary period " .
It put the case for democracy , against the monarchy , and for American independence from British rule .
It became a sensation , selling 120,000 copies in the first three months .
Given that America had only two million free citizens at the time , that is the equivalent of an American author selling 15 million books in three months today .
It also altered history .
" In January 1776 , only one third of the delegates to the Continental Congress [ the political body of the American Revolution ] were in favour of declaring independence from Britain , " says Cheryl Hudson , associate fellow at the Rothermere American Institute at Oxford University .
" Then , Paine published Common Sense which argued for immediate and complete separation of the colonies from the ' mother country ' .
His visionary and uncompromising words captured the public imagination , and under pressure from the people , individual colonies began to instruct their delegates to vote for independence . "
Thomas Jefferson 's Declaration of Independence followed soon after .
Cited by Obama
Not content with intellectually spearheading the case for American independence Paine went on to write a series of pro-revolutionary pamphlets , which were later published together as The American Crisis .
After languishing in obscurity for years , he 's enjoying a renaissance - he's the Mickey Rourke of the Founders
Katherine Mangu - Ward
They were designed to lift the spirits of America 's supporters of independence in difficult times , and 200 years later were invoked by Barack Obama with a similar aim in mind .
Though this time the difficulty lay in economic recession rather than a revolutionary war .
" Let it be told to the future world ... that in the depth of winter , when nothing but hope and virtue could survive ... that the city and the country , alarmed at one common danger , came forth to meet [ it ] " , said Obama at his inauguration speech , taking his words from Paine 's Crisis No 1 .
Paine worked in various positions in America 's early revolutionary government .
But he was never accepted as one of the founding fathers largely because his restless spirit and appetite for revolution led him to another mass revolt , this time in France .
But while Paine was elected to France 's first democratic parliament and Napoleon Bonaparte numbered among his fans , his next pamphlet , The Age of Reason , was a step too far for many of his early admirers .
An attack on organised religion and a defence of " free and rational inquiry " , the work saw him subtly edged out of founding father status in the US .
When he died on 8 June 1809 in Greenwich Village , New York , there were only six mourners at his funeral .
Today , though , his legacy is enjoying a rehabilitation .
Harvey Kaye , a professor at the University of Wisconsin - Green Bay and author of Thomas Paine and the Promise of America , says Paine is " possibly the most influential writer in modern human history " .
" His words changed the world .
His voice was essentially a voice of democratic progress . "
Constant revolutionary " And he is still relevant today " , says Kaye .
" He put the case for political democracy AND social democracy , arguing in The Rights of Man that young people and the elderly should be afforded financial security by their governments .
These welfare ideals are under attack right now , in our era of recession . "
Reactions to the Rights of Man as documented on an engraving Katherine Mangu - Ward , associate editor of the right - leaning , Washington - based magazine Reason , says Paine is enjoying a comeback amongst both left - wing and right - wing American thinkers .
" Everyone wants a piece of Paine these days .
After languishing in obscurity for years , he 's enjoying a renaissance .
He 's the Mickey Rourke of the Founders .
" The left loves him because he hated the Church .
The right loves him because he 's a freedom - loving founding father . "
Cheryl Hudson of Oxford University says Paine , the history - shaping Brit , should be taught more widely in British schools : " At the centre of his thought was a profound trust in the people and in their ' common sense ' .
He encouraged the public 's aspirations for a better , more democratic world and he expressed his support in a rigorous and robust vernacular style .
" Today , political leaders on both sides of the Atlantic pay lip service to concepts like ' personal empowerment ' but Paine truly believed in the transformative power that the people could and should wield . "
Tantalising words , especially amid the current crisis in public trust of parliament .
Chad Goodwin , chair of the Thomas Paine Society , says his hero would have been " astounded that we still have a hereditary monarchy ... not to mention an unelected upper chamber " .
But this scandal unfolded in Britain 's highest elected chamber - the House of Commons .
" Paine thought just because something seemed to be working , on whose behalf was it working ?
He was a constant revolutionary , " says Mr Goodwin .
" He believed that government should n't be fixed and that it was up to every generation to say how they should be governed .
" He would have been a great supporter of the Freedom of Information Act [ under which MPs ' expenses came to be revealed ] .
He always said there is nothing mysterious about government . "
Ms Hudson says there are similarities and differences between the disillusionment with mainstream politics today and the anger about politics that drove Paine and his supporters 250 years ago : " Paine and his contemporaries were just as scathing about the venal and corrupt nature of their politicians as people are today - the difference was that they , especially Paine , had something constructive to say about the alternative to that corrupt politics . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Like so many great men and women , Tom Paine was a ' prophet without honour ' in his own country .
' Common Sense ' and ' The Rights of Man ' are blueprints for civilised government and man 's humanity to man .
Why is Cromwell - a monomaniacal mass murderer - honoured with a statue outside the Palace of Westminster ?
Tear it down and instal Tom Paine in his place .
Adrian King , London
What a great article .
I studied political thought as part of my history degree and ended up writing my dissertation on Mr Paine , and I was always surprised that whenever anyone asked me about my dissertation I would end up having to tell people that it was about the American War of Independence because no one knew who he was .
Laura , Bristol Let 's face it !
It was not a revolution , it was an English civil war in the 13 English colonies , fought by greedy landowners who would not pay there tax and wanted more land .
Thomas Paine and all the others like Washington were traitors to England and ultimately Britain .
All of them should have been put in prison or hanged for treason .
That 's why they will forever be remembered as being traitors !
If you do n't pay your tax today you get put in prison .
David Johns , Manchester
And while he was doing all that the elite of England were founding the Bullingdon Club at Oxford , in 1780 , the acme of exclusiveness , the club for the sons of great wealth that continues to shape our young lords and masters .
Victor Blease , Belfast A Brit ?
Your article has explained Paine was first and foremost a leading American .
Confused by this cultural appropriation ...
Nick Spicer , Washington DC Thomas Paine was a traitor to his country .
It does n't matter if what he said was right or wrong or we look back on as profound , his meddling in colonial affairs were catastrophic .
Supporting a French dictator and American rebels ?
His descendants should hang their heads in shame .
Lucian Whippe , Cambridge Fascinating , never heard of him before .
Such as shame we were n't taught about him at school , even bigger shame is that there is no one like around today to inspire us .
Suki , Coventry Hardly ignored .
He was as loved and reviled as Wilkes and just as much a thorn in the flesh of the establishment .
I have given four books to each of my three sons ; ' The Rights of Man ' and ' Age of Reason ' , by Paine , ' The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists ' , by Tressel and ' The Condition of the Working Class in England ' , by Engels .
I have read then all of my life and feel sickened that they have more resonance and relevance today than when I was my children 's ages .
Ian Patchett , Beverley Thomas Paine is over - rated as a political thinker whose main asset was a smart turn of phrase , akin to a tabloid editorial writer today .
As a serial revolutionary who was always preaching change , he was bound to be right at some point and his calls during the American Revolution were right for that moment .
He was though comprehensively out thought and out argued over the French Revolution by Edmund Burke , " Reflections on the Revolution in France " ( 1790 ) .
Paine had sought to legitimise the French Revolution by quoting the en vogue justifier " the Rights of Man " .
Burke demonstrated that such unrestricted orgies of destruction destroyed more liberty than they created , throwing out the good with the bad and led inexorably towards violence and dictatorship , for which the French suffered for many decades to come .
Burke is the true political visionary who should be lauded as having , in many ways , saved Britain from Paine 's foolishness .
Ken Terry , London , England
Thank you for making Thomas Paine 's contribution to the founding of the U.S. ( as well as the French Revolution ) more widely known .
Many educated persons , who can tell you all about Ben Franklin and George Washington , know little or nothing about the man and his writings , and have never heard of Thetford or even Norfolk ( U.K. not Virginia ) !
Stephen Knowles , Nassau , Bahamas
A man who encouraged ordinary people to think critically about the way they were governed and by whom ; to expect fairness of treatment and freedom from exploitation ; and to question imposed , arbitrary authority whether by church or state .
I cannot think why our political masters do n't want Paine 's work to be studied in schools !
Richard Towers , Sheffield , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kingsbury Buddhist Temple in London once again attacked by Walter Jayawardhana , Sinhalaya News , May 13 , 2009 London , UK -- Suspected members of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) in London during the small hours of May 13 attacked Kingsbury Sri Saddhatissa International Buddhist Center in London and smashed up seven windows .
Venerable Wanduramba kassapa , an eyewitness at the crime scene said , “ About seven males used half pieces of bricks one of them carried to the temple premises in a sack to smash up the down stairs and upstairs window panes using them as missiles . ”
Venerable Kassapa said this is the eighth attack on the temple by London ’s LTTE members .
Venerable Kassapa said through the CCTV cameras he first saw two young men coming near the temple .
It was 3.15 in the morning .
One of them went to the park and probably used a cell phone .
Then about five others came and joined them .
Venerable Kassapa suspecting something foul pushed the panic alarm connected to the police .
But all of a sudden they started attacking the window panes of the building using half pieces of bricks as missiles .
But after four minutes later when the police arrived all attackers , had disappeared and pieces of glass and 15 half pieces of red bricks were strewn all over the place .
The same gang is suspected to have removed one of the CCTV cameras few days before the crime .
The Metropolitan Police is investigating .
Smashing up windows is the newest violent form of protest practiced by the LTTE .
During the last few weeks LTTE members smashed up windows of the Chinese embassy , and the High Commission offices of India and Sri Lanka .
It is not clear how fully the public understands the complexities of the government plan proposal , and the poll results indicate that those who said they were following the debate were somewhat less supportive .
But they clearly indicate growing confidence in the government ’s ability to manage health care .
Half of those questioned said they thought government would be better at providing medical coverage than private insurers , up from 30 percent in polls conducted in 2007 .
Nearly 60 percent said Washington would have more success in holding down costs , up from 47 percent .
Sixty - four percent said they thought the federal government should guarantee coverage , a figure that has stayed steady all decade .
Nearly 6 in 10 said they would be willing to pay higher taxes to make sure that all were insured , with 4 in 10 willing to pay as much as $ 500 more a year .
And a plurality , 48 percent , said they supported a requirement that all Americans have health insurance so long as public subsidies were offered to those who could not afford it .
Thirty - eight percent said they were opposed .
In a follow - up interview , Matt Flurkey , 56 , a public plan supporter from Plymouth , Minn. , said he could accept that the quality of his care might diminish if coverage was universal .
“ Even though it might not be quite as good as what we get now , ” he said , “ I think the government should run health care .
Far too many people are being denied now , and costs would be lower . ”
While the survey results depict a nation desperate for change , it also reveals a deep wariness of the possible consequences .
Half to two - thirds of respondents said they worried that if the government guaranteed health coverage , they would see declines in the quality of their own care and in their ability to choose doctors and get needed treatment .
“ It is the responsibility of the government to guarantee insurance for all , ” said Juanita Lomaz , a 65 - year - old office worker from Bakersfield , Calif .
“ But my care will get worse because they ’ll have to limit care in order to cover everyone . ”
Five days ago , the Appfrica tech blog reported an Internet blackout in Benin , a West African country roughly the size of Ohio .
The outage , which also affected neighboring Togo , Niger and Nigeria , was caused by damage to the SAT - 3 submarine communications cable , which links Portugal and Spain to South Africa via the West African coastline .
A member of the suicide squad called Al - Midhar 's father - in - law from Kenya and said " Tell them that I have n't started the journey " .
The attacker lost his courage seconds before the attack and jumped out of the car which contained the bomb .
Shortly thereafter the FBI agents recorded another call .
This time it was from a satellite telephone assigned to Osama bin Laden .
The intelligence on the bin Laden call is somewhat shaky .
During the 2001 trial of African Embassy bombing suspects , the prosecutor did n't allege that the conversation was recorded .
But he did provide evidence that bin Laden 's satellite phone was used to call both the phone in Yemen and the phone in Azerbaijan .
Four hours later -- shortly before the bombs went off -- Karas said a call was placed to the same telephone number in Baku from a satellite phone in Afghanistan used by bin Laden and other leaders of al Qaeda , or " the Base , " bin Laden 's alleged network of Islamic extremists .
Records of calls from that satellite telephone also link al Qaeda 's leaders to an outpost in Yemen .
And the Yemeni phone , in turn , had received frequent calls from residences in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi , where the embassy bombs were built , Karas explained , establishing an indirect link between the " bomb factories " and bin Laden .
But Karas 's ability to connect bin Laden to the embassy bombings remained indirect and circumstantial , in sharp contrast to forensic and documentary evidence linking three of the four defendants to the bomb plots .
Indeed , after three months of testimony , the only direct statements attributed by the government to bin Laden come from press interviews and " fatwahs , " or religious edicts , he has issued calling on Muslims to drive U.S. troops out of Saudi Arabia and to kill American soldiers and civilians around the world .
While prosecutors cited records of telephone numbers in Azerbaijan , Britain and Yemen that were called from al Qaeda 's satellite telephone , the government introduced no evidence that any conversations on that phone -- whether involving bin Laden or other leaders -- were intercepted .
They may have had concerns about sources and methods that prevented them from introducing transcripts of the calls .
Regardless , they obtained convictions without introducing any such evidence .
The keys were that one of the Kenyan bombers had called the number in Yemen to tell them he had chickened out on the suicide element of the plan .
That Yemeni number tracked to both the number in Baku and to bin Laden 's satellite phone .
Even without hearing the contents of all the conversations , that is a very strong connection .
Needless to say , the Yemeni phone - line remained under careful surveillance .
And it was on that phone - line that the NSA / CIA learned about the time ( January 2000 ) and place for a meeting of al - Qaeda members in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The CIA contacted Malaysian Intelligence and had them photograph the comings and goings at the home of a man named Yazid Sufoot .
The five people who attended are now known to be Khalid al - Midhar and Nawaf al - Hazmi ( the San Diego hijackers ) , Ramzi Binalshibh ( the Hamburg cell logistics man ) , an Indonesian named Hambali , and a one - legged associate of bin-Laden named Tawfiq bin Attash .
Later in 2000 , al - Qaeda would strike the USS Cole in the port of Aden , Yemen , killing seventeen American sailors and putting the ship out of commission for many years .
It is thought that the planning for this attack was discussed at the meeting in Kuala Lumpur and that Tawfiq bin Attash was the ringleader of the operation .
Meanwhile , al - Midhar and al - Hazmi left Malaysia for Bangkok ( where the CIA was too late arriving at the airport to meet them ) and then slipped into the United States at LAX , before living openly in San Diego .
They died in the Pentagon crash .
Hambali , Binalshibh , and bin Attash are all in custody in Guantanamo Bay after spending years in the CIA 's dark prisons overseas .
So , this is the heart of the case that implicates bin Laden in the 9/11 attacks and connects the 9/11 attacks to the USS Cole bombing and the African Embassy bombings .
It is hard to imagine that we are lacking evidence to prosecute any of the living attendees of the meeting in Kuala Lumpur .
But , that is what is being reported in today 's Washington Post in an article about the Obama administration considering a form of indefinite detention for some of the Gitmo detainees .
Tawfiq bin Attash , who is accused of involvement in the bombing of the USS Cole in 2000 and who was held at a secret CIA prison , could be among those subject to long - term detention , according to one senior official .
Little information on bin Attash 's case has been made public , but officials who have reviewed his file said the Justice Department has concluded that none of the three witnesses against him can be brought to testify in court .
One witness , who was jailed in Yemen , escaped several years ago .
A second witness remains incarcerated , but the government of Yemen will not allow him to testify .
Administration officials believe that testimony from the only witness in U.S. custody , Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , may be inadmissible because he was subjected to harsh interrogation while in CIA custody .
First of all , why can't Ramzi Binalshibh and Hambali testify against him , since they both attended the Kuala Lumpur meeting with bin Attash ?
And what about bin Attash 's own words , as reported by CNN in 2006 ?
During a 2000 visit to Malaysia , " [ Zacarias ]
Moussaoui managed to annoy everyone he came into contact with , " Hambali said .
" Moussaoui was constantly suggesting operations the rest of them thought were ridiculous . "
Tawfiq Bin Atash , a senior al Qaeda operative considered the mastermind of the USS Cole bombing in 2000 , also assisted the 9/11 plot .
He said Moussaoui called him every day on a phone al Qaeda reserved for emergencies .
As a result , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed told him to break contact with Moussaoui .
Or , consider this , from the 9/11 Report :
In addition to staging actual terrorist attacks in partnership with al Qaeda , Hambali and JI assisted al Qaeda operatives passing through Kuala Lumpur .
One important occasion was in December 1999 – January 2000 .
Hambali accommodated KSM ’s requests to help several veterans whom KSM had just finished training in Karachi .
They included Tawfiq bin Attash , also known as Khallad , who later would help bomb the USS Cole , and future 9/11 hijackers Nawaf al Hazmi and Khalid al Mihdhar .
Hambali arranged lodging for them
and helped them purchase airline tickets for their onward travel .
Later that year , Hambali and his crew would provide accommodations and other assistance ( including information on flight schools and help in acquiring ammonium nitrate ) for Zacarias Moussaoui , an al Qaeda operative sent to Malaysia by Atef and KSM .
Now , how is it possible that the government cannot call Hambali and / or Binalshibh to the stand to testify that they attended the meeting in Kuala Lumpur with bin Attash and the two San Diego hijackers ?
Does that make sense ?
We already have photographs of the meeting .
We can presumably prove beyond a reasonable doubt that a one - legged man named bin Attash attended the meeting .
And the other two can confirm it .
Perhaps it would be harder to convict this man of masterminding the USS Cole bombing without access to witnesses or with evidence tainted by torture , but we supposedly have rock - solid evidence that he was at the Kuala Lumpur meeting , plus we have intercepts about the meeting , and it should be easy to prove that he was an important member of al - Qaeda .
If it is n't easy to prove , then there are some really big problems with the 9/11 Report and the story we 've been fed over the last eight years .
How could you possibly screw up this guy 's case so badly that we cannot prosecute him ?
Ali Soufan , the former FBI interrogator who wrote a riveting op - ed against the use of torture -- and he should know , since he was interrogating Abu Zubaydah himself -- testified under oath today that he got information out of Zubaydah quickly using basic FBI methods ; and that information was then used successfully to capture " the bad guys . "
Then , when the CIA forced torture on Zubaydah , they got nothing .
It knocks down Liz and Dick Cheney 's talking points all to hell .
They have been saying that waterboarding uncovered crucial information , but Soufan refutes that as well .
David Shuster goes over his testimony and it's incredible .
Soufan also got more information by using his own techniques later on and was thrown off the interrogation detail for his success .
The high wizards of BushCo. wanted to torture these people , and we know why : See " Abusive tactics used to seek Iraq - al Qaida link " for more .
Soufan said torture is too slow and unreliable , as evidenced by the 83 times Zubaydah was waterboarded .
Soufan :
It 's merely an exercise in trying to force compliance rather than elicit cooperation .
A major problem is that it is ineffective .
Waterboarding itself had to be used 83 times , an indication that Abu- Zubayda had already called his interrogators ' bluff .
The Atlantic made my job a little easier :
The Senate Judiciary Committee hears testimony from former lead FBI counterterrorism agent Ali Soufan .
Soufan calls " enhanced interrogation techniques " " ineffective , slow , unreliable " and therefore harmful , " aside from the important considerations that they are un-American and harmful to our case and reputation . "
Soufan describes the successful non-coercive interrogation of Al Qaeda terrorist Abu Jandal , who " identified many terrorists who we later successfully apprehended . "
Soufan describes an interrogation method he calls the " Informed Interrogation Approach , " which seeks to capitalize on the natural fear that a detainee feels as a result of his custody by adopting a posture of openness and respect .
Soufan presents an interesting challenge to the Ticking Time Bomb Scenario .
Noting that it took 83 waterboardings to force Khalid Shake Mohammed to cough up information , he describes that technique as " slow " and therefore unreliable when information needs to be obtained quickly .
Soufan also provides an unclassified chronology of the joint FBI - CIA efforts to question Abu Zubaydah .
He says that his early efforts to coax information out of the Al Qaeda operate were successful , and CIA director George Tenet prepared a congratulatory telegram .
As soon as Tenet learned that FBI agents -- not his CIA team -- had taken the lead role in the interrogation , he withdrew the congratulations and sent a team from the CIA 's counterterrorism center to the interrogation site .
That team was assisted by a contractor who " instructed " the new CIA operatives in tougher interrogation techniques .
According to Soufan , the new team began to use the EITs .
Zubaydah stopped cooperating .
Soon , the FBI was brought back in .
Zubaydah opened up like a book .
The attacks will start to flow in against Soufan , as you 'll see in the above video .
Joe Watkins says that while he had success , he 's also a " disgruntled employee . "
Shuster :... flatly contradicts the allegations that many conservatives and Vice President Cheney have made , that waterboarding produced significant information .
Your reaction ?
Watkins : Ali Soufan is certainly somebody who had experience and had some success with using his own interrogation methods , but you have to realize that he 's a disgruntled former employee of the FBI .
He did not agree with waterboarding and other means of ...
Shuster :
But that does not change the accuracy of his statements .
He 's testifying under oath that the information that we got from Abu - Zubayda came from him and not from waterboarding .
Is n't that significant ?
Watkins :
It 's significant for him ...
Our pal James Boyce comes on and refutes Watkins ' hollow rationalizations .
WASHINGTON , June 28 ( UPI ) -- Former U.S. first lady Laura Bush says the international community must unite to pressure Myanmar to put an end to human rights abuses .
Writing Sunday in an opinions piece for The Washington Post , Bush said the courage of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi in standing up to country 's regime despite years of house arrest is a " continued example of civil courage . "
Advertisement
" Leaders from around the world -- including the United States -- have called forcefully for the junta to release Aung San Suu Kyi and the 2,100 other political prisoners it is holding , " she wrote , " but the world must do more than express concern . "
The former first lady said the United Nations Security Council should refer leaders of Myanmar , formerly known as Burma , to the International Criminal Court for war crimes as it did Sudan for the alleged genocide in Darfur .
" With U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon planning to visit Burma this summer , it is crucial that he press the regime to take immediate steps to end human rights abuses , particularly in ethnic minority areas , " Bush wrote .
" There have been 38 U.N. resolutions condemning these abuses , yet the horrors continue unabated . "
Some will find it shocking , macabre , echoing the worst allegations of Nazi atrocities .
An American artist has spent the past 20 years making sculptures out of human skin , and is to exhibit his work in public in the UK for the first time later this year .
Welcome to the world of Andrew Krasnow , who has tackled one of the great taboos in art .
Günther von Hagens may have caused controversy with his Body Worlds exhibition of human corpses , but Krasnow goes a step further .
His works include human skin lampshades – a direct response to the belief that similar items made from the skin of Holocaust victims were found at Buchenwald concentration camp .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Using skins from white men who donated their bodies to medical science , he has created freak versions of mundane items including flags , boots and maps of America – in effect using skin like leather .
His work , he says , is a commentary on human cruelty and America 's ethics and morality .
The exhibition in London in July will include a new sculpture made out of the final piece of skin Krasnow obtained in a job lot 20 years ago – a defaced $ 10 bill , in keeping with his questioning of US values .
It has been made especially for the GV Art gallery , which will host the exhibition .
Not surprisingly , the work attracts controversy .
The only time it has been shown before in Britain , late last year , it was by appointment only .
Now the gallery has been licensed by the UK's Human Tissue Authority to display a complete exhibition .
Krasnow 's human - skin American flags were created just before the first Gulf War for the Contemporary Arts Center in Cincinnati , although they were never displayed after Republican politicians Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich denounced his work .
" The objective was to express my concerns about the war and that it would not be conducted in a way that was moral and ethical , " he said .
" Since that question was n't permitted in a museum , the work became more complex , with all the inherent contradictions of what it means to be an American or , for that matter , to be human . "
Gallery owner Robert Devcic said Krasnow uses only white skin because much of the suffering in the Americas has been caused by white people .
" He uses skin to make the point that suffering is universal , " he said .
" It is tanned using the same process that you 'd use for an animal skin . "
Martin Kemp , emeritus professor of art history at Oxford University , said Krasnow was not trying to be sensationalist .
" He has not overtly pushed the sense of spectacle or sensation , unlike , say , Damien Hirst , " he said .
" He is working with deep and disturbing resonances .
As an artist , he is pretty much out there on his own . "
Rob Ullman is an illustrator who enjoys creating some very sexy pictures .
He is also a huge fan of hockey and the Pittsburgh Penguins .
So naturally the two passions are married together in much of his art .
He created the image to the right before the Stanley Cup Finals last season .
Obviously that series did n’t turn out how he had hoped .
This year Rob was a bit less cocky with his artwork .
However it is certainly obvious by looking at his work where his affiliations lie .
That does n’t stop him from creating some excellent work for other teams though .
Rob is about to release his latest book of illustrations , entitled Atom - Bomb Bikini , which features 64 hardcover , full - color pages of art .
Check out the full gallery of his Hockey illustrations below , and more of his work on his site .
[ HT ] The Bachelor Guy
Mutations on a gene associated with neural activity may make people more likely to join gangs ( Image : Neil Marriott / Getty )
It ’s not nearly as overt as a hand sign or a coloured bandana , but DNA may offer one clue as to whether someone belongs to a gang or not .
Males with a particular form of gene called MAOA are twice as likely to join a gang , compared to those with other forms , finds a new study of more than 2000 US teens .
What ’s more , gang members with these mutations are far more likely to use a weapon than other members .
“ For the most part , people have n’t really thought of the biological or genetic underpinnings to gang membership , says Kevin Beaver , a biosocial criminologist at Florida State University in Tallahassee , who led the study .
Advertisement
The relatively common mutations result in reduced levels of a protein , called monoamine oxidase A , which recycles several of the chemicals that foster neuron connections .
Low MAOA activity has been linked previously to antisocial behaviour in people who experienced child abuse .
While two brain regions involved in perceiving and controlling emotions are shrunken in people with no history of criminality or abuse who have the mutation .
Predicting violence
To determine whether an environment besides an abusive childhood could elicit MAOA ‘s connection to violence , Beaver ’s team looked at the genotypes of 1155 females and 1041 males who participated in a long - term study of adolescent health that covered the period 1994 to 2002 .
During two rounds of interviews , participants indicated whether they had been in a gang in the past year and whether they had ever used a weapon in a fight .
Overall , 42 per cent of males possessed the low activity form of MAOA , and about 5 per cent of all males said they had joined a gang .
However males with the low activity form were twice as likely to join a gang as those with the high activity form .
Similarly , males with the low activity form were about twice as likely to have used a weapon as other teens .
While male gang members with the same mutations were four times as likely as other members to wield a weapon .
“ This gene is predicting gang membership , but it ’s really predicting it for the very violent gang members , ” Beaver says .
Caution needed
Nonetheless , he cautions against over - interpreting his team ’s results .
“ It does n’t mean that everyone with this particular allele is going to be violent and is going to become a gang member – or vice versa , ” he says .
Rather , in communities where gangs are common , people with low MAOA activity could be slightly more likely to join a gang than others , Beaver says .
However , given the high prevalence of these mutations and low rates of gang membership , genetic counselling to identify youth at an increased risk of joining gangs would be unfeasible .
“ We ’re not going to change someone ’s DNA , but we can alter the environment which would , in turn , blunt that genetic effect , ” Beaver adds .
Journal reference : Comprehensive Psychiatry ( DOI : 10.1016/j.comppsych.2009.03.010 )
With burglaries and accidents on the rise , your lovely car is always at a risk .
You will not want to bear the brunt of expensive car repairs or lose all your money that you had invested in your car if your car gets stolen .
Steer through of these risks with car insurance from CarInsuranceQuotes.com .
Of course , there are numerous car insurance providers in the present day scenario .
However , carinsurancequotes.com gains an edge over all of them by offering you cheap car insurance .
You will not find the kind of car insurance rates offered by CarInsuranceQuotes.com anywhere else .
Cost effectiveness is the word that best describes car insurance policies from the company .
Unlike most insurance providers that charge you a hefty sum and have nothing to offer in return , insurance policies from CarInsuranceQuotes.com are going to be worth the money spent .
The company puts together some of the best insurance providers in the business .
This means that you get the cheapest and the most efficient insurance for your lovely vehicle without facing the hassle of looking for an appropriate insurance provider .
With some of the best insurance providers at our aid , we ensure that we offer you the best deal in the business .
All you need to do is just move your mouse a little and within the click of a button you will be entitled to the absolute car insurance policy .
Within less than five minutes you will be able to get the best of car insurance quotes right on your computer screen .
Yes , CarInsuranceQuotes.com offers you cheap insurance services .
But mind you these services are cheap only in terms of cost .
The quality remains high and un-compromised .
You would be acting plain stupid if you still look for a car insurance policy from elsewhere .
Log on to CarInsuranceQuotes.com and get started to find the best car insurance policy for yourself .
The abortion rights debate looks different for people old enough to remember the days of back alley abortions .
Case in point : the other day my my father brought up American politics , since he ’s knows it ’s my job to follow it ( and since we do n’t much agree on Canadian politics . )
He ’s a conservative guy , votes for the Conservative party routinely , likes to call himself “ the last Victorian ” though he really is n’t .
Still , he ’s no liberal and he ’s pushing 80 .
I filled him in on Sarah Palin , in particular , and mentioned she was against all abortion except if the mother ’s life is at risk .
His voice turned incredulous and he said , “ Do n’t people remember what it was like when abortion was illegal ?
Women with coathangers up their …. ”
His voice trailed off .
After a few moments he continued again , now angry .
“ How can these people be so stupid ?
Do n’t they know what it was like ?
All the women who died ? ”
All I could really say was this : “ People do n’t learn from other people ’s mistakes .
Only their own .
The generation that remembers what it was like , your generation , is mostly gone .
The younger folks , they do n’t remember , they do n’t know .
They do n’t understand how bad it was , how many women died , how horrible it was .
They were n’t there , and for some reason they wo n’t listen to those few who were .
Those who remember .
Those who know . ”
The thing that saddens me the most about humanity , that worries me the most , is this shocking inability to understand anything unless they ’ve experienced it themself .
Wisdom is learning from other people ’s mistakes .
It seems like every good thing that was done by older generations is being undone , step by step , by fools who were n’t there , do n’t remember , and ca n’t learn .
They stripped the protections meant to stop mass bank failures and a new depression and they keep trying to make sure that women will die in droves by getting rid of the right to safe , legal abortion .
So no , Dad , they do n’t remember .
If people like Palin and McCain have their way , the horrors you remember from your youth will start happening again .
The battles your generation fought , the victories you handed to us , your children and grandchildren , we will squander and have to earn yet again .
And if we do fail to hold onto what you gave us , a lot of women will die because of our stupidity .
( Originally posted Sept. 15th , 2008 .
It seems worth re-posting today . )
' Do n't wear anything that says AIG on it ' :
Under - fire insurer gives employees security tips as fury over bonuses grows
Lawmakers approve legislation that could see bonus payouts taxed by 90 per cent
American International Group has sent a secret memo to employees giving them security tips as fury grows in the U.S. over millions paid out in bonuses at the bailed - out insurer .
Employees were warned not to wear any clothing with the AIG logo , to travel in pairs and park in well - lit places , and to phone security if they notice anyone ' spending an inordinate amount of time near an AIG facility ' .
The memo was leaked to American website Gawker.com .
A spokesman for the company has confirmed it is legitimate .
A company spokesperson has confirmed that this leaked memo offering security tips to AIG employees is legitimate
It was dated Wednesday , March 18 - the morning after comedian Stephen Colbert called for an angry mob armed with pitchforks to attack AIG bosses on his satirical Comedy Central show .
AIG employees have received death threats and security staff at AIG offices have been increased in recent days as the fury over the bonuses grows .
Now labour groups are planning bus tours of AIG executives ' homes , the New York Times has reported .
The Connecticut Working Families party , which has support from organised labor , is planning a bus tour of the homes on Saturday , with a stop at the company ’s Wilton office .
' We ’re going to be peaceful and lawful in everything we do , ' Jon Green , the director of Connecticut Working Families , told the New York Times .
Anger : AIG boss Edward Liddy faces protestsors before testifying to Congress
' I know there ’s a lot of anger and a lot of rage about what ’s happened .
We ’re not looking to foment that unnecessarily , but what we want to do is give folks in Bridgeport and Hartford and other parts of Connecticut who are struggling and losing their homes and their jobs and their health insurance an opportunity to see what kinds of lifestyle billions of dollars in credit - default swaps can buy . '
Last night lawmakers approved legislation that could see the multi-million pound bonus payouts at the failed insurer taxed by a staggering 90 per cent .
President Barack Obama had described the payments as an ‘ outrage ’ and yesterday the House of Representatives approved legislation that could recoup most of the $ 165 million paid to American International Group Inc employees .
The bonuses became a scandal after the insurers received a government bailout of $ 180 billion .
' Let 's go get AIG ! ' : Stephen Colbert called for an angry pitchfork - wielding mob to attack AIG bosses on his Comedy Central show earlier this week
Yesterday lawmakers voted 328-93 for a bill to impose a 90 per cent tax on bonuses for executives whose incomes exceed $ 250,000 .
The tax would apply to executives of any company that received at least $ 5 billion ( £ 3.4 million ) in government bailout money .
House speaker Nancy Pelosi said : ‘ We want our money back and we want our money back now for the taxpayers . ’
In all , 243 Democrats and 85 Republicans supported the bill .
It was opposed by six Democrats and 87 Republicans .
Earlier this week , President Obama said AIG ’s financial woes were the result of ‘ recklessness and greed ’ .
The bonuses relate to payments promised to about 415 employees , most of whom worked at the firm ’s financial products division .
The ‘ loyalty rewards ’ were agreed before AIG was forced to go cap in hand to the government last year .
The government bailed out the insurer amid concerns that allowing its collapse could have far - reaching consequences and deeply worsen the global economic downturn .
The proposed legislation will move on to the Senate .
AIG boss Edward Liddy revealed this week that he has appealed to his staff to ‘ do the right thing ’ and voluntarily give back their bonuses .
Have you heard that the United States is headed toward socialism ?
Jonah Goldberg says it is .
Alabama Senator Richard Shelby says it is .
Phyllis Schlafly says it is .
Richard Viguerie says it is .
The Republican National Committee says it is .
We must be getting pretty close .
How close ?
This is what socialism looks like :
The hot - pink portion of this pie chart is the percentage of listed American business assets that have recently been nationalized by the American government ( ie , General Motors ) .
Obama 's version of socialism is so sneaky you can hardly see it !
( And there is some reason to think this actually overstates the portion of the corporate landscape that 's been nationalized , but more on that at the end of the post . *)
If it were , 99.79 % of the American corporate assets that existed at the start of the Obama administration would not remain in private hands .
The differences of degree are so small that they are n't worth mentioning .
And yet , somehow , they keep getting mentioned .
Update : A couple of commenters have asked for a different chart , so I 've posted
Update 2 : For something that resembles socialism more closely , you might check out Sarah Palin's
---
*( I 'm using asset information from the US flow of funds account .
This chart is basically an updated and modified version of one I did for the business site , using slightly different data and a slightly different metric .
There were some very thoughtful criticisms of that chart , so I decided to make a new one using asset information .
That said , this measure is n't perfect .
I 'm excluding a lot of assets -- households , farms , the financial sector -- in part because there 's no precise data ( see here for more ) and in part because I want to avoid the same assets being counted twice .
And I do n't include liabilities .
Please let me know of other methodological suggestions in the comments section . )
There is a serious discussion to be had here , and I think Jon Henke is having it : Socialism , like farenheit , comes in degrees .
Sure , a government that nationalizes GM is " more socialist " than one that does not , even if it does n't mean we 're living " under socialism . "
But differences of degree should n't obscure differences of kind , and as Tim Fernholz says , " it 's clear that putting the government in charge of private production is not the Obama administration 's guiding philosophy .
"
If it were , 99.79 % of the American corporate assets that existed at the start of the Obama administration would not remain in private hands .
The differences of degree are so small that they are n't worth mentioning .
And yet , somehow , they keep getting mentioned .
A couple of commenters have asked for a different chart , so I 've posted another item on this here :
For something that resembles socialism more closely , you might check out Sarah Palin 's state of Alaska ---
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NSA Revelations Spark Push to Restore FISA
Created : April 16 , 2009 16:03 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Former President George W. Bush ( WDCpix )
In 2007 and 2008 , as the Democratic - led Congress and the Bush administration collaborated in rewriting several elements of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , civil libertarians in and outside of Congress warned that the changes would institutionalize wide - ranging surveillance by the National Security Agency on U.S. citizens .
In the wake of the revelations that the NSA “ overcollected ” domestic communications even beyond the boundaries of the 2008 FISA Amendments
Act , many are claiming vindication — and vowing to lead an effort , once thought to be a longshot , to restore old FISA protections .
“ It was a classic I - told - you - so moment , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , the Washington director of the ACLU .
“ So many protections in FISA were dismantled by the FISA Amendments Act .
We predicted this would happen . ”
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
The New York Times reported Wednesday night that the NSA acknowledged to Congress that it had engaged what it called an “ overcollection ” of communications — which the paper called “ significant and systemic ” — belonging to U.S. citizens without connection to terrorism .
The Justice Department said in a statement that it had taken “ comprehensive steps to correct the situation and bring the program into compliance ” with the law , but did not specify how the law was broken ; what measures were necessary to return the surveillance program to legality ; nor what safeguards it enacted to prevent what the NSA is calling unintentional “ overcollection ” of domestic communications in the future .
Attorney General Eric Holder has reauthorized the NSA surveillance program , the paper reported .
Civil liberties groups are currently reviewing their options for rolling back changes to the FISA law undertaken last year that established what they say is a permissive legal framework for the disclosed abuse , and they see the new administration as an ally , even despite recent policy decisions that have disappointed civil libertarians .
“ I do n’t know if I ’ve seen anything that would lead me to think Holder is unwilling to revisit the rules , ” Fredrickson said .
After The New York Times disclosed in 2005 that the Bush administration ordered the NSA to engage in warrantless surveillance of communications that included the phone calls and emails of U.S. citizens as part of its response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks , the administration and Congress in 2007 sought to change the standards for seeking a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court established by the FISA law of 1978 .
Several rounds of heated negotiations led to the emergence and passage , in July 2008 , of a bill that allowed the NSA to seek a generalized warrant from the court to allow surveillance on intelligence “ targets ” as long as the agency “ reasonably ” believed one party to a communication to be outside the United States at the time of surveillance .
It did not require the agency to submit to the court a finding of individualized suspicion indicating that a specific surveillance target was reasonably believed to pose a threat to national security .
The law established a biannual review process , conducted jointly by the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence , to ensure that the process fell within those loosened restrictions , which civil libertarians warned were ripe for abuse .
Then - Sen. Barack Obama voted for the bill .
“ We were right , ” said Kate Martin , director of the Center for National Security Studies , one of the principal groups pushing against the FISA Amendments
Act ’s abandonment of individualized suspicion .
In passing the FISA Amendments Act last year , she said , then - President Bush and then - Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell “ refused to explain or even mention what kinds of powers they really gave the NSA , in particular with regard to call and email record data .
We continually tried to say , ‘ hey , this authorizes a massive collection of meta - data ” — a term referring to non-substantive information about the origin of communications , such as the Internet Protocol addresses from which emails originate , but not the substance of a communication — “ with no safeguards on Americans . ’ ”
By contrast , during the 2008 debate over the FISA Amendments Act , Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) said that civil libertarian concerns about excessive domestic surveillance “ only feeds the delusions of those who wear tinfoil hats around the house and think that 9/11 was an inside job . ”
The reaction to the news of the NSA “ overcollection ” prompted quick congressional outcry and promises to revisit the 2008 law , something that for the past year civil libertarians have acknowledged was an uphill battle .
On Thursday morning , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , the chairwoman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , vowed an investigation of the extralegal NSA surveillance .
Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - Wisc. ) , a key congressional ally of civil libertarians and a member of both the Senate ’s intelligence and judiciary communities , said that “ Congress must get to work fixing these laws that have eroded the privacy and civil liberties of law - abiding citizens . ”
The ACLU , which sued the government in July 2008 to challenge the constitutionality of the FISA Amendments
Act , reiterated its call for a special congressional committee to investigate Bush - era intelligence abuses .
Fredrickson said the organization would pressure Congress to revisit the law alongside a scheduled review of the Patriot Act , which has provisions set to expire this year .
Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , the Democratic Senate leader , voted against the FISA Amendments Act , and said last year that the 2009 Patriot Act reauthorization debate “ may provide a suitable occasion to review the related issues in this FISA bill . ”
Fredrickson said she hoped Reid would hold to his statement “ now we that we know the [ FISA Amendments Act ] dismantled civil liberties protections , ” but she added that without a thorough congressional review of the scope of illegal surveillance , Congress would “ keep nitpicking and not get at the real problem , which is a set of incoherent and unspecific provisions that give law enforcement and the National Security Agency access to information ” on Americans ’ communication without adequate safeguards .
Reid ’s office did not return requests for comment .
Martin added that a necessary first step was to get the Holder Justice Department to specify what powers it believes the FISA Amendments
Act gives it .
“ Before you even get to the question of what they ’re doing , it ’s the most fundamental tenet of democracy that the people are entitled to know what the law is — what powers the government has to collect information on their private communications , ” she said .
The New York Times ’ story “ demonstrates there ’s some secret internal back - and - forth involving , at least , the Justice Department , the NSA and the FISA Court , and maybe Congress , about what powers they have or do n’t have .
It ’s as undemocratic as can be .
We need to be a part of that debate . ”
While the Holder Justice Department has taken several positions that have angered civil libertarians , including the invocation of the “ state secrets ” privilege to urge a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit brought by AT&T customers who believe they were illegally surveilled , it includes several key officials who have expressed alarm over wideranging surveillance during the Bush administration .
David Kris , a former general counsel to Time - Warner , wrote an extensive memo in January 2006 claiming the foundations for the Bush administration ’s warrantless surveillance programs — programs that spurred and formed the basis for the FISA Amendments
Act — were seriously flawed .
Kris is now in charge of the Justice Department ’s national security division .
His analysis was called a “ thorough debunking ” by Marty Lederman , now the deputy chief of the department ’s Office of Legal Counsel .
Staffers for Feingold referenced an exchange between Feingold and Kris at Kris’ February 25 confirmation hearing , in which Feingold obliquely referred to “ specific concerns I have about how the FISA Amendments
Act has been implemented . ”
Kris replied that “ You increased my desire to , if I were to be confirmed , to get to the bottom of the FISA Amendments Act … to see how best to make any necessary improvements . ”
“ We want the law revisited , ” Martin said , “ but we only want it revisited when there ’s been sufficient public disclosure to have meaningful debate .
That will include meaningful public disclosure about the past programs . ”
Carlos Araya used to order lobster , filet mignon and $ 200 bottles of red wine at the Palm Restaurant in midtown Manhattan .
Now , he seats customers at its Tribeca branch .
Mr. Araya , 38 years old , lost his job in 2007 as a crude oil trader on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
After visiting dozens of headhunters with no luck , he applied in August 2008 to be a host at the Palm to support his wife , two young daughters and mortgage payments .
His salary has plunged from $ 200,000 to $ 25,000 .
In Carlos Araya 's new job as a host at New York City 's Palm Restaurant , he sometimes seats colleagues from his former life on Wall Street .
Matthew Craig / MJR for The Wall Street Journal
If the financial crisis was the flood , then the Arayas are one of the families standing in the stagnant waters left behind .
Some former Wall Street employees , highly trained and accustomed to comfortable salaries , are having trouble translating their specialized skills to other fields that pay well , and instead find themselves forced to accept low - wage work .
Now , Mr. Araya is on the brink of losing it all and is doubtful that he will ever return to Wall Street .
And he is n't alone .
Nearly 25,000 jobs have been lost in New York City 's financial sector since August 2007 , according to the New York State Department of Labor .
The finance industry in New York is expected to lose 56,800 jobs from the end of 2007 to the beginning of 2012 , according to projections from the Independent Budget Office , a publicly funded information agency .
John Carbonaro was let go as a floor clerk by Bank of America in January 2009 , and despite his job - hunting efforts , remains a " Mr. Mom . "
Joe Morrone , a laid - off trading clerk from Prudential , has been unemployed for two years and struggles to support his daughters and grandson .
He has had stints as a deli worker , a doorman and a bouncer .
" I used to have three cars , " Mr. Morrone says .
" Now I share one . "
The result is an unlikely stream of erstwhile Wall Street pros need help .
" I 've got 'em all -- Lehman , AIG , Citi , " says Bob Townley , head of Manhattan Youth in Tribeca , an organization that gave the Arayas financial assistance to pay for childcare while they are working .
" I can hear it in a parent 's voice when there 's trouble .
Others are too proud to ask for help . "
Many of these parents once made donations to Mr. Townley 's program .
Now they are asking for aid to pay for their kids .
Mr. Araya 's daughters , ages 6 and 7 , are in an after - school program at Mr. Townley 's center .
Nowadays , during Mr. Araya 's late nights at the Palm , reminders of his old life crop up when former colleagues come in .
Some are encouraging and offer hugs .
Others sneer , he says .
" The way they look at you , you know they 're thinking negatively , " he says .
Some are laid - off like him , and ask if the restaurant is hiring .
Those who sneer at him will hopefully get their due in the not too distant future .
Henry Grimmelsman Henry Grimmelsman
As a host , Mr. Araya wears a suit and tie .
He 's on his feet most of the day , either escorting guests to tables or manning the podium at the front , answering phone calls , managing reservations on the computer and fielding orders from wait staff and managers .
Although he 's thankful for the work at the Palm , paydays can be bittersweet .
" At the end of the week , I get my paycheck , " he says , " and I think , ' I used to make this much in a day . ' "
Mr. Araya 's wife , Dennise , has gone back to work as an administrative assistant for a construction company and leaves home at 6 a.m. Mr. Araya often works until one or two in the morning and on weekends , leaving little time for the family to be together .
He calls his daughters every night during his break at the restaurant on his cellphone to say good night .
Mr. Araya now is the one who gets his children ready for school .
He 's learned to tie pony tails , inadvertently shrunk sweaters in the wash and knows which grocery store has the best price on milk .
The Arayas stopped dining out , pulled their daughters out of ballet and tumbling classes , and dropped cable television -- even though the flat screen he bought when they first moved in still sits in the living room .
Last month , for the first time , the Arayas did n't make a mortgage payment .
Their savings are almost depleted .
The mortgage , taxes and fees for the family 's condo cost $ 6,200 .
Combined , he and Denise bring in $ 4,000 a month .
Three months ago , he and his wife applied to restructure their mortgage .
The bank told them it is still processing the request .
They fear foreclosure and bankruptcy .
Recently , their oldest daughter asked Mr. Araya if the family would have to move .
He told her he did n't know .
She countered : " How much money do we need ? "
" The way she looked at me , " Mr. Araya says , " I could tell she was counting the money in her piggy bank . "
He went into the bathroom and cried .
After a few minutes , he dried his eyes and walked back into the living room .
Mr. Araya , the son of a cab driver , grew up in a working - class neighborhood in nearby Queens .
Like thousands of New Yorkers , he used a Wall Street job to vault into a comfortable lifestyle that included his apartment -- bought for $ 960,000 four years ago -- in Manhattan 's Battery Park City neighborhood and family vacations to Cabo San Lucas , Disneyland and Las Vegas .
The Arayas purchased the condo in 2005 with a 20 % down payment and a pre-construction price .
The proximity of the two - bedroom , two - bathroom apartment to the trading pit allowed Mr. Araya to spend more time with his family and less time commuting .
Ms. Araya diligently managed the family budget with Excel charts to ensure that they had no credit card debt , good credit histories even an emergency fund saved over five years that is now depleted .
Mr. Araya says he would be lucky to find a buyer and break even on the apartment now .
Mr. Araya dropped out of college in 1992 to work in the pits , where he quickly advanced from runner to trader .
He shifted between large firms like J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and smaller shops like Aren Brokerage Service , the firm that eventually laid him off .
A wrestler in high school , Mr. Araya was known for elbowing his way through the loud commodities pits .
Nights were late ; mornings began at 4:30 am , fueled by coffee .
" You 'd clock in and just try to kill each other till the bell rang , " Mr. Araya says .
He had a knack for the Merc job .
He could gauge from the roar of traders ' voices how the market was faring .
He gained loyal clients , and was confident enough to engage in profane shouting matches with them on the phone .
Mr. Araya still has dreams about the hand signals traders use to indicate orders .
His trading jacket hangs in his closet .
Every day lately , he spends two hours online , trolling job Web sites like Monster.com and e-mailing former colleagues .
The leads have dried up , since some of them are laid off themselves .
He 's contacted headhunters , been on a dozen interviews in the last year and a half , but nothing has come of them .
" It was a hard reality at first , " he says .
" I used to see unemployed people and think they were lazy , that it was all on them .
Now it 's happened to me . "
Write to Mary Pilon at mary.pilon@wsj.com
Friday night in Tijuana , Mario Cazarez scored an upset victory over Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in a light heavyweight contest .
The fight was stopped in the sixth round due to a cut over Chavez 's left eye .
After this fight was halted , it went to the scorecards and it was Cazares ahead on all three cards : 57 - 56 , 59 - 54 , 57 - 56 .
Earlier in the night , Julio Cesar Chavez Sr. and Jorge Arce put on an entertaining four round exhibition bout that saw plenty of heated exchanges .
Leading up to Mother 's Day , the commercial world would have us believe that flowers and jewelry are the best gift a mother could receive .
Yet most mothers I know ( including myself ) do n't need roses or bracelets .
We need time .
Time to be with our children .
Time to care for them when they are sick , or just take them to the doctor for routine check - ups .
Time to participate in our children 's education as active learning partners , and to be constructive members of Parent Teacher Associations .
Unfortunately , the United States provides few legal protections to enable women -- or men-- to have this much - needed time with our children .
There is no law to guarantee paid sick leave or vacation , and as a result half of U.S. workers must pay for their own sick days , and one out of five lose pay if they take any vacation time .
There is no law to require paid maternity leave , and there are no allowances for time off to breast - feed .
Federal law provides eligible workers with 12 weeks of unpaid extended sick leave to be used as parental leave , but about 40 percent of workers do n't even qualify for that .
In fact , American lawmakers are loathe even to contemplate paid maternity benefits .
In 2002 the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted on whether the United States should ratify the international women 's rights treaty ( formally called the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , the CEDAW ) .
The alternative was to remain in the company of Somalia , Iran , Qatar and a few others as one of only 8 countries in the world that refuse to accept its provisions .
At that time the Senate Committee concluded that , yes , the United States should ratify , but only if we can opt out of the commitment to paid maternity leave or other maternity related benefits .
An overcrowded fall Senate schedule prevented the treaty
from being considered by the full Senate , and the United States still has not ratified the treaty .
This contrasts sharply with other high - income countries -- such as Canada , Denmark , Australia , and Spain , all parties to the treaty -- where the law provides for paid parental leave without exception , often with the right to return to work gradually , on a part - time basis .
Many high - income countries entitle parents to tailor parental leave to their needs , with options such as taking the leave in one block with a paid allowance , or working part - time over a longer period ; reducing the working day during a set time period , or extending the paid leave period into unpaid leave , with job guarantees .
Not surprisingly , parents in other high - income countries tend to spend more time with their children .
The percentage of families with two working parents who work 80 hours a week or more is twice as high in the United States as in the closest comparable European country .
What is perhaps less well - known is that many lower income countries have much stronger legal protections for paid parental leave and related issues than the United States .
Most Latin American countries require employers to allow breastfeeding mothers the time and physical space to breastfeed for at least a year after childbirth .
And paid vacation and sick leave are protected by law in most of the region .
Of course , legal provisions do n't necessarily translate into effective protection .
Many women in Latin America can't take advantage of their legal rights because they work in undocumented jobs or because they have to work several full - time jobs to make ends meet .
It is , however , noticeable that all the talk about family values in the United States does n't seem to translate into actual legal protection , and that lawmakers in other countries -- rich and poor -- seem to have a much better grasp of what it really takes to be a good parent : time and support .
The good news is that our Senators soon get another chance to show they get it .
The Obama administration has sent the women 's rights treaty for review by various government agencies , and the Senate is likely to consider approving it by fall .
When they do , they may look back at the 2002 transcripts and feel tempted to carve out similar exceptions on paid maternity leave and benefits .
But when that time comes , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee members should think about Mother 's Day and ask themselves : what do mothers need ?
Here 's a hint : it 's not flowers .
It 's time .
Michigan Gov. Granholm proposes outsourcing Detroit to India to help bring down the state ’s unemployment rate .
Brett Favre changes his Facebook career status from “ Retired ” to “ Frictionally Unemployed . ”
Uncle Sam applies for an extension on His unemployment benefits .
God is considering adding an eighth day to the week , so his unemployed creations can have a day off from looking for work .
Miss California Carrie Prejean gets fired for not living up to her end of the contract , which strictly forbids homophobia during business hours .
Donald Trump fires himself , just so he has something to do .
White Supremacists , fearing layoffs beyond their Aryian control , attempt to unionize .
There ’s a spike in unemployment rates for employees who work for the unemployed by standing in unemployment lines on behalf of their employers .
Former AIG CEOs start pawning their golden parachutes to help float them until their next unemployment check arrives .
Bloggin ’ for nothin ’ looks like a step up : )
You know the routine , dear Reader .
Finish the sentence in the COMMENTS section below .
What do you have to lose , other than your job ( if responding while on The Man ’s clock ) .
Besides , it will look good on your resume .
sudo apt - get install centerim
centerim
For other distros , see CenterIM download page
And then to run it , typein a terminal .
Server : talk.google.com:5223Secured : yesLogin : yourusername@gmail.com Password : yourpasswordPriority : 4 Request receipts : noSend OS info : yesOpenPGP key : none
Accounts > Jab
You can now proceed to setting up your accounts and so on which is very easy except for Google Talk users , who need to set this :
To enter these settings , Go toand enter your username and after that , a bunch of settings will be displayed and you can change them .
You will then see the normal contact list window in the left , the chat window in the upper right part of the screen and at the bottom you will see the keys you need to press in order to perform an action : CenterIM may look like a geek - only tool , but the fact is that this little application is very well designed ( if I can use that word given the fact that it runs in a terminal : P ) and easy to use and , of course , it uses very few system resources .[ via junauza
Since entering the national spotlight , Palin has been inundated by ethics complaints .
Assailin ' Palin : Complaints deluge gov .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ’s life has changed in a myriad of ways since she became the Republican vice presidential nominee last August , but one aspect of her newfound fame has been more bracing than the others :
Since entering the national spotlight , Palin has been inundated by ethics complaints , most of them filed against her after she agreed to become Sen.
John McCain ’s running mate .
The complaints run the gamut , ranging from the governor ’s use of state funds and staff to the workings of her political action committee and even to a jacket she wore to a snow machine race involving her husband .
Advertisement
It ’s difficult to pinpoint exactly how many complaints have been filed because the state does n’t keep count and the complaints are kept confidential by the attorney general ’s office unless the state moves forward with a public accusation of wrongdoing .
But in total there have been more than a dozen , and most of those have surfaced in the last seven months .
That much is clear because the complainants have a habit of notifying the media and bloggers each time they lodge a grievance .
It ’s evidence , say Palin ’s defenders , that there is a clear political component to them .
“ As we 've been saying , the number of ethics complaints filed against the governor and her staff — as well as the tortured logic they contain — continue to constitute the most disturbing trend in Alaska politics , ” said Palin spokeswoman Sharon Leighow in a recent statement after one ostensibly confidential complaint was sent to the Anchorage Daily News and other news outlets .
“ In the past several months , we have seen an orchestrated effort by the governor ’s opponents to make differences of opinion and ideology almost criminal , ” said Mike Nizich , the governor ’s chief of staff , in a statement .
“ Governor Palin has spent a considerable amount of time and money fighting ethics complaints – and no charge has been substantiated .
I hope that the publicity - seekers will face a backlash from Alaskans who have a sense of fair play and proportion .
I served six previous governors , and I ’ve never seen anything like the attacks against Gov. Palin . ”
The deluge of complaints is , in part , a reflection of the ease with which they can be filed .
Any Alaska resident can submit a complaint in writing as long as it is signed under oath and contains details of the alleged ethics violation .
Judy Bockmon , who as the state ethics attorney at the Alaska Department of Law conducts the initial review of all complaints , said the state does n’t keep track of how many are filed .
“ It ’s not information that is useful to anybody , ” she said , adding that the number of complaints seems “ unusual . ”
Many of Palin 's opponents have taken advantage of the low bar for filing and used it as a license to highlight their grievances with the governor .
“ The number of complaints is a function of the misconduct of Governor Palin , Todd Palin and certain state workers , ” said self - described government watchdog Andrée McLeod , who has filed four complaints alone .
“ Governor Palin constantly blurs the lines between her personal and political interests and the interests of Alaska and Alaskans .
Alaskans are fed up and are finally doing something about it . ”
Bob Stern , president of the Center for Governmental Studies , a California - based think tank that studies government reform and campaign finance issues , noted that Palin ’s high - profile may be generating the extra scrutiny since Alaska ’s ethics laws are n’t all that different than many other states .
‘ It ’s not just Alaska , ” he said .
“ She ’s an interesting official and attracts a lot of attention . ”
Alaska Republican Party Chairman Randy Ruedrich , who tangled with Palin when both served on the state Oil and Gas Commission before she became governor , said Palin may be more susceptible to attacks on her ethics from opponents because she “ raised the ethics issue years before she came into office and made a major point of working to change the state ethics laws and regulation . ”
“ Some of the complaints over the last several months have been frivolous , ” he said , “ but others have been brought about by the high level of interest in ethics issues around Palin . ”
Former Alaska governors “ all did extremely similar things ” that did not lead to ethics complaints , Ruedrich added , referring to the number of complaints as “ unprecedented . ”
The business of defending against the claims has been expensive .
In late April , Palin was forced to form a legal defense fund in an effort to pay for more than $ 500,000 in legal debts accrued by the governor — though much of it stems from the “ Troopergate ” episode surrounding her attempts to fire a state trooper who was once married to her sister .
" Over the past months it became increasingly clear that supporters of Gov. Palin needed to help defend against the onslaught of frivolous attacks against her , ” said Trustee Kristan Cole , a Wasilla native and Palin friend , in a statement .
“ These baseless accusations are designed to inhibit her ability to focus on the issues Alaskans truly care about and force massive personal debt on her and her family . ”
To avoid additional accusations of impropriety , the fund set an unusually low , self - imposed cap of $ 150 per donation .
It also volunteered to disclose the names and dollar amounts of each donor , leading Cole to call it “ one of the most restrictive and transparent legal funds in history . ”
Three days later though , another ethics complaint was filed — this time against the legal defense fund itself .
An Eagle River resident who had recently joined a federal lawsuit against Palin for failing to issue a proclamation commemorating the Juneteenth emancipation holiday in 2007 , complained that Palin is misusing her office and receiving improper gifts by setting up the fund , accusing the governor of intending to raise much more than she needs to pay her legal debts .
“ Governor Palin has at least 500,000 supporters between her Facebook , TeamSarah and other groups in support of Sarah Palin , ” the complaint read .
“ If each of them were to contribute an average of $ 100 it would equate to $ 50 million .
If they contribute an average of $ 50 it equates to $ 25 million .
If half of them send $ 10 it equals $ 2.5 million .
That ’s personal wealth created for Gov. Palin by putting a for sale sign on our Alaska Governor ’s Office . ”
Interactive Map : Gender in the Recession : Women Breadwinners Are More Important than Ever
Widespread job losses continued in May , pushing the economy toward a number of dubious achievements .
Long - term unemployment is now at an all - time high , jobs have declined for a record number of consecutive months , work hours are the shortest since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking the data , and many other indicators of labor market distress are at or near historic levels .
The Labor Department figures released today were better than many economists predicted .
Employers shed 345,000 jobs in May , which is fewer than in recent months .
It is good news that the rate of job growth has slowed , but you would need rose - colored glasses to claim that the labor market is anything but grim and the economy is n’t mired in recession .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act is beginning to pump money into the economy — $ 43.7 billion has already been spent — but job growth will take more time .
May ’s job losses — excluding the current recession — are the worst one - month performance since 1980 .
The economy has now shed 6 million jobs since the recession began in December 2007 , and nearly half of those ( 2.9 million ) have been lost since the beginning of this year .
The unemployment rate is now 9.4 percent , which is the highest level since 1983 and 0.5 percentage points higher than the month before .
Nearly 6 million additional people have become unemployed over the past year — more than any other year since the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics began tabulating this data just after World War II .
And there are now a total of 14.5 million people unemployed — more than at any other time on record .
The U.S. economy has shed jobs for 17 consecutive months , which ties the worst - ever period during the more than 70 years that BLS has kept these records .
If job losses continue next month , which is quite likely , the economy will set another all - time mark for months of consecutive job losses .
Nearly two - thirds of the unemployed — 65.4 percent — are out of work because they lost a job , a number higher than at any point since the BLS began tracking that data .
And once people lose their job , they are having a very hard time finding a new one and are likely to remain unemployed for a long time .
Nearly 4 million people have been unemployed for more than 27 weeks — another record .
And the percentage of unemployed people who have been without out a job for over six months is also near record levels at 27.0 percent , despite the fact that employers have been shedding jobs at a record rate over the past few months .
With so many new workers laid off , the increase in the share of long - term unemployed is striking .
New increases in unemployment ordinarily reduce the percent of the unemployed who have been without a job for more than six months , but those who have been out of work for a long time are having great difficulties finding work .
It ’s more critical than ever to extend unemployment benefits beyond the standard six months for all workers .
In 2008 , 3.4 million workers exhausted their regular , six month unemployment benefits without finding a new job .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act provides full funding for an additional 13 to 20 weeks of extended unemployment benefits for those in states with high unemployment .
The program is providing benefits to workers in over 20 states and helping more than 2 million workers this year .
But more than 300,000 workers go without these benefits unless certain states with especially high levels of unemployment act quickly to adopt a temporary change in state law that will allow the state to immediately qualify .
Still , only half of unemployed workers have received any unemployment compensation over the past year , which indicates that even this change will be insufficient for helping many families .
Those Americans lucky enough to have a job are often working fewer hours than they would like .
Over 9 million part - time workers would prefer to be working full time — an increase of 4 million since the start of the recession .
The length of the average workweek edged down slightly in May to 33.1 hours — the fewest hours of work since BLS began keeping these records in 1965 .
These workers are at the greatest risk of losing health benefits as they may no longer qualify for their employer ’s plan , but may not qualify for Medicaid .
The temporary help industry , which is often a good predictor of whether firms will likely hire in the months to come , continued to shed jobs during May , and has lost 809,000 jobs since the recession began .
Manufacturing lost 156,000 in May , leading all sectors in job losses , and has shed nearly 1.8 million jobs since the recession began in December 2007 .
The construction industry lost 59,000 jobs for the month and 1.2 million jobs since the recession began .
Only health care and education significantly increased employment , adding 44,000 for the month .
Health care has long been one of the few sectors with job growth , but its gains have been far too little to make up for losses elsewhere in the economy .
Minorities continue to be particularly hard hit by this recession .
Nearly 15 percent of blacks are unemployed , as are 12.7 percent of Hispanics , compared to 8.6 percent of whites .
Men have also been hit harder by this recession , with adult men being unemployed at a rate of 9.8 percent compared to 7.5 percent for adult women .
Older workers are a demographic that is often overlooked in the labor market , but they are facing a particularly hard time .
These people are nearing retirement age and many have lost significant retirement wealth in the stock market decline .
They are also having a hard time finding work .
The unemployment rate for those age 55 and older is 6.7 percent — the highest since these data began being collected in 1948 .
The job market is clearly quite bad .
And all signs indicate that it will be quite some time before the economy recovers enough to create all the jobs that have been lost .
That is why efforts to prevent further job losses , such as those to revive General Motors , as well as measures to stimulate new job creation are key for America to recover from the Great Recession .
Interactive Map : Gender in the Recession : Women Breadwinners Are More Important than Ever
Two male Humboldt penguins cautiously guard the entrance to their cave in the zoological park in Bremerhaven , northern Germany , where they are foster dads to a six - week - old penguin chick .
(( Focke Strangmann / Associated Press ) ) Keepers at Germany 's Bremerhaven zoo could n't get two penguin parents to take care of their egg , so they 're trying an experiment — they gave the egg to a gay male penguin couple .
The biological parents " always rolled the egg out of their nest , they kicked it out again and again , " zoo veterinarian Joachim Schoene said .
" Then we made the decision not to give it up and instead try to give it two fathers . "
So far , the experiment has been a success .
The two foster dads incubated the egg for 30 days until it hatched and have continued to care for the newborn chick .
The male penguins , named Z and Vielpunkt , are one of three same - sex pairs of Humboldt penguins at the zoo .
That means almost a third of the zoo's 20 penguins who have attempted to mate exhibit homosexual behaviour .
Same - sex penguin pairs have also been observed at zoos in Japan and New York .
The behaviour is not considered unusual because homosexuality has been well documented in the animal kingdom .
Scientific observation has shown that most sexual encounters between giraffes are homosexual .
Male bottlenose dolphin calves often form homosexual bonds and exhibit bisexual behaviour when they 're older .
And female Japanese macaques , or snow monkeys , form monogamous relationships with each other that last from days to weeks .
All of these behaviours have been observed in the wild and do not appear to have been influenced by a scarcity of available mates of the opposite sex .
A similar experiment was performed at New York City 's Central Park Zoo in 2004 .
Two male chinstrap penguins named Roy and Silo incubated an egg together and raised the chick , called Tango , when she hatched .
A children 's book written about the New York penguins called And Tango Makes
Three has been the book with the most requests for removal from libraries in the United States over the past three years , according the American Library Association .
Z , Vielpunkt and their adopted chick have proven a hit with visitors to the Bremerhaven zoo .
A man who had one of his ears cut off when he was attacked in a park described yesterday how doctors stitched it to his stomach in an attempt to save it .
Student Paul Gibbs , from Leeds , was attacked by three men as he camped out with a group of goth friends last year .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Because the ear was not found for 17 hours , surgeons could not immediately reattach it .
Instead , doctors stitched it inside his stomach so the tissue will re-grow .
The plan is to then reconstruct the ear using some of the cartilage from 26 - year - old Mr Gibbs ’s ribcage .
He said : “ It is going to hurt , but I want it done . ”
Mr Gibbs was attacked in Rothwell Country Park , near Leeds , in August last year when he and a group of friends were camping out .
He suffered brain damage when he was hit over the head with a motorbike helmet before his left ear was sliced off .
Last week , two 18 - year - olds and a 22 - year - old were convicted of attacking Mr Gibbs .
The younger men were ordered to serve a minimum of two years and 210 days , and the 22 - year - old was told he must serve four - and - a - half years .
The following was drafted by Matt Bucher ( maintainer of the wallace - l listserv and author of this post ) , and augmented by input from Nick Maniatis ( administrator of The Howling Fantods , a site devoted to DFW ) , and Kathleen Fitzpatrick ( professor at Pomona College , who teaches a course entitled David Foster Wallace ) .
There ’s no wrong way to read Infinite Jest : front - to - back , upside - down , cut in half , or skipping around .
But here are a few tips for the Infinite Jester .
Read the endnotes : Please .
They are not boring bibliographic details , but rather an integral part of the text .
And the bouncing back - and - forth is a feature , not a bug .
Use bookmarks :
Yes “ bookmarks ” , plural : one for the main text and one for the endnotes .
Doing so will save you hours of searching , and the aggravation of losing your place several times an hour .
Persevere to page 200 : There are several popular way stations on the road to abandoning Infinite Jest .
The most heavily trafficked by far is “ The Wardine Section ” .
Where the opening pages of IJ are among the best written in the book , page 37 ( and many pages thereafter ) are in a tortured , faux - Ebonics type dialect .
“ Wardine say her momma ai n’t treat her right . ”
“ Wardine be cry . ”
Potentially offensive ( if one wants to be offended ) , and generally hard to get through .
Hang in there , ignore the regional parlance , and focus on what the characters are doing .
Like most things in the book , you ’ll need to know this later .
Likewise for the other rough patches to be found in the first fifth of the novel .
Trust the author : Around page 50 , you ’re going to feel a sinking sense of dread , as it dawns on you how much stuff you ’ll be asked to keep track of : lots of characters coming and going , subplots upon subplots , page long sentences , and more .
You have to believe that what seems at first like a bunch of disconnected vignettes ( like The Wardine Section ) will in fact come together ; that the connections among what seem like radically disparate plot lines really do make themselves apparent in time .
But at first , it requires something of a focus on the local plot lines , and a leap of faith in the fact that the global picture will eventually resolve .
Flag , copy , or bookmark page 223 : Page 223 of the novel contains some information that you will either need to internalize or refer to frequently to make sense of the narrative .
Once you reach it , flag the page with a stickie , dogear the corner , photocopy the material , stick a ( third ) bookmark there –whatever will ensure that you can find this information when you need it .
Do n’t do the thing you ’re dying to do right now : Namely , flip to page 223 to see what we ’re talking about .
David Foster Wallace ordered the book the way he did for a reason , and part of step 4 above is respecting that .
In fact , we encourage you to take the fingers - in - the - ears “ LA LA LA LA I CAN ’T HEAR YOU ” approach to spoilers in general .
Abuse your copy :
When you are finished , 223 should be just one of many mutilated pages in your novel .
Liberal use of tape flags , post - it notes , highlighting , or your anal - retentive page marking device of choice , as a means of keeping track of key passages you think you might like to come back to ( or share with others ) , is encouraged .
( Note : the preceding advice is not recommended for those reading on the Kindle . )
If you ca n’t bring yourself to work over your only copy of Infinite Jest , consider investing in a second .
Keep notes :
As if lugging around a book the size of a 2 br. 1 ¼ bath apartment is n’t enough , you may want to carry a notebook as well .
You wo n’t always have the requisite Oxford English Dictionary within arm ’s reach , you know .
Brush up on your Hamlet :
It ’s no coincidence that the first two words of Hamlet are “ Who ’s there ? ” and the first two words of Infinite Jest are “ I am ” .
Even the novel ’s title was lifted from the play .
As you read , it behooves you keep in mind the relationships between the characters in Shakespeare ’s drama ( the ghost , poor Yorick , etc. ) and the central themes of the play .
You can find a brief primer here .
WASHINGTON 
The discovery of water flowing across the floor of a building at the Indian Point 2 nuclear plant in Buchanan , N.Y. , traced to a leak in a buried pipe , is stirring concern about the plant ’s underground pipes and those of other aging reactors across the country .
A one - and - a - half - inch hole caused by corrosion allowed about 100,000 gallons of water to escape from the main system that keeps the reactor cool immediately after any shutdown , according to nuclear experts .
The leak was discovered on Feb. 16 , according to the plant ’s owner , Entergy Nuclear Northeast , a subsidiary of the Entergy Corporation .
Entergy and the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission emphasized that the Indian Point reactor could still have been shut down safely with either of two other backup systems , although operators generally avoid using both .
They also stressed that the supply pipe was quickly repaired after the leak was found and that the water itself , which is cleaner than tap water , posed no environmental threat .
Yet the leak ’s discovery has prompted Entergy and the regulatory commission to begin studying how the chief system for cooling during shutdowns , so important that the Indian Point 2 has three pumps in place to do the same job , could be endangered by the failure of a single part .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Goldman
Sachs reported a much stronger - than - expected first - quarter profit Monday , bouncing back from its worst quarter as a public company .
Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) also set plans to raise $ 5 billion through a sale of stock , saying it wants to become the first big bank to repay the federal loans extended during last fall 's financial sector meltdown .
In reporting its results a day earlier than expected , New York - based Goldman said it earned $ 1.81 billion , or $ 3.39 a share , for the quarter ended March 31 .
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial were looking for a profit of $ 1.64 a share .
Goldman shares , which have surged more than 70 % during the past month , continued rising late Monday , gaining about 4.7 % for the day .
Shares were down slightly in after - hours trading .
With the results , Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) bounced back decisively from the last quarter of 2008 , when it posted its only quarterly loss since becoming a public company in 1999 .
The firm said the latest quarter 's gains were driven by big profits in its fixed income business , where revenue surged to $ 6.56 billion - 34 % above the previous record .
" Given the difficult market conditions , we are pleased with this quarter 's performance , " said CEO Lloyd Blankfein in a statement .
In addition to the record fixed income revenue , which Goldman said was driven by " strong performance in interest rate products , commodities and credit products , " Goldman also posted $ 7.15 billion in trading and principal investment revenue .
But Goldman 's principal investments lost $ 1.41 billion during the quarter , reflecting losses on real estate and a stake in a Chinese bank .
Revenue in Goldman 's financial advisory and investment banking businesses declined by 21 % and 30 % from a year ago , as dealmaking declined , while revenue in its asset management business fell 29 % , reflecting the plunge in stock prices over the past year .
Goldman 's results come on the heels of last week 's announcement from Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) that its first - quarter earnings would be much stronger - than - expected , and just ahead of reports scheduled later this week from JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) .
Goldman 's numbers are n't strictly comparable with the results of its fiscal 2008 first quarter , because the first quarter marks the first full period since Goldman and rival Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) became bank holding companies .
They made that shift last fall , in a bid to ease investor concerns about their access to funding .
As a result of their changed status , both firms committed to report their financial results on a calendar - year basis -- a departure from their previous practice of using a fiscal year that ended in November .
Looking to pay back TARP
Goldman received $ 10 billion in funding from the Treasury Department last year as part of the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
While Goldman will still need the approval of regulators at Treasury and the Federal Reserve to repay the TARP money , Monday 's announcement is the strongest indication yet of how eager Goldman is to return the funds .
The bank had previously indicated its desire to repay funds but had otherwise avoided making definitive statements about when it would do so .
Goldman 's co-president , Gary Cohn , said at a conference last month that he did n't expect any banks to repay TARP funds until after they report first - quarter earnings and regulators have revealed the results of the stress tests they are conducting on big banking companies .
But that changed with Monday 's announcement .
" After the completion of the stress assessment , if permitted by our supervisors and if supported by the results of the stress assessment , Goldman Sachs would like to use the capital raised plus additional resources to redeem all of the TARP capital , " the company said in a statement about the stock offering .
[ UPDATE :
At least 16 previously unpublicized HIV cases in porn film performers , public health officials say ]
Public health officials said today they have had no cooperation from the adult entertainment industry health clinic that recently confirmed a porn actress had tested positive for HIV , hampering their efforts to investigate how she contracted the virus .
The Adult Industry Medical Healthcare Foundation , a San Fernando Valley - based clinic , confirmed the positive test result to The Times on Wednesday .
Despite requests from the county and state , AIM officials have not released the actress ' name or provided the name of the production company or companies where she had worked .
“ I do n’t think we have the degree of cooperation that we would like in cases like this , ” said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , Los Angeles County health officer .
“ We ’d like a little more proactive cooperation . ”
Fielding said it is routine for the county to conduct an investigation in cases of disease transmission at the workplace .
VLC media player , one of the most appreciated multimedia software has reached a fundamental point of its history with version 1.0.0 , the first main release after more than eight years since the initial version released in the far away February of 2001 .
The supervened maturity of the player created within the VidenLAN project overlaps with so many novelties for the interface , playback and supported formats , and the amount of users that in the past days has downloaded the release well demonstrates the success and popularity the software has been able to achieve .
Among the most remarkable features of Goldeneye , codename for VLC media player 1.0.0 , it ’s worth pointing out support for live recording , instant and frame - by - frame pause , new high definition audio and video codecs ( AES3 , Dolby Digital Plus , TrueHD , linear PCM audio on Blu-ray , Real Video 3.0 among the others ) , new formats like Raw Dirac and M2TS and substantial improvements to those already included , video scaling in fullscreen mode , a customizable toolbar , playback from archive files , support to AirTunes , a new skin and a better UI integration within Gtk environments .
Furthermore the release includes fixes for “ a very high number of bugs that were present in the 0.9.x or 0.8.6 versions “ , VideoLAN website says , while the almost unique ability of the open source player to do without external libraries and codecs managing all by itself playback , transcoding and recording of audiovisual fluxes in a great number of different formats remains unchanged .
And for who would prefer portable applications a version of the software that does not require installation , VLC media player Portable 1.0 , is available as well .
While announcing the first main release of the program , VideoLAN / VLC developers urge who plan to contribute to their project for free , open source and multiplatform multimedia software to donate whatever they can including time , code , hardware and money .
The end users are as much important as well , having been VLC media player 1.0.0 downloaded en masse summing up 3 million downloads after less than three days since the release , and approaching five million total downloads at the time of writing .
Similar posts :
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/40/184/184570564.gif?end=1601569827&secure=05b1dfb8a6627721f6e6d
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
Barnes and Noble Launches eBook Store and Does Deal with Plastic Logic for Dedicated Reader
Barnes and Noble has launched a giant , 700,000 title ebook store and has announced that they will be working with Plastic Logic to develop a touchscreen ereader to compete with the Kindle .
Plastic Logic 's new ereader will have wireless access without all of Amazon 's proprietary restrictions .
Books sold in Barnes and Noble 's store will be compatible with almost every existing format , including Sony 's ePub modality .
From Barnes and Noble 's press release " Today marks the first phase of our digital strategy , which is rooted in the belief that readers should have access to the books in their digital library from any device , from anywhere , at any time , " said William J. Lynch , President of BN.com .
" As America 's # 1 bookstore and newsstand , our goal at Barnes & Noble is to build a service that revolves around the customer , enabling them to have access to hundreds of thousands of titles and read on their smartphone , PC , and many other existing and future devices .
We want to make eBooks simple , accessible , affordable and convenient for everyone .
" Barnes and Noble will be selling their ebooks for the now industry - standard price of $ 9.99 ( which is still too high for direct downloads ) .
Publishers are all complaining that this price is too LOW and that it will interfere with their profit margins , but I assume this is because nobody has shown publishers how to log onto " The Pirate Bay " and steal a thousand ebooks in an hour with one fat torrent .
Generously , that means it would take you 700 hours to steal every book from Barnes and Noble , which is a little less than a month . 700,000 books .
10 dollars a book .
That means you can steal 7 million dollars worth of books in less than a month while sitting in a coffee shop .
If you have seven million dollars and want to destroy a company , you could buy one legal copy each and then make them available for free on a Chinese data dump .
So maybe it 's time to rethink this whole ebooks thing *** Plastic Logic is in a good position as an ereader company , assuming that Apple does n't come out with something devastating in the next few months .
Plastic Logic 's entire business model is to develop an ereader that looks like the sort of thing people use in science fiction movies .
Plastic Logic 's ereader is a touchscreen , which means that it will also make a fine internet browser , which is something that the Kindle can't offer .
If you MUST have e-ink to read your ebooks , it seems like Plastic Logic 's reader is the way to go .
Also likable is the fact that Barnes and Noble does not currently have plans to dismantle and take over the entire publishing industry from the inside out .
Unlike Google and Amazon , they just want to sell books that other people publish .
I appreciate their humble ambitions in this age of constant , fevered power - grabs .
I question the wisdom of their book - selling model and I fear their consolidation will lead even faster to the gutting of the publishing industry .
They will flood people 's computers with ebooks , and those ebooks will be copied , shared , collected , and pirated .
People will crave ebooks and demand them .
But they will not pay , because their guts will tell them that these books have no value because they can be copied and distributed for free .
Which is true .
The Cleveland Cavaliers and the Phoenix Suns have come to an agreement on a blockbuster trade that will send Shaquille O'Neal to Cleveland to team with LeBron James , according to sources .
The deal has been agreed to in principle and is expected to be finalized Thursday , according to sources .
Cleveland will send Ben Wallace and Sasha Pavlovic to Phoenix for the presumptive future Hall of Famer .
Sources said the Suns will also receive the 46th pick in Thursday 's NBA draft and $ 500,000 .
The trade gives the Cavs a player they 've coveted since February .
With center Zydrunas Ilgauskas starting to break down , adding Shaq to the roster gives them a dominant force in the middle .
The Cavs obviously were unhappy with their ability to defend Dwight Howard in the playoffs against the Orlando Magic and bringing Shaq into the fold should help .
O'Neal averaged 17.8 points and 8.4 rebounds per game last season and made his 15th All - Star Game .
Everything the real estate industry tells you is a hustle .
No industry is more geared toward pumping up the positive and burying anything remotely negative , leaving you — and truth — out in the cold .
The crash has not made real estate agents any more honest , but at least the gap between the industry ’s crazed optimism and stark reality has grown so obvious that even the real estate industry can’t hide it anymore .
Nowhere is this more obvious than in Victorville , Calif. , an exurb of Los Angeles situated in the high desert where housing bubbled up higher than just about anywhere at the peak of the subprime - lending craze and is still in free fall today .
These days , there are a lot of lies and broken dreams buried in the gravelly sand on which Victorville was built .
During the last real estate boom , this barren wasteland was the mecca of low - income home ownership , proof that the American Dream was within reach of all .
Tract - home developers stripped away the rocks and tumbleweeds and Joshua trees , replacing them with mazes of curvy streets and cul - de- sacs with soothing names like Cottontail Drive , Steeplechase Road and Ladybird Lane , lining them with the cheapest McMansions in California .
Things exploded out of control this past decade , with the population doubling to 100,000 in just eight years .
But that whole way of life is over now .
Unemployment in Victorville is way above the national average , and violent crime has shot up .
Homes prices have plunged to 1989 levels and many stand empty .
Banks do n’t even bother putting them on the market .
Yet , last week the press started hyping up the supposed real estate sales - driven economic turnaround that was about to sweep the country .
“ Honk if You Think It ’s Over , ” read a June 7 New York Times headline .
“ The panic in the Manhattan real estate market of the winter of 2009 lifted in the last few weeks , brokers say , as more and more buyers and sellers have found the courage and the comfort level to sign on the dotted line . ”
The Washington Post went even further : “ Economists , senior government officials and ordinary consumers are all showing greater confidence in the outlook for the economy .
…
There are unquestionable signs of economic progress . ”
ABC
News went with a rhetorical structure : “ Has the Recession Finally Ended ?
Strong Home Sales Are Just One Indicator That the Economy May Be on the Mend . ”
From where I sit , this reads like pure fiction .
It runs contrary to virtually every economic piece of data available : rising unemployment , growing credit card debt , a massive shadow inventory of foreclosed homes and a wave of defaulting ARM and commercial loans that ’s just around the corner .
But there is something else , too .
And it is as deadly to our vampiric debtor economy as a stake through the heart : the FHA loan .
By guaranteeing certain mortgages , the Federal Housing Administration has been helping middle - and low - income Americans purchase their first homes ever since the 1930s .
But this modest leg - up program has been been hijacked and transformed into the new subprime - loan market operated by lenders who are as corrupt , predatory and shortsighted as the original subprime lenders , and maybe even more so .
Because this time taxpayers have been put on the hook for the risk well in advance .
Real - estate insiders have been sounding the alarm about this new shadow subprime mortgage market — which is now almost $ 600 billion strong — for months now .
But instead of listening , Congress has been trying to expand the FHA loan program .
Not surprisingly , it seems that risk - free loans are the only way banks can be persuaded to start lending again .
But I wanted to find out firsthand how much of an impact these loans were having on the housing market .
So last weekend , I shaved , put on a clean shirt and headed out for a day of shopping in Victorville .
Around here , it is much easier to shop for a brand new home than to find someone who will show you one of the many foreclosed ones .
You do n’t need to make an appointment with a real estate agent , hunt down open houses on a Sunday afternoon or attend auctions .
All you have to do is take a drive any day of the week during normal business hours and look out for the huge signs plastered around town .
They are not easy to miss .
It took me five minutes to spot a new development on the very edge of Victorville ’s sprawl .
The sign was dark green and advertised a development called “ Braeburn at West Creek , ” with luxurious and spacious homes offered for around $ 200,000 .
The development had a quiet , upper - class suburb feel to it : new cars , landscaped lawns , no traffic and wide streets .
Passing a group of kids playing basketball in the middle of one of the streets , I pulled up in front of the Braeburn sales office , built into the garage of a model two - story McMansion painted a trendy brown .
It was 3 p.m. on Saturday , prime house - hunting time .
With all this buying activity the industry was reporting , I half - expected to run into other bargain shoppers like myself .
But I was the only customer in the real estate office .
“ Hello !
Have you come to see the houses ? ” a chipper female voice yelped from a distant corner of the office .
“ Give me a second , I ’ll be right out . ” I could n’t get a visual on her .
It was huge , this garage — er , office — big enough to hold three cars , easily the size of a decent apartment .
Schematic drawings hung on the walls showing all the wonderful house configurations you could order .
That was when the voice appeared in human form : a blond middle - aged woman emerged from a corner office with a bundle of keys .
Braeburn had three floor plans to choose from , she quickly started explaining .
But I could only look at two of them .
The third was still under construction .
But if I wanted to , I could drive around and look at it : “ It is quite far along in the building process . ”
The homes were all quite similar : all three had two floors , four to five bedrooms and range of 2,454 to 2,765 square feet .
All of them had what ’s called a “ great room , ” something you see in new home developments that combines the kitchen , living and dining rooms into one great open space .
“ We have sold 105 homes so far , and I have about 30 homes left , ” the agent said , whipping out a photocopy list of Braeburn ’s homes , complete with lot numbers .
“ Right now we are headed into this cul - de- sac .
This is our last cul - de- sac . ”
The rest of the homes would be built on mere streets .
She circled homes numbered 85 through 98 surrounding a dead - end street called Window Rock Court .
“ This is a nice neighborhood .
I have a few foreclosures in here , but if you drive around the neighborhood and ask the people , they ’ll tell you how they like it here .
And how they are real comfortable .
I got some correctional officers here , LAPD , teachers from the school . ”
Jesus , I thought .
What a neighborhood .
Prison guards , cops and their school - teacher wives .
All die - hard small - government Republicans , no doubt .
And all in government employ .
The last gainfully employed people in this country , and they ’re always talking shit about their employer , Big Government .
“ But go look at the houses for yourself first .
We can talk about it when you go back . ”
The model homes were fully furnished , and looked like they came out of a Martha Stewart magazine with a theme of “ the antique and modern in harmony . ”
I had to hand it to them , it worked .
It felt like home , as long as you did n’t look out of the master bedroom window .
The mini-highway and a barren desert wasteland dotted with high - voltage power lines squashed that comfort feeling .
These houses were clearly a step up from the entry - level McMansion I lived in just a few blocks away .
But were they worth the extra $ 100,000 that you could be saving if you tried to get one of few foreclosed properties that are on the market ?
The sales lady assured me they were , and besides I ’d never get a house for that price in Victorville .
“ I have a lot of people coming in here that have been bidding on foreclosures until they are sick of it .
They bid and they bid and they bid , and 20 other people are bidding , too .
You throw a number out , and you never get anywhere .
So they say ‘ I want my tax credit .
I want my new home .
I ’m gonna pick my own carpet .
I know it ’s under 10 - year structural warranty and two - year cosmetic warranty . ’ ”
Are the news reports about the increase in home sales true , I asked .
She nodded .
“ I ’ve been here for three years .
Last year was really slow going , but this year has been really good .
I ’ve had four sales last month , three sales the month before that .
First - time home buyers , that ’s what I ’m getting .
People are like , ‘ prices are down , the rates are low … time for me to get a house . ’
So why not ?
People are not afraid of getting into home ownership .
So that ’s a good sign , right ? ”
Of course , I nodded .
Great for the economy .
Great for Victorville .
But the longer we talked , the more obvious it was FHA loans were at the core of a real estate scam of frightening proportions that was reinflating the real estate bubble with taxpayers ’ money , all in the name of economic recovery .
“ Oh yes , we work with a lender .
All you have to do is come in and let me worry about the paperwork .
Right now you ’ll probably be able to get a 5 percent interest loan , which is good .
And credit history is not much of a problem .
We are doing just FHA loans , so we do n’t even go by a FICO score .
If you have n’t been late in the last 12 months on anything , you are eligible .
People get in here with credit scores of 580s and 600s , but they ’ve been on their job for 15 years , and they got a good history .
The FHAs , that ’s what ’s helping out the first - time home buyers . ”
The FHA was helping the developers out , too .
Even with boosts like the new accounting rules that allow banks to keep existing homes off the market ( which boosts banks ’ assets and inflates home values by limiting supply ) and taxpayer - funded cash perks for purchases of newly constructed homes , it could only work with zero - risk loans .
No bank would consider giving a loan on obviously overpriced homes these days , especially with people with borderline bad credit .
But thanks to the FHA , lenders literally cannot lose on these high - risk customers .
So they are happy to hand out loans to all comers .
In fact , places like Braeburn only sell to people who qualify for an FHA - backed mortgage : first - time home buyers .
Fact is , FHA loans were the only reason places like Braeburn were still open for business .
And that may not be such a good thing .
FHA loans have been around since the Great Depression , helping working - class Americans buy their first homes by providing government insurance that guarantees certain types of loans at no risk to the lender .
Until recently , they have been largely a force for good .
During the civil rights movement , for example , FHA loans were retooled to help African Americans purchase homes .
But like most public programs designed to help the American people , the FHA has been hijacked by big business — in this case , the banking and real estate industries .
It was really a coup d’état for everyone involved .
When the subprime market collapsed , President George W. Bush pushed Congress to heavily expand the the FHA loan program , increasing its budget , lowering entry requirements for both lenders and debtors .
Eventually , our elected officials even took care of the bothersome 3.5 percent down payment requirement for the loan with all sorts of free cash .
Right now , the FHA is in essence giving out no -money - down loans to anyone who does n’t already own a house , regardless of credit history .
In California , first - time homebuyers purchasing a freshly built home receive instant cash in the form of a tax credit : $ 8,000 from the feds ( soon to be increased to $ 16,000 ) and $ 10,000 from the state .
Local governments are also throwing in some goodies .
“ I have some some money from the school facility fees that I can get .
Like you need 3.5 percent down , but I can get you about $ 4,000 of that from down - payment sources .
That just came back .
It was gone but it ’s back , ” said the sales lady at Braeburn , lowering her voice just a bit that made it seem this was some sort of racket .
“ And we pay the $ 10,000 closing costs for you , as well .
It ’s a win-win situation . ”
Win -win , indeed .
If you bought Braeburn ’s largest home at base price , you ’d pay nothing up front and have more than $ 5,000 left over for some new furniture , a 40 - inch LCD TV and a weekend trip to Disneyland .
Homeowners have never been offered a better deal , but many wo n’t hold on to their purchases for very long .
It is common real estate industry knowledge that the less a buyer puts on a down payment , the more likely that buyer is to default .
But no one seems to care , not the banks and not our government .
In fact , Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd , a hardworking bank - shilling Democrat , has been pushing to increase access to FHA by making them available anyone , and not just first - time homeowners .
He also wants to push the new - home federal tax credit to $ 15,000 .
Under the guise of helping economic recovery , the bill is really a multidimentional wealth transfer , funding bank profits with taxpayer money while cutting taxes ( tax credit is just another way of reducing tax revenue ) .
This plan has received wide support .
The whole racket is so crude and so obviously doomed to end in disaster that papers like the Wall Street Journal , normally a champion of Thatcherite houseowning , have tried to blow the whistle :
The Next Housing Bust Everyone knows how loose mortgage underwriting led to the go - go days of multitrillion - dollar subprime lending .
What is n’t well known is that a parallel subprime market has emerged over the past year — all made possible by the Federal Housing Administration .
This also wo n’t end happily for taxpayers or the housing market .
Last year , banks issued $ 180 billion of new mortgages insured by the FHA , which means they carry a 100 percent taxpayer guarantee .
Many of these have the same characteristics as subprime loans : low down payment requirements , high - risk borrowers , and in many cases , shady mortgage originators .
FHA now insures nearly 1 of every 3 new mortgages , up from 2 percent in 2006 .
The financial results so far are not as dire as those created by the subprime frenzy of 2004 - 2007 , but taxpayer losses are mounting on its $ 562 billion portfolio .
According to Mortgage Bankers Association data , more than 1 in 8 FHA loans is now delinquent — nearly triple the rate on conventional , non-subprime loan portfolios .
Another 7.5 percent of recent FHA loans are in “ serious delinquency , ” which means at least three months overdue .
The FHA is almost certainly going to need a taxpayer bailout in the months ahead .
The only debate is how much it will cost .
By law , FHA must carry a 2 percent reserve ( or a 50 - to - 1 leverage rate ) , and it is now 3 percent and falling .
Some experts see bailout costs from $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion or more , depending on how long the recession lasts .
Private profits , public risk .
It is a lurid example of the New Capitalism at work , exposing the cannibalistic nature of our society .
Even the institutions created to serve the interests of the public have been perverted into instruments of theft .
Business
Week , another conservative financial outlet , was actually warning about the FHA scam back in 2008 :
For generations , these loans , backed by the Federal Housing Administration , have offered working - class families a legitimate means to purchase their own homes .
But now there ’s a severe danger that aggressive lenders and brokers schooled in the rash ways of the subprime industry will overwhelm the FHA with loans for people unlikely to make their payments .
Exacerbating matters , FHA officials seem oblivious to what ’s happening — or incapable of stopping it .
They ’re giving mortgage firms licenses to dole out 100 percent - insured loans despite lender records blotted by state sanctions , bankruptcy filings , civil lawsuits and even criminal convictions .
More Bad Debt
As a result , the nation could soon suffer a fresh wave of defaults and foreclosures , with Washington obliged to respond with yet another gargantuan bailout .
Inside Mortgage Finance , a research and newsletter firm in Bethesda , Md. , estimates that over the next five years , fresh loans backed by the FHA that go sour will cost taxpayers $ 100 billion or more .
That ’s on top of the $ 700 billion financial - system rescue Congress has already approved .
Gary E. Lacefield , a former federal mortgage investigator who now runs Risk Mitigation Group , a consultancy in Arlington , Texas , predicts : “ Within the next 12 to 18 months , there is going to be FHA - insurance Armageddon . ”
Yet the FHA scam goes on , despite these warnings , for the simple reason that it ’s the only thing driving an otherwise moribund real estate market .
Without these FHA loans , the whole thing would collapse , sooner rather than later .
The Business Week piece was published seven months ago .
That leaves five months , more or less , before the Armageddon it predicts .
But for now , this racket — and the couple of trillion dollars pumped into the financial sector — are showing borderline modest results .
On average , pending home sales rose by 6.7 percent in April .
That ’s its highest level since September and the sharpest increase in seven years .
In Victorville , new housing developments are being kept inflated at slightly below 2004 price levels .
There has been a slight increase in demand for new homes , too , causing some builders to start raising prices .
A KB Homes development not far from where I live has sold all its lots , raised prices by about 1 percent and even started a new development — smaller , and with less flash , more in sync with the depressed market — that will start selling homes sometime this fall .
Even Home Depot said its earnings for the month of May were better than expected .
But if you walk just one block over from the booming Braeburn community , a whole row of homes stands empty .
It is a grim reminder of the massive shadow inventory of foreclosed homes no one wants to think about .
New - home values are being inflated , but existing homes are becoming increasingly worthless .
In bubble cities all across California , real estate has fallen below 1989 levels .
Median Home Prices Drop Below 1989 Levels in Some Parts of Southland Properties in several areas are selling for less than they did 20 years ago , and that ’s not including inflation .
Some first - time buyers are nabbing houses for less than what their parents paid .
By Peter Y. Hong June 10 , 2009
In parts of Southern California , the housing crash has upended a basic tenet of the American dream : that home values always increase over the long term .
Properties in several areas are selling for less than they did 20 years ago , and that ’s not even counting the effects of inflation .
The government is knowingly flooding the market with homes at inflated prices , setting young families up for default and massively increasing taxpayers ’ exposure to more toxic debt … and for what ?
It ’s all about taking care of the banking and finance industry .
Bush was responsible for widening the scope of FHA loans with his “ HOPE for Homeowners ” program , pledging to make $ 300 billion available for FHA - backed refinancing that would ’ve helped 400,000 families avoid foreclosure .
But the program seemed to be more about coming up with a legitimate reason for getting as many lenders approved to take part in the racket as quickly as possible than actually helping people refinance their homes .
Six months after HOPE was signed into law , only one homeowner had successfully refinanced with the program .
At the same time , the number of FHA - approved lenders doubled from around 16,000 to 36,000 .
It was perfect timing , as many of them were subprime lenders looking for a new gig .
Here ’s Business
Week again :
FHA “ faces a tsunami ” in the form of ex-subprime lenders who favor aggressive sales tactics and sometimes engage in outright fraud , says Kenneth M. Donohue Sr. , the inspector general for the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
“ I am very concerned that the same players who brought us problems in the subprime area are now reconstituting themselves and bringing loans into the FHA portfolio , ” he adds .
FHA staffing has remained roughly level over the past five years , at just under 1,000 employees , even as that tsunami has been building , Donohue points out .
The FHA unit that approves new lenders , recertifies existing ones and oversees quality assurance has only five slots ; two of those were vacant this fall , according to HUD ’s Web site .
Former housing officials say lender evaluations sometimes amount to little more than a brief phone call , which helps explain why questionable ex-subprime operations can reinvent themselves and gain approval .
So here we are .
Subprime 2.0 .
Just like the last subprime bubble , it might help the economy in the short term ; real - estate industry profits will soar , developers will keep the construction business running , and banks will look more solvent and inspire confidence in the economy , which will help keep the bubble inflated .
But it wo n’t last .
The second contraction will come , and when it does , it ’ll be bigger and badder than ever .
And the government bailout will come straight out of our pensions and health care .
This article was first published on Alternet.org .
Yasha Levine is a McMansion - inhabitin ’ editor of The eXiled .
He is currently stationed in Victorville , California .
You can contact him at levine@exiledonline.com .
Randy Ray Richardson has had one brush with the law after another since resigning from the Multnomah County district attorney 's office nine years ago .
Until Wednesday , he had always emerged unscathed .
But a tape recording of a 73 - year - old woman speaking from her death bed helped convince a jury that Richardson was guilty of theft and fraud .
A Multnomah County jury agreed that Richardson swindled Margaret Patton out of her $ 224,500 house .
Jurors voted 10 - 2 to find Richardson guilty of first - degree aggravated theft and 11 - 1 to find him guilty of deceiving the woman to get her to sign documents deeding her house to her nephew .
Richardson -- who was a prosecutor for six years -- resigned in 2000 from the DA 's office when he was under investigation for taking part in a pyramid scheme .
He was never charged .
Former colleagues say he was a talented attorney with great flair in the courtroom .
They were startled by his downfall .
Accusations of wrongdoing dogged him in private practice , from bribing a witness to burglarizing a former girlfriend 's home .
Richardson , 39 , showed no emotion as the verdict was read Wednesday and declined to comment , saying he needed time to absorb the shock .
The jury also found Eric Joe Penn , 50 , guilty of the same charges .
Prosecutors argued that Penn called his friend Richardson to help him get his aunt 's house .
Deputy district attorneys from Clackamas County prosecuted the case to avoid any appearance of bias .
During the two - week trial , prosecutors Scott Healy and Patrick Flanagan said Richardson and Penn went to the nursing home to fleece Patton , who had dementia and was dying of cancer that had spread to her brain .
Prosecutors said Patton was heavily sedated on morphine at the time .
A nurse testified that she told Penn and Richardson that Patton was n't in any condition to sign legal documents .
The nurse said Penn told her to leave the room .
The prosecution played a tape of Patton , which was recorded several days after she signed over her house to Penn .
Patton said she was tricked :
She thought she was signing papers that would allow her to go home to die , not to deed the house to Penn .
The three granddaughters who were raised by Patton testified that they had never met Penn and that their grandmother had never mentioned the nephew .
" All of a sudden , Eric Penn is visiting her out of the blue , and she 's his favorite auntie , " Healy said .
Penn 's attorney , Catherine Wollam , said Penn was only trying to help Patton , who felt abandoned by her family and was desperate to go home .
She said the ailing woman offered to give her house to her nephew if Penn would take her home .
Wollam said Patton had been wearing the same clothes for four days when Penn arrived in mid-July for a visit .
Patton signed over the house to Penn , and he made good on his promise by taking her home , Wollam said .
" He had the deed in his pocket , " Wollam said .
" He did n't have to do another thing . "
But prosecutors argued that Penn did n't care about the dying woman 's wishes , because he sent her back to the nursing home the next day .
Penn 's attorney said that was because Patton refused to take her painkillers .
Richardson 's attorney , Lawrence Matasar , argued that Patton was clear - headed when Richardson was brought in and that she told him she did n't want to be in the nursing home .
He said that Patton told Richardson she did n't want other family members to get her belongings .
" Mr. Richardson was told by Margaret Patton not to trust her grandchildren .
... " ' They 're just after my money , ' " Matasar said .
Prosecutors strongly disputed that , saying Patton 's granddaughters loved her dearly and visited her daily .
The family eventually won back the house by court order .
Prosecutors plan to ask " significant time " in prison for both Richardson and Penn .
Penn has a criminal history that includes assault with a gun .
Richardson has had many run-ins with the law in Oregon but no convictions .
In 2002 , he was accused of holding a woman by her throat , but Richardson argued she had exaggerated , and the case was dropped .
In 2005 , he was caught on surveillance video striking a woman so hard she was knocked to the floor of a parking garage , but she did n't press charges .
Richardson was acquitted of charges of bribing a witness in 2006 .
The Oregon State Bar is seeking to disbar Richardson .
-- Aimee Green ; aimeegreen@news.oregonian.com
The former co-owner of a Perth chicken business is on trial in the Supreme Court , accused of murdering his boyfriend .
Gerardus Heijne , 45 , is alleged to have strangled Frank Cianciosi , 51 , at their luxury apartment in East Perth in January last year .
The two men were the master franchisees of the Lenard 's chicken chain in Western Australia .
Prosecutors allege Mr Heinje committed the murder because he was obsessed with a 19 - year - old man and Mr Cianciosi stood in the way of his future with the teenager .
Mr Heijne has pleaded not guilty .
The trial is set down for three weeks .
June 5 , 2009
Adam Turl examines the lives of the 10 richest people in the U.S. -- and uncovers a rogue 's gallery of serial polluters , budget - slashers , CIA contractors , union - busters and right - wing nuts .
BACK IN February -- when even the mainstream media was convinced the capitalist economy was in full - blown meltdown mode -- Newsweek magazine ran an article titled " Why there wo n't be a revolution . "
Newsweek wanted to reassure the rich -- and convince working people -- that the masses were n't getting ready to dust off their pitchforks and head to the town square .
" Americans might get angry sometimes , " they wrote , " but we do n't hate the rich .
We prefer to laugh at them . "
Newsweek could n't be more wrong .
The 10 percent of Americans who rely on food stamps , the 25 percent of Ohioans who are waiting in lines at food banks , the 500,000 people who lost their jobs last month and the millions more who can't find work -- these people are n't laughing .
And plenty of Americans - - rightly - - hate the rich .
While our homes go into foreclosure , while our credit card rates go up , while our jobs disappear and college tuition shoots up , the well - heeled " masters of the universe " on Wall Street are still making out like bandits , but now with hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer money , courtesy of the Obama administration .
A lot more people would be even angrier if the mainstream media reported the truth about the rich and powerful in America -- who they are and how they " made it " to the top .
Consider the 10 richest people in the country as of last September , according to the annual Forbes magazine list .
Number 10-9
The Koch Brothers
Charles Koch ( $ 19 billion ) and David Koch ( $ 19 billion )
Studies show that the most likely job of any child is that of their parents .
If your mom or dad is a janitor , you 're more likely to be a janitor than anything else , according to the statistics .
Charles and David Koch are no exception to the rule - - only much luckier .
Like their father , Fred Koch , they run the largest privately owned energy company in the U.S. Koch Industries -- with annual revenues nearing $ 100 billion -- is also one of the biggest polluters in history .
Fred founded Koch Industries in 1940 , and during the Second World War , he made a bundle helping the USSR 's ruler Joseph Stalin build up an energy infrastructure in his country .
After the war , however , Fred " saw the light " and became one of the founders of the right - wing anti-Communist John Birch Society , which helped whip up a hysteria during the McCarthyite witch - hunts of the 1950s .
Featured at Socialism Hear Adam Turl at Socialism 2009 in Chicago , speaking on " An Injury to One Is an Injury to All : The Wobblies " Check out the Socialism 2009 Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
When Charles and David took over the family business , they also took over dad 's right - wing political projects .
The Koch Brothers fund a host of conservative groups through the Koch Family Foundations .
They founded the pro-corporate libertarian Cato Institute , and David Koch was the vice - presidential candidate of the Libertarian Party in 1980 .
The brothers also provide money to Americans for Prosperity , the outfit that helped organize the right - wing " tea parties " earlier this year and that toured non-plumber Samuel Wurzelbacher ( a.k.a. Joe the Plumber ) through Pennsylvania to present a " working - class " speaker against the Employee Free Choice Act , legislation that would make it easier for working people to organize unions .
Number 8
Michael Bloomberg
Net worth : $ 20 billion
Before more or less buying the New York City mayor 's office ( so far , he 's spent just under $ 150 million on his mayoral campaigns ) , Michael Bloomberg accrued his fortune by wiring the country 's financial system through his software services company .
Bloomberg LP's " Market Master " terminals helped make possible the complex computerized trading that became commonplace before the 2008 financial crash .
But the recession has been good to Bloomberg , too .
Since 2007 , he went from " only " 147th on the list of richest Americans to eighth place .
Bloomberg tries to present the image of a philanthroper and down - to - earth businessman , but his reign has proved to be a disaster for poor and working - class New Yorkers .
He has given millions of dollars to charities in New York City , but the sum is paltry compared to his overall net worth -- and his contributions have also tied up city nonprofits with the political interests of the billionaire mayor .
Bloomberg likes to tout the fact that he does n't live in Gracie Mansion -- the traditional home of New York City mayors -- but aside from his apartment in Manhattan , he owns multiple homes in Britain and Bermuda .
As mayor , he 's pushed through massive service cuts and layoffs in New York City ( even before the onset of the current crisis ) , closing down day care centers , health clinics and worse .
Now , claiming a $ 500 million budget shortfall - - which he could easily cover himself and still be a multibillionaire -- he plans more painful cuts .
In truth , Bloomberg is n't the mayor of the majority of New Yorkers .
He 's the mayor of moneyed Wall Street interests .
Number 7 - 4
The Waltons
Christy Walton ( $ 23.2 billion ) , Alice Walton ( $ 23.2 billion ) , Sam Robson Walton ( $ 23.3 billion ) , Jim Walton ( $ 23.4 billion )
The Waltons earned their money the old - fashioned way -- they inherited it .
They struck it rich when papa Sam Walton , founder of the low - wage union - busting Wal - Mart chain , kicked the bucket .
Wal - Mart is the largest corporation in the world -- so Sam Walton 's heirs are some of the wealthiest people in the world .
As labor author Nelson Lichtenstein described the company :
With sales approaching $ 300 billion a year , Wal - Mart has revenues larger than those of Switzerland .
It operates more than 5,000 stores worldwide , more than 80 percent of them in the United States ... It employs more than 1.5 million workers around the globe , making Wal - Mart the largest private employer in Mexico , Canada and the United States .
Wal - Mart became the behemoth it is today by driving down the wages of its own employees -- and by using its weight in the market to pressure suppliers to drive down wages for their workers .
Prior to Wal - Mart 's rise , labor comprised about 30 percent of total costs for an average retail company .
Wal - Mart drove down labor 's share to 15 percent .
One important way Sam Walton did this was by fostering a corporate culture of messianic opposition to labor unions .
Wal - Mart managers are under constant pressure to keep the union out .
When unions do get a foothold -- as they did recently in Quebec and Mexico , and 10 years ago with butchers at a Wal - Mart in Jacksonville , Texas -- the company has closed down stores , or in the case of the butchers , simply abolished the department .
The impact on employees is obvious .
Only a minority of " associates " is covered by the company health care plan , and Wal - Mart was publicly embarrassed by revelations that it encouraged workers to go on welfare to subsidize their meager wages and benefits .
In the 1950s -- the era of the so - called " American Dream " -- General Motors was the largest employer in the country .
Strong unions helped GM workers win decent wages and good benefits .
The contrast with Wal - Mart could n't be greater .
As Lichtenstein observes :
During its heyday , factory managers at GM - - hard - driving men in charge of 2,000 to 3,000 workers -- took home about five times as much as an ordinary production employee .
At Wal - Mart , district store managers -- in charge of about the same number of workers -- earn more than 10 times that of the average full - time hourly employee ...
In 1950 , GM President Charles E. Wilson ... earned about 140 times more than an assembly line worker , while H. Lee Scott , the Wal - Mart CEO in 2003 , took home at least 1,500 times that of one of his full - time hourly employees .
Of course , the Walton kids -- who are flush with cash and still own more than a third of the company -- live the good life .
Some enjoy their vast wealth full time , while others have roles in the low - wage retail empire .
Sam Walton has been chairman of the company -- and daughter Alice is the family 's political activist .
In 2004 , Alice donated $ 2.6 million to the right - wing outfit Progress for America , which ran ads supporting the Iraq War and thanking George W. Bush for supposedly preventing another 9/11 - style attack on American soil .
One of Alice 's hobbies is horses .
Another is reckless driving .
In 1996 , she was fined $ 925 for a DUI .
In 1989 , she struck and killed a 50 - year - old woman in Arkansas .
No charges were filed .
Number 3
Larry Ellison
Net worth : $ 27 billion
It 's the mid-1970s .
There was just a wave of wildcat strikes across the country -- and memories of the 1960s are still fresh in everyone 's minds .
In San Francisco , Harvey Milk is leading protests for gay rights .
Women have won abortion rights with the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision .
The CIA recently aided in overthrowing the government of socialist Salvador Allende in Chile -- and bringing to power the military dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
What would you be doing if you were young back then ?
Protesting ?
Organizing a rank - and - file caucus in your union ?
Not Larry Ellison .
Ellison was networking CIA computer databases for the Ampex Corp . -- under the codename " Oracle . "
In 1977 , Ellison formed his own company , and he named it , of all things , Oracle .
His first clients were Wright Patterson Air Force Base and the CIA .
Aside from doing IT work for coup - plotters and assassins , Ellison struck it rich by profiting off other people 's ideas .
The crucial innovation for networking computer databases was actually pioneered by scientists at IBM who could n't figure out how to make money off their research .
Ellison could -- and he 's been raking in the cash ever since .
But billions of dollars is n't always enough for Larry Ellison 's extravagant lifestyle .
According to leaked letters and documents from his lawyer , Ellison is regularly maxed out on his billion - dollar credit limit .
This , seemingly , is due to his penchant for buying multiple homes and yachts -- one yacht cost him $ 194 million .
Ellison spends upwards of $ 20 million a year on " miscellaneous lifestyle expenses , " according to those documents .
He lives on a sprawling estate modeled on a traditional Japanese village .
For good measure , he also owns an actual villa in Japan ( cost : $ 25 million ) .
Not only did Ellison do computer work for the CIA , and not only does he live like a latter - day Nero , but he also might be a " common criminal . "
In 2001 , he was alleged to have dumped 29 million shares of Oracle stock on the basis of insider information -- netting $ 900 million -- just before the stock price fell .
Number 2
Warren Buffet
Net worth : $ 50 billion
Warren Buffet has a reputation -- especially after his support for Barack Obama in last year 's presidential election -- as a liberal billionaire .
He 's pledged to give 85 percent of his wealth to charity -- after he dies , of course .
He supports taxes on inheritance and lives in the same Nebraska home he bought in 1958 .
But Buffet -- born into relative wealth and privilege - - is n't really very different from other billionaires .
He grew up the son of a stockbroker and U.S. congressman .
By age 11 , he was working at his father 's brokerage house .
By 14 , he owned 40 acres of land that he rented out to tenement farmers .
In the 1960s , Buffet bought a textile company -- Berkshire Hathaway -- and turned it into a holding company , based on the " concept " of buying undervalued stocks and selling them when their values increased .
In other words , he built his fortune on speculation .
The company -- now Buffet Associates Ltd. -- stopped producing textiles long ago , instead investing in insurance outfits like GEICO and AIG , corporations like Coca Cola , and media outlets / military contractors like the Washington Post , ABC and General Electric ( which owns NBC ) .
Buffet 's supposed " liberalism " has a lot of limits , both in business and politics .
In 2003 , he was an economic adviser to the budget - cutting candidate for governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Buffet once famously quipped , " I 'll tell you why I like the cigarette business .
It costs a penny to make .
Sell it for a dollar .
It 's addictive .
And there 's fantastic brand loyalty . "
His relatively Spartan lifestyle ( for a billionaire , anyway ) also has limits .
In 1989 , he bought a private jet for $ 10 million and christened it The Indefensible .
His attitude toward his wealth - - for all his supposed philanthropy -- is also indefensible :
I do n't have a problem with guilt about money .
The way I see it is that my money represents an enormous number of claim checks on society .
It 's like I have these little pieces of paper that I can turn into consumption .
If I wanted to , I could hire 10,000 people to do nothing but paint my picture everyday for the rest of my life .
Number 1
Bill Gates
Net worth : $ 52 billion
Bill Gates III is regularly held up as an example of a rich person who actually earned his wealth -- the Horatio Alger of computer software .
The co-founder of Microsoft , we 're told , made his way up from college dropout to running one the most successful corporations in history through hard work and intelligence .
And he then retired to a life of magnanimous and progressive philanthropy .
The only problem with this story is that it 's just that -- a story .
The modesty of Gates ' upbringing is greatly exaggerated .
His father was a successful attorney , and his grandfather was the president of a national bank .
While Gates did drop out of Harvard to found Microsoft ( thanks to a loan from his family ) , it was n't his skills for software development that made him rich , but his " genius " in taking other people 's ideas and marketing them .
Since effectively cornering the market for PC operating systems , Microsoft 's primary goal has been to maintain its predominant position and drive potential competitors out of business .
The mythmaking continues when it comes to Gates ' philanthropy .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is widely cited as a symbol of Gates ' sense of social responsibility , funding projects to provide health care and AIDS treatment in places like Africa .
But a Los Angeles Times investigation in 2007 showed the darker side of the fund .
" [ A]t least $ 8.7 billion , or 41 percent of its assets , not including U.S. and foreign government securities ... have been in companies that countered the foundation 's charitable goals or socially concerned philosophy , " the Times reported .
For example , the foundation has stock from corporations " ranked among the worst U.S. and Canadian polluters , including ConocoPhillips , Dow Chemical Co. and Tyco International Ltd , " wrote the Times .
The Gates fund invests in " many of the world 's other major polluters , including companies that own an oil refinery and one that owns a paper mill , which a study shows sicken children [ in a Nigerian town ] while the foundation tries to save their parents from AIDS . "
Then there 's the " pharmaceutical companies that price drugs beyond the reach of AIDS patients the foundation is trying to treat , " the Times reported .
Like most rich philanthropists , Gates gives with one hand -- and takes far more with the other .
EVEN BEFORE the economic crisis began , inequality had already risen to levels not seen in the U.S. since the eve of the 1930s Great Depression .
In the 2000s , family income declined for the first time in decades , while those at the very top became richer and richer .
Ultimately , this wealth came from squeezing it out of the vast majority of people in the U.S. and around the world .
The rich became richer by making workers work harder for less .
Now that we 're in a severe recession , hourly wages are declining , unemployment is skyrocketing and , without a social safety net , workers are cutting back -- not on luxuries like Warren Buffet 's private jet , or Larry Ellison 's personal armada , but on necessities like food , housing , education and health care .
What should make us most angry is that it does n't have to be this way .
The immense wealth of society does n't have to be wasted on these parasites .
It could be democratically controlled by the working - class people who produced it in the first place , and used to meet human needs .
The good news is that people 's attitudes are changing .
In early April , for example , a CBS News / New York Times poll showed that 74 percent of Americans favor increasing taxes on the rich .
( Revolutionary socialists , of course , favor taxing the rich out of existence ) .
In the months and years to come , more and more people may be ready to head down to the town square after all -- and protest a society of obscene inequality .
World now at the start of 2009 influenza pandemic
Dr Margaret Chan
Director - General of the World Health Organization
Ladies and gentlemen ,
In late April , WHO announced the emergence of a novel influenza A virus .
This particular H1N1 strain has not circulated previously in humans .
The virus is entirely new .
The virus is contagious , spreading easily from one person to another , and from one country to another .
As of today , nearly 30,000 confirmed cases have been reported in 74 countries .
This is only part of the picture .
With few exceptions , countries with large numbers of cases are those with good surveillance and testing procedures in place .
Spread in several countries can no longer be traced to clearly - defined chains of human - to - human transmission .
Further spread is considered inevitable .
I have conferred with leading influenza experts , virologists , and public health officials .
In line with procedures set out in the International Health Regulations , I have sought guidance and advice from an Emergency Committee established for this purpose .
On the basis of available evidence , and these expert assessments of the evidence , the scientific criteria for an influenza pandemic have been met .
I have therefore decided to raise the level of influenza pandemic alert from phase 5 to phase 6 .
The world is now at the start of the 2009 influenza pandemic .
We are in the earliest days of the pandemic .
The virus is spreading under a close and careful watch .
No previous pandemic has been detected so early or watched so closely , in real - time , right at the very beginning .
The world can now reap the benefits of investments , over the last five years , in pandemic preparedness .
We have a head start .
This places us in a strong position .
But it also creates a demand for advice and reassurance in the midst of limited data and considerable scientific uncertainty .
Thanks to close monitoring , thorough investigations , and frank reporting from countries , we have some early snapshots depicting spread of the virus and the range of illness it can cause .
We know , too , that this early , patchy picture can change very quickly .
The virus writes the rules and this one , like all influenza viruses , can change the rules , without rhyme or reason , at any time .
Globally , we have good reason to believe that this pandemic , at least in its early days , will be of moderate severity .
As we know from experience , severity can vary , depending on many factors , from one country to another .
On present evidence , the overwhelming majority of patients experience mild symptoms and make a rapid and full recovery , often in the absence of any form of medical treatment .
Worldwide , the number of deaths is small .
Each and every one of these deaths is tragic , and we have to brace ourselves to see more .
However , we do not expect to see a sudden and dramatic jump in the number of severe or fatal infections .
We know that the novel H1N1 virus preferentially infects younger people .
In nearly all areas with large and sustained outbreaks , the majority of cases have occurred in people under the age of 25 years .
In some of these countries , around 2 % of cases have developed severe illness , often with very rapid progression to life - threatening pneumonia .
Most cases of severe and fatal infections have been in adults between the ages of 30 and 50 years .
This pattern is significantly different from that seen during epidemics of seasonal influenza , when most deaths occur in frail elderly people .
Many , though not all , severe cases have occurred in people with underlying chronic conditions .
Based on limited , preliminary data , conditions most frequently seen include respiratory diseases , notably asthma , cardiovascular disease , diabetes , autoimmune disorders , and obesity .
At the same time , it is important to note that around one third to half of the severe and fatal infections are occurring in previously healthy young and middle - aged people .
Without question , pregnant women are at increased risk of complications .
This heightened risk takes on added importance for a virus , like this one , that preferentially infects younger age groups .
Finally , and perhaps of greatest concern , we do not know how this virus will behave under conditions typically found in the developing world .
To date , the vast majority of cases have been detected and investigated in comparatively well - off countries .
Let me underscore two of many reasons for this concern .
First , more than 99 % of maternal deaths , which are a marker of poor quality care during pregnancy and childbirth , occurs in the developing world .
Second , around 85 % of the burden of chronic diseases is concentrated in low - and middle - income countries .
Although the pandemic appears to have moderate severity in comparatively well - off countries , it is prudent to anticipate a bleaker picture as the virus spreads to areas with limited resources , poor health care , and a high prevalence of underlying medical problems .
Ladies and gentlemen ,
A characteristic feature of pandemics is their rapid spread to all parts of the world .
In the previous century , this spread has typically taken around 6 to 9 months , even during times when most international travel was by ship or rail .
Countries should prepare to see cases , or the further spread of cases , in the near future .
Countries where outbreaks appear to have peaked should prepare for a second wave of infection .
Guidance on specific protective and precautionary measures has been sent to ministries of health in all countries .
Countries with no or only a few cases should remain vigilant .
Countries with widespread transmission should focus on the appropriate management of patients .
The testing and investigation of patients should be limited , as such measures are resource intensive and can very quickly strain capacities .
WHO has been in close dialogue with influenza vaccine manufacturers .
I understand that production of vaccines for seasonal influenza will be completed soon , and that full capacity will be available to ensure the largest possible supply of pandemic vaccine in the months to come .
Pending the availability of vaccines , several non-pharmaceutical interventions can confer some protection .
WHO continues to recommend no restrictions on travel and no border closures .
Influenza pandemics , whether moderate or severe , are remarkable events because of the almost universal susceptibility of the world ’s population to infection .
We are all in this together , and we will all get through this , together .
Thank you .
Human reason has this peculiar fate , ” Immanuel Kant wrote in 1781 , “ that in one species of its knowledge it is burdened by questions which , as prescribed by the very nature of reason itself , it is not able to ignore , but which , as transcending all its powers , it is also not able to answer . ”
He was talking about the way reason can speculate about , and yet not know , the ideas that transcend it .
For some philosophers , consciousness — what Kant called the self — counts as one of these ideas .
We can no more illuminate the nature of our selfhood than , as in a celebrated metaphor sketched by Julian Jaynes , a flashlight can illuminate its own structure .
The limit of reflection lies at the margin where reflection is made possible .
Still , philosophers are nothing if not persistent in the face of a challenge .
Even though one fairly influential contemporary school of thought — called , with a nod to the one - hit wonders who gave us “ 96 Tears , ” the New Mysterians — has concluded that consciousness can never be known , it remains the holy grail of philosophy .
From arcane European layerings ( Husserl , Heidegger , Derrida ) to aggressive reductionist or eliminativist accounts ( the mainstream of today ’s analytic tradition ) , everybody has a view of what makes consciousness possible .
Few works set out quite so expressly ( or , one might add , arrogantly ) to settle the question as Daniel Dennett did in his 1991 book Consciousness Explained , but one way or another , they ’re all in the business of explaining consciousness .
At the risk of making an unsafe generalization — a prerogative of the conscious mind — I will say that there are just two interesting nonmaterialist threads in the recent literature , one on each side of the mainstream consensus .
The first emphasizes the functional redundancy of consciousness :
In evolutionary and behaviorist terms , there is no need for the sense of self , the first - person inwardness , that you and I cherish so much .
The most vivid version of this claim has spawned , via a sort of evil - genius thought experiment , the concept of the philosophical zombie .
These are not the mute , staggering monsters of cinema ; rather , they are creatures who behave exactly like humans in all the observable ways — but without the addition of what we like to call inner lives .
In the words of David Large , these zombies “ spend a lot of time discussing their thoughts and maybe their ‘ feelings ’ , display conscious behaviour , use a rich vocabulary , and may even hold day schools and write books on being human and philosophical zombies . ”
Philosophical zombies talk about thoughts and feelings , in other words , but do n’t have them ; the lights are on but nobody ’s home .
( Who has not had this feeling about other people now and then , perhaps while on the subway ? )
And notice that these zombies would be exactly as successful as nonzombies in evolutionary terms — topping the food chain , driving cars , shopping , polluting the planet , what have you .
The resulting view , wherein consciousness is distinct from material reality but unnecessary to it , is called epiphenomenalism .
Hard - line materialists find even this too much .
For them , consciousness must be explained entirely as a function of matter , not as even theoretically distinct from it .
Materialist accounts have many nuances , but their central tenet is that the world is made of matter , not mind , and what we call the conscious self is some species of more or less interesting fiction : a center of narrative gravity , maybe , or a “ user illusion ” the way your computer ’s friendly graphical user interface hides the lines of code that are its reality .
Flanking the center on the other side is the current version of phenomenology , the idea that selves are embodied consciousnesses .
This position emphasizes that matter and mind are not distinct ( contrary to what Descartes disastrously concluded ) and , being not distinct , not subject to either an epiphenomenal or a materialist “ solution . ”
Persons have horizons of meaning , and we can only understand human life , including things like art and architecture but also science and evolutionary biology , in terms of projects of significance extended over time .
( For the record , my sympathies lie in this quarter , especially as consciousness is lodged in space , place , and built forms . )
For the most part , finding allegiances among these positions and their dozens of intramural subdivisions , themselves often acrimonious , is a matter of philosophical character .
You have to choose , and defend your choice , on the basis of reasons .
Two recent books , one by a science writer and one by a cognitive - science philosopher , seem prompted by a different impulse , itself framed as a zeitgeistig gesture .
Materialists say the self is an illusion , but that turns out to be OK .
Science , these books suggest , need n’t take the mystery out of life ; it can preserve and even enhance the mystery !
Thomas Metzinger ’s
The Ego Tunnel is presented as “ a stunningly original view of consciousness , ” which it certainly is not .
His main view , that the self is an emergent property of the human brain as its sensory array negotiates the physical world , is uncontroversial among most philosophers .
What is new is his metaphor , the tunnel , which he argues best represents the partial and skewed way a given brain does this .
Discussing experiments in neuroscience involving phantom - limb awareness and lucid dreaming , he concludes that the tunnel we each dig through reality is open to conscious revision and changes in direction .
We can actively shift or expand our tunnels , as long as we are prepared to move away from the entrenched idea that the self is fixed .
Well , I guess so , though this ca n’t help sounding a bit Dianetical .
Personally , I would be happier to see ways of shifting behavior on a more collective level , reducing resource consumption , say , or finding ways to make dangerous ideas like religious fanaticism less appealing to so many people ’s ego tunnels .
Still , Metzinger is crisp in his arguments and has a keen appreciation of essential ideas :
Since there ’s nothing special about carbon - based life - forms , ego software can in theory be produced by any hardware ; consciousness must be understood as having a world , not just having awareness .
The book is both a good , if sometimes tendentious , overview of current philosophical thinking and a provocative , if sometimes goofy , speculation about future developments in the field .
The same cannot be said about James Le Fanu ’s Why Us ? , an accessible account of how “ two of the most ambitious scientific projects ever conceived have revealed , quite unexpectedly — and without anyone really noticing — that we are after all a mystery to ourselves . ”
The two projects are the attempt to account for genetic diversity and the attempt to explain how the brain supports the mind .
Le Fanu ’s tale is one of ambition curling back on itself :
The very desire to understand that prompted these scientific - research programs in the first place brings us back , like it or not , to the wonder of our mysterious selves .
It ’s a good story , well enough told , but its premises are false .
“ Scientists do not ‘ do ’ wonder , ” Le Fanu writes in his introduction .
“ Rather . . . they have interpreted the world through the prism of supposing there is nothing in principle that cannot be accounted for . ”
I cannot say whom he has in mind with that blithe collective “ scientists , ” but scientists of many kinds emphatically do “ do ” wonder , both as a basic impulse of investigation — the same astonishment before the world that , in ancient Greece , prompted the birth of philosophy — and as a conclusion .
Le Fanu has not been paying attention : Quantum mechanics and the unified field theory , not to mention genome mapping and the best neuroscience , are all about wonder .
The real trouble would seem to be the twinned assumption that “ science ” is always cold , conclusive , and reductive while “ wonder ” is loose , numinous , and awesome .
Neither notion survives scrutiny : Wonders do not cease just because we attempt to understand ourselves and our world , and real wonder is not mere stargazing but rather driven by that very same desire to understand : what Aristotle saw as the basis of all philosophy .
The particular target is Charles Darwin and the evolutionary orthodoxy Le Fanu feels dominates science — perhaps never more so than now , 150 years after the publication of On the Origin of Species .
Limit cases in genomics and neuroscience , he argues , undermine the authority of the Beagle voyager .
He concludes his book this way : “ Before long [ Darwin ] must fill that vacant chair in heaven alongside Marx and Freud , ” whose “ self - evidently erroneous theories ” are surprising , in retrospect , only because anyone was prepared to believe them even for one moment .
At this point , perhaps within ten years , “ the triumvirate will be complete . ”
For those keeping score , that ’s the well - known triumvirate of discredited crackpot global Victorian theories .
Avast ye , Darwin .
The analogy is strained if not simply absurd .
Darwin ’s ideas have influenced science , to the extent they have , because they satisfy the epistemic norms of any principled investigation : verifiability , fecundity , and explanatory power .
Where the ideas have not so satisfied , they have fallen away , as all such ideas do .
Freud and Marx desired a similar “ scientific ” status but did not achieve it , and we rightly divorce their important insights about mind and society from any ambition in the physical sciences .
Only in the English - speaking world is the idea represented by the word science both so monolithic and so physicalist .
Where is the equivalent in our tongue of the German distinction between Naturwissenschaften and Geisteswissenschaften ?
Le Fanu ’s book thus amounts to a new rhetorical form that we might call reverse scientism , whereby the hopes for science are raised artificially high in order to dash them to the ground .
Do n’t bother , unless that sort of exercise sounds like fun .
There is much more to chew on in Metzinger ’s experiments , and more still in the really creative contributions to these debates from phenomenologists and other dissenters from materialist orthodoxy , such as Ed Casey , Don Ihde , Andy Clark , and David Chalmers .
Now stop reading and go outside .
You ’ll see that your mind , illusion or fiction or mystery , is not all in your head .
Mark Kingwell is a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto and the author , most recently , of Concrete Reveries : Consciousness and the City ( Viking , 2008 ) and Opening Gambits : Essays on Art and Philosophy ( Key Porter Books , 2009 ) .
An Air Force F - 22 Raptor executes a supersonic flyby over the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis
The quick lens of U.S. Navy sonar technician Ronald Dejarnett was able to capture this Air Force F - 22 going supersonic over the Gulf of Alaska as the pilot did his best Top Gun flyby impression .
An Air Force F - 22 Raptor executes a supersonic flyby over the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis ( CVN 74 ) .
John C. Stennis is participating in Northern Edge 2009 , a joint exercise focusing on detecting and tracking units at sea , in the air and on land .
( U.S. Navy photo by Sonar Technician ( Surface ) 1st Class Ronald Dejarnett / Released )
Via Gizmodo and U.S. Navy
I think that it ’s absolutely despicable that a journalistic operation
did this .
The “ public interest ” figleaf they ’re using blows away the
second you consider that they ’ve made it easier for people to connect
the blog posts with real cases , not harder .
I ’ve seen journalists in several places saying things to the effect
that this proves that anonymous whistleblowers should go to journalists
to expose things of public interest .
But it was journalists that
exposed NightJack .
So , the attitude seems to be : “ Nice story you ’ve got there , guv .
Better give it
to us , ‘ cos it ’d be a shame if your identity became public knowledge ,
would n’t it ? ”
That ’s a protection racket , and it ’s how organised criminal gangs work , not respected journalists .
No wonder the public have such disdain for us .
If you have no imaging software install on your desktop then no problem you can also Optimize your images online too Smush IT is the Best se ...
A study conducted by PRS , the British music royalty collection agency , looked into the downloading habits of the average user of file - sharing networks .
They found that the most downloaded tracks mimic the music charts .
That is , people tend to download music that 's already popular .
The outcome of the study is not really that much of a surprise , since nearly half of all Internet users download copyrighted music without permission , so we have to agree with the overall conclusion .
However , we do have problems with the authors ’ following argument that unsigned and new bands do n’t really profit from sharing their music online .
By sheer volume the number of downloads these lesser known bands accumulate might only be a fraction of those generated by the Britney Spears and Duffys of this world , but 10,000 downloads is pretty significant for developing artists .
Artists need to be heard in order to build a steady fanbase .
Revenue wise , most artists trying to earn a living making music only have a moderate income , and every fan counts .
Generally , they do n’t make much from album sales – contracts where the band / artist gets less than 10 % of the revenue are quite common .
Merchandising and playing gigs are the largest source of income , income that is generated by fans .
If the average artist can pick up a few hundred extra fans by giving away his music for free , this can make a huge difference .
This group might not be that interesting for the record labels and the royalty collectors , who tend to feed off the top 1 % of artists who are generally well marketed by million dollar budgets from the music industry .
Contrary to the conclusions of the PRS study , a special brand of ‘ pirates ’ are particularly interested in new and unsigned bands .
On the music tracker What.cd , which hosts almost 100,000 users , the most downloaded album ever is a compilation of unsigned artists .
Second is an album from The Flashbulb , with 10 times as many downloads as Britney Spears ’ Greatest Hits collection .
Similarly , on the music sharing website Jamendo thousands of artists are giving away their music for free .
Rob Costlow , one of the early adopters of the site told TorrentFreak that thanks to this free music model , he is able to make a living off his passion .
His most popular album on Jamendo was downloaded over 80,000 times while nearly half a million listened to it on the website .
So , even though the vast majority of the the users of file - sharing services download music from the top of the charts , there is undoubtedly a huge potential for new artists to market themselves through file - sharing .
Perhaps less interesting for the major labels who make most money off cleverly marketed top acts , but extremely valuable for the average artist trying to make a living off music .
Netbook users running Windows 7 Starter Edition better learn to enjoy Microsoft 's default desktop background , because that 's all they 're getting .
Windows 7 Starter Edition not only blocks end -users from swapping the original Windows - provided wallpaper , colors , and sound schemes - OEMs and partners are n't allowed into the personalization options either .
Within Windows blog first spotted the OEM restrictions , which El Reg has now confirmed with Microsoft .
Branding a PC 's default desktop has long been a common practice in the computer vendor biz .
With Starter Edition set to be a key Microsoft offering for netbooks running Windows 7 - its seems a bit odd Redmond is n't willing to throw OEMs a bone in this lucrative , emerging market .
According to Microsoft : " In Windows Starter Edition , OEMs must not modify or replace the Windows - provided background for Windows Welcome , the logon screen , or the desktop . "
Those wishing to gaze upon Teletubbies , grandchildren , hotrods or sweeping vistas on their desktop will be required to upgrade to Windows 7 Home Premium or higher .
At least Microsoft no longer plans on limiting the number of applications Starter Edition can run at once - so extremely desperate users can always fall back to running Notepad in the background for makeshift ASCII art .
Or is that too sad ?
Fortunately , it 's a safe bet anti-customization workarounds will be on the internet well before the finalized OS hits store shelves .
Look forward to walking your relatives through that process in the future .
So what 's the background graphic netbook users will be stuck with anyway ?
That 's a bit of a mystery .
Microsoft has n't yet released the final background artwork .
Note to Microsoft : want more people to upgrade to Home Premium ?
Think crying clowns and primary colors . ®
The Obama administration unveiled the most authoritative report to date on the effects of global warming in America today in an effort to persuade the public of the need to act now to prevent the sweeping and life - altering consequences of global warming .
Americans have been living with the heavy downpours , rising sea levels , and blistering summer heat waves produced by man-made climate change for 30 years said the report , which was produced by more than 30 scientists working across 13 government agencies .
The effects of climate change will be even more severe by the end of the century .
" The projected rapid rate and large amount of climate change over this century will challenge the ability of society and natural systems to adapt , " the report said .
Today 's release of the study , titled Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States , was overseen by a San Francisco - based media consulting company , and was part of a carefully crafted strategy by the White House to help build public support for a climate change bill that has run into opposition from some Democrats as well as Republicans in Congress .
The nearly 200 - page study was scrubbed of the usual scientific jargon , and was given a high - profile release by Obama 's science advisor , John Holdren , and the head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , Jane Lubchenco .
" I really believe this report is a game changer .
I think that much of the foot - dragging in addressing climate change is a reflection of the perception that climate change is way down the road in the future and it affects only remote parts of the world , " she told a press conference today .
" This report says climate change is happening now .
It is happening in our own back yard . "
Average temperatures in the US have risen by 1.5 F ( 0.8C ) over the last 50 years , the report said .
Rainfall in major storms has increased 20 % over the last 100 years - with the heaviest downpours in the north - east .
Sea levels have risen up to eight inches along some parts of the east coast .
The consequences of those changes are rippling through every region of the US between Alaska and Hawaii - from the disruption of salmon stocks and shift in butterfly migrations to rising incidence of asthma and now well - documented signs like increasingly deadly hurricanes and melting icecaps in the Arctic .
If today 's generation fails to act to reduce the carbon emissions that cause global warming , climate models suggest temperatures could rise as much as 11 F by the end of the century .
That translates into catastrophic consequences for human health and the economy such as more ferocious hurricanes in coastal regions - in the Pacific as well as the Atlantic , punishing droughts to the south - west , and increasingly severe winter storms in the north - east and around the Great Lakes .
The majority of North Carolina 's beaches would be swallowed up by the sea .
New England 's long and snowy winters might be cut short to as little as two weeks .
Summers in Chicago could be a time of repeated deadly heat waves .
Los Angelenos and residents of other big cities will be choking because of deteriorating air quality .
Future generations could face potential food shortages because of declining wheat and corn yields in the breadbasket of the mid-west , increased outbreaks of food poisoning and the spread of epidemic diseases .
The physical infrastructure could also be threatened with storm surges and sea level rises engulfing 2,400 miles of road and other key infrastructure on the Gulf coast .
Airports built on permafrost in Alaska will need to be relocated , the electrical grid will strain to meet the increased demand for air conditioning in summer , and ageing sewer systems will be brought to bursting point by heavy run-off in 770 American cities and towns .
" The most important thing in this report is that the impacts of climate change are not something your children might theoretically see 50 years from now , " said Tony Janetos , one of the study 's authors and a director of the Joint Global Change Research Institute at the University of Maryland .
" The thing that concerns me the most is that we have a whole host of impacts that we now observe in the natural world that are occurring sooner and more rapidly and that appear to be larger than we might have expected 10 years ago .
If anything we might have underestimated the rate and the impact of changes in the climate system . "
The study initially got under way when George Bush was president as part of a regular exercise mandated by Congress .
It was finalised in late April , but Obama administration officials spent several weeks planning today 's release , honing the language and graphics to make it accessible to non-scientists and to sharpen its core message : America must take action on climate change .
As part of the PR surrounding the release of the report , the administration approached the San Francisco consulting firm , Resource Media , which specialises in environmental campaigning , to produce a shorter and more digestible brochure of today 's report for wider public distribution .
On the morning of 16 April , at a meeting in Washington , more than 30 NOAA scientists , climate change experts from a number of universities , environmental activists and media strategists discussed how to engage various communities with the findings of the report - town mayors , religious groups , even kindergarten pupils .
" The implied message here is that we can either pay in a more controlled way to bring about changes in our energy system which we can do in a way which will [ have ] benefits for jobs ... or we can do nothing now but we are still going to have to pay in the longer term and the damages are far less controllable , " said Richard Moss , a former director of the US climate change science programme and vice - president for the World Wildlife Fund .
The release appeared timed to help Democratic leaders in Congress meet an ambitious target of passing a climate change bill through the House of Representatives by 26 June .
The Democratic speaker , Nancy Pelosi , wants to hold a vote before the House breaks up for the 4 July Independence Day holiday .
But the bill has been opposed by some Democratic members of Congress , especially those from agricultural states who say that putting limits on greenhouse gas emissions will hurt farmers ' economic interests .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 17 June 2009 .
We confused the absolute with the incremental in reporting that a rise in temperature of 1.5 F corresponds to an decrease of 17C .
It is a rise of 0.8C .
This has been corrected .
Should We Have an Expectation of Online Privacy ?
This essay appeared as the second half of a point / counterpoint with Marcus Ranum .
Marcus ’s half is here .
If your data is online , it is not private .
Oh , maybe it seems private .
Certainly , only you have access to your e-mail .
Well , you and your ISP .
And the sender ’s ISP .
And any backbone provider who happens to route that mail from the sender to you .
And , if you read your personal mail from work , your company .
And , if they have taps at the correct points , the NSA and any other sufficiently well - funded government intelligence organization — domestic and international .
You could encrypt your mail , of course , but few of us do that .
Most of us now use webmail .
The general problem is that , for the most part , your online data is not under your control .
Cloud computing and software as a service exacerbate this problem even more .
Your webmail is less under your control than it would be if you downloaded your mail to your computer .
If you use Salesforce.com , you ’re relying on that company to keep your data private .
If you use Google Docs , you ’re relying on Google .
This is why the Electronic Privacy Information Center recently filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission : many of us are relying on Google ’s security , but we do n’t know what it is .
This is new .
Twenty years ago , if someone wanted to look through your correspondence , he had to break into your house .
Now , he can just break into your ISP .
Ten years ago , your voicemail was on an answering machine in your office ; now it ’s on a computer owned by a telephone company .
Your financial accounts are on remote websites protected only by passwords ; your credit history is collected , stored , and sold by companies you do n’t even know exist .
And more data is being generated .
Lists of books you buy , as well as the books you look at , are stored in the computers of online booksellers .
Your affinity card tells your supermarket what foods you like .
What were cash transactions are now credit card transactions .
What used to be an anonymous coin tossed into a toll booth is now an EZ Pass record of which highway you were on , and when .
What used to be a face - to - face chat is now an e-mail , IM , or SMS conversation — or maybe a conversation inside Facebook .
Remember when Facebook recently changed its terms of service to take further control over your data ?
They can do that whenever they want , you know .
We have no choice but to trust these companies with our security and privacy , even though they have little incentive to protect them .
Neither ChoicePoint , Lexis Nexis , Bank of America , nor T - Mobile bears the costs of privacy violations or any resultant identity theft .
This loss of control over our data has other effects , too .
Our protections against police abuse have been severely watered down .
The courts have ruled that the police can search your data without a warrant , as long as others hold that data .
If the police want to read the e-mail on your computer , they need a warrant ; but they do n’t need one to read it from the backup tapes at your ISP .
This is n’t a technological problem ; it ’s a legal problem .
The courts need to recognize that in the information age , virtual privacy and physical privacy do n’t have the same boundaries .
We should be able to control our own data , regardless of where it is stored .
We should be able to make decisions about the security and privacy of that data , and have legal recourse should companies fail to honor those decisions .
And just as the Supreme Court eventually ruled that tapping a telephone was a Fourth Amendment search , requiring a warrant — even though it occurred at the phone company switching office and not in the target ’s home or office — the Supreme Court must recognize that reading personal e-mail at an ISP is no different .
Categories : Privacy and Surveillance
Nearly one year since Stephon Marbury last played in a regular - season game , signals are getting stronger that the New York Knicks ' outcast will eventually make his comeback with the Boston Celtics .
That still depends largely on Marbury 's ability to negotiate his release from the Knicks after weeks of fruitless and oft - contentious buyout talks , but sources with knowledge of the situation told ESPN.com this week that Boston is Marbury 's preferred destination if he manages to become a free agent and that the Celtics are indeed hopeful of signing him .
Celtics general manager Danny Ainge did not immediately respond to a request for comment on a New Year 's Day holiday for the entire league and likewise did not return messages from ESPN.com on Friday .
Ainge has generally refused in recent weeks to address the possibility of signing Marbury , but it 's believed that the Celtics ' concerns about their depth , after losing James Posey and P.J. Brown from last season 's title team , have swelled noticeably since they followed up the best 29 - game start in NBA history at 27 - 2 by losing three of the next four games on the road .
With Brown telling the New Orleans Times - Picayune on Wednesday that he is " officially retired " and Dikembe Mutombo having re-signed earlier this week with the Houston Rockets , Marbury easily ranks as the most accomplished low - cost veteran whom the Celtics can add to their bench in - season .
Boston also knows it would have the option to simply release Marbury without significant salary - cap consequences if he fails to click as a backup or proves unwilling to accept a secondary role .
It appears that the biggest obstacle to such a move is Marbury actually securing a buyout from the Knicks in a timely fashion as opposed to reservations Boston might have about Marbury 's impact on team chemistry .
Although it has been widely assumed that Celtics forward Kevin Garnett would resist a reunion with the controversial point guard -- after Marbury broke up their Minnesota partnership following less than three seasons together by forcing a trade to New Jersey -- one Celtics source insists that Garnett has voiced no opposition to the idea of signing Marbury for the rest of the season to strengthen Boston 's backcourt depth behind starters Rajon Rondo and Ray Allen .
When asked specifically about the likelihood of Marbury joining the Celtics this season , the source predicted that " it will happen . "
Joining the NBA 's reigning champions would certainly back up Marbury 's recent claim at halftime of a Knicks - Lakers game in Los Angeles that " the team I 'm going to go to , a lot of people will be shocked . "
The 31 - year - old has n't officially played for New York since Jan. 11 of last season and began this season on the inactive list while awaiting a buyout .
Marbury was then barred from contact with the team in late November after a dispute over Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni 's offering him the chance to start playing again following the Knicks ' two trades on Nov. 21 , which left them short of available players .
The Celtics lack size more than anything off the bench , which should explain their interest in Brown and Mutombo .
But Marbury -- when he 's right -- is a proven scoring threat who can also handle pressure on the ball , freeing up Eddie House to focus on his preferred role of designated shooter .
The Celtics also clearly have the strong team culture -- with Garnett , Paul Pierce , Ray Allen and coach Doc Rivers -- to take on the various challenges of a Marbury dice roll .
" All the people who say nobody wants me on their team , [ that ]
I 'm all different things -- a cancer -- that 's not what 's going on , " Marbury said at the game in L.A. earlier this month when surrounded by reporters .
One source close to Marbury cautioned that it would be premature to say that he 's narrowed his wish list down to the Celtics , but one Western Conference executive said of the notion that Marbury is Boston - bound : " I 've heard the exact same thing . "
The fact remains , though , that Marbury has to extricate himself from the Knicks before he can make any firm future plans .
Media outlets in New York have reported in recent days that Knicks president Donnie Walsh is planning to seriously rekindle buyout talks now that the calendar has flipped to 2009 , but one theory in circulation holds that the Knicks have dragged out Marbury 's release this long in part because they do n't want to see him wind up as a contributor in a championship race with a team from the same division .
The Celtics have also yet to make either of their two scheduled regular - season visits to Madison Square Garden .
The first is Sunday and the second is Feb .
6 .
In buyout negotiations to date , Marbury has refused to surrender more than $ 1 million of his $ 20.8 million salary and , at last report , was no longer offering to give back that much .
The Knicks have reportedly asked Marbury to give up at least $ 3 million for the right to choose his next team , although they could be moved to lower those demands if a trade materializes that requires New York to open Marbury 's roster spot .
Assuming that Marbury does eventually secure a buyout from the Knicks , it would appear that his options are scarce should the Celtics ultimately decide not to take the gamble .
Orlando and Phoenix are among the top teams needing guard help which have publicly declared their intent to steer clear of Marbury .
Miami is often mentioned as a possible destination , but the luxury - tax implications from signing Marbury and the Heat 's status as a rebuilding team make it a questionable fit .
It is unclear whether the Los Angeles Lakers -- who recently lost backup point guard Jordan Farmar until mid-February at the earliest because of knee surgery -- would be a Marbury bidder .
ESPN.com reported in mid-November that Dallas planned to investigate the possibility of signing Marbury if he became available -- with Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and Marbury having built a casual friendship over the years -- but that was before J.J. Barea emerged as a reliable contributor off the Mavs ' bench .
Club sources , meanwhile , have maintained from the start that the Mavs would likely pass on the tricky prospect of bringing in Marbury to back up Jason Kidd , given what happened after those two were traded for each other in the summer of 2001 .
Kidd led New Jersey to back - to - back appearances in the NBA Finals in 2002 and 2003 ; Marbury experienced only moderate success in 2 ½ seasons with Phoenix before a 2004 trade to the Knicks which has delivered little beyond a steadily deteriorating relationship with his hometown team .
In a first - person weblog entry for the New York Post on Wednesday , Marbury discussed his ongoing exile from the Knicks .
" People who know me know I 'm in the best shape of my life , " Marbury wrote , " ... Bottom line , I came to camp with the right attitude , in shape and ready to play .
I did n't come to be a distraction .
" I did n't want to be a distraction for the team first and me second .
I honestly came to help the team win .
Real talk .
I was willing to put in the work necessary to earn my starting spot and humble enough to accept coming off of the bench .
" It was unfortunate that the coach wanted to go in a different direction and did n't want me to be part of the team .
I just wish it had been handled correctly from jump .
I could understand the fact they did n't want Chris Duhon looking over his shoulder , but if you do n't want me just pay me and let me go .
I just want to play basketball . "
Marc Stein is the senior NBA writer for ESPN.com .
To e-mail him , click here .
Dear visitor ,
this website requires JavaScript , please learn more here →
Ahhh , MineCraft .
An awesome game that lets you sandbox buildings .
But while it ’s very fun , the new skin feature seems to be very insecure .
After wondering where raw PNGs were stored , I realized that it was imperative to have a uniform system based on confirmed username .
This would help for the server , which has to display custom skins based on your particular username .
Fortunately , it was easier than I thought .
The names were not even MD5 ’d or otherwise hashed to make it hard for us to detect .
It was n’t in a hidden folder .
It was all public in minecraft . net / skin .
What I mean :
My raw custom skin PNG was stored in minecraft.net/skin/AlLnAtuRalX.png.
Notch ’s is in minecraft.net/skin/Notch.png .
Easy right ?
Also fun…
Everything is public domain now .
Just see someone with a skin you like and grab it .
Here is a zip of a few I grabbed earlier today ( yes , there are some awesome ones in here ) .
Notch , I tried to notify you , but you were n’t on IRC .
Oh well …
I have a feeling it ’ll get fixed soon enough .
Or hell , you can leave it .
This is an awesome feature IMO , and I want people to use it .
Download as many skins as you can before it gets sealed up forever !
Cheers ,
AlLnAtuRalX
Reddit Public Server Admin
On the Passing of Rep. John Lewis
It is with great sadness that the nation 's Center for Civic Education recognizes the passing of the indomitable icon , U.S. Congressman John Lewis ( D - Georgia ) .
He is known across the country and around the world as a civil rights pioneer , the " conscience of Congress , " and a man forever on the right side of history .
To the Center , he is known as a path - breaking defender of civic education and civic engagement .
caution , warp drive may damage planet
Warp drives might not just be the fastest way to explore the universe .
They might also be weapons of mass destruction on a stellar scale .
Imagine a habitable planet with vast blue oceans and tens of thousands of square miles of vegetation which helps support an entire biosphere of complex life .
Floating in its orbit is a giant spaceship built by a creative and intelligent species to explore nearby stars , and designed to travel faster than light with the use of a warp drive .
As the ship ’s crew fires the main engines , one question they should probably ask themselves is if their planet will be there if and when they get back .
They might be accidentally turning on a very effective doomsday device which will either completely obliterate their world or knock it out of its stable , life - supporting orbit .
In a previous post about warp drive technology , we found out that the power output required to warp space and time into an asymmetric bubble , roughly equals the mass of Jupiter converted into raw energy .
That ’s like turning our world into heat , light and radiation some 318 times over .
While physicists focus on what happens inside the warp bubble and how stable it would be , one question that does n’t seem to appear very often in an astrophysical paper is what happens to the bubble ’s surroundings when all that energy is released .
Could it generate a powerful shockwave that would wreak havoc on a planetary scale ?
Would it send a wake through the very fabric of space and time , knocking planets out of orbit ?
The closest thing we have to witnessing the effects of serious warping of space and time is black holes .
They form after the core of a very heavy star collapses so quickly , it overcomes the degeneracy pressure of a heavy supernova remnant and distort the surrounding space - time plane .
The black hole ’s birth also creates a huge blast of gamma rays and generates powerful shockwaves as the energy of the collapse pushes some of the surrounding matter out .
Of course warp drives are n’t going to be anywhere as powerful as that , but they would be putting out enough energy to harm multiple planets .
Not only that , but they would have to release all of this energy quickly so it does n’t simply dissipate before it can bend space .
And what would happen if a warp drive misfires and essentially blows up with incredible force in all directions ?
The landslide defeat of former DNC Chairman Terry McAuliffe in the Democratic primary for governor of Virginia was a debacle .
But his loss to state Sen. R. Creigh Deeds offers important lessons about campaigns in general and about the status of the Clinton brand in particular .
First , campaigns .
The lessons do not include the simplistic half - truth , happily proclaimed by reformers and the press , that McAuliffe 's defeat proves that the influence of money in elections is on the wane .
( It 's not . )
McAuliffe 's cash advantage would have mattered more if he had had something to say that connected with voters .
But McAuliffe , who started out ahead in the three - man field , was rich in money and poor in message .
His persistent call for wind power may have tested well in a poll , but it seemed beside the point in the gale force winds of the current economic environment .
Likewise , his drumbeat of advertising and speeches proclaiming that he had created jobs for thirty — sometimes he said forty — years also fell flat .
Given his age , 52 , forty years was quite a stretch , forcing him to explain at one point that as a 14 - year - old he had started a driveway maintenance business in his hometown of Syracuse .
As it turned out , most of the jobs he " created " were n't in Virginia , where McAuliffe has lived for the past 17 years .
In any event , the electorate viewed economic recovery as primarily a national responsibility , the task of the Obama Administration — not of their governor .
McAuliffe was a ubiquitous presence on television , appearing in nearly every one of his ads .
Voters understandably concluded that his most memorable message was himself .
As one observer remarked , his appeal seemed to come down to : " Why do n't you like me as much as I like myself ? "
His relentless barrage of advertising only reinforced the criticism that McAuliffe was trying to buy the election .
His omnipresence reflected a deeper problem : Despite his years living in the state , McAuliffe failed to convey a sense that he was rooted in Virginia and identified with its values .
His friend Hillary Clinton had faced a similar challenge in her 2000 Senate race in New York ; she responded by all but moving to its upstate region and making sure that voters constantly saw her on television not just talking at them but listening to them .
McAuliffe lost despite the aid of some of the best consultants in the political business , including Obama 's pollster and one of Washington 's leading ad makers .
They just missed the mark .
( As a former political consultant , I know exactly what that feels like . )
Someone else who missed the mark was Bill Clinton , who was once presumed to be McAuliffe 's ace in the hole .
The former president was an indefatigable campaigner for his longtime friend and fundraiser .
Clinton was featured at five rallies , and he recorded radio ads and robo-calls that reached homes across the state .
He was virtually McAuliffe 's running mate .
Most telling was the former president 's failure in his most important assignment : delivering the black vote .
McAuliffe carried the one congressional district in the state that has a heavily African - American population .
But even there he barely defeated Deeds — by a paper - thin margin of 39 percent to 36 percent .
The results suggest that last year 's contest for the presidential nomination , especially Clinton 's attacks on Obama during the South Carolina primary , have permanently undermined his standing with African - Americans .
Bill Clinton can still raise big money and big crowds — and nothing will keep him off the campaign trail .
But he now looks like a fading influence in American — and even Democratic — politics .
The one other candidate he campaigned for , a former Clinton aide running for a seat in Virginia 's state Assembly , finished third in his primary .
Despite such results , we are not entering a post - Clinton era — just a post - Bill era .
Hillary Clinton is getting high marks for her leadership at the State Department .
Traveling the world , she 's become a powerful force in shaping a new American diplomacy .
At home , she 's moved to extend same - sex domestic partner benefits to Foreign Service personnel , even before the Obama administration acts on a government - wide basis .
It 's the right thing to do , but it 's also smart politically .
It plays to a Democratic constituency that could prove crucial in 2016 .
Hillary will be 69 - years - old then — probably a young 69 .
That campaign may be a long way off , but there 's no one on the horizon with her visibility or breadth of appeal .
What 's more , it may be hard for anyone else to emerge from Barack Obama 's considerable shadow .
She 's positioning herself to run by doing her job as Obama 's partner , not his rival .
She may lean forward on an issue like gay rights , but within the ambit of her present authority .
She 's amassing unquestionable national security credentials and by 2016 will be an even more formidable candidate than she was in 2008 .
Does she think about this ?
Probably .
After all , it 's only natural .
She 's handled herself with consummate skill .
The irony is that , for now , the campaign circuit is left to her husband , whose political capital has fallen , while she stays above the fray , with her political capital rising .
So in the ongoing Tale of Two Clintons , it 's the worst of times and the best of times .
He 'll still be out there on the hustings , searching for affirmation .
If Hillary Clinton does run again , she 'll have to decide how he can contribute .
It could be a tough challenge to rein him in where he hurts , and let him loose only where he is likely to help .
After Virginia and last year 's primaries , Bill Clinton is no longer the Democrats ' campaigner - in - chief .
But this tale is not over .
The conclusion may yet see Hillary Clinton as commander - in - chief .
If you look hard enough , you can find some green shoots , but here 's the truth .
The decline in world industrial output is tracking very close with what we saw during the Depression .
This chart was put together by economists Barry Eichengreen and Kevin O'Rourke , as part of a broader study comparing this downturn with the Great Depression .
The good news , they say :
The policy response has been much better this time around .
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
Chemists in the US have devised a single - molecule fluorescent probe that is selective for ozone , which they hope will help address controversy over claims that cells can produce ozone .
It may also find use in personal sensors for people with lung diseases who are trying to limit their ozone exposure , say the scientists .
Recent studies have suggested that the body uses ozone to fight off bacteria - but the ozone sensors used suffered from a lack of selectivity , meaning other reactive oxygen species could have triggered a false positive response .
Kazunori Koide and colleagues at the University of Pittsburgh have now developed a fluorescent probe that they say can unambiguously detect ozone in biological and atmospheric samples .
When the body is under bacterial attack , neutrophils , the most abundant type of white blood cells , migrate towards sites of infection .
Upon arrival , one of their roles is to release powerful oxidants from the antibodies on their surface - which have been shown to play a part in killing the microbes .
Recently it has been suggested that ozone is one of these oxidants - but there is scepticism about these claims , says Koide .
’ The colorimetric probes that the other groups used are not specific for ozone , ’ he explains , ’ meaning we do n’t know for sure whether cells produce ozone , and that ’s why we developed this probe to determine if cells produce ozone or not ’ .
Koide ’s probe is a non-fluorescent aromatic molecule , with an ether side chain which ends with an alkene .
The researchers showed that when ozone is bubbled through a solution of this molecule , this double bond undergoes ozonolysis , leading to the side chain cleaving off at the ether oxygen , leaving behind an alcohol - and in this form the molecule fluoresces .
The resulting fluorescent output can be measured using a hand - held fluorescence detector or even a laser pen .
The team successfully demonstrated the selectivity of their probe for ozone by testing it against other reactive oxygen species .
They also tested the probe in bovine cells .
’ When we added ozone artificially to the cell culture media we were able to detect ozone inside the cells , ’ says Koide .
From this the team concluded that their method should be amenable to in vitro and possibly in vivo studies .
Cell studies
’ We have n’t determined the sensitivity of the probe yet , but early experiments suggest that the detection limit will be low enough to detect nanomolar concentrations of ozone , ’ says Koide .
’ However , we do n’t know yet if this is good enough for the in vivo testing , ’ he explains , ’as no one knows for sure yet if ozone is actually there - and if there is , how much . ’
Next , Koide says that they are going to probe cells as they fight infection , to address the controversy and work out conclusively whether cells produce ozone or not .
Nobuaki Soh , an expert in the use of fluorescent probes to measure reactive oxygen species from Kyushu University in Japan , describes the work as very interesting and an improvement on the earlier colorimetric probes .
However , Soh adds that the probe generates hydrogen peroxide as a by - product of the ozonolysis reaction , so when using the probe for biological studies the team will need to take care to ensure the concentration of this by - product does not reach toxic levels , he told Chemistry World .
Ozone probes are also important for assessing levels of ground - level ozone , which can be damaging to the respiratory track .
There are passive samplers - that measure individual contact with ozone - already available for people with asthma , bronchitis or cystic fibrosis to monitor their exposure .
But these are not without their problems , explains Koide .
’ There is an ozone badge that you can purchase , but according to the manufacturer ’s instructions it is sensitive to moisture . ’
And other methods for detecting ozone have the additional step of requiring the removal of interfering chemicals such as sulfur dioxide , he adds .
’ So our second direction is to develop a more user friendly badge for asthma patients . ’
Nina Notman
Been a long silent few months ( blog cliche , anyone ? ) , but Turbinado is cranking along again .
Bodo ( http://www.naumann.cc/) is using Turbinado for a school project so we ’ve been working together to advance Turbinado .
So what ’s new ?
Mostly touch ups :
HTTP 4k Support
The HTTP 3000 package seems to be slowing down while HTTP 4000 seems to be taking over .
Makes sense to update Turbinado to the latest version .
Done .
Better Forms Support
Added in support for multipart forms , so now you can upload files to Turbinado .
Note : there is currently no limit on the size of the upload , though .
( See Turbinado .
Environment .
Files for how to access uploaded files . )
Improved ORM
The PostgreSQL ORM is pretty sweet and now it ’s even better .
Improved error handling , quoting of tables names , etc .
Next step is to build the MySQL ORM .
Summary
We ’re moving again .
Note : turbinado - website is currently updated , but turbinado is n’t ( it ’ll be fixed by June 4th ) .
Would love your feedback on what could be done to improve Turbinado .
Although I made a point of running turbinado.org on Turbinado , it may be time to switch to a CMS that allows people to contribute to the project more easily .
by
Today Scott Wolchok , Randy Yao , and Alex Halderman at the University of Michigan released a report analyzing Green Dam , the censorware program that the Chinese government just ordered installed on all new computers in China .
The researchers found that Green Dam creates very serious security vulnerabilities on users ’ computers .
The report starts with a summary of its findings :
The Chinese government has mandated that all PCs sold in the country must soon include a censorship program called Green Dam .
This software monitors web sites visited and other activity on the computer and blocks adult content as well as politically sensitive material .
We examined the Green Dam software and found that it contains serious security vulnerabilities due to programming errors .
Once Green Dam is installed , any web site the user visits can exploit these problems to take control of the computer .
This could allow malicious sites to steal private data , send spam , or enlist the computer in a botnet .
In addition , we found vulnerabilities in the way Green Dam processes blacklist updates that could allow the software makers or others to install malicious code during the update process .
We found these problems with less than 12 hours of testing , and we believe they may be only the tip of the iceberg .
Green Dam makes frequent use of unsafe and outdated programming practices that likely introduce numerous other vulnerabilities .
Correcting these problems will require extensive changes to the software and careful retesting .
In the meantime , we recommend that users protect themselves by uninstalling Green Dam immediately .
The researchers have released a demonstration attack which will crash the browser of any Green Dam user .
Another attack , for which they have not released a demonstration , allows any web page to seize control of any Green Dam user ’s computer .
This is a serious blow to the Chinese government ’s mandatory censorware plan .
Green Dam ’s insecurity is a show - stopper — no responsible PC maker will want to preinstall such dangerous software .
The software can be fixed , but it will take a while to test the fix , and there is no guarantee that the next version wo n’t have other flaws , especially in light of the blatant errors in the current version .
I love french toast .
I remember being a kid and being genuinely torn between french toast and pancakes on Saturday morning when
my mom asked me what I wanted .
I ’ve never made stuffed french toast before , but cream cheese and jam sounds like it would be the perfect thing to stuff french toast with .
I ’m a huge cream cheese fan ( as you can see : How to Make Chocolate Cream Cheese Cherry Brownies ( oh my god ! ) ) , I can literally just eat it whole with nothing else ( I would n’t
recommend that unless you ’re specifically trying to become morbidly obese ) .
I like that this is a relatively simple procedure , should be easy to do .
Honestly , what it appears to be is sort of a grilled cheese sandwich , except the bread is french toast and the cheese is cream cheese … and you pour maple syrup on it at the end … and you drink Champagne with it ( I would ’ve gone with a mimosa , but ok whatever ) .
I ’ve also included another recipe for stuffed french toast after the video , and as a little bonus after that I ’ve got a very short video on how to do something called “ honeyed french toast ” that looks really good , so three delicious and unique french toast recipes for you here today , enjoy .
Here ’s a recipe for a similar stuffed french toast dish that I found , I ’m including it since they ’re a little vague about the specifics of what to do in the above video :
A special French toast with cream cheese filling , made with sliced French or Italian bread , eggs , cream cheese , and other ingredients .
Serve with maple syrup or fruit topping .
INGREDIENTS :
* 1 long loaf French or Italian bread , about 8 to 10 ounces
* 4 ounces cream cheese , softened
* 1/2 cup finely chopped pecans
* 4 large eggs
* 1/4 cup milk
* 1/4 cup water
* 3 tablespoons butter
* 1 tablespoon Canola oil PREPARATION :
Cut bread on the diagonal into about 16 slices .
Spread cream cheese on 8 slices of the bread , on one side only .
Sprinkle pecans over slices with the cream cheese spread .
Top each spread slice with a plain slice of bread .
You will have 8 “ sandwiches . ”
Beat eggs and milk in a shallow bowl until smooth .
Add sandwiches to the mixture , turning several times to coat thoroughly .
Heat butter and in a heavy skillet over medium heat .
When butter stops foaming , add all of the sandwiches in a single layer .
Fry for about 6 to 8 minutes , turning once , until golden brown and crisp .
Serve with maple syrup or other fruit topping .
Serves 4 .
Source : Special French Toast Recipe at SouthernFood.About.com
Honeyed French Toast
Additional Reading
If you ’re a true French Toast aficionado like I am , I have to recommend you pick up a copy of French Toast : Sweet & Savory Treats For Every Meal , I probably use the French Toast recipes from this book more than any other , it ’s amazing what you can do with just the simple concept of French Toast and how it can be adapted , check it out .
The Top 20 French Toast Recipes at allrecipes.com
Cinnamon French Toast
Microsoft is now offering users in six countries Windows 7 at around half the standard price -- for a limited time , of course .
The deal is open to existing Vista owners and involves paying now then getting the upgrade when Windows is released .
In the United States , the offer means customers can get an upgrade from Vista Home Premium to Windows 7 Home Premium for $ 49 , and from Vista 7 Professional to Windows 7 Professional for $ 99 .
That compares with standard upgrade prices of $ 119.99 and $ 199.99 respectively .
Surprisingly , Windows 7
Ultimate , the other main retail edition of Windows Vista , is not covered by the upgrade deal .
( Source : microsoft.com )
Other Limitations to Windows 7 Upgrade
There are several limitations to the Windows 7 upgrade deal .
The scheme is only available in the US starting today ( June 26th , 2009 ) until July 11th , 2009 .
However , Microsoft says only a limited number of customers can get the upgrade and this limit may run out first .
The company has n't said what the limit is , and it may actually be nothing more than a marketing gimmick .
The deal is also only available through the Microsoft online store and certain retailers .
In the US , retailers include Amazon , Best Buy and Office Max .
Similar deals are available in Canada , Japan , France , Germany and the UK .
The pricing , timeline and store availability varies from country to country .
The logistics of the upgrade may vary from retailer to retailer , but in most cases the customer will be given an upgrade disc in October , 2009 when Windows 7 is released to the general public .
Separate Deal For New PC Buyers
This offer should n't be confused with a separate upgrade program aimed at people buying new machines .
Under that scheme , which runs until Windows 7 is released , companies selling Vista machines can pay Microsoft a small fee for the right to give the customer a Windows 7 upgrade upon release .
The firms are then allowed to decide how much ( if anything ) to charge the customer for the upgrade .
Yesterday HP became the first company to announce it will offer a free upgrade under their upgrade plan .
It 's expected others may follow their lead as it lowers the risk of buyers putting off purchasing until Windows 7 comes out .
( Source : informationweek.com )
Dmitry Medvedev , the Russian president , was said to have been " indignant " over the killing but there was no response from Mr Putin , the prime minister , who appointed Mr Kadyrov to restore order in the troubled republic .
Mr Putin was criticised in 2006 after he remained silent for three days following the murder of Anna Politkovskaya , the journalist who campaigned on injustices in Chechnya .
Distraught relatives have been going through days of anguish
Two bodies have been found from the Air France plane which went missing over the Atlantic last Monday , the Brazilian air force has said .
Items including a case with a ticket for the flight were also picked up some 1,100 km ( 683 miles ) off Brazil 's coast .
Air France said it was stepping up replacement of speed monitors on Airbus planes , amid speculation that a faulty indication may have caused the crash .
All 228 people on board the Airbus 330 are believed to have been killed .
The AF Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris disappeared in turbulent weather about 800 km ( 500 miles ) north - east of Brazil 's Fernando de Noronha islands .
Blue seat " We confirm the recovery from the water of debris and bodies from the Air France plane , " air force spokesman Jorge Amaral told reporters in the northern city of Recife on Saturday .
See a map of the plane 's route
He later added that two male bodies had been found , as well as objects linked to passengers known to be on the flight , including a suitcase with an Air France ticket and a backpack with a computer inside .
" It was confirmed with Air France that the ticket number corresponds to a passenger on the flight , " Col Amaral said .
A blue seat was also found , and Air France is checking the serial number to see whether it came from the flight .
The remains were found not far from where the last signal from the plane was received , and taken to the islands of Fernando de Noronha .
Experts on human remains are on their way to examine the find .
Speed sensors
The items were the first to be definitely linked to the plane , nearly six days after the crash .
SEARCH FOR FLIGHT AF 447 1 June : Contact lost with plane over mid-Atlantic 2 June : First debris spotted from the air includes an airline seat .
Brazilian defence minister says debris is from missing plane 3 June : More debris spotted , including a 7 m - wide chunk of metal .
Fuel slick seen on ocean surface 4 June : Buoys and pallet recovered from ocean said to be from plane .
Officials later retract statement 6 June : First two bodies , plus suitcase and backpack found , along with seat thought to be from the plane
Timeline of Flight AF 447
Air disasters timeline Mystery of Air France flight Challenge of deep - sea debris
But the BBC's Gary Duffy in Sao Paulo says the authorities are adopting a cautious approach after previous reports of debris being found proved false .
Correspondents say that much of the search effort so far has been focused on finding flight data recorders , which have sonar beacons - or " pingers " - attached to them .
But French officials say there was no guarantee the beacons were still attached to the flight recorders , and they may have been separated in the impact of the crash .
The officials do not know what triggered the plane 's problems , but it was flying through an area of thunder storms and turbulence .
They said it sent 24 error messages minutes before it crashed .
Air France said in a statement on Saturday that the plane had been using speed sensors that had been associated with problems in the past .
The company said that it had begun noticing problems arising from icing on its Airbus long - haul aircraft more than a year ago and that it had begun changing its airspeed sensors on 27 April - five weeks before the accident .
" Without prejudging a link with the causes of the accident , Air France has accelerated this programme , " Air France said in a statement .
It added that this did not necessarily mean the aircraft was not safe to fly .
A French submarine is being sent to join in the search .
It has sonar equipment that could help locate the airliner 's flight data recorders .
The US is also sending specialised listening equipment .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Scientists in the United States are developing a " synthetic tree " capable of collecting carbon around 1,000 times faster than the real thing .
A conceptual design of how the " synthetic tree " might look should they ever reach the stage of production .
As the wind blows though plastic " leaves , " the carbon is trapped in a chamber , compressed and stored as liquid carbon dioxide .
The technology is similar to that used to capture carbon from flue stacks at coal - fired power plants , but the difference is that the " synthetic tree " can catch carbon anytime , anywhere .
" Half of your emissions come from small , distributed sources where collection at the site is either impossible or impractical , " said Professor Klaus Lackner , Ewing - Worzel Professor of Geophysics in the Department of Earth and Environmental Engineering at Columbia University .
" We aim for applications like gasoline in cars or jet fuel in airplanes .
We are going after CO2 that otherwise is nearly impossible to collect , " he told CNN .
While the idea of carbon - catchers may sound far - fetched , an early model has been built and Lackner is in the process of writing a proposal for consideration by the U.S. Department of Energy .
He personally explained the concept in a 45 - minute meeting with U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu last month at a three - day symposium on climate change in London .
" He was there and I was there and he showed interest , " Lackner told CNN .
" That 's exciting , but I do n't particularly want to discuss this in a public forum because I think this gives me a little bit of an opportunity to tailor my proposals to the Department of Energy in a way that makes them more palatable . "
Lackner started working on the concept of an ambient carbon catcher in 1998 .
" I argued back then and I still argue that the reason this can be done , from a theoretical point of view , is that the CO2 in the air is actually surprisingly concentrated , therefore the device you need to collect CO2 is quite small . "
The " synthetic tree " looks more like a public convenience block than a hi-tech method of reducing carbon emissions , but Lackner told CNN it is highly efficient for its size when compared , for example , to a modern power - generating wind turbine .
" If you give me one of those big windmills which have those big areas through which the rotor moves -- how much CO2 can I avoid ?
And if I had an equally sized CO2 collector -- how much CO2 can I collect ?
It turns out the collector is several hundred times better than the windmill . "
Is the " synthetic tree " an interesting alternative , or a scientific flight of fancy that 's unlikely to happen ?
Sound Off below .
Lackner told CNN that initial concerns over the cost of the technology were focused on the " front- end " carbon collector , including the sorbent used to catch the carbon dioxide in the air .
But after years of research , Lackner told CNN he and his colleagues have developed a sorbent that is " close to the ideal , " in that it uses a relatively small amount of energy to release the CO2 and is not prohibitively expensive .
" By the time we make liquid CO2 we have spent approximately 50 kilojoules [ of electricity ] per mole of CO2 . "
Compare that , Lackner said , to the average power plant in the U.S. which produces one mole of CO2 with every 230 kilojoules of electricity .
Going Green
A half - hour special investigating the balance between business and the environment
see full schedule »
" In other words , if we simply plugged our device in to the power grid to satisfy its energy needs , for every roughly 1000 kilograms [ of carbon dioxide ] we collected we would re-emit 200 , so 800 we can chalk up as having been successful , " he said .
Lackner told CNN the biggest cost was at the " back - end " of the collector , primarily the technology used to release the CO2 from the sorbent .
He said for that reason , on a cost - basis , the " synthetic tree " could not compete with modern coal - fired power plants that are designed to release fewer carbon emissions than their older predecessors .
But he said when compared to the cost of retro-fitting an existing coal plant , the " synthetic tree " becomes more viable .
" The bottom line is we have in this way the ability to deal with the problem at a cost which is somewhat higher than on a coal - fired power plant retro - fit , but not much higher . "
Besides , he said , the technology is not being developed as an alternative to the carbon capture and storage methods currently being tested for large - scale use on coal - fired power stations .
He 's targeting carbon that 's already in the air .
The concept of the " synethic tree " has caught the imagination of one of the first scientists to warn the world about global warming , Lackner 's colleague at Columbia University , Newberry Professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences , Professor Wally Broecker .
" I 'm extremely excited about this .
I think this is something that the world 's going to have to have , unfortunately , " Broecker told CNN from Madrid where he received a BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award for his work on the issue of climate change .
Broecker told CNN most people still do n't recognize the magnitude of the task the world faces in reducing global carbon emissions , and it was likely that one day urgent action would need to be taken , above and beyond the current measures being discussed .
" We 're probably not going to stop CO2 rising until it 's double what it was near - 1800 and maybe even more than that , " he said .
" I think we will find that the planet is too warm , ice is melting too fast ... and we 'll want to bring the CO2 back down again .
The only way we can do that on a short timescale would be to pull it back out of the atmosphere . "
Broecker told CNN the units could stand in the middle of Australia , for example , and their presence would n't significantly disrupt the atmospheric distribution .
" Each unit would take out a ton of CO2 a day -- which would be the amount of CO2 produced by 20 average automobiles in the U.S.A .
And the cost of each unit would be about the cost of a Toyota .
So that would mean if you added a five percent surcharge on automobile purchases that money could go to building units to remove the CO2 those vehicles are going to create . "
All About Global Climate Change
BAGHDAD 
The Iraqi government is pressing ahead with plans to hold a national referendum on the Iraqi - American security agreement  a measure likely to lose if put to a popular vote with the outcome that American troops could be forced to leave as early as next summer , nearly a year and half ahead of schedule .
Under the security plan agreed to by the two governments last year , American combat troops must withdraw from the cities by the end of this month and all American troops must be out of Iraq by Dec. 31 , 2011 .
Passage of the agreement was contingent on the approval of several other measures , including legislation requiring a referendum on the agreement .
If the Iraqi people vote down the security pact , the American military would have to withdraw all troops within a year from the date of the vote , which could be held as soon as this summer .
American diplomats are quietly lobbying the government not to hold the referendum , but so far Iraqi politicians have decided to go ahead with it to avoid appearing to be in the pocket of the Americans in an election year .
By Jimmy Carter
Director of UNRWA operations John Ging , thank you for inviting me to Gaza .
Distinguished guests , children of Gaza , I am grateful for your warm reception .
I first visited Gaza 36 years ago and returned during the 1980s and later for the very successful Palestinian elections .
Although under occupation , this community was relatively peaceful and prosperous .
Now , the aftermath of bombs , missiles , tanks , bulldozers and the continuing economic siege have brought death , destruction , pain , and suffering to the people here .
Tragically , the international community largely ignores the cries for help , while the citizens of Gaza are being treated more like animals than human beings .
Last week , a group of Israelis and Americans tried to cross into Gaza through Erez , bringing toys and children 's playground equipment – slides , swings , kites , and magic castles for your children .
They were stopped at the gate and prevented from coming .
I understand even paper and crayons are treated as " security hazards " and not permitted to enter Gaza .
I sought an explanation for this policy in Israel , but did not receive a satisfactory answer – because there is none .
The responsibility for this terrible human rights crime lies in Jerusalem , Cairo , Washington , and throughout the international community .
This abuse must cease ; the crimes must be investigated ; the walls must be brought down , and the basic right of freedom must come to you .
Almost one - half of Gaza 's 1.5 million people are children , whose lives are being shaped by poverty , hunger , violence , and despair .
More than 50,000 families had their homes destroyed or damaged in January , and parents are in mourning for the 313 innocent children who were killed .
The situation in Gaza is grim , but all hope is not lost .
Amidst adversity , you continue to possess both dignity and determination to work towards a brighter tomorrow .
That is why educating children is so important .
I have come to Gaza to help the world know what important work you are doing .
UNRWA is here to ensure that the 200,000 children in its schools can develop their talent , express their dynamism , and help create the path to a better future .
The human rights curriculum is teaching children about their rights and also about their responsibilities .
UNRWA is teaching about the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the struggle for these rights all over the world , Gaza 's children are learning that as you seek justice for yourselves , you must be sure that your behavior provides justice for others .
They are learning that it is wrong to fire rockets that may kill Israeli children .
They are learning that arbitrary detention and the summary execution of political opponents is not acceptable .
They are learning that the rule of law must be honored here in Gaza .
I would like to congratulate both UNRWA and the children who have completed the human rights curriculum with distinction .
They are tomorrow 's leaders .
In addition to the tragedy of occupation , the lack of unity among Palestinians is causing a deteriorating atmosphere here in Gaza , in Ramallah , and throughout the West Bank .
Palestinians want more than just to survive .
They hope to lead the Arab world , to be a bridge between modern political life and traditions that date back to the Biblical era .
The nation you will create must be pluralistic and democratic – the new Palestine that your intellectuals have dreamt about .
Palestine must combine the best of the East and the West .
The Palestinian state , like the land , must be blessed for all people .
Jerusalem must be shared with everyone who loves it – Christians , Jews , and Muslims .
With our new leaders in Washington , my country will move into the forefront of this birth of a new Palestine
We were all reminded of this renewed hope and commitment by President Obama 's recent speech in Cairo .
President Obama 's resolve to resume the Israeli - Palestinian diplomatic process based on the principle of two states for two peoples must be welcomed .
This vision of two sovereign nations living as neighbors is not a mere convenient phrase .
It is the basis for a lasting peace for this entire region , including Syria and Lebanon .
We all know that a necessary step is the ending of the siege of Gaza – the starving of 1 ½ million people of the necessities of life .
Never before in history has a large community been savaged by bombs and missiles and then deprived of the means to repair itself .
The issue of who controls Gaza is not an obstacle .
As the World Bank has pointed out , funds can be channeled through a number of independent mechanisms and effective implementing agencies .
Although funds are available , not a sack of cement nor a piece of lumber has been permitted to enter the closed gates from Israel and Egypt .
I have seen with my own eyes that progress is negligible .
My country and our friends in Europe must do all that is necessary to persuade Israel and Egypt to allow basic materials into Gaza .
At the same time , there must be no more rockets and mortar shells falling on Israeli citizens .
I met this week with the parents of Corporal Gilad Shalit , and have with me a letter that I hope can be delivered to their son .
I have also met with many Palestinians who plead for the freedom of their 11,700 loved ones imprisoned by the Israelis , including 400 women and children .
Many of them have been imprisoned for many years , held without trial , with no access to their families or to legal counsel .
Rational negotiations and a comprehensive peace can end this suffering on both sides .
I know it is difficult now , surrounded by terrible destruction , to see a future of independence and dignity in a Palestinian state , but this goal can and must be achieved .
I know too that it is hard for you to accept Israel and live in peace with those who have caused your suffering .
However , Palestinian statehood cannot come at the expense of Israel 's security , just as Israel 's security can not come at the expense of Palestinian statehood .
In his speech in Cairo , President Obama said that Hamas has support among Palestinians , but they also have responsibilities .
To play a full role in fulfilling Palestinian aspirations , to unify the Palestinian people , Hamas must put an end to violence , accept existing peace agreements , and recognize Israel 's right to exist .
I have urged Hamas leaders to accept these conditions , and they have made statements and taken actions that suggest they are ready to join the peace process and move toward the creation of an independent and just Palestinian state .
Khaled Mashaal has assured me that Hamas will accept a final status agreement negotiated by the Palestinian Authority and Israel if the Palestinian people approve it in a referendum .
Hamas has offered a reciprocal ceasefire with Israel throughout the West Bank and Gaza .
Unfortunately , neither the Israeli leaders nor Hamas accept the terms of the Oslo Agreement of 1993 , but the Arab Peace Initiative is being considered now by all sides .
I have personally witnessed free and fair elections in Palestine when Yasir Arafat and Mahmoud Abbas were elected president and when legislative members were chosen for your parliament .
I hope to return next January for a similar event that will unite all Palestinians as you seek a proud and peaceful future .
Ladies and gentlemen , children of Gaza , thank you for inviting me and for sharing this happy occasion with me .
Congratulations for your achievements .
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter Visits Syria , Israel , West Bank , and Gaza Following Lebanon Elections
THE LAW , POLITICS AND POLICY ISSUES OF LGBT WORKPLACE DIVERSITY
Chaton
Chaton ( pronounced like [ sha - ton ] , a ' kitten ' in French ) is a simple Comet - based Webchat server written in Gauche .
Originally it is developed to host a successor of Gauche chat room on Lingr ( http://www.lingr.com ) , when Lingr announced to terminate its service .
Although Chaton never aims at serving in such a large scale and with tons of features like Lingr , the " look and feel " of the interface somewhat inherits from it .
Chaton ( 「 しゃとん 」 ) は Gaucheで書かれた簡単な Cometベースの Webchatサーバです。
Lingr ( http://www.lingr.com ) のサービス終了を受け 、Lingrにあった Gauche部屋を引き継ぐために開発されました。もとよりLingrのような大規模・
高機能なサービスは目指していませんが、インタフェースの感触は
何となく似せたつもりです。
The new Gallup poll shows even more progress on persuading the American public to allow qualified and honest gay servicemembers to be in the military .
The biggest shift in the last few years has been an upswing in support from conservatives and weekly church - goers :
While liberals and Democrats remain the most supportive , the biggest increase in support has been among conservatives and weekly churchgoers -- up 12 and 11 percentage points , respectively .
58 percent of self - described conservatives now favor ending the ban .
The overall polling currently shows an overwhelming 69 percent favoring ending DADT .
The South lags at 57 percent - but that 's up from 50 percent four years ago .
How the Obama administration justifies not fulfilling a clear campaign pledge backed by 70 percent of Americans and implemented by all our major allies ... well , it 's beyond me .
I guess we need patience .
And McHugh .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Can you make Windows XP so secure that the United States Air Force will use it in its systems ?
Well , apparently , you can , but you do have to talk to Microsoft .
The USAF wanted a locked - down edition of Windows XP , and since they were in the midst of renegotiating the desktop - software contract with Microsoft , they decided to ask Steve Ballmer directly to create it for them .
They did .
Former CIO of the Air Force , John Gilligan , spoke with Threat Level to explain how the USAF made all this work .
It all started with the NSA , which performed several penetration tests on the Air Force network back in 2003 .
These tests showed that the network was a swiss cheese , and that “ more than two - thirds of their intrusions were possible because of poorly configured software that created vulnerabilities ” .
In some cases , it were features that were never locked down because they had never been used , and in other cases it were features that were locked down , only to become vulnerable later ( for instance , it needed to be re-installed but patches were never re-applied ) .
So , the USAF talked to Ballmer , and the CEO actually got personally involved in the project .
“ He has half - a - dozen clients that he personally gets involved with , and he saw that this just made a lot of sense , ” Gilligan said , “ They had already done preliminary work themselves trying to identify what would be a more secure configuration .
So we fine - tuned and added to that . ”
The USAF worked together with several other agencies and Microsoft to create a single secure and locked down configuration of Windows XP .
They changed the way administrator passwords were handled , but Microsoft also implemented “ automated tools to update patches and to detect and prevent someone from altering the configuration ” .
Overall , more than 600 settings were locked down .
This single locked - down configuration brings several advantages to the USAF , most importantly the ability to install patches within 72 hours instead of 57 - 100 days .
Since they ’re now using a single , consistent configuration , a lot less testing is involved when it comes to new patches .
This testing is now done by Microsoft , and not by the USAF itself .
The USAF began installing this on systems in 2005 and finished in 2007 .
They also demand that vendors pre-load this configuration to make these systems secure out - of - the - box .
The USAF saved 100 million USD because they now buy a single configuration instead of having 30 different contracts .
So , how secure is this system ?
Gilligan said that 85 % of attacks are blocked by the new configuration .
“ Turns out when you configure things properly and do n’t touch them , they actually work pretty well , ” he added .
The Air Force configuration is now in use in many other departments because it has been such a success .
Gilligan also said tat he hopes that this project marks the beginning of the end of companies arrogantly resisting locking down their products .
“ They ’re still in the model that they want to give all the features enabled to clients , ” he said , “ But I think we ’ve reached a point where that model is one that is no longer effective .
I ’m of the opinion that all products ought to be configured with these locked - down configurations , and if the customer decides they want to undo them , then they can do that .
They cannot continue fielding products where the cost that is being borne by the consumer in terms of having to maintain configurations and deal with attacks is so high . ”
We ’ve been hinting for a while about a secret project that we ’re working on , and today I ’m pleased to be able to take the wraps off Mapumental .
It ’s currently in Private Beta but invites are starting to flow out .
Built with support from Channel 4 ’s 4IP programme , Mapumental is the culmination of an ambition mySociety has had for some time – to take the nation ’s bus , train , tram , tube and boat timetables and turn them into a service that does vastly more than imagined by traditional journey planners .
In its first iteration it ’s specially tuned to help you work out where else you might live if you want an easy commute to work .
Francis Irving , the genius who made it all work , will post on the immense technical challenge overcome , soon .
My thanks go massively to him ; to Stamen , for their lovely UI , and to Matthew , for being brilliant as always .
Words do n’t really do Mapumental justice , so please just watch the video 🙂
Update : Now available here in HD too
Also new :
We ’ve just set up a TheyWorkForYou Patrons pledge to help support the growth and improvement of that site .
I can neither confirm nor deny that pledgees might get invites more quickly than otherwise 😉
reddit.com logins
This site has been barred from the bugmenot system .
Sites should only appear blocked here if they match one or more of the following criteria :
From the ' was it really that long ago ? ' files :
On June 8 , 1995 , Rasmus Lerdorf issued the first public release of PHP .
It 's a language that became the key development language of the Web 1.0 world powering millions of sites ( including InternetNews.com ) .
Sure you can argue that PHP did n't ' really ' take off until PHP 3 or 4 , but it 's important to note the birthday of the first PHP public release .
It 's a dynamic language that quite literally helped to power the Internet revolution .
PHP is the ' P ' in the LAMP stack ( Linux / Apache / MySQL / PHP ) .
For me , PHP 3 and moreso 4 is where I spent the bulk of my development time in the early days .
Remember there was no Ruby on Rails , no .NET and JavaScript was for eye candy mostly and not dynamic website generation .
Now in 2009 , PHP has its fair share of competitors but it still soldiers on .
PHP 4 , is now at its end of life and PHP 5 ( first released in 2005 ) is the way forward for PHP developers .
PHP 5.3 is nearing completion adding elements that originally were destined for PHP 6 .
Zend , the company founded by Andi Gutmans Zeev Suraski ( the two guys that drove the PHP 3 release ) put out a Zend Server release this year - marking in my view - the debut of an easy to setup / manage PHP middleware distribution .
What 's amazing to remember in the story of PHP is that this is a language that has grown and prospered as an open source project .
Sure Zend is a commercial backer , but they 're not the only ones driving it .
The community has provided key direction and continues to help push it forward .
So Happy Birthday PHP and thanks for all the code .
The Nintendo Wii is one of the most popular consoles on the market .
It introduced new motion controllers and concepts that are now being copied by its rivals , but in terms of technology it is nothing more than an upgraded GameCube , which is blatant when you compare it to the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 .
However , there has been a big amount of speculation on when the Wii will eventually get HD and be on par with its main rivals on the market .
Analysts pegged the change around 2010 - 2011 , but it now seems that the president of the company , Satoru Iwata , does n't share that optimistic view .
He recently talked to VentureBeat about the HD upgrade of the Wii and revealed that : “ If we have an opportunity to make a new console , it will probably support HD because it is now common throughout the world .
However , as far as the Wii is concerned , we have not found a significant reason to make it HD - compatible at this time . ”
The executive went on to say that : “ What is the significant meaning to the users ?
I do n't think we should do it unless we find that reason .
If we decide for other reasons to make new hardware , then HD is one of the things we would naturally add .
As for timing , it may be three years from now , five years from now or eight years from now . ”
It 's worth taking into account the fact that analog broadcasts in Japan stop in 2011 , meaning that an HD Wii might be possible around that time or very close after it .
Nothing is for sure though , as Nintendo was always very independent when it came to its hardware releases .
Hopefully , we will see a Wii capable of much nicer graphics in the near future , in order for the console to sell even better around the world .
This Quesadilla
Pie is an EASY casserole of layers of flour tortillas and shredded cheese , with beans , chiles , tomato , onions , baked in pie dish until browned and crispy .
So good !
Photography Credit : Elise Bauer
In our house , quesadillas are the ultimate quick comfort food .
If you are n’t familiar with quesadillas , think Mexican version of a grilled cheese sandwich — toasted flour tortillas with melty cheese filling .
I am the quesadilla queen !
( At least in my own mind , having held that title since college where I regularly cooked up massive quesadillas on burrito sized tortillas with tons of add-ins for myself and friends . )
Our Favorite Videos Get Recipe »
So when a friend recently mentioned the idea of a quesadilla pie , I did n’t even wait for the recipe , I knew what to do .
The two basic ingredients of a quesadilla are cheese ( queso is cheese in Spanish ) and tortillas , either flour or corn , though usually in the U.S. quesadillas are made with flour tortillas .
My version of a quesadilla pie is a casserole made in a pie dish with stacked flour tortillas and layers of cheesy filling , baked until browned and crispy .
The beauty of quesadilla pie is that it ’s a great way to use up leftovers and odds and ends .
The essentials are the tortillas and the cheese ; after that it ’s up to you as to the variety and type of filling you want .
Black beans are good , as are onions , chicken , tomatoes , mushrooms , or summer squash .
All can be layered in with the cheese .
Add as much chile as you want for heat and flavor .
Opinion
13 in Congress control health care debate
For those still clinging to quaint notions of the American ideal , these have been a faith - shaking 10 years .
Just as evolutionary science once got in the way of creationists ' catechism , so has politics now undermined patriots ' naive belief that the United States is a functioning democracy .
The 21st century opened with a handful of Supreme Court puppets appointing George W. Bush president after he lost the popular vote - and we all know the costs in blood and treasure that insult wrought .
Now the decade closes with another cabal of stooges assaulting the " one person , one vote " principle - and potentially bringing about another disaster .
Here we have a major congressional push to fix a health care system that leaves one - sixth of the country without coverage .
Here we have 535 House and Senate delegates elected to give all 300 million of us a voice in the solution .
And here we have just 13 of those delegates holding the initiative hostage .
In the Senate , both parties have outsourced health care legislation to six Finance Committee lawmakers : Max Baucus , D - Mont. ; Kent Conrad , D - N.D. ; Jeff Bingaman , D - N.M. ; Mike Enzi , R - Wyo. ; Charles Grassley , R - Iowa , and Olympia Snowe , R - Maine .
The group recently announced it is rejecting essential provisions like a public insurance option that surveys show the public supports .
Meanwhile , seven mostly Southern House Democrats have been threatening to use their Commerce Committee votes to gut any health care bill , regardless of what the American majority wants .
This , however , is n't about the majority .
These lawmakers , hailing mostly from small states and rural areas , together represent only 13 million people , meaning those speaking for just 4 percent of America are maneuvering to impose their health care will on the other 96 percent of us .
Census figures show that the poverty rates are far higher and per-capita incomes far lower in the 13 legislators ' specific districts than in the nation as a whole .
Put another way , these politicians represent exactly the kinds of districts whose constituents would most benefit from universal health care .
So why are they leading the fight to stop - rather than pass - reform ?
Because when tyranny mixes with legalized bribery , constituents ' economic concerns stop mattering .
Thanks to our undemocratic system and our corrupt campaign finance laws , the health care industry does n't have to fight a 50 - state battle .
It can simply buy a tiny group of congresspeople , which is what it 's done .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , health interests have given these 13 members of Congress $ 12 million in campaign contributions - a huge sum further enhanced by geography .
Remember , politicians trade favors for re-election support - and the best way to ensure re-election is to raise money to for TV airtime ( read : commercials ) .
The result is an amplifier of tyranny : Precisely because the undemocratic system unduly empowers legislators from sparsely populated ( and hence cheap ) media markets , industry cash can more easily purchase tyrannical obstruction from those same legislators .
In this case , that means congresspeople blocking health care reform that would most help their own voters .
Of course , there is talk of circumventing the 13 obstructionists and forcing a un-filibuster - able vote of the full Congress .
Inside the Washington palace , the media court jesters and political aides - de - camp have reacted to such plans by raising predictable charges of improper procedure , poor manners , bad etiquette and other Versailles transgressions .
But the real crime would be letting the tyrants block that vote , trample democracy and kill health care reform in the process .
Teresa
Denk is 59 years old and lives with her father , a former mechanic who is 92 and requires constant care .
Ms. Denk has not held a full - time job since 2000 , when her mother developed cancer and required her daughter ’s full - time care .
Asked how she meets her monthly expenses , she said , “ I do a lot of praying . ”
The economic crisis has spread its pain widely , but it has placed special stresses on the estimated 44 million Americans who provide care for an elderly or disabled relative or spouse , many of whom have already made themselves financially vulnerable trying to balance work and family .
Many like Ms. Denk , who stepped away from the work force , are now facing ever - bleaker prospects .
In a recent survey of 1,005 caregivers , one in six said they had lost a job during the downturn , and 21 percent said they had to share housing with family members to save money .
The survey was conducted by the National Alliance for Caregiving and Evercare , a division of the UnitedHealth Group , which provides long - term health care .
In many cases these caregivers , who rely on help from the government and nonprofit organizations to make ends meet , are finding that such services are being cut in the downturn and have had to assume even more care - related expenses .
Where , O Where have the Progressives All Gone ?
A Lament for a Lost Generation
by Kevin D. Annett
We cannot come to terms with what we do n't understand .
Rian Malan
( My Traitor 's Heart : A South African Exile Returns to Face His Country , His Tribe , and His Conscience )
The undeniable proof that Canada 's churches and government deliberately exterminated entire generations of native people , and specifically their children , has finally been acknowledged , albeit with a cunning duplicity , by the official guardians of public order .
The fact that even the Globe and Mail and other flagships of the Canadian establishment have admitted the truth of a fifty percent death rate in Indian Residential schools illuminates exactly how undeniable is this genocide .
Fifty thousand or more children died over a century .
The butchers can no longer deny the blood on their hands ; they merely brush it off now as dried blood , an antiquated curiosity of no particular importance to anyone .
The dead were , after all , Indians .
And The Others , as we all know , do not respond the same as you or I when nails are pounded through their tongues , or when their newborns are thrown live into roaring furnaces .
Being
Other , they did n't really suffer and die , to we who caused it .
How else can a prominent government pundit claim , remarkably ,
" None of those deaths were the result of deliberate malice ... " .
Two and two equals five , clearly .
But what I find even stranger than such standard doublethink on the part of the perpetrators of a crime is the fact that this exposure of Christian Canada 's savagery has evoked an odd reaction among those whom one would assume would delight in such proof of the system 's bloody deeds : that political species known affectionately if inaccurately as " the Left " .
That reaction , in a word , is absent ; and even more odious is the fact that , when pressed for a response to their own home - grown genocide , " leftists " in Canada will shake their heads and squint disapprovingly with even more vigor than so - called conservatives , and will , almost to a comrade , avoid residential school protests , survivors , and the whole bloody issue like the plague .
A classic case in point was when I showed proof of the huge death rate in United Church residential schools to an editor of the Communist Party 's newspaper in Vancouver .
The man looked shocked , then began shaking his head , exclaiming ,
" The church could n't have done that !
I mean , my own wife is a United Church member ! " .
Allow , for a moment , the terrible irony of this truth to outweigh any of the reasons for it , for the cause is clear enough .
How magnificently ironic that the same " radicals " who for so long have decried church and state have refused to publicize the very proof of what they have alleged so abstractly : that our society is murderous , that church , state and corporations are a blood - soaked triangle that built Canada on ethnic cleansing and mass killing , and that this slaughter continues .
It 's not even that progressives have had to work hard to learn any of this , either .
The proof has already been documented , painstakingly , by others : in detail , eye witnessed , and corroborated , and now even acknowledged by the mainstream press .
Yet the voices of the Left continue to stay mute about the Canadian Holocaust , and their numbers are nowhere to be seen at the struggling protests and press conferences held by the residential school survivors .
Is the Left merely a pretense in Canada ?
If not , then why is it so comatose when it comes to the worst crime in Canadian history ?
Even from a purely partisan position , cannot socialists grasp the incredible implications , and political potential , evoked by the Canadian Holocaust 's complete indictment of the Canadian ruling class and all its major institutions ?
When have Leftists ever been handed such a thorough validation of their beliefs : that our society was born in blood and is maintained by oppression and lies ?
And yet to the Canadian Left , if one can judge by their actions and attitudes , genocide never happened in Canada .
Such gross political idiocy makes no sense whatsoever ; assuming , that is , that the Left actually possesses a modicum of life and intelligence anymore .
But regardless of this , it behooves anyone who is committed to human liberation and justice , and especially every native person , to ponder why the Canadian Left has missed the boat , once again , and abandoned the most oppressed people in their midst .
....................................................................................................................
Flashback to February of 2007 , and a cluttered office in Ottawa belonging to a non-descript Member of Parliament named Dennis Bevington .
Dennis belongs to the NDP , that stillborn , ostensibly " left wing " party that stands like a neglected child , perpetually outside the doors of power in Canada .
Dennis was distinctly cowed that morning , for his appointment with me had been hijacked at the last minute by a more senior NDP politician , Jean Crowder , that party 's national " Aboriginal Affairs " critic and a good friend of the United Church of Canada , one of the main actors in the residential school crimes .
The air was as stifled as Dennis Bevington as Ms. Crowder breezed into his office , and looked at me with something more than caution .
" I do n't have much time ... " she began , hovering .
" But I heard you were here . "
I nodded , and my partner Carol pulled out pen and paper , which seemed to unnerve the politician even more .
" That 's okay " I replied .
" Since you 're here , I might as well ask you a few questions . "
" Questions ? " Jean said nervously .
" Yeah .
I 'm just wondering if the NDP would support a motion in Parliament to set up an investigation into the children who died in the Indian residential schools . "
Jean blinked hard , as if I 'd hit her .
She glared at Dennis , who sank more deeply into his chair .
" That 's a complex issue " she finally blustered .
Looking lost , she fell back onto her political cue cards .
" We in the NDP are committed to working with First Nations to bring about healing from the residential schools ... "
I smiled at her , which halted the rhetoric .
" Look , we could n't act unilaterally like that without consulting the appropriate First Nations groups first " she said .
" Which groups ? " I asked .
Jean said nothing .
" So does that mean you wo n't support such a motion ? " I continued .
" Not at this time , no " Jean answered .
" When would you ? " I asked , as Carol scribbled .
Jean Crowder stared at me with a sudden look that had cold daggers in it .
The meeting was adjourned .
Two months later , a conservative politician , not a " socialist " , stood up in the Parliament of Canada and spoke for the first time of the missing and dead residential school children .
.......................................................................................................................
It 's perhaps not accidental that Conservative Prime Minister Steven Harper is the first person ever to occupy that position who is not tied personally to one of the churches that ran the residential schools and killed children there .
He 's also the first Prime Minister since 1968 , save one , who is n't part of the Roman Catholic church , which set up the residential schools and ran two - thirds of them .
Jean Crowder , Bill Blaikie , leader Jack Layton and lots of other NDP Members of Parliament are either loyal United Church members or actual clergymen .
And , again not coincidentally , it was the NDP government in British Columbia who in 1995 helped have me fired and who covered for the United Church , when I challenged the church about its secret horse trading in stolen native land on Vancouver Island .
The Canadian Left has never drifted far from the NDP in practice , and regardless of their politics has looked forlornly to that party to carry its hopes and dreams .
Even the Communist Party still prattles on about a " progressive alliance " with the NDP .
So whenever the latter frowns upon a person or a cause , you can rest assured that progressives of every brand will follow step .
Maybe that 's all there is to it : genocide in Canada , and me , are on the official shit list , to be avoided at all costs .
But I suspect the rot goes much deeper .
I had a white South African friend called Neil Cohen , who split from his country back in the seventies so he would n't have to shoot black people as a military reservist .
Neil had a few good insights about his people , and they remind me a lot of my own .
" Every white feels better than every black , it does n't matter their politics " Neil described to me one night .
" I liked the right - wing Boers ' cause they were honest about that .
Who I could n't stand were the other whites , the so - called socialists , who would n't admit it .
They 'd never go near a black person , they never went into one of the Bantustans , they were too scared to .
You never saw a black person in one of their groups or at any of their protests .
They just talked a good line about ending apartheid but they did n't know what the hell it was , and how they were just as much a part of it . "
Change " blacks " to " Indians " , and you have an accurate account of Canada and its " Left " .
I remember when I was a member of a marxist group called the International Socialists , during my twenties , about the same time I first met Neil Cohen in Hamilton , Ontario .
Our lily - white radical grouplet of several dozen people spent most of our time denouncing oppression , but none of us knew what it actually was : especially when it came to aboriginals .
Native people were not simply exotic and distant to us : they did n't exist in our minds , and certainly not in the columns of our newspaper or leaflets or discussion bulletins .
Like every other white Canadian , to we " revolutionaries " , Indians were invisible and of no account .
Native militancy , Red Power and the American Indian Movement began to change that , but like a bus we ran after to catch , we jumped aboard the " native solidarity " bandwagon because it was moving and we were n't ; and once there , we never took the time to come to know and learn from the people we had joined , because we did n't want to know them .
I see firsthand how none of this built - in racism has changed among the Left in Canada in thirty years , whenever a radical conference or a protest begins with the obligatory token " prayer from a native elder " , or a thanking of the local native nation for meeting on their land - as if we had ever asked permission .
The fact that such patronizing and insulting behavior never seems to change among white radicals suggests the presence of an even more entrenched , pervasive mental apartheid in Canada that makes South Africa look like a liberated zone .
Maybe it 's not a fair comparison .
After all , unlike South Africa , we whites are 90 % of the population here , and we won the war against our original peoples , so why would we ever have to change ?
Part of winning means that your official mythology and self - image gets enshrined and so ingrained that it becomes invisible , and therefore all - controlling .
Every single white person in Canada is born into a snug and self - justifying mythology , and rarely leaves it , regardless of his or her politics .
We are all , to quote Neil Cohen , " automatic imperialists " .
That 's not a reason for personal guilt , for we are n't unique in the world .
Any citizen of Empire carries its mindset .
Lenin helped diagnose this malaise in 1916 , when he described , in his brilliant work on Imperialism , how the super - profits of European empires had created an " aristocracy of labor " in the home countries , and shaped the consciousness of workers and the Left to identify with Imperial rule over colonized peoples .
Of course , the old political labels and distinctions clearly mean nothing anymore , on the ground , any more than do the terms " white " or " aboriginal " .
For we are in a post - Imperial epoch , our species is in a final battle for survival , and the enemy is ourselves .
................................................................................................
Once upon a time , there was a radical counter - culture in the world , and even in Canada , that felt in its gut every injustice done to a man or woman , and tried to raise the most crushed soul to become the subject of history .
In my youth , during the waning glow of the sixties , I encountered the remnants of that culture , not in the media - focused " flower child " fad , but among individual men and women who for their entire lives had stood by and never abandoned itinerant workers , the homeless , immigrants , the underpaid and unorganized , and the most endangered people among us .
Most of these bright souls called themselves socialists and communists , the real kind , not politicians but visionaries : those who saw and fought for of a world of actual equality where none would rule over or profit from or bomb another - the kind of dreamers whom Jesus called blessed .
But their kind died or withdrew somehow as the seventies gave way to the long despair called Reaganism and Thatcherism , and the global technocratic fascism that emerged from it .
One of those dreamers was my strongest teacher , an aging radical named Don Eperson , whom I met the same year that Neil Cohen and I did , when I was an unemployed metal fitter in Hamilton 's east end .
I first glimpsed Don outside Hamilton city hall one noon hour , where he was conducting a one - man picket against the Mayor , unemployment and the whole rotten system .
Don was seventy eight years old and the kind of loud and ornery type that Canadians abhor , because he always said exactly what he felt .
" Vote ? "
Don exploded at a reporter who asked him if he'd thought of running for office .
" Join that motley crew of thieves and liars ?
Those henchmen of the rich ?
Do I look like one of them black tie parasites ? "
Don and I got to know each other well in the year remaining to him .
He had been an itinerant union organizer most of his life until he became too radical for the unions and the NDP , simply by remaining true to his principles
" I figure the only thing to do is keep making a stink .
People forget they got that power .
Nobody looks out for their neighbor anymore , like we did in the thirties .
How the hell do you figure we survived all that shit ?
By helping the guy below you , lifting him up , and bringing down them that 's keeping them down .
You gotta make it hard for the rich to treat us like dirt , keep making a stink .
That 's the only way we 'll stop all of these kids from being sacrificed again , in their next war . "
I kept nodding as Don regaled me thus , as we slurped our drinks in a local bar soon after we met .
He looked at me through rheumy eyes and said suddenly ,
" You know what your only problem is , son ?
That skin color of yours .
It 'll keep you too safe , and stupid . "
Offended , I tried a response , but he cut me off .
" I knew this old Injun once , back in my Montreal days .
We was drinking buddies and I dated his sister ' til she killed herself .
A Mohawk war chief , he was , name was Red .
I tried introducing him to all my Communist Party friends , tried to bring him to our branch meeting , but they kept him out , would n't have nuthin ' to do with him .
Red took it easier than I did .
Used to it , I guess .
He said somethin ' to me later I 'll never forget . "
Don paused and stared at me for full effect .
" Red said , ' Don , I like you , you 're the only white man who 's ever treated me like a friend .
But you 'll always be a white man .
And I 'll always be an Indian . ' "
Maybe Red was wrong .
It did n't seem to make any difference to Don , who kept fighting the lost causes to the end .
To him , it all came down to whose back you 're sitting on , and what kind of blinders you need to stay perched there .
What I do know is that Red and Don are standing with me , all the time , but especially at those moments when only a few of us confront the immovable edifices of church and state , and call out the names of their victims .
Our whiteness keeps us safe , and stupid , it 's true .
And short of being tossed out of the Beast and finding ourselves on the killing floor alongside the next group of expendable people , that is n't going to change .
But that does n't matter , of course , since , as scions of Empire , things are n't in our hands .
The last really will be the first , and although it 's our turn to become the last , that 's where truth always finds you : when there 's nothing left .
June 10 , 2009
............................
The Department of Defense has identified 4,308 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 705 who have died as part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Sunday :
Iraq
HAZLEWOOD , Joshua L. , 22 , Specialist , Army ; Manvel , Tex. ; 614th Automated Cargo Documentation Detachment .
Afghanistan
BRADSHAW , Brian N. , 24 , First Lt. , Army ; Steilacoom , Wash . ; 25th Infantry Division .
Marcel Hilzinger
An employee of Google has expressed himself regarding the disadvantages of OGG Theora in comparison with H.264 in a discussion on the mailing list of the web hypertext application technology working group .
Google supports many free software projects , including the Videocodec OGG Theora .
The Google browser Chrome is intended to also play videos in free OGG Theora Codec ( thanks to HTML 5 ) , in addition to H.264 coded videos .
Google would also like to use the capabilities of HTML 5 for its video portal Youtube .
In this case , H.264 should also be put to use .
According to Chris DiBona , OGG
Theora would use too much bandwidth to achieve a quality level consistent with the current state .
" If [ YouTube ] were to switch to theora and maintain even a semblance of the current youtube quality it would take up most available bandwidth across the internet . ”
Allies of the free Codec did not leave this provocative statement uncontested for long : Greg Maxwell from Xiph published a comparison between H.263/H.264 and the current Theora version on his homepage .
He came to the conclusion that Theora ’s smaller bitrate clearly cuts better than the currently used on Youtube H.263 Codec and the patent protected H.264 Codec .
Maxwell also received support from Mozilla developers and Wikimedia fans .
David Gerard emphasized that the MPEG LA would begin to charge license fees for streaming with H.264 .
For this reason , many fear Codec will not indefinitely possess the capability of being used easily anymore .
A crucial point on possible alternatives to Theora was brought up by free consultant Silvia Pfeiffer and explained that the danger of a submarine patent in Theora is very low .
Following Wikimedia and Archive , Daily Motion is the third biggest film site which uses OGG Theora as Codec .
The thus coded videos can be viewed in Firefox 3.5 , Opera , or Google Chrome without requiring additional plug-ins .
When John G. Roberts , Jr. , emerges from behind the red curtains and takes his place in the middle of the Supreme Court bench , he usually wears a pair of reading glasses , which he peers over to see the lawyers arguing before him .
It ’s an old - fashioned look for the Chief Justice of the United States , who is fifty - four , but , even with the glasses , there ’s no mistaking that Roberts is the youngest person on the Court .
( John Paul Stevens , the senior Associate Justice , who sits to Roberts ’s right , is thirty - five years older . )
Roberts ’s face is unlined , his shoulders are broad and athletic , and only a few wisps of gray hair mark him as changed in any way from the judge who charmed the Senate Judiciary Committee at his confirmation hearing , in 2005 .
On April 29th , the last day of arguments for the Court ’s current term , the Justices heard Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District No. 1 v. Holder , a critical case about the future of the Voting Rights Act .
Congress originally passed the law in 1965 , and three years ago overwhelmingly passed its latest reauthorization , rejecting arguments that improvements in race relations had rendered the act unnecessary .
Specifically , the bill , signed by President George W. Bush in 2006 , kept in place Section 5 of the law , which says that certain jurisdictions , largely in the Old South , have to obtain the approval of the Justice Department before making any changes to their electoral rules , from the location of polling places to the boundaries of congressional districts .
A small utility district in Texas challenged that part of the law , making the same argument that members of Congress had just discounted — that this process , known as preclearance , amounted to a form of discrimination against the citizens of the New South .
Roberts said little to the lawyer for the plaintiff , but when Neal K. Katyal , the Deputy Solicitor General , took to the lectern to defend the Voting Rights Act , the Chief Justice pounced .
“ As I understand it , one - twentieth of one per cent of the submissions are not precleared , ” Roberts said .
“ That , to me , suggests that they are sweeping far more broadly than they need to to address the intentional discrimination under the Fifteenth Amendment ” — which guarantees the right to vote regardless of race .
“ I disagree with that , Mr. Chief Justice , ” Katyal said .
“ I think what it represents is that Section 5 is actually working very well — that it provides a deterrent . ”
According to Katyal , the fact that the Justice Department cleared almost all electoral changes proved , in effect , that the South had been trained , if not totally reformed .
Roberts removed his glasses and stared down at Katyal .
“ That ’s like the old elephant whistle , ” he said .
“ You know , ‘ I have this whistle to keep away the elephants . ’
You know , well , that ’s silly .
‘ Well , there are no elephants , so it must work . ’ ”
Roberts was relentless in challenging Katyal : “ So your answer is that Congress can impose this disparate treatment forever because of the history in the South ? ”
“ Absolutely not , ” Katyal said .
“ When can they — when do they have to stop ? ”
“ Congress here said that twenty - five years was the appropriate reauthorization period . ”
“ Well , they said five years originally , and then another twenty years , ” Roberts said , referring to previous reauthorizations of the act .
“ I mean , at some point it begins to look like the idea is that this is going to go on forever . ”
And this , ultimately , was the source of Roberts ’s frustration — and not just in this case .
In a series of decisions in the past four years , the Chief Justice has expressed the view that the time has now passed when the Court should allow systemic remedies for racial discrimination .
The previous week , the Court heard a challenge by a group of white firefighters in New Haven who were denied promotions even though they had scored better than black applicants on a test .
Roberts was , if anything , even more belligerent in questioning the lawyer defending the city .
“ Now , why is this not intentional discrimination ? ” he asked .
“ You are going to have to explain that to me again , because there are particular individuals here , ” he said .
“ And they say they did n’t get their jobs because of intentional racial action by the city . ”
He added , “ You maybe do n’t care whether it ’s Jones or Smith who is not getting the promotion , ” he said .
“ All you care about is who is getting the promotion .
All you care about is his race . ”
When Antonin Scalia joined the Court , in 1986 , he brought a new gladiatorial spirit to oral arguments , and in subsequent years the Justices have often used their questions as much for campaign speeches as for requests for information .
Roberts , though , has taken this practice to an extreme , and now , even more than the effervescent Scalia , it is the Chief Justice , with his slight Midwestern twang , who dominates the Court ’s public sessions .
Roberts ’s hard - edged performance at oral argument offers more than just a rhetorical contrast to the rendering of himself that he presented at his confirmation hearing .
“ Judges are like umpires , ” Roberts said at the time .
“ Umpires do n’t make the rules .
They apply them .
The role of an umpire and a judge is critical .
They make sure everybody plays by the rules .
But it is a limited role .
Nobody ever went to a ballgame to see the umpire . ”
His jurisprudence as Chief Justice , Roberts said , would be characterized by “ modesty and humility . ”
After four years on the Court , however , Roberts ’s record is not that of a humble moderate but , rather , that of a doctrinaire conservative .
The kind of humility that Roberts favors reflects a view that the Court should almost always defer to the existing power relationships in society .
In every major case since he became the nation ’s seventeenth Chief Justice , Roberts has sided with the prosecution over the defendant , the state over the condemned , the executive branch over the legislative , and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff .
Even more than Scalia , who has embodied judicial conservatism during a generation of service on the Supreme Court , Roberts has served the interests , and reflected the values , of the contemporary Republican Party .
Two days after the argument in the Voting Rights Act case , David H. Souter announced his resignation , giving President Barack Obama his first chance to nominate a Justice to the Court .
The first Democratic nominee to the Court in fifteen years will confront what is now , increasingly , John Roberts ’s Court .
Along with Scalia , Clarence Thomas , Samuel A. Alito , Jr. , and ( usually ) Anthony Kennedy , the majority of the Court is moving right as the rest of the country — or , at least , the rest of the federal government — is moving left .
At this low moment in the historical reputation of George W. Bush , his nominee for Chief Justice stands in signal contrast to what appears today to be a failed and fading tenure as President .
Roberts ’s service on the Court , which is , of course , likely to continue for decades , offers an enduring and faithful reflection of the Bush Presidency .
“ You do n’t need to sacrifice good grammar in order to talk dirty . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The Justices of the Supreme Court , as a rule , spare themselves unnecessary tedium .
Their public hearings are lean and to the point ; they hear lawyers ’ arguments and , later , announce their decisions .
Still , one relic of more leisurely times remains .
Several times a month , before the start of the day ’s oral arguments , the Justices allow attorneys to be sworn in as members of the Supreme Court bar in person , a process that can take fifteen minutes .
( Most lawyers now conduct the swearing - in process by mail . )
Rehnquist barely tolerated the practice , rushing through it and mumbling the names , and several colleagues ( notably Souter ) display an ostentatious boredom that verges on rudeness .
John Roberts , in contrast , welcomes each new lawyer with a smile , and when fathers or mothers put forth their lawyer children for admission — a tradition of sorts at the Court — the Chief makes sure to acknowledge “ your son ” and “ your daughter ” on the record .
Everyone beams .
It ’s a small thing , of course , but just one example of Roberts ’s appealing behavior in public , much as the nation viewed it during his testimony before the Judiciary Committee .
At the time , Senator Dick Durbin , an Illinois Democrat who voted against Roberts ’s confirmation , nonetheless observed that he was so ingratiating that he had “ retired the trophy ” for performance by a judicial nominee .
When , early in his tenure , a light bulb exploded in the courtroom in the middle of a hearing , Roberts quipped , “ It ’s a trick they play on new Chief Justices all the time . ”
Laughter broke the tension .
Roberts was born in Buffalo on January 27 , 1955 , and raised in northern Indiana , where his father was an executive with a steel company and his mother a homemaker .
( He has three sisters . )
Jackie , as he was known , was educated at Catholic schools , and graduated from La Lumiere , at the time an all - boys parochial boarding school in LaPorte .
He was the classic well - rounded star student — valedictorian and captain of the football team .
He went on to Harvard , majored in history , and graduated in three years , summa cum laude .
At Harvard Law School , Roberts continued to excel , in an even more competitive atmosphere .
“ He was extremely smart , ” said Laurence Tribe , the liberal scholar who taught Roberts constitutional law and grew to know him through his work on the Law Review .
“ He was really very good at being thoughtful and careful and not particularly conspicuous .
He was very lawyerly , even as a law student . ”
In the mid-seventies , the atmosphere at Harvard still reflected the tumult of the sixties .
Roberts stood out as a conservative , though not a notably intense one .
“ On the Law Review , John was the managing editor , so that meant he gave us our work assignments every day , ” Elizabeth Geise , who was a year behind Roberts in law school , said .
“ He was very honest , straightforward , lot of integrity , fair .
He was conservative , and we all knew that .
That was unusual in those days .
You could n’t think of a guy who was a straighter arrow . ”
After graduating magna cum laude , in 1979 , Roberts first clerked for Henry J. Friendly , of the federal appeals court in New York , who was legendary for his scholarship and erudition , but was not known as an especially partisan figure .
From New York , Roberts moved to the Supreme Court , where he became a clerk for Associate Justice William H. Rehnquist , and it was in Washington that his political education began .
Rehnquist , appointed by Richard Nixon in 1972 , was , in his first decade as a Justice , almost a fringe right - wing figure on the Court , which was then dominated by William J. Brennan , Jr. But Ronald Reagan ’s election to the Presidency , which took place just a few months into Roberts ’s clerkship , lifted Rehnquist to power and , more broadly , gave flight to the conservative legal movement .
At that early stage of the Reagan era , conservatives had a problem , because there were no institutions where like - minded lawyers could be nurtured ; the Federalist Society , the conservative legal group , was not founded until 1982 .
“ Roberts got a lot of attention because he clerked for Rehnquist , ” said Steven Teles , a professor of political science at Johns Hopkins and the author of “ The Rise of the Conservative Legal Movement . ”
“ Without the Federalist Society , there were not a lot of other ways for the Administration to make sure that they were getting true conservatives .
The Rehnquist clerkship marked Roberts as someone who could be trusted . ”
As a former law clerk to Rehnquist , not to mention his immediate successor as Chief Justice , Roberts was an obvious choice to deliver the annual lecture named for Rehnquist at the University of Arizona law school in February .
Roberts is a gifted public speaker — relaxed , often funny , sometimes self - deprecating — and he began his speech with a warm remembrance of his mentor .
Like Barack Obama , Roberts can make reading from a prepared text look almost spontaneous .
“ I first met William Rehnquist more than twenty - eight years ago , ” he told the audience in Tucson .
“ The initial meeting left a strong impression on me .
Justice Rehnquist was friendly and unpretentious .
He wore scuffed Hush Puppy shoes .
That was my first lesson .
Clothes do not make the man .
The Justice sported long sideburns and Buddy Holly glasses long after they were fashionable .
And he wore loud ties that I am confident were never fashionable . ”
Before long , though , Roberts steered away from nostalgic reverie and into constitutional controversy .
He maintained his relaxed and conversational cadence , but his words reflected a sharply partisan world view .
“ When Justice Rehnquist came onto the Court , I think it ’s fair to say that the practice of constitutional law — how constitutional law was made — was more fluid and wide - ranging than it is today , more in the realm of political science , ” Roberts said .
“ Now , over Justice Rehnquist ’s time on the Court , the method of analysis and argument shifted to the more solid grounds of legal arguments — what are the texts of the statutes involved , what precedents control .
Rehnquist , a student both of political science and the law , was significantly responsible for that seismic shift . ”
Rehnquist joined the Court toward the end of its liberal heyday — the era when the Justices expanded civil - rights protections for minorities , established new barriers between church and state , and , most famously , recognized a constitutional right to abortion for women .
This period , in Roberts ’s telling , was the bad old days .
These sentiments reflect a common view for conservatives like Roberts .
“ There really was a sense at the time among the lawyers in his Administration that Reagan had a mandate for comprehensive change in the nature of government , ” Teles said .
“ They thought a lot of what the liberals had done in creating , say , affirmative action was simply interest - group politics and not really ‘ law ’ at all , and it was their job to restore professionalism to the legal profession in government . ”
“ I heard about John , and I immediately tried to hire him , ” Charles Fried , the Harvard law professor who was Reagan ’s second Solicitor General , said .
Kenneth Starr , who was chief of staff to William French Smith , Reagan ’s Attorney General , had hired Roberts as a special assistant to Smith .
Roberts then went to work at the White House , as an associate counsel .
All the lawyers who worked for Reagan were , in some general sense , conservative , but there is a difference between those , like Roberts , who came of age during Reagan ’s first term in office and those who prospered in his second .
“ The Department of Justice in the first term was full of serious , principled people , ” Teles said .
“ They did n’t see themselves as part of the Christian right , or even necessarily part of a larger political movement , but they did think of themselves as real lawyers who were reacting to what they thought of as the excesses of liberalism . ”
They believed , Teles said , “ in what they called judicial restraint and strict constructionism .
Roberts comes out of this world . ”
Liberal critics , in turn , regard this view as unduly deferential to the status quo and thus a kind of abdication of the judicial role .
Roberts in high school , where he was valedictorian and football captain .
Photograph from La Lumiere School / AP
The legal philosophy of Edwin Meese III , which promoted an “ originalist ” view of the Constitution , dominated Reagan ’s second term .
Originalists , whose ranks now include Scalia and Thomas , believe that the Constitution should be interpreted in line with the intentions and beliefs of its framers .
“ John was not part of the Meese crowd , ” one lawyer who worked with Roberts in the Reagan years said .
“ They cared more about a strict separation of powers , and even some limitations on executive and government power . ”
In an attempt to stave off a formal split in the regime , he declared all four candidates were part of the Islamic system .
" The competition for the election was very clear and we can until now we can witness that the competition was among four persons who are from and belong to the Islamic system , " he said .
Ralph Guldahl tees off in front of a large gallery during a 1940s Masters Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia ( Image : Augusta National / Getty Images )
In 1939 , Ralph Guldahl was a giant in the game of golf .
A towering figure on the links , the taciturn Texan seemingly came from nowhere to win successive US Opens in 1937 and 1938 , and then the Masters in 1939 .
But after writing Groove Your Golf , a step - by - step guide for beginners , Guldahl never won another championship .
“ He went from being the being temporarily the best player in the world , to one who could n’t play at all , ” said fellow PGA champion Paul Runyan .
The question that has haunted golfers ever since is : did too much thinking derail one of the sport ’s greatest talents ?
“ HOW can you hit and think at the same time ? ” the gnomic American baseball player Yogi Berra once asked .
It ’s a question that has hung for decades over a forgotten great of golfing : a tall , shy Texan called Ralph Guldahl .
Born in Dallas in 1911 to Norwegian immigrant parents , the young Guldahl began hanging around his local golf course hoping to earn a few cents caddying .
He did n’t get much work and instead spent his time watching the players .
Then , late in the evening , he would sneak onto the links and imitate what he had seen .
When he could n’t get onto the course , he practised on empty baseball diamonds by chipping balls onto the bases .
The self - taught prodigy was soon winning local tournaments , and the course of his career was set .
By 1931 Guldahl had turned pro , joining the …
♫ E-603 // Mashup Artist ♫
Who is better , E - 603 or Girl Talk ?
Be prepared to hear that argument a lot in the future .
E-603 is an up and coming mashup artist that will never escape comparisons to Girl Talk .
I ’ve read a handful of reviews and the general consensus seems to be that E - 603 puts on better live shows than Girl Talk , and if you ’ve ever been to a GT show ( I ’ve been to 3 ) , you know that is saying a lot .
He has two albums out and both are 100 % free .
Here are a few preview tracks as well as links to the albums .
His first album Something for Everyone is pretty good but his sophomore release Torn Up is really , really , really good .
Download , enjoy , and be on the lookout for upcoming shows .
These tracks are all from Torn Up .
E -603 – Still Riding
E -603 – You Can Get
E -603 – Hey Shorty
E -603 – Something for Everyone
( click here or pic to download )
1st album
E -603 – Torn Up
( click here or pic to download )
2nd album
Determine the complexity of functions by testing them on inputs of various sizes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ubisoft's Scott Cushing demonstrates war simulation video game Ruse , on an IntuiFace touch - screen computer .
The system was displayed at the E3 gaming convention in Los Angeles .
Google last month reserved 1 million phone numbers with Level 3 , signaling that it may finally be ready to roll out its long - anticipated Google Voice service .
The free service , announced in March , lets users unify their phone numbers , allowing them to have a single number through Google Voice that rings a call through to all their phones .
Sources could not say when the 1 million numbers may be assigned .
Level 3 has been supplying Google with phone numbers since the introduction of Google Voice , so the 1 million numbers are an indication Google is close to adding a significant amount of users .
A Google spokesperson would only say “ as a matter of policy , we typically do not comment on contracts with third - party technology suppliers … ”
Google Voice has a number of unique features including call transfer between a user ’s devices , multi-party conferencing , conversion of voice calls to text messages , cut -rate international calling , and call transcription …
But the gem is the fact that a user can have one phone number people can dial to reach them regardless of where they are located , either home or mobile .
Google Voice uses VoIP to link collections of phone numbers .
Yeah , I just checked .
Google Voice ai n’t available , yet .
Leave ’em your email address and they say they ’ll drop you a note as soon as they hit the cyberstreets .
We appreciate the information provided to us about SMS vulnerabilities which affect several mobile phone platforms .
This morning , less than 24 hours after a demonstration of this exploit , we 've issued a free software update that eliminates the vulnerability from the iPhone .
Contrary to what 's been reported , no one has been able to take control of the iPhone to gain access to personal information using this exploit .
Looks like Apple pulled the trigger on patching that nasty iPhone SMS vulnerability a little earlier than we expected -- the iPhone OS 3.0.1 update just hit iTunes .
It 's not some lightweight , either : you 're looking at 280 MB of love here , so get downloading , friends .
Here 's what Apple rep Tom Neumayr had to say about this little episode .
Well ... what do you know about that ?
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Dandelion Salad
By Esam Al - Amin
http://www.counterpunch.org
June 22 , 2009
A Hard Look at the Numbers
Since the June 12 Iranian presidential elections , Iran “ experts ” have mushroomed like bacteria in a Petri dish .
So here is a quiz for all those instant experts .
Which major country has elected more presidents than any in the world since 1980 ?
Further , which nation is the only one that held ten presidential elections within thirty years of its revolution ?
The answer to both questions , of course , is Iran .
Since 1980 , it has elected six presidents , while the U.S. is a close second with five , and France at three .
In addition , the U.S. held four presidential elections within three decades of its revolution to Iran ’s ten .
The Iranian elections have unified the left and the right in the West and unleashed harsh criticisms and attacks from the “ outraged ” politicians to the “ indignant ” mainstream media .
Even the blogosphere has joined this battle with near uniformity , on the side of Iran ’s opposition , which is quite rare in cyberspace .
Much of the allegations of election fraud have been just that : unsubstantiated accusations .
No one has yet been able to provide a solid shred of evidence of wide scale fraud that would have garnered eleven million votes for one candidate over his opponent .
[…]
via Esam Al - Amin : What Actually Happened in the Iranian Presidential Election ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Hundreds of General Motors dealers will find out this week if their businesses will be sacrificed as cries for automakers to cut costs rise from Wall Street and Capitol Hill .
The automaker , its dealers and outside experts agree that shuttering dealerships wo n't save much money and could cause significant short - term pain .
But experts say GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) has a rare chance , with bankruptcy looming , to strip dealers of their franchise contracts quickly and set themselves up for long - term benefits .
" It 's a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity for GM , " said Bruce Belzowski , an auto industry expert at the University of Michigan .
Meanwhile , dealer groups are launching last ditch battles against the cuts , arguing that drastic closings could hamper a fragile American economy .
Difficult surgery
GM plans to reduce the number of dealerships by more than 40 % by the end of next year .
That means 2,600 of GM 's almost 6,300 dealerships will close .
Many dealers are on the way out anyway , closing simply because of the economic downturn and the tight credit market .
More will be closed or sold off as GM sheds its Hummer , Saturn , Saab and Pontiac brands .
Others will be pushed out by GM .
As many as 1,500 dealership contracts will be selectively pulled by the automaker because the dealerships are poor performers or because they are in locations already saturated with dealers selling the same brands .
" We might be over - dealered in some of the metro areas where competition has moved in , " said GM spokeswoman Susan Garontakos .
Ordinarily , automakers have to negotiate individually with each dealer whose contract they want to terminate .
When GM shut down its Oldsmobile brand in the early 2000's , it 's estimated that it cost the carmaker more than $ 1 billion , much of that in payouts to compensate dealers .
Dealers , which are independently owned and operated businesses , are protected by strong state franchise laws , in part because they are so important to local economies .
Almost 20 % of a state 's sales taxes typically come from auto dealerships , for instance .
Dealerships also offer good , high - paying jobs .
Dealers fight back
The National Automobile Dealer 's Association and dealer groups for both GM and Chrysler are fighting the cuts .
Dealership supporters are highlighting the negative impacts of the cuts as they campaign in the courts and in Washington to save at least some of their dealerships .
The cuts , as planned , will result in the loss about 140,000 jobs , according to NADA .
Since they are independently owned and operated businesses , an auto dealership does not cost a manufacturer much money , the groups point out .
Instead , dealerships are a source of income since they - not customers - actually buy cars from the manufacturers .
That 's something often lost on outside observers , said Gary Dilts , formerly head of sales at Chrysler and now a senior vice president at J.D. Power and Associates .
" There seems to be almost a sense that these dealerships are a financial burden to the carmakers , and they 're really not , " he said .
Also , the carmakers themselves may have to buy back excess inventory .
The remaining dealerships may not be able to step in immediately and pick up sales , said John McEleney , chairman of the NADA .
" When a dealership closes , a manufacturer loses market share for about 18 months , " he said .
Reduced competition , especially around big cities , will lead to higher car prices for consumers , McEleney said .
Even as car prices plunge , customers seem resistant to return .
High inventories are already a problem for GM , which has announced steps to deal with it .
The automaker will be closing many of its factories for as much 11 weeks this summer , Garontakos pointed out .
That should help prevent the backlog of unsold cars and trucks from getting worse .
Long - term gains
The upside of cuts is that the surviving dealers can present a better image for the manufacturer and over time , said Dilts , the surviving dealer network will be able to pick up lost sales volume as the economy improves .
More profitable dealers can spend more on store upgrades , build more service bays to take care of customers and provide better salaries and higher commissions to attract the best employees .
" We feel that customers like to visit nice , clean , upgraded facilities , " said Garontakos .
Just reducing the sheer number of dealerships is n't the goal for GM .
" They 're going to leave their ' power stores ' together in their key markets , " said Dilts .
GM 's dealership network gives it certain advantages over a rival like Toyota said GM sales spokesman John McDonald .
Asian car dealers are concentrated in urban areas with relatively few locations in America 's vast rural areas .
Car and truck shoppers who live far from urban centers feel more comfortable buying a GM product because they can count on service at a dealership close to home .
" That 's why the have 60 % market share in pickup trucks , " agreed Belzowski
So GM is likely to trim more dealers in urban areas with many locations covering a relatively small zone while preserving its coverage in the vast rural expanses where competitors are few .
Hard and fast
Dealers understand that Detroit automakers need to reduce the number of dealerships to better match today 's actual market share , McEleney said .
" It 's the depth and speed of these cuts that we object to , " he said .
The automaker may want to err on the side of caution : Cutting too many dealers , rather than not enough , while the opportunity to do so relatively cheaply is at hand .
GM has increased the speed and number of planned dealer closings in response to pressure from the Treasury Department , to which it owes its very survival .
A source familiar with Treasury 's thinking denied that the government had set any specific targets or goals for GM 's dealer programs .
Given the severity of the problems , even officials in Washington may be surprised to see just how much pain must be inflicted to save the struggling auto companies , Belzowski said .
" There 's more blood on the floor than , I 'm sure , the administration would like to have seen , " he said , " and now it 's going to be dealer blood , as well . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
An 88 - year - old Maryland man with a long history of ties to white supremacist groups is the suspect in Wednesday 's fatal shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , two law enforcement officials told CNN .
The Web site Holy Western Empire includes writings by James von Brunn and a biography .
more photos »
James W. von Brunn served six years in prison for trying to make what he called a " legal , non-violent citizens arrest " of Federal Reserve Board members in 1981 -- a prison term he blamed on " a Negro jury , Jew / Negro attorneys " and " a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , Holy Western Empire .
" He is in our files going back way into the 1980s , " said Heidi Beirich , a researcher for the Southern Poverty Law Center , based in Montgomery , Alabama .
" He has an extremely long history with neo -Nazis and white supremacists .
He 's written extremely incendiary publications , raging about Jews , blacks and the like . "
Von Brunn is a native of St. Louis , Missouri , and a 1943 graduate of Washington University there .
According to his online biography , he served as a Navy officer in World War II and became an advertising artist and executive after the war .
But by the late 1970s , Beirich told CNN , he had become a " hard - core neo - Nazi " and an associate of William Pierce -- the white supremacist leader whose 1978 book , " The Turner Diaries , " is blamed for inspiring Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh .
Watch more about von Brunn 's history with neo -Nazis »
In December 1981 , angered by what he called the " treacherous and unconstitutional " acts of the Federal Reserve , von Brunn entered the central bank 's Washington headquarters armed with a pistol , a shotgun , a knife and a mock bomb , according to court records .
He claimed to be a photographer who wanted to shoot pictures of the boardroom , and bolted up the stairs when security guards told him to wait .
While being subdued , he claimed to have planted a bomb , which forced the building 's evacuation , court records state .
He told officers he was upset over high interest rates -- then well into double digits -- and the state of the economy , which was in a recession .
Von Brunn , then 62 , was sentenced to 11 years in prison on attempted kidnapping , second - degree burglary , assault and weapons charges .
Read more about von Brunn 's criminal record
In a December 1984 appeal , his court - appointed attorney , John Hogrogian , asked the court to release the defendant on bail , saying his client had " renounced his actions of December 7 , 1981 , and expressed remorse in a letter addressed to this court . "
Von Brunn has " a young son and aches to see him again , " his lawyer wrote .
His trial dealt extensively with Von Brunn 's " attitudes about black and Jewish people , " which his lawyer said were irrelevant to the charges he was facing .
Documents were read at trial in which von Brunn wrote , " Goal : to deport all Jews and blacks from the white nations , " among other racist statements .
In his testimony , he also said " the basic plan was to wind up where I am now , " meaning in court to raise publicity for his campaign against the Federal Reserve .
In a telephone interview with CNN , Hogrogian said that he never met von Brunn , since his client was serving his time in Ray Brook Federal Prison in upstate New York .
He said that von Brunn had approached a guard at the Federal Reserve carrying a rifle , but put his rifle on the ground and surrendered when told that he would not be allowed entry .
Hogrogian said he was surprised to hear Wednesday that his former client had shot anyone .
" I thought it was absolutely consistent with him to lay down his weapon , as he did in ' 81 , because he viewed himself as a man of honor , military code and all that kind of stuff . "
Von Brunn had told him he served as a PT boat captain during World War II , Hogrogian said .
Hogrogian , who now works for the New York City Law Department , said the two men often communicated via telephone .
" He was an intelligent guy , he was well - spoken , " he said .
" Did n't seem like a rabid kind of guy .
He seemed sincere in his beliefs . "
One of those beliefs was that the Federal Reserve was " debasing the American currency and sapping America 's financial strength in the face of the communist threat , or something , " Hogrogian recalled .
The appeal was based on the assertion that von Brunn 's lower - court conviction should have been thrown out , Hogrogian said .
" When he was arrested in 1981 , he had on his person a 12 - page manifesto , which went into stuff about racial and ethnic stuff , " the lawyer said .
" That manifesto was read to the jury at his criminal trial , which I thought was unnecessary and inflammatory .
...
There 's no way he could get a fair trial reading this manifesto to the jury . "
In an unpublished opinion , the three - member panel on the court of appeals disagreed and upheld the lower court 's conviction of von Brunn .
Though von Brunn did not attend Hogrogian 's oral argument before the D.C. Court of Appeals , several of von Brunn 's supporters did -- " people who call themselves patriots , before they had militias and all that white supremacy stuff ... he called himself a patriot .
That was his thing . "
The lawyer said one of the " patriots " approached him in a hallway of the courthouse and told him , " I 'm a friend of Jim .
When we watch the football game and they play the national anthem , he stands in the room and makes everyone else stand at attention . "
The appeal was denied .
Hogrogian said he could not remember whether von Brunn thanked him afterward , but did remember that von Brunn 's Web site accuses him of having made mistakes in the appeal .
Asked whether he had done so , the 59 - year - old responded , " Well , I was a young lawyer .
I did the best I could . "
He added , " The D.C. Court of Appeals found no mistakes . "
Von Brunn 's
Web site proclaims itself " a new , hard - hitting expose of the Jew conspiracy to destroy the white gene - pool . "
Postings attributed to von Brunn have appeared on numerous other sites , including ones that call the Holocaust and " The Diary of Anne Frank " hoaxes and bemoan the decline of the " Aryan gene pool . "
Watch more about von Brunn 's Web site »
" Bit by bit Liberalism ascended .
Bit by bit the Constitution was re-interpreted .
Bit by bit government institutions and Congressmen fell into JEW hands -- then U.S. diplomacy , businesses , resources and manpower came under JEW control , " one such message reads .
" Whitemen sat on their collective asses and did NOTHING -- NOTHING BUT TALK . "
More recently , messages attributed to von Brunn question the authenticity of President Obama 's birth certificate , the subject of numerous conspiracy theories .
Advocates of those theories imply that Obama was born overseas and therefore would be constitutionally ineligible to hold office .
Von Brunn was in critical condition Wednesday after being shot by a security guard at the museum .
Another guard , Stephen Tyrone Johns , was killed in the shooting , museum officials said .
Watch witness describe shooting »
Washington police and the FBI said the shooting appeared to have been the work of a single gunman , and there was no prior indication of the attack .
CNN 's Bill Mears and Steve Turnham contributed to this report .
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
Tens of millions of pounds are being wasted by the NHS on useless treatments for back pain , money that should be diverted to alternative therapies such as acupuncture and spinal manipulation , a health service watchdog says today .
From among 200 treatments and devices claimed to help a bad back , the National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) has passed judgement on what works and what does n't .
X - rays , ultrasound and steroid injections are out and osteopathy , chiropractic and " needling " are in , it says .
The new guidelines mark a watershed in the treatment of the condition and for Nice itself .
It is the first time that the institute has issued a positive recommendation that the NHS provide , and pay for , alternative therapies .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The advice , which NHS trusts will be expected to implement over the coming months , is likely to cause controversy among orthodox clinicians who believe NHS money should be reserved for scientifically proven therapies .
But Nice says a careful review of the evidence shows that acupuncture and spinal manipulation work .
Back pain is among the most common reasons for visits to family doctors ( after colds and flu ) .
It affects one in three adults in the UK each year , with an estimated 2.5 million people seeking help from their GP .
The NHS spends £ 1.5 bn on treating the condition , and much of that is wasted on worthless treatments , according to Nice .
The standard advice for people who suffer problems with their back has not changed .
It is to continue with their normal activities as far as possible and to avoid bed rest .
Most people recover quickly with nothing more elaborate than a couple of paracetamol every four hours to help them keep mobile .
The old advice to rest a bad back in bed has been shown to make the condition worse .
The new guideline applies to people with " persistent " low back pain which has lasted for at least six weeks .
They should be offered three options : an exercise programme , a course of manual therapy including manipulation or a course of acupuncture .
If one treatment option does not work , patients may be offered a second .
The 13 - strong Nice panel that drew up the guideline expects acupuncture to be the most popular option , with an estimated annual cost of over £ 24 m in England and Wales .
Manual therapy is expected to cost almost £ 16 m and exercise therapy almost £ 900,000 .
The worst affected patients may be offered up to 100 hours of physical and psychological treatment over eight weeks at a cost of £ 4,000 a head .
But even this expense can be justified when set against long - term costs of existing ineffective treatments , disability benefits and lost production , Nice says .
To pay for the new treatments , the panel estimates that ending the use of steroid and other injections into the back will save more than £ 33 m , stopping MRI scans will save £ 12 m , and a further £ 1 m can be diverted from funds for X - rays .
Evidence shows that ordering X - rays can make patients worse , by confirming their invalid status .
The overall net cost to the NHS of implementing the guidelines is estimated at just £ 77,000 .
Professor Peter Littlejohns , the clinical and public health director at Nice , said : " Most people will be affected by low back pain at some stage in their lives .
The NHS now has evidence - based guidance on how to treat the condition effectively . "
Although alternative therapies had been included in previous guidelines for multiple sclerosis , ante-natal care and dementia , the evidence of their worth had been equivocal , he said .
" In this case , the evidence was robust enough to make a positive recommendation , " he said .
Martin Underwood , a GP in Coventry and a professor of primary care at the University of Warwick , chaired the expert panel .
He said the panel had carefully examined the evidence for the alternative therapies .
" We pulled together the trials , looked at the systematic reviews and in some cases at the original papers .
The consistent message coming through was that people who get these treatments do better than those who do n't get them . "
His claim was challenged by Edzard Ernst , a professor of complementary medicine at the University of Exeter and a leading sceptic about the claimed benefits of alternative medicine .
Professor Ernst said he was most concerned about the use of chiropractic , which is recommended by Nice along with osteopathy , and which involves more extreme manipulation of the spine .
Many patients suffered mild side - effects lasting a day or two and there were rare cases of more serious accidents , causing damage to the arteries in the neck , triggering a stroke .
" The Nice panel included three pro-manipulation experts .
As a result they are over - optimistic on the benefits and have underestimated the risks [ of chiropractic ] .
A review of spinal manipulation [ by the respected Cochrane Library ] was much more cautious . "
Dries Hettinga , the head of research at Backcare , a patient support organisation , was a member of the panel and said that there was widespread confusion about treatments for back pain among the public .
" We are contacted by dozens of people each week .
There is a huge industry [ behind the treatment of back pain ] with around 200 different types of treatment and the commonest question is : how do you decide what is effective and what is not ?
This guideline will be hugely beneficial to patients in setting out the options for treatments available on the NHS . "
Stuart Derbyshire , a senior lecturer at the University of Birmingham 's School of Psychology , said : " I would be less inclined to offer manipulations and acupuncture even though clinical trials have been successful .
" These things are hard to do in a proper randomised and blinded fashion .
But anything that encourages back pain patients to stay active , not go for scans and stay out of the hands of surgeons is generally a good thing . "
Case study : ' I can ride a bike again .
Last year I could n't do a thing '
A lifetime of work lifting heavy weights has taken its toll on Tom Barr 's back .
Last year , the pain was so bad he was crippled – until he got help from an acupuncturist .
" I had to slide downstairs on my bottom and do the washing up sitting down .
I walked bent over and could n't go more than 100 yards without a rest , " he said .
His son , who lives in the US , was shocked when his father arrived in a wheelchair for a visit and organised a couple of acupuncture sessions .
The result was encouraging .
" I felt quite a bit better , " Mr Barr , 79 , said .
He returned home to Ashford , Middlesex and organised sessions with a practitioner registered with the British Acupuncture Council .
He had one treatment every fortnight at first , then once every five weeks .
" It has made a difference to my life that is unbelievable .
I can ride a bike again and everyone is amazed I can stand up straight .
I have just finished painting the front windows and the gate .
Last year I could n't do a thing , " Mr Barr said .
Asked if he welcomed the decision that the treatment should be free on the NHS , Mr Barr , said he was happy to pay the £ 40 cost of the sessions .
" It wo n't suit everybody but it has done it for me , that 's all I know . "
The British Acupuncture Council said its members were trained to degree standard and adhered to codes of ethics and conduct .
Case study : ' I can ride a bike again .
Last year I could n't do a thing '
Exercise
Up to 8 sessions in a supervised group over 12 weeks .
A one - to - one programme would be offered if a group approach is not suitable .
May include aerobics , muscle strengthening , postural control .
Injections into the back Steroids and other substances are widely administered using this method .
Manual therapy
A course involving up to nine sessions over 12 weeks .
Includes osteopathy or chiropractic .
X-rays and MRI scans
They are often ordered but are of little use , and may make the patient worse .
MRI scans should only be used where the patient is being referred for surgery .
Acupuncture A course of 10 sessions lasting up to 12 weeks .
Heat treatments
Aimed directly at the discs in the spine , using a variety of methods .
Combined physical and psychological treatment A programme lasting up to 100 hours over a maximum of 8 weeks ( for those who are worst affected ) .
Early surgical intervention
There is little evidence that any operation , except spinal fusion , reduces pain .
I have been listing resumes for corporate flight attendants online for nearly four years now .
When I first started , just about anyone / everyone could display their qualifications and that original offer was free .
Let 's just say that the response was overwhelming with more than 100 candidates featured at one time !
Since that time , I have learned a few things about posting resumes .
One of the most important : do n't open the offer up for just anyone .
Next , charge for the service .
I 'll expound on these first two points later on , so keep reading if you want to learn how to enhance your online corporate flight attendant resume .
It was back in March 2003 when I added web pages to what had been a message board only community .
After managing the original site on MSN communities for six months , I believed that the Corporate Flight Attendant Community could benefit by having information driven web pages included with the site .
Within days traffic surged and the new site began to take off .
Soon , I started to think of other ways to bring in traffic and adding corporate flight attendant resumes was one of them .
I came up with an offer permitting people to submit their resumes to the site and I would , in turn , design them for the internet and link them to the site .
What began as a 6 month freebie offer soon became a one year long offer and , later , a two year freebie offer .
The program was a resounding success and it generated tons of traffic and job opportunities until I ended the program on April 30 , 2005 .
The big drawback to the program -- besides the time it took for me to do all the work -- was that too many people who had little or no experience or no training also wanted in .
As long as they had some sort of flying experience , commercial for example , I was n't too picky .
Unfortunately , recruiters and others in a position of authority were n't always impressed and would sometimes utter statements to me such as , " it is hard to cull through the list . "
Or , " I wish only serious candidates were listed . "
Right then I knew that I would have to change the site 's policy and that I did .
Today , I now require that all candidates have some sort of corporate experience and / or training .
In addition , the $ 89 charge for a one year subscription allows for candidates to include their resume , photograph , and a a cover letter .
Most importantly , I optimize each resume page to ensure that it gets the best search engine exposure and then I promote the site for further attention .
Believe me , those wanting a free thing are no longer to be found !
To get the most of your corporate flight attendant online resume I recommend you doing the following :
Get it custom designed .
Most of the corporate flight attendant resumes I see online are simply ugly .
I cannot believe what people are paying for a resume that has no web presence to it .
I mean , you are looking for work , right ?
Stay away from bad neighborhoods .
That 's right , just because the site is free does n't mean you want to be associated with it .
You may have current training , top notch experience , but be listed with wannabes who do not take their career aspirations seriously .
Why be lumped in with anyone but the best ?
Photographs ?
Sure , why not !
If you are going to include a photograph , select a professional headshot photo .
Do n't grouse over the fact that people will judge you on your looks .
Give me a break : what do you think goes on in the interview process ?
Yes , you had better know your stuff , but you also have to look the role too .
Get linked .
It is one thing to have your resume online , it is another to have it online and linked properly .
Does your resume have links elsewhere on the site ?
[ I give at least three ]
Will your resume show up in the search engines ?
Does it achieve its own Google page rank ?
New technology makes cars run on pee
Yup , that ’s right – pee .
As in urine .
Out one tank , in to another .
Garardine Botte , a scientist from Ohio University , has developed a procedure that allows her to extract hydrogen from urine , which can then be used to provide power to hydrogen fuel cells , which then in turn , can power cars or similar equipment .
Botte also assures that her procedure uses less energy than that which is used to extract hydrogen from water , making the urine procedure even more practical than it is .
The procedure strips off the hydrogen atoms from urea , or ( NH2 ) 2CO , which is the main component in generic urine .
Since hydrogen in urine is less strongly bound with the nitrogen in urea than it is with the oxygen in water ( H2O ) , the procedure allows Botte to harvest twice the amount of hydrogen for a third of the energy with water .
“ An electrolyzer built into a car would eliminate the need for a hydrogen storage tank , and with the right partnership , I believe we could have pee-powered cars capable of 60 miles per gallon on the road within a year , ” said Botte .
via [ Wired ]
Interactive Male is offering an opportunity to possibly win money and help in the fight for marriage equality !
Take a video of two or more guys kissing and enter the competition by Oct 31st for a chance to win $ 10,000 .
Those who submit photos , can win a webcam for best picture , and also support the cause .
Interactive Male will donate $ 5 for every video and $ 1 for every photo to Marriage Equality USA .
What are you waiting for ? , enter the contest !
Have a hot smooch , make money , and contribute to equality !
Near the England - Wales border , over remote and craggy hillside tracks that have been re-routed to end in their back garden , three siblings ride their bikes .
Not an uncommon activity , the family bike ride .
The exception , in this case , being that the family have often had cause to pop each other 's dislocated shoulders back into place .
Dan , Gee and Rachel Atherton are at the forefront of the breakneck world of mountain biking .
Gee , 24 , is the downhill world champion ( he had to have his shoulder popped back in by sister Rachel after a crash last December ) .
Dan , the eldest at 27 , is a top - 10 competitor who specialises in eye - catching jumps ( he reset Rachel 's shoulder after she rode into a truck in California in January ) .
And Rachel , the youngest at 21 , is the downhill women 's world champion and winner of last year 's season - long World Cup ( she 's still in recovery from the Californian accident ) .
A decade of tearing down the world 's mountains has n't only made the Athertons the best biking family in the world - it has just about qualified them as freelance surgeons .
" If you ever pop your shoulder , " says Gee , " give us a call . "
The three are at home in their Welsh cottage before the UK leg of the World Cup in Fort William on 6 June .
If the 2008 season was all thrills - Gee winning the men's downhill title in June after his closest rival crashed out on the final bend , Rachel triumphing on the same day and becoming the first Brit to win the women 's world title - 2009 has been more stilted .
Her shoulder injury means Rachel is yet to wear the rainbow jersey she earned last year ;
Gee won the first race of the season but has wavered since , and needs a win in Scotland this month to reboot his title defence .
" But we bounce off hype , having everyone watching , " says Gee .
" And magazines tipping us for wins , " says Rachel , finishing his sentence .
" It 's because we live way out here in the country , " adds Dan , " starved of attention and affection . "
They moved here , to the one - shop village of Llangynog , Powys , in 2004 , buying the family home from their mother and transforming it into a bike rider 's haven , with a workshop in the front room and a bike track in the garden .
They convinced a local farmer to open up his land for competitions , and now riders make the pilgrimage here from all over the country .
The willingness of British riders to travel so far to enjoy the terrain is one reason that we have had so much success in world competition recently , says Gee .
" Because we do n't have as many mountains , we have to work harder to find them and to train .
In California or the south of France it 's all there for you , but kids in the UK have to want it . "
Dan was the first to " want it " - he bought a reluctant Gee his first BMX when they were kids so that he would have someone to ride with , and later persuaded Rachel to compete too - but he is the only one in the family not to have won a world title .
" All my life I 've looked out for Gee and Rach , " he says .
" Not necessarily a good thing as a professional athlete , because you have to be quite selfish .
I 'm learning to look after myself a little bit more . "
Dan has had some decent results this season , but is eyeing up a grander competition .
" The three of us have been approached about converting to BMX for the Olympics in London , " he says .
" The other two are focused on downhill , but it 's been on my mind quite a lot . "
He 'll make a decision at the end of the season ; meanwhile he 's getting into shape in the gym the siblings built in their garage .
" I 'll need bigger thighs for 2012 , " he says .
" More like Rachel 's size . "
Gee guffaws , Rachel gives him a punch , and then the three grab their bikes and make for the nearest mountain .
Today they will tackle a 45 - degree incline of loose slate that constantly shifts under - wheel and sends sharp chips of flint shooting up at their ankles .
Just another family bike ride .
• For more info , go to athertonracing .
co.uk ; fortwilliamworldcup.co.uk
Advertisements
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid declared in press conference today that he will not support GITMO detainees being held in the United States .
Reid said that he supports
Obama ’s plan to close GITMO , but will not support , “ terrorists to be released in the United States . ”
Reid is screwing Obama to save his reelection bid .
Reid was asked why the Senate would n’t fund the closure of GITMO
He said , ” I agree with President Bush .
I agree with John McCain .
I agree with Barack Obama .
Guantanamo makes us less save .
However , this is neither the time nor the bill to deal with this .
Democrats under no circumstances will move forward without a comprehensive , responsible plan from the president .
We will never allow terrorists to be released into the United States . ”
Reid also said that he would not support terrorists being released into the United States , “ I think there ’s a general feeling , as I ’ve already said , that the American people , and certainly the Senate , overwhelmingly does n’t want terrorists to be released in the United States .
And I think we ’re going to stick with that .
If people are — if terrorists are released in the United States , part of what we do n’t want is them be put in prisons in the United States .
We do n’t want them around the United States . ”
Advertisements
You may be asking yourself why Harry Reid is now echoing Republican talking points .
The answer is in a recent poll , that shows Reid in deep trouble in Nevada , where 45 % of voters said that they would not reelect Reid .
Reid ’s approval rating is at 38 % , compared to 55 % for Obama in Nevada .
Reid ’s disapproval rating is 50 % .
Harry Reid is trying to move to the right to save his job .
My personal opinion is that Reid was a lousy Minority Leader , and he is even worse as the Majority Leader .
Both he and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi should be replaced with Democrats who can keep their coalition together to get things done .
What Reid was telling the White House today was once he wins reelection , he will fund closing GITMO .
The funding for closing GITMO is being held hostage because some Democrats , like Reid , are afraid that a vote to close the detention center will lead to them having to face reelection campaigns where they are charged with importing terrorists into the United States .
Reid managed to label detainees terrorists , even though they have n’t been tried and convicted of anything .
Reid is convicting detainees to save his reelection bid .
This behavior is not the mark of a good Majority Leader .
Star Wars Bookends –
May the force hold up your books
I can’t really say if this truly counts as a gadget or not , but I really do n’t care .
And I ca n’t really say that I ’m the biggest Star Wars fan out there , but I do love the movies .
So when someone like me runs across something like this , I have to share it with the world .
The Star Wars Shop has listed these truly amazing “ Star Wars Trash Compactor Bookends ” for pre-order .
Here ’s what the Star Wars Shop describes them as :
“ One thing ’s for sure .
We ’re all gonna be a lot thinner ! ” – Han Solo .
The valiant rescue of Princess Leia takes a turn for the worse when our heroes evade on - rushing stormtroopers by jumping down a garbage shoot .
The situation turns grim when the dianoga shows up and the garbage compactor ’s walls begin to close in !
Cast in high quality poly - stone and hand painted to exacting standards .
Each is numbered and comes complete with matching certificate of authenticity .
This limited edition measures 6 inches deep , 12 inches Wide and 7.5 inches high , and are well suited for DVD?s , books and graphic novels , and more .
The modular aspect also allows the consumer to display them in a number of ways .
At $ 190 I do n’t think I ’ll be getting myself one .
However , this would be a great gift for the purest Star Wars fanboys in your life .
Buy them for someone else , I might .
Via : OhGizmo !
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A survey of Iran 's election results raises " serious questions " about the victory that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is said to have won and uncovers irregularities in the official results , a British think tank said Sunday .
Iranian expatriates protest the June 12 presidential election results on Sunday in Berlin , Germany .
more photos »
Official statistics obtained from Iran 's Ministry of the Interior show the votes cast exceeded the number of eligible voters in two provinces , said Chatham House , a London - based institute that analyzes international affairs .
Claims that Ahmadinejad , the conservative incumbent , swept the board in rural provinces also flies in the face of previous results , said Chatham House , which conducted the survey with the University of St. Andrews in Scotland .
Release of the survey results comes on the heels of violent demonstrations that followed Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election .
Anti-government demonstrators have protested the results in street rallies and marches , defying warnings from Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , not to engage in such action .
Iran 's foreign minister Sunday disputed allegations of ballot irregularities .
Watch amateur video of the past week 's violence »
For the survey published Sunday , researchers worked from the province - by - province breakdowns of the 2009 and 2005 results , released by the Iranian Ministry of Interior , and from the 2006 census as published by the official Statistical Center of Iran , Chatham House said .
The survey made four main observations :
In two conservative provinces , Mazandaran and Yazd , a turnout of more than 100 percent was recorded .
At a provincial level , there is no correlation between the increased turnout and the swing to Ahmadinejad .
This challenges the notion that his announced victory was due to the massive participation of a previously silent conservative majority .
In a third of all provinces , the official results would require that Ahmadinejad had received not only all former conservative voters , all former centrist voters and all new voters but also up to 44 percent of former reformist voters -- despite a decade of conflict between these two groups .
In the 2005 election , as in the elections of 2001 and 1997 , conservative candidates -- and Ahmadinejad in particular -- were markedly unpopular in rural areas .
That makes it " highly implausible " that the countryside swung substantially toward Ahmadinejad .
" The analysis shows that the scale of the swing to Ahmadinejad would have had to have been extraordinary to achieve the stated result , " said professor Ali Ansari , a co-author of the survey who is director of the Institute for Iranian Studies at St. Andrews .
Data from the June 12 election suggests a sudden shift in political support toward Ahmadinejad in rural areas , which had not previously supported him or any other conservative , the survey said .
At the same time , the official data suggests the vote for challenger Mehdi Karrubi -- who was extremely popular in the rural , ethnic minority areas in 2005 -- has collapsed entirely , even in his home province of Lorestan , the survey said .
In that province , his vote went from 55.5 percent in 2005 to 4.6 percent in the most recent vote , the survey found .
At the same time , Ahmadinejad won 50.9 percent of the vote in this election , including the votes of nearly half ( 47.5 percent ) of those who voted for reformist candidates in 2005 , the survey found .
Such an outcome is " highly implausible , " the survey said .
The Iranian government has said Ahmadinejad won the election by a huge margin .
Ahmadinejad 's main challenger , Mir Hossein Moussavi , and his supporters have contested the results .
" In a country where allegations of ' tombstone voting ' -- the practice of using the identity documents of the deceased to cast additional ballots -- are both long - standing and widespread , this result is troubling but perhaps not unexpected , " the Chatham House survey said .
" This problem did not start with Ahmadinejad , " the report added .
" According to official statistics gathered by the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance in Stockholm , there were 12.9 percent more registered voters at the time of Mohammed Khatami 's 2001 victory than there were citizens of voting age . "
All About Iran • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
Nikon travel photography competition :
The natural world
Earlier this month , we asked readers to send us the photographs that best captured their travel experiences .
From almost 3000 entries , we have selected the best and categorised them .
Today we highlight the best images of the natural world .
Iran was braced for a fifth day of unrest today as the government intensified its crackdown on opposition figures with the arrest of dozens of leading critics and issued a further warning against reporting of the protest movement .
Saeed Laylaz , a leading journalist and a critic of government policy often quoted by foreign media , was among the latest to be detained , as protesters prepared for more demonstrations in Tehran .
" Iranian intelligence and security forces are using the public protests to engage in what appears to be a major purge of reform - oriented individuals whose situations in detention could be life - threatening , " said Aaron Rhodes , a spokesman for the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran .
There is also concern for the health of Saeed Hajarian , a former adviser to Mohammad Khatami and supporter of the opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , who was arrested yesterday .
Hajarian , who was badly impaired in both mobility and speech in an assassination attempt nine years ago , needs constant medical attention and is unlikely to get it in the current circumstances .
Human rights groups said at least 100 people had been arrested in the city of Tabriz , a historic centre of protest and a Mousavi stronghold .
In a fresh challenge to the government , Mousavi urged supporters to stage peaceful protests or gather in mosques tomorrow to mourn those killed in the protests .
" A number of our countrymen were wounded or martyred , " Mousavi said in a statement on his website .
" I ask the people to express their solidarity with the families … by coming together in mosques or taking part in peaceful demonstrations . "
Mousavi added that he would also take part in the day of mourning .
He also repeated his call for " a new presidential election that will not repeat the shameful fraud from the previous election " .
In a sign of the divisions in Iran 's leadership , the interior ministry ordered an investigation into an attack on university students which they say was carried out by militia and police .
It came a day after Iran 's influential speaker of parliament , Ali Larijani , condemned the assault on the dormitory of Tehran University .
There were , however , further signs of a crackdown today as the powerful Revolutionary Guards warned Iranian websites and blogs to remove content that might " create tension " or face legal action , according to the Associated Press .
Much information about the protests has come from blogs and websites such as YouTube , Facebook and Twitter .
The government yesterday barred foreign media from leaving their offices to report on the demonstrations , and reporters ' visas have not been renewed .
Amid fears that tension might lead to further bloodshed , Gordon Brown today urged Iran to listen to its people .
" The elections are a matter for the Iranian people , but if there are serious questions that are now being asked about the conduct of the elections , they have got to be answered , " he said .
" There must be no violence in response to peaceful protests . "
Iran 's foreign ministry summoned the British ambassador and his European counterparts to criticise their " interventionist and impudent " responses to the disputed election .
Meanwhile , the prosecutor general of the central province of Isfahan warned that those behind post-election unrest could face the death penalty under Islamic law .
Mohammadreza Habibi alleged that anti-government protesters were being controlled from outside Iran and urged them to stop what he described as " criminal activities " , the Fars news agency reported .
There were also unconfirmed reports that Mohammad Asgari , who was responsible for the security of the IT network in Iran 's interior ministry , was killed yesterday in a suspicious car accident in Tehran .
Asgari had reportedly leaked evidence that the elections were rigged to alter the votes from the provinces .
Asgari was said to have leaked information that showed Mousavi had won almost 19 m votes , and should therefore be president .
Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , last night appeared to rule out any change to the outcome of last week 's disputed poll by referring to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the " elected president " .
Khamenei last night dismissed the protests as the work of " tension seekers " .
Khamenei 's appeal for calm after four days of protests in Tehran followed an apparent concession when the regime promised to recount some votes cast in Friday 's disputed election , officially won by Ahmadinejad .
But the authorities rejected demands by the defeated Mousavi to annul the election .
Brazil 's Pelican military squad is involved in the search
Brazilian aircraft searching for an Air France jet which went missing with 228 people aboard in an Atlantic storm have spotted debris on the ocean .
Some oil , a plane seat and other items were sighted 650 km ( 400 miles ) north - east of Brazil 's Fernando de Noronha island , the Brazilian air force said .
Brazilian Defence Minister Nelson Jobim said he had no doubt that the debris was wreckage from the airliner .
The jet was heading from Brazil to Paris when it vanished early on Monday .
The first naval ship is not due to arrive at the scene until Wednesday .
The debris was spotted in a region of the ocean consistent with its flight path , the BBC's Adam Mynott reports from Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris .
Accident investigators need to recover material from flight AF 447 and , crucially , the flight and cockpit voice recorders if they are to establish how it fell into the sea , our correspondent says .
Two Lufthansa jets , which were in the same area as the Air France plane half an hour before it vanished , could provide clues as to what happened , the UN weather agency says .
Mini-subs
Plane crews from Brazil , France and other countries had narrowed their search to a zone halfway between Brazil and west Africa , hoping to pick up signals from the Airbus 's beacons .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Brazilian air force spokesman Col Jorge Amaral said a Brazilian plane had picked up radar signals indicating " floating metallic and non-metallic materials " at 0100 Brazilian time ( 0400 GMT ) on Tuesday .
At about 0530 Brazilian time , a plane spotted debris in two locations approximately 60 km apart .
" In this area , they saw an orange buoy , an aeroplane seat , small white pieces , an aeroplane drum as well as oil and kerosene , " Col Amaral told reporters in Rio .
" The search is continuing because it 's very little material in relation to the size [ of the Airbus A330 ] . "
Col Amaral was also quoted by the Associated Press as saying a life jacket had been spotted amid the debris .
" The locations where the objects were found are towards the right of the point where the last signal of the plane was emitted , " he said .
" That suggests that it might have tried to make a turn , maybe to return to Fernando de Noronha , but that is just a hypothesis . "
Searchers now planned to focus their efforts on collecting the debris and trying to identify it , the spokesman said .
At least two cargo ships in the area have been asked to go where the debris was found and are expected to arrive soon , Brazilian officials said .
France is also sending a research ship equipped with two mini-submarines to the search area .
The mini-subs on the Pourquoi Pas can work at depths of up to 6,000 m and the area where the plane disappeared has maximum depths of 4,700 m ( 15,400 ft ) , French naval experts told AFP news agency .
Prime Minister Francois Fillon told the French parliament that the cause of the plane 's loss had still to be established .
" Our only certainty is that the plane did not send out any distress call but regular automatic alerts for three minutes indicating the failure of all systems , " he said .
Experts remain puzzled that there were no radio reports from the Airbus and they say that such a modern aircraft would have had to suffer multiple traumas to plunge into the sea , our correspondent says .
Lufthansa data
The two Lufthansa aircraft recorded data on prevailing temperatures and winds , the World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) said .
She was a truly wonderful , exciting girl
John Butler , father of Irish passenger Aisling Butler
Passenger nationalities revealed
Because the exact accident site was unknown , it was " extremely difficult to say how close they were " , WMO official Herbert Puempel told Reuters news agency in Geneva .
" But the observations will certainly be used by the investigating group , " he added .
Most of the missing people are Brazilian or French but they include a total of 32 nationalities .
Five Britons and three Irish citizens are among them .
Crisis centres have been set up at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris and Rio de Janeiro 's Tom Jobim international airport .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy will attend a religious service for the families and friends of the missing passengers and crew at Notre Dame Cathedral , Paris , on Wednesday .
Auf dem Kölner Forum Medienrecht haben Vertreter des Buchhandels und der hessischen Landesregierung Access - Blockaden gegen Urheberrechtsverletzungen und ausländische Glücksspiel - Anbieter gefordert .
Zuvor hatten sich Gegner und Befürworter der von der Bundesregierung geplanten Access - Blockade von Kinderporno - Seiten einen heftigen Schlagabtausch geliefert .
Heinrich Sievers , Leiter des Referats Glücksspiel im Hessischen Innenministerium , kritisierte die Internet - Provider scharf , die allein Access - Blockaden gegen Kinderpornografie einrichten wollen .
Für Sievers kommt das Internet damit einem " rechtsfreien Raum " gleich .
Um mögliche grundrechtliche Bedenken auszuräumen , empfiehlt Sievers den Providern , ihre Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen so anzupassen , dass sie ungesetzliches Verhalten unterbinden können .
Sievers widersprach der gängigen Interpretation eines umfassenden Telekommunikations - Geheimnisses : " Ich gehe davon aus , dass das Fernmeldegeheimnis nur für die Kommunikation zwischen Menschen und nicht für die Kommunikation zwischen Maschinen gilt . "
So sei erst ab dem Einloggen auf einer Webseite eine individuelle Kommunikation gegeben , alle Schritte davor seien eher mit dem Rundfunk vergleichbar .
Der Lotterie - Staatsvertrag biete eine ausreichende Grundlage , um Sperrverfügungen auszustellen .
Den Providern wirft Sievers Irreführung vor :
Er habe ihnen bereits vorgeschlagen , freiwillig 25 Seiten zu sperren – das sei unter Verweis auf technische Probleme abgelehnt worden .
Nur wenig später hätten jedoch einige Provider Verträge zu Access - Blockaden unterschrieben .
Auch den Bundesverband deutscher Banken habe er um Hilfe ersucht – die Geldinstitute seien aber nur bereit gewesen , inländische Konten zu sperren , wenn diese gemeldet würden .
Christian Sprang , Leiter der Rechtsabteilung des Börsenvereins des Deutschen Buchhandels , plädierte für Access - Blockaden gegen Angebote , die das Urheberrecht verletzen .
Er warf den Providern eine bewusste Zusammenarbeit mit rechtsverletzenden Angeboten vor , weil sie dort Werbung schalten könnten .
Die Internetwirtschaft könne ihren guten Willen zeigen , indem sie auf Werbung auf Angeboten wie Rapidshare verzichteten , sagte Sprang .
Da der zivilrechtliche Auskunftsanspruch gegen Filesharing - Benutzer mittlerweile Wirkung zeige , verlagerten sich die Urheberrechtsverstöße auf One - Click - Hoster , erläuterte Sprang .
Dieselben Anbieter , die Kinderpornografie verbreiten und mit Phishing arbeiten würden , betrieben auch Server mit urheberrechtswidrigen Inhalten .
Diese " Internet - Mafia " finanziere sich unter anderem durch Werbung für Flatrate - Angebote der Provider und für pornografische Angebote .
" Wenn man an solche Angebote herankommen will , die im Ausland sitzen , sehe ich keinen anderen Weg als Access - Sperren " , sagte Sprang .
Die Kosten sollten an die Kunden der Provider weitergereicht werden .
Stefan Engeln von United Internet wies den Vorwurf der Mittäterschaft zurück .
Zwar tauche ab und zu Provider - Werbung bei Download - Angeboten auf , die Provider hätten aber kein Interesse daran , gezielt Kunden solcher Angebote zu werben : " Solche Kunden sind für uns absolut unrentabel . "
Dass die Provider künftig für jeden illegalen Inhalt im Internet in Anspruch genommen werden sollen und das Haftungsprivileg abgeschafft werden soll , gehe mit einer kompletten Änderung des Geschäftsmodells einher , meint Engeln .
Dann stelle sich ihnen die Frage , ob sie nur noch mit zertifizierten Inhalteanbietern sprechen sollten .
Die Rechnung für die anfallenden Kosten würden die Provider dann nicht nur auf die Kunden abwälzen , sie würden auch vom Buchhandel Geld für die Zuführung legalen Traffics verlangen .
Er nehme an , dass die Befürworter solcher weitergehenden Verantwortung der Provider die Konsequenzen ihrer Forderungen überdacht haben , sagte der Jurist .
( Torsten Kleinz ) / ( anw )
Nevada Sen .
John Ensign ’s admission of an extramarital affair has turned into something of a saga here , with his aides on Friday accusing the husband of his former mistress of trying to weasel money from the once - rising GOP star .
Tory Mazzola , an Ensign spokesman , said in an e-mail that the husband , Doug Hampton , had recently through an attorney made exorbitant demands for “ cash and other financial benefits . ”
“ Doug Hampton ’s outrageous demand was referred to Sen .
Ensign ’s legal counsel , who is handling the matter going forward , ” Mazzola said .
Daniel Albregts , attorney for Doug and Cynthia Hampton , declined to comment .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , Doug Hampton had unloaded his woes to Fox News in a distraught letter , in which he said that Ensign had “ ruined our lives and careers and left my family in shambles ” and that he yearned for “ justice , help and restitution . ”
In essence , the former co-workers and golfing buddies are engaged in the kind of finger - pointing typical of a soured relationship -- only the accusations are more grave and the stakes far higher .
On Tuesday , the day after Fox received the letter , Ensign abruptly admitted to a months - long affair with aide Cynthia Hampton .
On Wednesday he resigned as chairman of the Republican Policy Committee , a top Senate leadership position , after critics branded him a hypocrite for chastising others for their indiscretions -- including then - President Clinton , whom he called on to resign -- and then indulging in his own .
In his letter , printed Friday by the Las Vegas Sun , Hampton described the Ensigns as “ lifelong friends . ”
Their homes are in the same tony section of town ; their children attended the same schools .
The senator eventually hired both Hamptons : Doug as his administrative assistant , Cynthia for his campaign and his political action committee .
Advertisement
The extramarital affair began in December 2007 , both sides have said .
In February 2008 , Hampton ’s letter says , he confronted Ensign at the senator ’s Washington home in front of a group that included Sen.
Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) .
The same month , Cynthia Hampton ’s salary doubled , federal records show , though Ensign ’s camp has said she took on additional duties .
“ Senator Ensign ’s conduct and relentless pursuit of my wife led to our dismissal in April of 2008 , ” Hampton ’s letter says .
“ I would like to say he stopped his heinous conduct and pursuit upon our leaving but . . . his actions did not subside until August of 2008 . ”
In the months after the Hamptons left Ensign ’s office , Doug Hampton landed jobs with two companies closely tied to the senator : first a consulting firm and then Las Vegas - based Allegiant Air .
Ensign made calls on Hampton ’s behalf , the Associated Press reported .
Advertisement
The Hamptons ’ 19 - year - old son , Brandon , also worked for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , which Ensign chaired , from March 2008 to August 2008 .
Still , Hampton ’s letter says , “ we have lost significant income , suffered indescribable pain and emotional suffering . ”
In the letter , addressed to Fox News anchorwoman Megyn Kelly , dated June 11 , Hampton says he has documents , phone records and witnesses to back up his claims .
Tom Lowell , senior producer of the cable network ’s “ America ’s Newsroom , ” said a show booker received the letter via e-mail on Monday .
“ We followed up with him , but he seemed evasive and not credible , thus we did n’t pursue it , ” Lowell told the Huffington Post .
“ We certainly were n’t going to rush to air with accusations against a sitting senator without doing due diligence on the reputability of the claims . ”
Advertisement
Lowell denied that anyone at Fox News tipped off Ensign , who on Tuesday hurriedly flew from Washington to Las Vegas for a brief news conference .
“ Our families were close , ” he told reporters .
“ That closeness put me into situations which led to my inappropriate behavior .
We caused deep pain to both families and for that I am sorry . ”
On Friday , Rep. Shelley Berkley ( D - Las Vegas ) told Politico.com that she was weighing whether to challenge the social and fiscal conservative in 2012 .
“ I think his ability to represent the state and the people who call Nevada home has been compromised dramatically , ” she said , though she stopped short of calling for his resignation .
Eric Herzik , chairman of the political science department at the University of Nevada at Reno , said he considered the “ sex part ” of the Ensign scandal over .
“ But if Hampton allegedly tried to extort a U.S. senator , he ’s either stupid or he ’s got something else to drop .
And the longer this is in the public eye , the more damage is done to Ensign . ”
Advertisement
--
ashley.powers@latimes.com
Bebot is a very cute synthesizer for the iPhone , that does not only sound quite nice , but also will melt the hearts of all robot - lovers out there .
It features a " singing tin robot " as a character , that " sings " the stuff you play .
There are different parameters , like waveforms to select , effects like delay and chorus or keyboard scales .
The synth is played with the touch pad , similar to a kaos - pad , where you play " virtual scales " .
Interesting is the multi - touch experience .
Multiple fingers play multiple tones .
The app is 1,99 dollar .
For people in love with singing Bebot , there are also shirts available over at Normalware or Red Bubble .
自分の会社が必要な理由 著者： Derek Sivers 日本語訳： yomoyomo
以下の文章は 、Derek Sivers による
Why you need your own company の日本語訳を著者の許可を得て公開するものである 。
2008年のはじめ、僕は自分の会社を売却するのに合意した――この10年僕はこれだけに取りつかれてきた。
僕 は85人も従業員を抱えるのは嫌だった。それがちょっと苦痛になっていた。それから逃れて気持ちをすっきりさせる必要があったのだ。
僕はできるだけ遠くへ――日本の南端の火山にある温泉神社に行った。（ビデオを参照）
僕は静かに座した。蒸された。湯に浸った。海の音を聞きながら眠った。
僕はこれ以上ないほどくつろいだ。頭は空っぽ。
こ の10年で初めて、僕は何もする必要がなかった。何の責任もない。何の計画もない。
なんと気楽なことか、だろう？ 想像できる？
僕は 『Seeking Wisdom』という名著を持っていき、平和な日本の海に面した部屋で読んだ。
この本は素晴らしかった。行動ファイナンスについてのチャーリー・マンガーの考察は際立っており、逆説的だ。この本は僕が試したかったさまざまな起業のアイデアを引き出してくれた！
CD Baby をやってた頃、僕は新しいアイデアをすぐに試すことができた（「5ドルセールをやったらどうだろう？」「カード読み取り機と連動できたらどうだろう？」「多言語化できたらどうだろう？」）。アイデアを思いついたらいつだってそれを数日のうちにテストできた。
でも今は、この10年ではじめて、会社がないので、僕はこうした新しいアイデアを試すことができない！
僕にできるのは読み、考え、そしてことによればそれについて書くことだけ。なんてこったい！
そうして僕は、自分が新しい会社を立ち上げる必要があるのに気付いた。金のためじゃない。「退屈」しているからでもない。そうじゃなくて、会社がアイデアを試す実験室だからだ（「実験室（laboratory）」という単語は、研究、実験、分析を行なう部屋と定義される。僕はそれを砂場やベビーサークルととらえている）。
平和な温泉につかりながらこのことに気付くと、僕は福岡に戻る電車に乗り、行動を起こした。
僕は、人々が退屈な仕事をやるのを助けるのにクラウドソーシングを試せるよう
MuckWork を始めた 。
完全に多言語化されたサイトを試みるために
MusicThoughts を、またこの翻訳作業を組織化するために lang .
pro を再始動した 。
インキュベーター／持ち株会社として、また透明性に関する実験として
Now Now Now を立ち上げた 。
そして教育目的のプロジェクトは全部（成功談、ドキュメンタリー、そしてコーチング）、まもなく今より大きな一つのスコープにまとめるつもりだ。
で、これで僕は何もしないよりずっと幸せだった。これは仕事じゃない。遊びだよ。アイデアを試す場なんだ。
我々すべてオフの時間もいくらか必要だ。活動領域や仕事のペースの変化が必要だ。ストレスがたまったら、沈黙や癒しが必要だ。マンネリに陥ったら、見境のないアドレナリンが必要だ。
でも、仕事から永遠に逃れるのが至福と考える人たちは、僕たちは皆遊び場が必要であり、自分の会社こそがあらゆるなかで最高の遊び場の一つであることを忘れてはいけない。
「 真に幸せな人をよく見れば、彼がボートを作ったり、交響曲を書いたり、息子の教育をしたり、あるいはゴビ砂漠で恐竜の卵を探しているのが分かるだろう」――オーストラリアの精神科医
W. Béran Wolfe
「 幸福な人を見たら、事業を見出すことになる」――Sonja Lyubomirsky
初出公開 ： 2009年06月15 日、 最終更新日： 2009年06月20 日
著者： Derek Sivers
日本語訳： yomoyomo ( E - mail : ymgrtq at yamdas dot org )
Murata
Boy is a robot capable of riding bicycles unassisted .
It can balance , pedal , and direct the bicycle , even turning to avoid obstacles .
Which begs the question : how can they build a robot that can do all this but still not have one that can properly turn me on ?
Shame on you , technology .
Shame on you !
Read More : ,
Today ( May 12th ) is LAST DAY to get the Rotom Secret Key ( Instructions Inside )
This week it was reported that Steve Jobs , the CEO and cofounder of Apple , underwent a liver transplant two months ago .
One detail concerning Jobs 's transplant seemed odd :
The surgery took place at a hospital in Tennessee , some 2,000 miles from Jobs ' home in northern California .
Why Tennessee ?
Steve Jobs ( pictured in October 2008 ) has been on a health - related leave of absence since January 2009 .
The answer sheds light on the intricacies of the organ transplant system , as well as why it 's sometimes easier for people with significant financial resources to get an organ transplant .
( Jobs ' estimated net worth : $ 5.7 billion . )
Livers are a scarce resource .
In any given year , only about one - third of the people on the national transplant waiting list receive one , and as of late June , more than 16,000 people were on the list .
Yet it sometimes seems that celebrities in need end up at the front of the line when they need a transplant , and people often assume they get preferential treatment .
( Rumors about special treatment circulated after baseball player Mickey Mantle 's liver transplant in 1995 , for example . )
Health.com :
The real gift of life :
How medical donations help
The truth is more complicated .
No one can actually buy an organ in the United States ( legally , that is ) .
But getting a liver transplant , it turns out , is a lot like getting into college .
Once you 're on the waiting list , your chances of getting off it depend largely on your personal circumstances -- how sick you are and whether you are a good donor match .
But getting on the list in the first place -- or on more than one list , as the case may be -- requires resources and know - how that most people do n't have .
Can some people ' cut the line ' ?
There are 127 centers in the U.S. that perform liver transplants .
If you need an organ transplant , your doctor will refer you to one of these centers , where you will be evaluated , given a score based on the severity of illness , and placed on the center 's waiting list , if you are indeed a candidate for transplant .
The center 's waiting list feeds into a national database managed by the United Network for Organ Sharing ( UNOS ) , a nonprofit organization that contracts with the federal government to manage the nation 's organ transplant system .
UNOS works with 58 organ procurement organizations ( OPOs ) that coordinate organ distribution in their region of the country .
When an organ becomes available , the OPO in that region searches the UNOS database for a local match using blood type ( and other biological considerations ) , the patient 's severity score , and the time spent on the waiting list .
If a match can't be made within that region , the organization expands its search to neighboring regions .
The problem -- or the advantage for some patients -- is that not all OPOs are created equal .
Some regions contain nearly 15 times as many people as others , and their waiting list times vary widely .
Patients in the smaller OPOs tend to be less sick and experience shorter wait times before getting an organ .
In the Tennessee OPO where Jobs received his transplant , the median wait for a liver between 2002 and 2007 was just over four months .
The national average was just over a year , and in some OPOs it was more than three years .
Though there is always the possibility of preferential treatment once a patient is on a waiting list -- UNOS conducts periodic audits of transplant centers for exactly this reason -- it is unlikely that someone like Steve Jobs can " cut the line " of the transplant waiting list .
Health.com :
Three sisters find kidney donor for dad using craigslist
The reason that some people might be able to get transplants more quickly is that they 're standing in more lines .
Nothing prevents someone from being evaluated and listed at multiple transplant centers .
As long as a patient has the wherewithal to fly around the country -- and be available at the drop of a hat if a liver becomes available ( this is where the private jet comes in handy ) -- a patient can , in theory , be evaluated by all the transplant centers in the country .
" The system works at two levels , " explains Arthur Caplan , Ph.D. , the chair of the department of medical ethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" One , who gets in to a center .
Two , who gets transplanted off a particular center 's list when an organ becomes available .
Most of the attention goes to stage two , but the biggest ethical challenges are really at stage one . "
Jobs underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer in 2004 .
( He reportedly had a type that grows more slowly -- and has a better prognosis -- than others . )
He was said to have recovered , but last year he appeared in public looking thin and sick .
He took a leave of absence in January and underwent a liver transplant a few months later .
However , it 's not clear how long he was on the transplant waiting list , or whether he was on the waiting list for a center other than the one in Tennessee .
Insurance matters too
Since 2003 , UNOS has required that transplant centers inform all candidates that they can be evaluated and listed at more than one center , and that they can also transfer their care from one center to another without losing the time they have accrued on the waiting list .
However , not everyone can afford to fly around the country and be evaluated at more than one transplant center .
In fact , many people can't afford a liver transplant , period .
According to the most recent estimates , the cost of a liver transplant is $ 519,600 -- a price tag that excludes roughly one - third of Americans because they do n't have sufficient insurance ( or any insurance ) , Caplan estimates .
According to data collected for UNOS , only about 5 percent of liver transplants are paid for out of pocket .
Health.com :
Where the money goes : A breast cancer donation guide
" What your insurance covers is very different from everyone else 's , " says Anne Paschke , a spokesperson for UNOS .
Some insurance companies wo n't cover evaluations at multiple transplant centers , Paschke explains , and in at least one case , an insurance company has restricted its coverage to a single transplant center that the company itself owned .
Moreover , your insurance continues to be important during the evaluation process .
The decision to accept a transplant candidate takes place before UNOS enters the picture , and the committees that determine whether a patient is added to the transplant center 's waiting list have access to a patient 's full medical and financial history .
" There 's a huge triage involved in getting in , " says Caplan .
" If you 're a homeless alcoholic sleeping on the streets of L.A. , and you 're going toe - to - toe with Steve Jobs , you 're going to lose . "
For most people , the ability to pay is a precondition for acceptance at more than one transplant center .
Wealthy people who are , in effect , financially " pre-approved " for a liver transplant , can shop around and identify the transplant centers that will give them the best chance of receiving a new organ .
Reforming the system
Despite the apparent problems with the transplant system , past efforts at reform have generally failed .
Health.com : Could painkillers be hurting your heart ?
In the late 1990s , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued new regulations that would have given priority to the sickest patients , regardless of region .
This would have eliminated the geographic disparities that make approval at multiple transplant centers advantageous , but Congress blocked the regulations and instead asked the Institute of Medicine , an advisory organization that belongs to the National Academy of Sciences , to consider the issue .
The IOM 's proposal was less far - reaching , but it did recommend standardizing the size of the organ donor pool for the sickest patients .
Congress failed to implement this measure as well , however .
Some transplant centers advocated the shift away from the OPO system , but others vigorously lobbied Congress to oppose the new policy .
The smaller transplant centers were concerned that in a national organ allocation system , they would receive fewer transplants and be driven out of business .
The larger transplant centers , meanwhile , wanted to maintain the size and geographical reach of the OPOs in their areas .
" There was a huge split in the transplant community , " says Paschke .
" It was very territorial at the time , and there was a lot of maneuvering going on .
There were a lot of business interests on the part of the transplant centers . "
UNOS itself has been split on the issue of multiple listing .
The organization 's board of directors has voted on whether to restrict multiple listing three times in the past 15 years ; the first vote resulted in a tie , and in the others the proposal was rejected by a divided vote .
The inequity revealed in the liver transplant process is symptomatic of the larger inequalities in the American health - care system , says Caplan , who also cochairs a United Nations task force on organ trafficking .
In countries such as Canada or Switzerland that have national health - care systems , a patient 's finances do n't influence access to organs to the same extent , he says .
" Money does n't play such a big role in entry into the system , " he says .
" Steve Jobs ' transplant is relevant to why we need some health reform . "
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Apple Inc. • Steve Jobs • Organ Donation
There has been lots of interesting discussion about dynamic languages and the GPL , but much of it seems to miss the main point : with many dynamic languages , the terms of the GPL are an irrelevance .
In the comments on the above page , Peter Gerdes seems to be one of the few who does get this :
@ Morty Yidel
It does n’t matter what the GPL says in situations 2 & 3 .
What matters here is copyright law .
The GPL is a license that lets you create and distribute copies of certain software .
You are only bound by the terms of that license when you need the license as a matter of copyright law .
In 2 & 3 you are n’t distributing any GPLed software thus you need only abide by the GPL if it is a derivitive work of a GPLed program .
As I said that ’s a complex question but it ’s one that can only be answered by looking at copyright law and precedent not the GPL .
Moreover , if merely using an API makes your code a derivitive work of the library servicing the API it ’s hard to see how programs like WINE are n’t infringing .
If someone wants to apply the terms of the GPL , they first have to demonstrate something that would otherwise be copyright infringement .
As the GPL ( v2 ) says :
5 . You are not required to accept this License , since you have not signed it .
However , nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works .
These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License .
Therefore , by modifying or distributing the Program ( or any work based on the Program ) , you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so , and all its terms and conditions for copying , distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it .
So , if I sit down at my computer and type ( for the sake of argument ) :
echo ' import qt ' > test.py
and then distribute test.py , have I created a derivative work of Qt ( or any other GPL library ) ?
Since I could type all of that without having a drop of Qt source code on my computer , I ’d argue it ’s pretty difficult to say that this is a derivative work .
Of course , once I go further and actually start using more the API than just the name ‘ qt ’ , there is the chance that someone important might decide that by virtue of my use of an API , the program constitutes a derivative work of the library .
( If they did , that would have huge implications — every Linux program , not to mention Linux itself , would become a derivative of Unix itself , for example , because it uses Unix API ’s , and every Win32 program would be a Windows derivative … )
This , of course , is completely different from C/ C++ , where in order to compile an executable , the compiler #includes parts of the actual source code of the library into the executable , thereby automatically triggering the need for an exemption from copyright laws .
With Python and Javascript , nothing of the sort occurs for the user to get the developer ’s software .
If the developer decides to test their program before distributing , they may well need copies of the library code , either in source or object form , on their machine , but that has nothing to do with their distribution of their own code .
Now , the GPL ( or whatever ) , may have terms explicitly forbidding you from finding some sneaky way around the licence , such as dynamic languages or web interfaces etc .
But it does n’t matter .
The licence could require you to sacrifice your first - born child to the gods of Jupiter for even thinking of doing such a thing , but the licence is irrelevant , since you have n’t done anything that would require you to accept its terms .
So , unless judges are going to rule that use of APIs constitutes copyright infringement , all software licenses of this kind are simply irrelevant in this case .
This is one of the things that makes me shy away from the GPL .
I ’m a really grateful beneficiary of all that it has helped to safeguard , but as it relies on copyright law which may well be completely irrelevant for dynamic languages , it seems somewhat unwise to lean on it for any of my own financial security .
More and more it seems that being paid for writing code , and not for the code itself , is the way programmers should make their living .
Just because copyright law may have supported certain practices in the past does n’t mean we have a right to that continuing .
Update 2017 -03-19 - it seems that the ‘ viral ’ aspects of the GPL when it comes to linking of any kind ( including C/ C++ style ) may be completely invalid in the EU anyway .
Internet - Nutzer wehren sich gegen angebliche Zensur .
Noch nie gab es so einen Ansturm bei einer Online - Petition .
Widerstand per Internet wird zur Demonstration der Neuzeit .
SPD - Linke will das Gesetz noch verhindern .
Hamburg .
Der Protest wächst und wächst und wächst .
Täglich unterzeichnen neue Internet - Nutzer die Online - Petition gegen die Sperrung von kinderpornografischen Internetseiten .
Gestern waren es schon fast 116.000 digitale Unterschriften und damit ist der Rekord längst gebrochen .
Mit ungeahnter Wucht und einer ganz neuen politischen Macht wehrt sich die Internetgemeinde gegen die Sperrungen , die in ihren Augen nichts anderes als Zensur sind .
Für den Parteitag am Sonntag hat zudem die SPD - Linke nach einem Bericht von " Spiegel Online " einen Initiativantrag vorbereitet , in dem die SPD - Bundestagsfraktion aufgefordert wird , das Gesetz in letzter Minute zu verhindern .
Auch da lautet der Vorwurf : Internetzensur .
Kommenden Dienstag läuft die sechswöchige Frist , in der eine Online - Petition „ unterschrieben “ werden kann , ab .
Doch die 50.000
Teilnehmer , die nötig sind , damit es im Petitionsausschuss des Bundestages eine öffentliche Anhörung zu dem Thema gibt , hatte die Initiatorin Franziska Heine schon nach vier Tagen erreicht .
Auch das ist ein Rekord .
Wenn es so weit ist und die Berlinerin Franziska Heine – wohl erst nach der Bundestagswahl – angehört wird , ist das Gesetz vielleicht schon verabschiedet .
Doch schon jetzt hat die Bloggergemeinde gezeigt , wie schnell sie online Widerstand mobilisieren und politischen Protest ausdrücken kann .
Das hinterlässt sehr wohl einen Eindruck bei den Abgeordneten , wie der neue Vorstoß für den SPD - Parteitag jetzt zeigt .
„ Das ist ein Schneeballeffekt “ , sagt der Kommunikationswissenschaftler Jan-Hinrik Schmidt vom Hamburger Hans - Bredow - Institut für Medienforschung abendblatt.de.
„ Graswurzelbewegung “ nennt er diese Basis der Blogger und Twitter , über die die Petition bekannt gemacht wurde .
Über den
Weg schaffte es die Nachricht bis in die Berichterstattung in den Online - Medien , dann ins Radio , Fernsehen und in die Tageszeitungen .
Vor allem , weil sich die Internetgemeinde bei dem Thema direkt betroffen fühlt , sei die Unterstützung so groß , meint Schmidt .
Er hält den Vorstoß von Familienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) , zum Schutz der missbrauchten Kinder den Zugriff auf die Internetseiten zu erschweren , für den berühmten Tropfen der das Fass innerhalb der Internetgemeinde zum Überlaufen brachte .
„ Es geht um das weite Feld der Informationsfreiheit “ , sagt Schmidt .
Und die sehen viele Internetnutzer schon durch die möglichen Online - Durchsuchungen zu Terrorabwehr in Gefahr .
Jetzt ist genug .
Ursula von der Leyen hat deswegen den Spitznamen „ Zensursula “ weg .
Die Blogger fordern in der Petition den Bundestag auf , „ die Änderung des Telemediengesetzes nach dem Gesetzentwurf des Bundeskabinetts vom 22.4.09 “ abzulehnen .
In der Petition heißt es : „ Wir halten das geplante Vorgehen , Internetseiten vom BKA indizieren & von den Providern sperren zu lassen , für undurchsichtig & unkontrollierbar , da die , Sperrlisten ’ weder einsehbar sind noch genau festgelegt ist , nach welchen Kriterien Webseiten auf die Liste gesetzt werden .
Wir sehen darin eine Gefährdung des Grundrechtes auf Informationsfreiheit . “
Den Schutz der missbrauchten Kinder und die Bekämpfung der Verbreitung von Kinderpornografie unterstützen sie in ihrer Begründung .
Doch die Stoppschilder für die entsprechenden Seiten halten sie für „ denkbar ungeeignet “ dafür .
Die Stoppschilder sollen erscheinen , sobald jemand Seiten anklickt , die vom Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) wegen ihrer kinderpornografischen Inhalte gesperrt wurden .
Das BKA wird dazu eine Liste mit etwa 1000 Internetadressen erstellen , die täglich aktualisiert wird .
Fünf der größten Provider haben sich bereits freiwillig bereit erklärt , die Sperrungen technisch umzusetzen .
Die anderen sollen nun mit dem entsprechenden Gesetz dazu gezwungen werden .
Es hat gute Chancen noch vor der Sommerpause verabschiedet zu werden .
Das Petitionsverfahren kann darauf keinen Einfluss mehr haben .
Dennoch ist die Diskussion weiterhin hitzig .
Neben den Unterzeichnern der Petition gibt es dazu auch schon mehr als 9700 Beiträge in dem angeschlossenen Forum .
Die Zensur ist darin das große Thema .
Nicht nur die , die angeblich durch die Sperrung der kinderpornografischen Internetseiten entsteht , sondern auch die innerhalb des Forums .
Sobald nämlich der Ausschussdienst als Administrator unerlaubte Beiträge ( beleidigend , verletzend , verlinkt ) löscht , entbrennt eine empfindliche Diskussion um die Rechtmäßigkeit .
Dabei gibt es dann auch schon mal den versteckten Tipp , Beiträge erst Freitag Nachmittag einzustellen .
Weil dann der Administrator möglicherweise nicht mehr da ist , steht der Beitrag möglicherweise mit Montag Morgen im Forum .
Sind Online - Petitionen so etwas wie die Demonstrationen des Internetzeitalters ?
Schließlich ist es einfacher per Mail eine Petition zu unterzeichnen und den politischen Apparat damit in Schwung zu bringen , als bei einer Demonstration auf die Straße zu gehen .
In „ gewissem Sinne “ sei das so , sagt Kommunikationswissenschaftler Schmidt .
Er glaubt allerdings nicht , dass der Internetprotest die Demonstration ablöst .
Doch entsteht eine neue Möglichkeit des Protestes .
After crafting two dazzling fan films that land Star Wars characters in everyday San Francisco , Mike Horn has proven that he has a gift not only for CGI , but also for sci - fi satire .
His latest short , embedded below , features the Death Star vaporizing Star Trek ‘s beloved Enterprise , a subtle jab at the runaway success of J.J. Abrams ’ recently released Star Trek reboot .
“ I wanted to riff off Star Trek IV , in which the crew has traveled back in time again to San Francisco to collect more whales , this time in their new Enterprise , as opposed to a Klingon Bird of Prey , ” Horn explained to Wired.com by e-mail .
“ With all the Star Trek hype going on , I thought it would be fun to ruffle some Trekkie feathers , and also remind everyone of our other beloved sci- fi franchise . ”
Horn , who has spent his days as an editor at Current TV since its launch in 2005 and also directs for San Francisco video shop Rehab , does n’t have a beef against Trek , although he finds it contains more cheese than his favored Star Wars .
He just likes to seamlessly mash up sci- fi legends .
He spent about 50 hours on his recent clip , he says , using Mocha for motion tracking , After Effects for compositing and Final Cut Pro for editing , sound design and mixing .
He also raised the stakes by shooting in high definition with a Canon HG20 .
Another upgrade :
He turned to the storm - trooper actors of the 501st Legion .
After he released his first stunning video , “ Death Star Over San Francisco , ” embedded at bottom , fans of that sweet but somewhat destabilizing short suggested he bring on board the 501st ’s Star Wars costume champs for future efforts .
In little time , Horn says , he had signed “ four very generous volunteers named Edward Karl , David Buckley , Keita Moriwak and Anthony Tse. Booyah ! ”
Horn ’s most - recent fan film dropped right as Star Trek ‘s mojo hit warp 9 , but it also launched very close to George Lucas ’ May 14 birthday .
Horn ’s still waiting for his first communique from Skywalker Ranch .
“ Lucas has not called me yet , ” Horn says , “ but if he did , I ’d certainly express my gratitude toward him for making my childhood so magical .
His cultural and technological legacy is enormous .
My favorite Star Wars films are the original trilogy , and of the newer trilogy , I ’d oddly have to say Phantom Menace was my favorite . ”
Horn ’s next project wo n’t involve the Death Star annihilating an army of killer robots , but that ’s just because he does n’t have time to squeeze out another video before Terminator Salvation ‘s release .
He is mulling a Star Wars and Transformers mashup , though , in honor of the late - June release of Revenge of the Fallen .
He ’s also thinking bigger , but more intimate , for his next Star Wars standalone .
“ I ’d like to do a sappy Lifetime / Hallmark story about a storm - trooper on Endor who rescues a baby Ewok and raises him as his son , ” Horn says .
“ That might require more money than I usually spend , which is zero . ”
He ’s also got a partial script , based on Ray Kurzweil ’s The Age of Spiritual Machines , that follows a “ dying priest in the future who gets his mind digitized so he can continue living . ”
Until then , Horn is pondering updating his personal site , which would be a hot spot of video mash if he ever got around to building it beyond the deranged Popeye photo , ( photo at top ) .
It ’s on his list of things to do .
“ The captain pic was a Mother ’s Day gift to my mom , ” he says .
“ I ’ll update the site once I lock down a sweet 1994 - style design , animated GIFs and all . ”
Top Photo : Video editor and indie filmmaker Mike Horn has crafted two of the coolest Star Wars fan flicks .
See also :
GO FIGURE
Different ways of seeing stats
If you want to know why so many statistics are rubbish try answering this one question , below , says Michael Blastland in his regular column .
Q : When answering survey questions , do you tell the truth ?
Yes
Yes No
No Sometimes
You need Javascript enabled to use this feature .
Please enable your Javascript or use a browser that supports it .
Please choose an answer before submitting .
We do n't necessarily believe you .
Why ?
Read the article below to find out .
The old complaint that there are lies , damned lies and statistics blames the bean counter , the supposed stubby - pencilled bureaucrat who gathers the data , or the slick vote - grabber who mangles the results for a shifty cause .
But who started it ?
The answer - sorry folks - is you .
Want to know who introduces half the junk into junk stats ?
Look in the mirror .
I 'm not talking about the survey of our top 10 fears for our kids in a big bad world that then tries to flog us life assurance , or the junk surveys that prove 11 out of 10 cats trust their livers with our new - brewed - seaweed - detox - virus scan .
A handful in every hundred will say they snort tinfoil , if asked - at least researchers have an approximate benchmark for the drivel
I mean everything from immigration stats to unemployment , retail sales surveys or earnings to what the nation tunes to on the radio or how old you are , from the illegal drugs that teenagers take to how much sex you have .
To know what people experience , want , think , do , prefer , intend , how they behave , vote etc there 's often little alternative to asking them .
The numbers depend on you , or people like you , and the truth is that some of you can't be trusted to tell it .
Most of the data we care about is about people .
Trouble is , some of those people do n't half talk some rubbish .
Take this example from the US Census Bureau , which among other things tracks the number of centenarians .
The chart shows how many say they are aged 100 or over ( Declared ) - and how many the bureau trusts ( Preferred ) .
What happened in 1970 - with 22 times more saying they were 100 - plus than the bureau thought likely - is anyone 's guess .
A decade 's worth of LSD , maybe ?
" Me , I 'm 504 , man . "
In some of these years there were whole families apparently born in the 1800s .
" You counting this life , or all of them ? "
Some will genuinely struggle with the form ( it 's believed the huge disparity in 1970 arose from a misunderstanding on the form ) and do n't deserve bad jokes .
But you do wonder if some hope to make it onto Oprah .
Here 's another .
When you read scare stories about the latest new teen drug habit , bear in mind that researchers routinely insert an entirely fictitious drug into the questionnaire because they know some teenagers are full of - technical term coming up , here - tripe .
Rubbish in , rubbish out A handful in every hundred will say they snort tinfoil , if asked .
The fictional drug sometimes has a similar number of ticks to others that , once headlined , become a national panic .
At least researchers have an approximate benchmark for the drivel .
One doctor who could be forgiven for getting his birthday wrong
Of course , no respectable professional who appreciates the value of accurate information would put a spanner in the data .
Think so ?
Then think of doctors in the health service asked by an e-mail survey how old they were .
Simple ?
Too simple , thought the docs , as they typed into the date - of - birth field the do n't - waste - my - time digits 00/00/00 .
Wise to this possibility , the system was set up to reject it .
So the docs typed 11/11/11 instead , as in " born on the 11th November 1911 " .
Hence the discovery of huge numbers of medical staff in the NHS aged over 90 .
Rubbish in , rubbish out .
( Thanks to Professor David Hand for that story ) .
Bluntly then , it 's your fault too , when stats go wrong , after all 's said , done , aggregated and analysed and the numbers still spout rubbish .
The blame starts here .
The serious point is that it 's easy to treat data as if it falls into our laps and that only then can people do underhand things with it .
As the writer Joel Best points out , it 's people who count , and what they mostly count is other people .
If you want to know some of the most curious problems with data , start not with the technicalities but by asking : " what am I like ? "
Perhaps the surprise is that none of this makes official data worthless .
Those trusted with collecting facts were n't born yesterday .
They know the wheezes we get up to .
They typically allow margins of error , take special care when people self - report their behaviour and try to keep them honest by cross-checks , confidentiality and the like .
They work hard to understand when and how people 's answers can be unreliable and often find ways of filtering out some of the rubbish .
But it 's a question to ask whenever you see data , official or otherwise , the result of the numerous surveys and samples on which our knowledge of our country depends : " Honestly ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Everything said in the context of a god being real is mere nonsense . "
Darwin Bedford ,
Atheists.net author
Some of this content is intended for those of you who are still religious and some of this content is for those of you who are already non-religious .
List of sites by Darwin Bedford :
AtheistMessiah.com
Atheists.net
CampaignToKillJesus.org
666shirts.com
DenormalizeReligion.com
undoJesus.org
undoGod.com
if - Jesus- returns - kill - Him-again.com
undoMuhammad.org
undoAllah.org
undoIslam.org
MindFraud.com
Darwin Bedford
Click here to jump to the part ( with coloured text ) where I object to the police officer swearing to a god that does n't exist that he will tell the truth during the hearing — instead of affirming that he will tell the truth .
No. AF02903129-1 Vancouver Registry
In the Provincial Court of British Columbia ( BEFORE G. HAYES , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE ) Vancouver , B.C. July 19 , 2001 REGINA v DAVID BEDFORD ___________________________________________________________
PROCEEDINGS AT HEARING ___________________________________________________________
PART I Nil PART II - EVIDENCE
Witnesses for the Crown STEVEN GOLDIE in chief 4 cross-exam by the Disputant 6 Witnesses for the Disputant DAVID BEDFORD in chief 8 cross-exam by the Constable 9 PART III - EXHIBITS NO .
DESCRIPTION Nil PART IV - JUDGMENTS
Reasons for Judgment 11 Reasons for Sentence 12 Vancouver , B.C. July 19 , 2001 THE COURT : You ’re David Bedford ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes , I am .
THE COURT : And you ’re here because of a ticket , AF02903129 ?
THE DISPUTANT : Mm-hmm .
THE COURT : This is an allegation of failing to signal a lane change , contrary to s. 151 of the Motor Vehicle Act .
You understand the charge on the ticket ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes , I do .
THE COURT : And you ’re ready to deal with it today ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes , I am .
THE COURT : Now , you have two plea options .
You can enter a plea of not guilty .
We will have a trial .
I will hear all of the evidence from both sides .
Then I will come to a decision .
If you ’re acquitted , that ’s it , you just leave .
If you ’re convicted , then we talk about what ’s a reasonable amount of fine and what would be reasonable time to pay .
The alternative to the not guilty plea is enter a plea of guilty with an explanation , simply wanting to relate to the court what were the circumstances , what is your financial situation , and asking the court to consider reducing the fine accordingly and / or time to pay .
So , those would be your two options .
Any questions , or do you simply wish to enter a plea ?
THE DISPUTANT : I simply wish to enter a plea .
THE COURT : And what ’s your plea ?
THE DISPUTANT : Not guilty .
THE COURT : Have a seat , then .
We ’ll hear the evidence from the officer first .
STEVEN GOLDIE , a witness called on behalf of the Crown , being duly sworn , testifies as follows : THE DISPUTANT : Objection , Your Honour .
THE COURT : Yes ?
THE DISPUTANT : I can assure the court that there are no Gods involved , there are no Gods , and that God is not on his side .
THE COURT : Yes , I ’m aware of that .
Probably through practice and tradition , most of the enforcement officers swear on the Bible .
Some even will only swear on a certain Bible , and some will only swear on certain chapters of the Bible .
There are officers who simply affirm .
That is , they promise to tell the truth on their own oath .
It ’s my practice to offer to either the officer or the person who wants to be a witness their choice , to promise to tell the truth on their own oath or to swear on the Bible .
Where the court can accommodate it , we sometimes are able to allow for some other religious oath , whatever it is that will bind the person ’s conscience .
The old days , I think , the perception that a higher power will strike somebody dead , or that they ’re going to suffer for eternity if they tell a lie under oath , I do n’t think that carries as much force as perhaps it used to in years past .
What ’s critical as far as the court is concerned is that the person will take an oath , either by affirmation or by religion , simply telling the court that they promise to tell the truth .
If there ’s evidence that they are not telling the truth , whether they take the religious oath , or whether they take the affirmation , they ’re still subject to the same criminal consequence .
The justice system is not going to wait for a higher power to run its course at judgment day , whatever that may be in that religion .
Whether you take your oath on your own promise or whether you take it on a religious basis you would still face the same temporal sanction under the criminal law .
THE DISPUTANT : Your Honour , I object to the court proceedings starting off with a lie .
It is not ‑‑ THE COURT : Well , what is ‑‑ THE DISPUTANT :
It ’s not a good indication that this is a fair trial if the witness starts off lying about there being a God and that he swears to it .
THE COURT : Well , I have some difficulty on the one hand .
I mean , I have personal beliefs that I do n’t allow to interfere with performing the task before me .
I have to take some judicial notice that even the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which is the supreme law of this country , makes a reference to God , whatever that may be .
If the officer prefers to take an oath to promise to tell the truth on a religious basis , I ca n’t deny him that right , no more than I could deny you the right to refuse to take an oath on a religious basis .
If I had my way , my preference would be every person , every witness would affirm .
They would simply promise to tell the truth on their own oath .
But at present we have a dual system .
I do n’t think getting into some philosophical argument about whether God exists or does not exist really undermines the fact that this officer , this person has taken the witness stand in a court of law and has said they will tell the truth .
THE DISPUTANT : Would you object to the witness also affirming ?
THE COURT : No , but I would only affirm the witness if the witness agreed to also affirm because it ’s their choice , not the court ’s choice .
Officer , what ’s your position on whether you would also take an affirmation in addition to your original oath ?
THE CONSTABLE : I have no problem with that .
THE COURT : Would that be satisfactory to you ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yeah , so far .
THE COURT : All right .
STEVEN GOLDIE , a witness called on behalf of the Crown , being duly affirmed , testifies as follows : THE COURT : All right .
Are you satisfied now ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes .
THE COURT : All right .
Now , when the officer is done giving evidence you get a chance to ask him questions , okay ?
When the officer is finished and you ’re done asking him questions you can take the witness stand , if you wish , and give me evidence on the oath of your choice , and if you decide you want to do that the officer will get a chance to ask you questions .
Now , before we go any further , were there any other issues that you were planning on raising perhaps as should have been preliminary motions , any constitutional arguments you want to raise , so that we can decide whether the matter can go ahead now or whether it needs to be adjourned to another date when there ’s more time available to hear those arguments ?
THE DISPUTANT : I ’m wondering why this officer is bearing witness when this was not the officer that served the ticket ?
THE COURT : That would have to be a matter of evidence ‑‑ THE DISPUTANT : Okay .
THE COURT : -- we would hear in the course of the trial .
Anything else ?
THE DISPUTANT : ( Inaudible ) .
THE COURT : All right .
So , we ’ll proceed then .
Officer , go ahead .
A Your Honour , right off the bat I ’m going to ask for the court ’s discretion on one amendment .
The date was not the 17th of April of the year 2000 , it was the 16th of April .
So , before we proceed any further , with the court ’s permission I ’d like to have that amended .
THE COURT : All right .
Any objections from you , Mr. Bedford ?
THE DISPUTANT : No objections , no .
THE COURT : All right .
You understand the fact that the amendment is made does ‑‑ it is an error .
THE DISPUTANT : It is an error .
THE COURT : So , that does factor into the ultimate weighing of evidence .
THE DISPUTANT : It is in fact an error .
THE COURT : Okay .
The amendment is approved .
A Thank you , Your Honour .
It was so long ago I ’ve forgotten , I do n’t remember saying whether I ’m Constable Steven Goldie , G - o - l - d - i-e .
I ’m Constable 31 , City of Vancouver Police Department , and was so employed and on duty the 16th of April of the year 2000 and attached to the Traffic Enforcement Division .
The event I ’m about to relate to you occurred here in the City of Vancouver , Province of British Columbia , and I am refreshing my memory by the use of extensive notes I made with regards to this matter .
THE COURT : If those notes were made at the time you may refer to them .
A
They were made after the event , immediately after the event that I ’m alleging .
THE COURT : You may refer to these notes for cross-examination if you wish .
A Your Honour , on that date at 1242 hours I had occasion to be on duty , operating an unmarked Vancouver Police Radar Car .
I was in plainclothes , and I had occasion to be operating this vehicle eastbound on Hastings Street in the 300 block .
I was travelling amongst other vehicles when I was passed by a vehicle which was a Ford product .
It passed my vehicle .
It was travelling into the number two lane .
And as it was in the number two lane ahead of me , travelling into the 200 block of East Hastings , the vehicle was immediately ahead of me , the operator caused that vehicle to change lanes from the number two or the middle lane of the 200 East Hastings , and there are three lanes westbound on Hastings , and he was in the middle lane of that street in the 200 block .
The operator of that vehicle caused it to change from the middle lane to the left lane , or the number one lane .
When the vehicle changed lanes from the number two to the number one lane there was no signal ,
electronic or hand , from the operator of that vehicle .
I then observed this vehicle pass a single vehicle that was travelling in the number two lane .
The vehicle , the Ford that had moved from the two to the number one lane then immediately changed back into the number two lane from the number one lane .
There was no hand signal , there was no electronic signal when it moved into the number two lane .
As the vehicle was approaching the intersection of Hastings and Main in the westbound direction the operator of that vehicle then caused it to move from the number two lane that it was in into the curb lane , and again there was no electronic signal and there was no hand signal and I had an unobstructed view of the back of this vehicle and , in fact , the whole vehicle , and I was paying particular attention to it because it was somewhat obvious to me that this vehicle was working its way through slower traffic .
When this vehicle moved into the number three lane without signalling , that became three unsignalled lane changes in the 200 block .
When this Ford product came to the intersection the traffic light was red .
It was the first vehicle in the number three or curb lane at the intersection of Hastings and Main and I was in immediately behind that vehicle in the unmarked police vehicle .
When the traffic light turned to green the operator of that vehicle started up fairly quickly , in fact , faster than the other cars , the cars that were stopped in the one and two lane .
It travelled through the intersection and then went on the other side of the intersection in the 100 block of East Hastings the operator caused that vehicle to change from the curb lane into the middle lane or the number two lane and again there was no signal , electronic or hand signal , whatsoever , from the operator of that vehicle , that being the fourth unsignalled lane change I ’d observed from this vehicle .
As a result , I activated the emergency lights on the unmarked vehicle .
The Ford product was pulled over to the curb .
Once the vehicle was over to the curb I exited the police vehicle .
I was in plainclothes .
I approached the operator of that vehicle .
I identified myself as Vancouver Police .
I indicated to the operator exactly why he had been stopped in terms of the number of unsignalled lane changes , and I asked him for his driver ’s licence .
He produced to me a valid and subsisting British Columbia picture driver ’s licence in the name of David Bedford .
The picture on the driver ’s licence was that of the operator .
The operator said to me he was David Bedford , and I was satisfied by the likeness of the picture , which was that of the person behind the wheel , that I was in fact dealing with David Bedford .
Your Honour , having observed the vehicle operated by this person in the 200 block of East Hastings make three unsignalled lane changes and one more unsignalled lane change in the 100 block of East Hastings I decided to issue a violation ticket for the unsignalled lane change in the 200 block of East Hastings , that being the very first unsignalled lane change that was made from the number two to the number one where the vehicle was immediately ahead of me .
I subsequently did that using s. 151 ( c ) of the Motor Vehicle Act , fail to signal lane change .
I used document number AF02903129 for that section .
I completed that document and I signed that document and I served an accurate and true copy of that document on the operator and allowed him to proceed .
Your Honour , it was a sunny day , and all these events occurred here in the City of Vancouver , Province of British Columbia .
That ’s the evidence on behalf of the Crown .
THE COURT : Do you want to ask the officer any questions about anything that he told the court in evidence ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes .
THE COURT : Go ahead .
CROSS - EXAMINATION BY THE DISPUTANT : Q
From the time that you put on your lights to the time that you ‑‑ the time that I signed the ticket , what was the duration of time that spanned ?
A I do n’t keep track of it .
I could estimate .
But you never did sign the ticket , and I never asked you to sign the ticket .
So , maybe you perhaps mean served the ticket on you , from the time I pulled you over ?
Q
The time that you left ‑‑ left me , after you handed me the ticket , to the time that you put on your lights .
The time , chronologically , from the time that you had put on your lights to pull me over to the time that you had handed me the ticket and walked back to your car , what would you say the time lapse was ?
A Well , Your Honour , I did n’t make notes about it .
I know that sometimes tickets take longer to write
because people want to discuss things with you .
But , generally , if somebody does n’t want to have a big conversation with me , simply wants to identify themselves , sit there and wait for the ticket , it ’s usually about 60 seconds , a minute .
Q Okay .
But you ca n’t actually say ‑‑ A I can’t actually say that , Your Honour .
I can easily write a ticket and be gone in a minute if there ’s nothing unusual about the circumstances .
Q
When you left me did you realize I was talking to you ?
A
Oh , I have left many people when they ’ve been talking to me and it ’s possible .
I do n’t recall whether you were talking to me , but it ’s quite likely you might have been talking to me and I usually do n’t stay around for much conversation because it usually leads to problems .
Q
Did you stay around for any conversation ?
A After I served the ticket ?
Probably not .
Q
While you were serving the ticket ?
A Well , while I ’m serving the ticket I ’m sticking around .
Q Okay .
Did you spend any time talking to me besides the couple of questions for me producing the driver ’s licence ?
A I told you , in the initial conversation I said “ Vancouver Police .
I ’ve stopped you for failing to signal lane changes .
I ’d like your driver ’s licence , please , ” and other than then asking you , “ Are you who is named on the driver ’s licence , ” et cetera , after that , no , no conversation that I got into or made notes of .
Q
How many ‑‑ was there another officer in the police car that you used to pull me over with ?
A No , there was not .
Q
Are you sure that you were in plainclothes ?
A Yes , and I know why I was in plainclothes .
It was the Sun Run day and I was in plainclothes for the Vancouver Sun Run .
It was part of my assignment .
Q
Do your plainclothes look like a police officer uniform ?
A Not at all .
That ’s why they ’re called plainclothes .
Q
It was ‑‑ so , you ’re saying that there was not another person in the police car with you ?
A No , I am not saying that .
You asked me if there was another officer with me and my answer was no , and there was not another officer with me .
Q Okay .
Was there another person in the police car with
you ?
A
There was a civilian with me , yes .
Q A civilian .
Okay .
I do n’t think I have any further questions .
THE COURT : All right .
Officer , you can step down .
THE WITNESS : Thank you , Your Honour .
( WITNESS EXCUSED ) THE COURT : Mr. Bedford , do you want to give evidence ?
THE DISPUTANT : Yes , I do .
THE COURT : Come on up to the witness stand , please .
I take it that your preference is simply to promise to tell the truth on your own oath , correct ?
THE DISPUTANT : That ’s correct .
DAVID BEDFORD , the Disputant , being duly affirmed , testifies as follows : THE COURT : Thank you .
State your name and spell your last name for the court record .
A My name is David Robin Bedford .
Last name is spelled B - e - d - f - o - r-d .
THE COURT : Thank you .
Go ahead .
A Your Honour , I was ‑‑ it was the Sun Run day .
I was travelling , like the officer said , along Hastings , and I was ‑‑ I was driving into town to pick up a child from the Sun Run who was leaving the Sun Run , and I was signalling as I was driving , and my ‑‑ well , like , I had noted that , the day before , that my signal was not working , or was occasionally not working .
It was sporadic , depending on what bump I went over , and this was only the driver ’s side that I had noticed , anyway .
And I tried to explain to the officer , but he asked me very quickly , like rapid gunfire , “ Turn your left signal on .
Turn your right signal on , ” and I did so .
He says , “ They ’re working , ” and he handed me the ticket and he went back to his car and I was still with my mouth open trying to explain to him that my signal was not working on the driver ’s side .
And I ’m pretty sure he was wearing a uniform .
I remember a uniform .
It was definitely blue , navy blue pants , you know , dark ‑‑ dark blue pants .
He was wearing a black jacket .
I thought it was a uniform jacket .
THE COURT : All right .
Anything else you want to add ?
A
There was another person in the car .
I assumed it was
a lady police officer but that assumption was incorrect , I guess .
And he seemed like he was in so much of a hurry that , as you noted , the date was written incorrectly on the ticket .
He was in an extreme hurry .
And I did go home after ‑‑ well , I paid attention to my signals for the rest of the trip and I did note that it was not functioning during periods of the trip , and I did go home and I opened my trunk up and on the ‑‑ on the passenger side there was a loose connection with the ‑‑ with the wire end of the , what do you call those plug-ins at the end of the wire , was ‑‑ was n’t properly attached , I guess from my putting my daughter ’s drums in the car , one of the drum cymbals , or something , hit it off , hit it loose .
THE COURT : Mm-hmm .
Anything else ?
A No , I do n’t believe so .
THE COURT : Any questions from the Crown ?
CROSS - EXAMINATION BY THE CONSTABLE : Q
Sir , in your direct evidence you said I checked to see if your rear turn signals were working , both of them ; is that correct ?
A
That ’s correct .
Q
And I did tell you they were working ?
A
That ’s right .
Q
And you did say that your left turn signal , the rear one , I imagine you meant the rear one , there was some malfunction in it at some point , you were aware of that ?
A Yes . Q
Why were you driving the vehicle that was malfunctioning or potentially malfunctioning if it went over a bump ?
A Well , I had to drive the vehicle that day and I intended to get it fixed .
It was a Saturday and that would be the day that I would get it fixed .
Q
But in the end , in your own evidence , you said ‑‑ A And I did ‑‑ Q -- you did find what the problem was and fixed it ?
A -- and I did ‑‑ and I did fix it that day .
THE CONSTABLE : No further questions , Your Honour .
THE COURT : Step down to counsel table , please .
( WITNESS EXCUSED ) THE COURT : Anything you ’d like to say in summary , Mr. Bedford ?
THE DISPUTANT : No , I do n’t believe so .
THE COURT : All right .
The Motor Vehicle Act is pretty straightforward .
These are regulatory offences , they ’re not criminal matters .
What that means in simple terms is that the Crown does n’t have to prove that you meant to break the law .
They only have to prove that whatever the illegal thing is , that it took place .
Lane changes , no signal .
You ca n’t argue that you did n’t mean to break the law , but in most cases with one of these regulations you can argue that you took all reasonable steps to
avoid committing the offence .
It ’s called due diligence .
Now , in this case you were aware of some malfunction in the lights , that there was some intermittent operation with the signals .
I do n’t know what the timeline was , as in did you notice it at midnight the night before and you had your commitments for the next morning ?
Those may be factors that I will consider when we discuss what ’s an appropriate penalty .
But I am satisfied that the offence did take place .
I am going to enter a finding of guilt .
Any submissions from the Crown ?
THE CONSTABLE : No , Your Honour .
I ’ll leave it to the court ’s discretion .
Thank you .
THE COURT : So , now , Mr. Bedford , I ’ll ask you become aware of the malfunction ?
THE DISPUTANT : It was the evening before .
THE COURT : Late in the evening ?
THE DISPUTANT : No , it was around dinnertime .
THE COURT : All right .
So , you did n’t have time to scoot to Canadian Tire or wherever and ‑‑ THE DISPUTANT : No .
THE COURT : -- check it out ?
THE DISPUTANT : I do n’t even know what hours they ’re open until .
THE COURT : All right .
Considering your good driving record , and the fact that no speeding was alleged , and nothing was alleged that relates to any unsafe operation of the motor vehicle other than the signals were n’t operative , I ’m going to impose an absolute discharge .
There will be no fine .
You ’re free to go .
Thank you .
THE DISPUTANT : Thank you .
( PROCEEDINGS CONCLUDED ) ___________________________
Hayes , G. , J.P. EVERYTHING SAID IN THE CONTEXT OF GOD BEING REAL IS MERE NONSENSE .
Let 's debate , and build !
E-Mail : darwin@atheists.net
If you would like to advance the world to be deity - free , then may I recommend donating to the
Voters Without Religion Association .
Help dereligionize the world .
Click on the above button to donate .
Darwin Bedford — active on the internet since 1996
Last updated on secure site : March 6 , 2020
You are welcome to copy and disseminate the contents of this site .
Tired of blaming GPS on petty mishaps like the destruction of cars , a demolition crew in Georgia has managed to accidentally destroy an entirely wrong house based on GPS coordinates .
Oddly enough , it was n't even the first time they 'd been by : the man who cuts the grass noticed that the power box was missing from the home and holes were punched into the walls about a month ago -- it was suspected as vandalism , but it now seems that the stealthy , directionless demolition company was to blame .
The demolition company says it had " paperwork " authorizing the destruction , complete with the coordinates and a description of the home , which the owner 's father had built with his own hands " brick by brick . "
[ Thanks , Leonard ]
A MAN was lucky to escape alive after he danced in an open window of a sixth floor flat .
He spent about two hours hurling household goods from the flat , smashing windows with a hammer and perched precariously on the window .
The drama started just before 9 am on Tuesday at Pear Tree Court , in Pendleton , Salford , according to residents .
The man , believed to be 35 , threw bottles , a microwave oven , pans and even a lap - top computer out of the seventh floor window , damaging cars parked below .
Police say they were called at 9.40 am .
A stand - off ensued , watched by a crowd of about 200 people .
An M.E.N reporter saw the man appear to ' play up ' to the crowd , dancing on the window and also reaching up to smash the window of a flat above with a hammer .
Blood - stained
He appeared to have blood - stained hands .
One song could be heard playing continuously from inside the flat , ' All Summer Long ' by Kid Rock .
The man disappeared back inside the flat and could be seen smashing windows in the stairwell .
The drama came to an end when police in riot gear entered the block and shot the man with a Taser stun gun at 10.50 am .
He was arrested on suspicion of affray and taken away in a van to be interviewed by police .
Anthony Robinson , 41 , said : " My sister lives on the first floor and I had to go in to get her kids out .
They 're only three and 16 months , so it was upsetting for them , but they 're ok . "
Another resident on sixthth floor , said : " I heard this banging and I went to the door and I could see him through the spy - hole .
He had a big hammer and he was smashing all the doors .
" I looked out of my window and the police had cordoned the place off .
Then I heard the police shouting at him . "
A police spokesman said officers were called at 9.40 am following reports of concern for the welfare of a man at the block of flats .
He added a 35 - year - old man was arrested on suspicion of affray and was being interviewed by police .
Dr. George Tiller , the OB - GYN who performed late - term abortions , was shot and killed this past weekend and this week much has been coming out about his past and possible connections between what happened and Fox News .
The alleged murderer , Scott Roeder , supposedly posted the following on an Operation Rescue web site in 2007 :
It seems as though what is happening in Kansas could be compared to the “ lawlessness ” which is spoken of in the Bible .
Tiller is the concentration camp “ Mengele ” of our day and needs to be stopped before he and those who protect him bring judgement upon our nation .
There were 29 episodes of The O’Reilly Factor that mentioned Dr. George Tiller with hateful , sometimes violent , language .
Some examples were mentioned on BradBlog .
O’Reilly continued his series of programs focusing on the Kansas physician , charging him with “ operating a death mill ” ( video here ) , and alleging that he was “ executing babies ” ( video here ) .
O’Reilly had previously been highly critical of the state ’s Gov. Kathleen Sebelius , charging , during his “ Talking Points ” commentary in 2007 , that she was “ allowing [ Tiller ] to continue the slaughter . ”
The idea that Bill O’Reilly ‘s inciteful language was influential for people , like Roeder , was furthered by Salon ’s Gabriel Winant .
Tiller ’s name first appeared on The Factor on Feb. 25 , 2005 .
Since then , O’Reilly and his guest hosts have brought up the doctor on 28 more episodes , including as recently as April 27 of this year .
Almost invariably , Tiller is described as “ Tiller the Baby Killer . ”
Tiller , O’Reilly likes to say , “ destroys fetuses for just about any reason right up until the birth date for $ 5,000 . ”
He ’s guilty of “ Nazi stuff , ” said O’Reilly on June 8 , 2005 ; a moral equivalent to NAMBLA and al - Qaida , he suggested on March 15 , 2006 .
“ This is the kind of stuff happened in Mao ’s China , Hitler ’s Germany , Stalin ’s Soviet Union , ” said O’Reilly on Nov. 9 , 2006 .
O’Reilly has also frequently linked Tiller to his longtime obsession , child molestation and rape .
Because a young teenager who received an abortion from Tiller could , by definition , have been a victim of statutory rape , O’Reilly frequently suggested that the clinic was covering up for child rapists ( rather than teenage boyfriends ) by refusing to release records on the abortions performed .
The New York Times also reported on the possible connection , providing quotes and details from several sources .
Within nine hours of Dr. Tiller ’s death , Salon magazine had catalogued references to him on 29 episodes of “ The O’Reilly Factor ” from 2005 to 2009 .
In one , Mr. O’Reilly talks about him and the lawmakers who supported his “ business of destruction , ” saying , “ I would n’t want to be these people if there is a Judgment Day . ”
Bloggers quickly found new examples of Mr. O’Reilly ’s condemnation of Dr. Tiller .
A commenter on Daily Kos noted that Mr. O’Reilly once sent a producer to ambush the doctor at his home in Kansas .
After the producer told him that some people called him a “ baby killer , ” the doctor tried to leave his house and called 911 .
The camera crew ended the confrontation .
The murderer is responsible for his own actions , but influences can not be denied .
The question then becomes , was he influenced by the hateful and violent rhetoric from people like Bill O’Reilly .
We ’re not likely to know unless he specifically states what incited his actions .
Regardless , the use of such language is sickening , to say the least .
Share this article
Tuesday , June 2 , 2009
Classic Movie Quotes , as Translated to Japanese and Back Using Google
“ Kidd is here , I ’m watching ”
- Casablanca
“ I will be in need of a big ship . ”
- Jaws
“ I denied him that he is not going to provide . ”
- The Godfather
“ yipe emphasis on form - Yay , motherfucker . ”
- Die Hard
“ And you , and cheese , or hit district of Paris called ? ”
- Pulp Fiction
“ May you please force . ”
- Star Wars
“ Sisters , do not fight in here !
This is the War Room . ”
- Dr. Strangelove
“ Honestly , my dear , I do not care ”
- Gone With the Wind
“ I am in Kansas is like no other . ”
- The Wizard of Oz
“ It means you can not say I ’m sorry love . ”
- Love Story
“ And she always has to live like a box of chocolates .
You ’re going to make anything that is not known . ”
- Forrest Gump
“ One has to ask themselves two questions : ’ I feel lucky ? ’
Well , what ya punk ? ”
- Dirty Harry
“ HASUTARABISUTA , baby ”
- Terminator
>>
More posts
Advertisement
No dubious blurry - cams here .
In fact , this leaked shot of the Olympus E - P1 is so pristine and tallies so well with both other leaks and actual prototypes that it 's certainly the real deal .
Coming in three colors ( the leather patch is either orangey - brown , pinky - brown or black ) and with a choice of at least two lenses and an accessory viewfinder , this is likely to be the modern Olympus " Pen " that will be officially unveiled tomorrow .
Here we see both the previously - leaked 17 mm ƒ 2.8 prime lens and a new 14 - 42 ( 28 - 84 equivalent ) ƒ 3.5 - 5.6 zoom and a huge and bright looking optical ' finder .
That finder alone has got us all hot , as compacts usually skimp on this part of the optics in favor of the LCD screen .
Speaking of LCDs , this is the one part none of the leaks has shown us .
Like we said , only one more day to wait for the official line .
If Olympus has gotten this camera right , it could be huge .
Lovely styling , a big sensor ( Micro Four Thirds sensors are half the size of a 35 mm frame ) and what looks like a well laid - out set of controls .
If the shutter response is good and low - light performance up to modern standards , it will be almost impossible to stop me buying one .
Fingers crossed .
New Olympus [ Xitek via Engadget ]
See Also :
When Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin announced her resignation two weeks ago it was after a series of strange , petty bouts with her detractors .
Many " frivolous ethics violations " had been alleged against her , she noted .
David Letterman had told an ugly joke about her daughter .
A blogger had posted something that was probably not true .
Someone had photoshopped a radio talker 's face onto a picture of her baby -- a " malicious desecration " of the image , in the words of Ms. Palin 's spokeswoman .
Team Palin got duly indignant at each of ...
A sermon by powerful cleric and opposition supporter Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani reignited Iran ’s simmering protest movement Friday , heartening thousands of supporters who braved tear gas and club - wielding militiamen to march and chant slogans across Tehran .
In a highly anticipated speech , Rafsanjani slammed the hard - line camp supporting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , criticized the June 12 election results and promoted several key opposition demands .
Analysts said his description of the unrest as an ongoing “ crisis ” was a signal to keep the pressure on Ahmadinejad and supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
His speech , as well as the ensuing pitched clashes between security forces and supporters of opposition figure Mir-Hossein Mousavi , suggested that the political firestorm surrounding the marred vote would continue and that the movement it had inspired remained strong .
Reformist websites estimated that more than 1 million people participated .
That number could not be confirmed , though even supporters of the hard - line camp who attended the prayer session to show support for Khamenei acknowledged that the crowds were huge .
Advertisement
Rafsanjani told worshipers gathered for Friday prayers in and around Tehran University : “ We could have taken our best step in the history of the Islamic Revolution had the election not faced problems .
Today , we are living in bitter conditions because of what happened after the announcement of the election result .
All of us have suffered .
We need unity more than any time else . ”
Mousavi and his supporters claim that Ahmadinejad , backed by Khamenei , falsified results and stole the election .
Khamenei , who is supposed to be above partisan politics , infuriated them by coming down squarely on the side of the incumbent .
Mousavi ’s backers widely interpreted Rafsanjani ’s speech as anything but a call for unity .
They chanted boisterous anti-government slogans for hours in defiance of menacing security forces and plainclothes Basiji militiamen .
Immediately afterward , Tehran residents could be heard from rooftops and balconies shouting support for Rafsanjani .
Advertisement
“ The main goal of Rafsanjani ’s sermon today was to improve his own position so that he can pressure Khamenei , ” said Meir Javedanfar , an Iran analyst .
“ He got large numbers to come to the streets and to listen to him .
He showed that he is not a spent force . ”
Even before the speech , security forces were taking away young men in police vans .
Helmeted Basiji militiamen aboard motorcycles began pushing toward crowds of young men and women brandishing eye - catching ribbons in green , the color of the opposition movement .
Some women defiantly wore chadors in bright green instead of the traditional black .
After the sermon , downtown erupted in violence .
Security forces attacked demonstrators , older and grayer than at recent gatherings , who were chanting “ Death to the dictator ! ” and “ God is great . ”
Tear gas filled streets as protesters sought to enter the gates of the university , which riot police had locked .
The crowds swarmed through downtown , chanting slogans , lighting cigarettes and holding them in front of their faces to counter the effects of the tear gas .
Advertisement
Masked demonstrators also set fire to trash in the middle of roadways to burn off the tear gas , video posted on YouTube showed .
One group shut down two highways , while a second handed flowers to smiling policemen and kissed them on the cheeks , witnesses said .
Another large group gathered in front of the Ministry of the Interior , which is under the control of Sadegh Mahsouli , a wealthy ally of Ahmadinejad .
“ Mahsouli ! Mahsouli !
Give my vote back , ” they chanted , according to a video posted to YouTube .
Demonstrators also began to head north to approach the headquarters of state broadcasting , which has barely reported on the unrest and aired a cooking show on television during Rafsanjani ’s speech .
Advertisement
“ Last Thursday five of my friends were arrested , and they are in . . .
Evin Prison , and it ’s my duty to come and participate , ” said Nahid , a 22 - year - old law student who asked that her last name not be published .
A 50 - year - old supporter of the hard - line camp , who identified himself only by his first name , Hossein , countered : “ Mousavi caused all these problems .
This is his fault . ”
As night fell , the boisterous roar of “ God is great ” could be heard from rooftops across the capital in what has become a daily gesture of protest against Ahmadinejad , who is to be sworn in for a second term early next month .
Mousavi and fellow reformist presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi attended the sermon , according to photographs published by the semi-official Iranian Students News Agency .
Plainclothes security officers roughed up Karroubi after the speech , knocking his turban to the ground , according to witnesses and photographs posted online .
Advertisement
At times during the prayer service , the two camps appeared to be shouting directly at each other .
As Mousavi supporters chanted “ Death to the dictator ” against Ahmadinejad , his supporters chanted “ Death to opponents ” of Khamenei .
And as hard - liners repeated their signature cries of “ Death to America ” and “ Death to Israel , ” Mousavi supporters overwhelmed them with chants of “ Death to Russia ” and “ Death to China , ” referring to the two U.N. Security Council members that have shielded Iran from much tougher sanctions over its nuclear program .
Asked about the day ’s developments , State Department spokesman Robert Wood told reporters that the Iranian government needed to address the crisis of confidence .
“ And until it does , it ’s going to be very hard for that government to gain legitimacy in the eyes of its people , ” he said .
Rafsanjani ’s sermon did not appear to immediately alter the dynamics within the ruling establishment and Iranian society .
But it gave explicit clerical backing for some of the key demands of the movement built on Mousavi ’s presidential campaign .
Advertisement
By calling for the rule of law , he positioned himself as a statesman and took a swipe at Khamenei .
Though diplomatic , he placed himself squarely within the opposition camp .
His speech appeared to strike a chord with ordinary Iranians , bolstering Rafsanjani ’s status among Iran ’s middle class , which had long derided him as corrupt .
“ Most of people are so glad that Rafsanjani made such a speech , ” said Ali , 34 , a computer programmer who previously described himself as a supporter of the deposed family of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi .
“ We think that he is a hero and this action will cause him to remain a hero all his life . ”
Rafsanjani urged tolerance and dialogue , but criticized the election results and the treatment of dissidents .
“ All of us -- the establishment , the security forces , police , parliament and even protesters -- should move within the framework of law , ” Rafsanjani said .
“ We should open the doors to debate .
We should not keep so many people in prison .
We should free them to take care of their families . ”
Advertisement
He criticized the powerful Guardian Council for its review and ultimate validation of the election results , and said all Iranians needed to “ restore public confidence , because it was badly damaged . ”
He said that healing would take time and that utilizing the blunt instruments of state to quiet dissent would only make matters worse .
He also demanded freedom of the press .
Media - monitoring groups say dozens of Iranian journalists have been jailed .
“ We should let our media even criticize us , ” he said .
“ Our security forces , our police and other organs have to guarantee such a climate for criticism . ”
He also called for justice for the families of those killed in post-election violence .
“ We should try to console them , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Mostaghim is a special correspondent .
People use passwords and secret keys for a lot of different services , e.g. , firefox , pidgin , gnome keyring , ssh keys , pgp keys .
All of this data is normally stored in the home directory of a user .
An easy solution is to make the filesystem itself encrypted , see Encrypted Filesystems .
Things get more complicated if several different computers are in use , e.g. a laptop and a desktop system .
A way to make this possible is the storage of the credentials on an ( encrypted ) USB stick .
Use cases
This should allow :
more or less single - signon if the USB key is available
This should protect against :
Usage of the laptop without the USB key or a password
Usage of the stored credentials on the key without the laptop / desktop system or a password
Being forced to decrypt the hard drive of a PC during customs ( just send the USB stick with somebody else )
Basic Idea
Use pam - gnome - keyring to decrypt the ' login ' keyring stored on the laptop / desktop
the ' login ' keyring contains the password for a LUKS partition on the USB stick , which is automatically decrypted and mounted on login
the LUKS partition contains the ' default ' keyring for Gnome with additional passwords , the keyring password can also be stored in the ' login ' keyring or just be empty
Credentials
Epiphany / Firefox
epiphany 's profile is in ~/.gnome2/epiphany/mozilla /epiphany /
firefox 's profile is in ~/.mozilla/firefox/<random >/
Master password ( default is empty ) encrypts key3.db
randomly generated triple - DES key in key3.db encrypts credentials in signons2.db
epiphany has no way to set a master password
Further information can be found at http://groups.google.com/group/netscape.public.mozilla.general/msg/7ad96c740c97f6da
http://groups.google.com/group/netscape.public.mozilla.crypto/msg/595619356d001a32
http://groups.google.com/group/netscape.public.mozilla.security/msg/a6d5d59dac4f4788
http://groups.google.com/group/netscape.public.mozilla.security/msg/d8b5fc4a5553de64
http://kb.mozillazine.org/Signons2.txt
Pidgin
~/.purple/accounts.xml , cleartext password
bug report over gnome keyring integration : http://developer.pidgin.im/ticket/673
There is a pidgin - gnome - keyring .
patch in the openSUSE package : http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/GNOME:/STABLE/openSUSE_10.3/src/pidgin-2.1.1-34.2.src.rpm
Gnome keyring
AES encrypt / decrypt , MD hash , and SHA - 256 encryption
Several different keyrings , one default keyring determined by ~/.gnome2/ keyrings / default
Gnome keyring on a removable disk : http://live.gnome.org/GnomeKeyring/Removable
' login ' keyring is unlocked by libpam - gnome - keyring on login , but this keyring can not be on a removable medium because it is mounted by gnome - volume - manager which is not active yet .
Other keyrings may have their unlock passwords stored in the ' login ' keyring , and are then automatically unlocked when necessary : http://live.gnome.org/GnomeKeyring/Pam
if an application tries to store a password while the default keyring is inaccessible , ~/.gnom e2 / keyrings / default gets reset to an empty file , and the ' login ' keyring becomes the default keyring , in which all further keys are stored
SSH keys
stored in ~/.ssh /
PGP keys
stored in ~/.gnupg/{secring.gpg,pubring.gpg,trustdb.gpg}
This is from a mail from evan to scott :
The use case for this is obvious .
People have authentication information for a variety of systems : pam login credentials , ssh keys , pgp keys , firefox keyring , gnome keyring .
Managing these is a pain , so efforts have been made to centralize your credentials ( firefox , gnome ) , but using such systems means that if your computer is compromised , so is every system you have access to .
We recently saw this with a distro team member having to revoke his PGP key because his laptop was stolen .
Your passwords and keys should be on a separate physical device , ideally a USB key .
While using a smart card ( which is the approach that Fedora seems to be taking : google for fudcon - buston - 2007 - single - sign - on.ogg ) would be best , they are not easy to come by .
The USB key should store information for a single user .
This should include , but does not have to be limited to , their PAM credentials , ssh keys , firefox keyring , gnome keyring , kerberos tickets , and pgp keys .
There will be a GUI to provision new USB keys , and will be added as an option in the right click menu of the fast - user - switching - applet or as a modified version of " user settings " .
Inserting the USB key and then typing the username in any PAM mechanism , such as GDM , logs the user in without requiring their password .
This can already be done easily , but if we want to extend it further , since we want to use one USB key per user ( see above ) , perhaps we can modify PAM or GDM to grab the username from the USB key , so inserting the key alone would log the user in .
This would look fantastic .
Pulling out the USB key logs the user out .
This has the side benefit of not confusing any application that does n't have its keyring in memory .
The USB key should be mounted using sync or flush to prevent corruption .
To prevent the USB key from being easily compromised if it is stolen , the filesystem on the USB key will be encrypted using a private key .
The key passphrase will be stored on any computer it 's paired with ( I guess kind of like bluetooth ) .
Inserting the USB key into a computer that has n't been previously paired with the key , when setting up the key as a new user on the system , will require the user enter the paassphrase for the key .
Ideally the key should be backed up in case the key is destroyed , stolen , or the flash dies , but I can not think of a way to do this easily and securely .
My current thoughts are to use a combination of unionfs and some sort of crazy encrypted loopback disk , but I am open to better ideas .
* * Probably the best way of backing up the key would be simply to have two USB keys , with the option in Password Manager to duplicate the key when a new blank USB disk is inserted .
That way one copy could be kept in a secure location , for example in a safe or lockbox .
If both keys are inserted at the same time , the system would recognise that two copies of the same key have been inserted and silently sync or update the older copy .
This model of North Atlantic currents has been called into question by new data from Duke University and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution .
Image : Archana Gowda , Duke
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The familiar model of Atlantic ocean currents that shows a discrete " conveyor belt " of deep , cold water flowing southward from the Labrador Sea is probably all wet .
New research led by Duke University and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution relied on an armada of sophisticated floats to show that much of this water , originating in the sea between Newfoundland and Greenland , is diverted generally eastward by the time it flows as far south as Massachusetts .
From there it disburses to the depths in complex ways that are difficult to follow .
A 50 - year - old model of ocean currents had shown this southbound subsurface flow of cold water forming a continuous loop with the familiar northbound flow of warm water on the surface , called the Gulf Stream .
" Everybody always thought this deep flow operated like a conveyor belt , but what we are saying is that concept does n't hold anymore , " said Duke oceanographer Susan Lozier .
" So it 's going to be more difficult to measure these climate change signals in the deep ocean . "
And since cold Labrador seawater is thought to influence and perhaps moderate human - caused climate change , this finding may affect the work of global warming forecasters .
" To learn more about how the cold deep waters spread , we will need to make more measurements in the deep ocean interior , not just close to the coast where we previously thought the cold water was confined , " said Woods Hole 's Amy Bower .
Lozier , a professor of physical oceanography at Duke 's Nicholas School of the Environment and Bower , a senior scientist in the department of physical oceanography at the Woods Hole Institution , are co-principal authors of a report on the findings to be published in the May 14 issue of the research journal Nature .
Their research was supported by the National Science Foundation .
Climatologists pay attention to the Labrador Sea because it is one of the starting points of a global circulation pattern that transports cold northern water south to make the tropics a little cooler and then returns warm water at the surface , via the Gulf Stream , to moderate temperatures of northern Europe .
Since forecasters say effects of global warming are magnified at higher latitudes , that makes the Labrador Sea an added focus of attention .
Surface waters there absorb heat - trapping carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
And a substantial amount of that CO 2 then gets pulled underwater where it is no longer available to warm Earth 's climate .
" We know that a good fraction of the human caused carbon dioxide released since the Industrial revolution is now in the deep North Atlantic " Lozier said .
And going along for the ride are also climate - caused water temperature variations originating in the same Labrador Sea location .
The question is how do these climate change signals get spread further south ?
Oceanographers long thought all this Labrador seawater moved south along what is called the Deep Western Boundary Current ( DWBC ) , which hugs the eastern North American continental shelf all the way to near Florida and then continues further south .
But studies in the 1990s using submersible floats that followed underwater currents " showed little evidence of southbound export of Labrador sea water within the Deep Western Boundary Current ( DWBC ) , " said the new Nature report .
Scientists challenged those earlier studies , however , in part because the floats had to return to the surface to report their positions and observations to satellite receivers .
That meant the floats ' data could have been " biased by upper ocean currents when they periodically ascended , " the report added .
To address those criticisms , Lozier and Bower launched 76 special Range and Fixing of Sound floats into the current south of the Labrador Sea between 2003 and 2006 .
Those " RAFOS " floats could stay submerged at 700 or 1,500 meters depth and still communicate their data for a range of about 1,000 kilometers using a network of special low frequency and amplitude seismic signals .
But only 8 percent of the RAFOS floats ' followed the conveyor belt of the Deep Western Boundary Current , according to the Nature report .
About 75 percent of them " escaped " that coast - hugging deep underwater pathway and instead drifted into the open ocean by the time they rounded the southern tail of the Grand Banks .
Eight percent " is a remarkably low number in light of the expectation that the DWBC is the dominant pathway for Labrador Sea Water , " the researchers wrote .
Studies led by Lozier and other researchers had previously suggested cold northern waters might follow such " interior pathways " rather than the conveyor belt in route to subtropical regions of the North Atlantic .
But " these float tracks offer the first evidence of the dominance of this pathway compared to the DWBC . "
Since the RAFOS float paths could only be tracked for two years , Lozier , her graduate student Stefan Gary , and German oceanographer Claus Boning also used a modeling program to simulate the launch and dispersal of more than 7,000 virtual " efloats " from the same starting point .
" That way we could send out many more floats than we can in real life , for a longer period of time , " Lozier said .
Subjecting those efloats to the same underwater dynamics as the real ones , the researchers then traced where they moved .
" The spread of the model and the RAFOS float trajectories after two years is very similar , " they reported .
" The new float observations and simulated float trajectories provide evidence that the southward interior pathway is more important for the transport of Labrador Sea Water through the subtropics than the DWBC , contrary to previous thinking , " their report concluded .
" That means it is going to be more difficult to measure climate signals in the deep ocean , " Lozier said .
" We thought we could just measure them in the Deep Western Boundary Current , but we really can't . "
Source : Duke University ( news : web )
Explore further Thousands of barges could save Europe from deep freeze
Some of the thousands killed or arrested in the aftermath of Iran 's disputed 2009 presidential election
Brígido de Jesús González lived in Queens , N.Y. , for the past 20 years , working as a landscaper to support his wife and kids back in El Salvador .
But with the recession clobbering his business , the illegal immigrant decided to pack up and return to his native country -- for good .
" I was thinking [ of opening ] a mechanic 's shop for cars , or maybe a gas place , where my neighbors can come and fill up their propane tanks , " says Mr. González , 50 .
The new businesses could be a good way to help his two sons , who now live in New York , if things get worse north of the border .
" I can give them jobs if they want to come home , " he says .
The developed world , which for decades has offered a difficult but promising path to upward mobility , appears to be losing its allure .
Unemployment is rising , and backlashes against foreign workers are mounting .
The result is potentially the biggest turnaround in migration flows since the Great Depression , economists say .
On the Move Going Home :
See more on global migration shifts
Full migration numbers for most countries are only available after a long lag , and so do n't yet capture all the effects of today 's economic crisis .
But anecdotal reports and data from government ministries and outside organizations indicate that the flow of immigrants from poor to wealthier countries is slowing significantly for the first time in decades while more people are returning home .
Among the returnees : road builders from Bangladesh , domestic servants from the Philippines , factory workers from Indonesia and Vietnam , construction workers from Mexico , as well as bankers , lawyers and real - estate professionals from around the world who were working in Singapore and Dubai .
Emigration from Mexico to the U.S. dropped 13 % in the first quarter of this year compared to the same period last year , with more Mexicans leaving the U.S. than coming in .
Indonesian authorities expect 60,000 or more citizens to be sent home from Malaysia , South Korea and other wealthy neighbors this year , as immigrant workers lose their jobs .
Tens of thousands of Indians are washing their hands of Dubai as jobs there dry up and work permits expire .
And in the U.K. , the number of registered workers coming from new European Union member nations like Poland and the Czech Republic dropped 55 % in the first quarter of 2009 compared to the same quarter a year earlier .
A growing number of migrants are returning home to places as diverse as Nepal and Tajikistan , while many are deciding not to emigrate to begin with , says Dilip Ratha , an economist and migration expert at the World Bank in Washington , D.C. , citing reports from ministries and embassies .
Mr. Ratha calls this reverse migration " very new " and " unprecedented . "
Drop in Remittances
Such migratory shifts could have profound consequences for developed nations , especially in places where domestic populations are n't growing fast enough to fill jobs or pay for social needs .
High - skill immigrants are an important source of tax revenue in some cities , and their kids fill the classrooms of universities and private schools .
In the developing world , remittances sent home by migrant workers are also slowing , meaning less income -- and potentially , less growth .
Some analysts question whether the latest migration reversal will outlast the current recession , or turn out to be as big as migration experts predict .
Many immigrants have worked hard to establish themselves in their adopted countries and will be unwilling to leave , even if jobs disappear .
Others say the trend could be more long - lasting , especially if returning workers help give developing economies a boost or if rich - world economies take many years to recover .
Bangladeshi Mohammed Sohid at the Dhaka airport after returning home from Dubai , where he lost his job .
AFP / Getty Images
Workers like Mr. González are going home voluntarily , betting that for all the problems back home , their native countries offer better options than the U.S. and Europe .
Many developed economies are contracting , but some developing - world countries including China and India are still growing .
In the past , " when you came to the United States , you came on a one - way ticket on the Mayflower or Air India , " says Vivek Wadhwa , a senior research associate at Harvard who recently completed a study on migration trends .
" But now , there are many lands of opportunity . "
Mr. Wadhwa himself emigrated to the U.S. from Australia in 1980 , working at Xerox Corp. , then First Boston , before becoming an academic .
" In other words , I have been one of the people I am now researching , " he says .
His study found that among Chinese nationals who emigrated to the U.S. and later returned home , 72 % said they thought professional opportunities were better in their own country .
Among Indians who returned home , 56 % said so .
Mr. Wadhwa estimates that as many as 200,000 skilled workers from India and China will go home over the next five years , compared to roughly 100,000 over the past 20 years .
Kong Weipeng is one example .
A native of Shandong province in eastern China , Mr. Kong followed a well - worn path of dreams to the U.S. after graduating from Beijing University in 1997 .
He got an advanced degree in financial studies at Pennsylvania State University and landed a job as a trader at Bear Stearns in 2004 .
When J.P. Morgan assumed control of Bear Stearns last year , he says he had the option of staying , but decided to go back home .
" I think the capital market in China is just rising , " says Mr. Kong , 33 , who found a job at an investment fund in China and left New York last fall .
" It 's hard for Chinese to fit in to the local community entirely " in the U.S. , he says , and besides , " my parents are still in China . "
Economists generally believe the biggest surge in world migration came in the late 19th century , when millions of people fled Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to resettle in North America , Australia , South Africa and South America .
Thanks to advances in communications technology and the ease of international travel , a second and possibly much larger wave of migration began a hundred years later , around the time the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 .
Migration levels soared through the end of the 20th century and into the early years of this decade , as rapid economic growth led to rising demand for foreign workers .
The U.S. , U.K. and Canada once again became big receivers of foreigners , as did the U.A.E. and other newly wealthy countries .
The percentage of immigrants in America 's labor force rose to nearly 16 % in 2007 , from about 9 % in 1990 , according to Mr. Wadhwa .
Handling the Influx
Now , some of the world 's biggest magnets for foreign labor can no longer accommodate the influx .
The population of the United Arab Emirates and especially Dubai have swelled in recent years from the hundreds of thousands of Indian , Pakistani , Bangladeshi , Filipino , and Sri Lankan workers who came to build gleaming new skyscrapers and staff malls , as well as western professionals who moved there to work as lawyers and bankers .
But as growth in the U.A.E. slows and more migrants return home , economists expect the Emirates ' overall population will stay flat or decline this year after growing more than 6 % per year in 2007 and 2008 .
Singapore 's push to attract immigrants has had as much to do with a construction boom as with a bid to add vigor to a slow - growing population .
More than 75 % of Singapore 's population increase between 2003 and 2008 was attributable to foreigners , including many high - skilled workers attracted by the country 's booming economy and low taxes , according to Credit Suisse .
But with job opportunities dwindling , as many as 200,000 foreigners may leave Singapore this year and next , Credit Suisse said recently .
If that happens , it could have far - reaching implications for the local economy , including a drop in property prices .
Enrollment in local international schools has already started to dip , according to local media reports .
An official at Singapore 's Immigration and Checkpoints Authority had no comment .
In the U.A.E. , the country 's Minister of Labor said recently that he does n't think the country 's population will shrink this year .
The country issued 662,000 new labor visas from October 2008 to March 2009 , outpacing the 405,000 canceled cards for the period , he said .
In the U.S. , long a lure for Latin American immigrants , the number of undocumented workers from the region appears to have peaked , and may now be falling , according to a recent study by the Pew Hispanic Center .
The population of South Americans , for example , has declined by as much as 400,000 from a peak of about three million in 2006 , says Pew demographer Jeffrey Passel .
Much of the declines are among high - skilled workers from Colombia , where the security situation has improved , and Brazil , whose economy has seen huge growth in recent years .
" What we 're seeing is the normal outflow " of migrants leaving the U.S. to go back home , and " a huge drop - off in the inflow " coming into the U.S. , says Mr. Passel .
In the case of Mexico , Latin America 's largest supplier of new immigrants to the U.S. , data released this week by the Mexican government shows emigration to the U.S. dropped 13 % in the first quarter of 2009 .
In the same period , more people returned to Mexico than left Mexico for the U.S. , about 139,000 and 137,000 , respectively .
Incentives to go Home
The migratory shifts are likely to continue as governments increase visa restrictions or otherwise make it harder for immigrants to enter and stay .
Spain and Japan have offered cash incentives for immigrants to go home .
Australia recently announced that it intends to cut its intake of skilled migrants this year by 14 % .
Malaysia has frozen work permits for foreign workers in some sectors of the economy and is asking employers to lay off foreigners before they lay off native - born residents .
Abdul Rahman , a 28 - year - old migrant from Bangladesh in Malaysia , recently found himself out of work , out of money and doubtful that staying in a more - developed country will lead to financial security for him and his family back home .
After living in Malaysia for two years , he lost his job at an electronics factory months ago , and was sleeping under a bridge in downtown Kuala Lumpur .
He did n't even have money for a plane ticket home .
The shift in migration poses a new challenge to the promise of globalization .
Many economists and policymakers have long argued that widespread labor movement is a win - win because it boosts opportunities for people from poor countries while giving rich - world employers more options for labor , allowing them to increase efficiency and keep costs low .
That , in turn , can keep inflation in check and contribute to higher standards of living .
Many economists still believe that , but it 's becoming harder to make their case as unemployment surges , income gaps widen and home - grown workers increasingly view foreigners as competitors for scarce jobs .
Fewer migrants could indeed help ease competition for jobs and take pressure off social services in well - off countries .
But it will also create new challenges .
Many countries , including Mexico , the Philippines and Vietnam , rely heavily on money sent home from overseas workers .
Such remittances are expected to decline by up to 8 % this year , according to the World Bank , after rising to $ 305 billion in 2008 , more than double the level of 2002 .
Rich countries could feel a pinch , too .
Immigrants make up a significant portion of the home - buying market in communities from Sydney , Australia to Phoenix , Ariz .
The loss of foreign workers could lead to inflation when economies recover and some employers are forced to raise wages to attract native - born labor .
A diverse pool of immigrants can also add to countries ' vitality , bringing with them new ideas and innovation , says Mr. Wadhwa of Harvard .
According to his research , immigrant inventors contributed a quarter of global patent applications from the U.S. in 2006 , while 52 % of all Silicon Valley start - ups between 1995 and 2005 were started by immigrants .
Where is it Worse ?
The question for many immigrants now is " Do I want to spend the downturn here in the U.S. , or do I want to spend it back home where it 's worse , especially if it 's going to be hard to get back into the U.S. later ? " says Gregory Watson , a remittances specialist at the Multilateral Investment Fund of the Inter - American Development Bank in Washington , D.C. who is skeptical that large numbers will return home .
For now , Santiago , a 37 - year - old Mexican migrant who declined to give his last name , is placing his bets on his home country .
On a recent flight from the U.S. to Mexico City , Santiago wore a black leather jacket and cowboy boots , and described how he had crossed illegally into the U.S. four times since 2000 .
The most recent trip was in the fall of 2007 to get from Mexico City to his job as a truck washer in Tacoma , Wash .
Donning heavy coveralls , a face mask and thick gloves , Santiago would crawl inside the mixing drums of cement trucks and use an acid solution to scrub down the chambers that carry wet concrete to construction sites .
Overtime paid $ 16 an hour , and until recently he could rely on getting at least 32 hours of overtime weekly , pushing his take - home pay to close to $ 800 a week .
But the slowdown in local construction meant fewer concrete deliveries , and less demand for truck cleaners .
His employer cut overtime in January , causing him to reconsider his status in the U.S .
Santiago had already been sending excess cash home to support a business there , a small fumigation service he started with his brother in 1997 .
Fingering a roll of cash in his pocket he estimates is worth around $ 12,500 , he says he is now returning home himself , " with my capital . "
Write to Patrick Barta at patrick.barta@wsj.com and Joel Millman at joel.millman@wsj.com
Published online 7 May 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.454
News
Researchers pinpoint a brain area that controls the desire to move .
Scientists have found a way to investigate our intentions .
Getty
We control our actions by generating desires and plans .
But the process of generating these intentions , known as volition , has been hard to study .
Michel Desmurget , a neuropsychologist at the University of Lyon in France , and his colleagues have found a way around the problem by designing an experiment that probes the neural circuits involved in volition in the brains of fully conscious people .
They stimulated different parts of the brain to artificially generate a conscious experience of intending , or wanting , to make an action .
The researchers showed that this intention is processed in a different part of the brain , the parietal cortex , to the one involved in triggering the actual physical movement , the premotor cortex .
The results are published in Science1 today .
Stanislas Dehaene , a consciousness researcher at the Collège de France in Paris , says the paper " fills an important gap " in our knowledge of " how we become aware of our actions " .
External signals
Neuroscientists had suspected the involvement of the parietal cortex in forming intentions from earlier experiments , for example recording brain activity indirectly from outside the skull while subjects were told to generate an intention to move .
But there was a confounding factor .
Movement in response to an external signal , rather than in response to a thought , involves quite different neural circuitry .
" Yet when we instruct our subjects to generate internally an intention to move — that in itself could in fact be an external signal , " says Patrick Haggard , a cognitive neuroscientist at University College London .
The researchers bypassed the problem by taking direct control of the experimental conditions .
They carried out tests on the brains of seven patients who were undergoing surgery to remove tumours , and who had volunteered to take part in the experiment .
They electrically stimulated at different sites in the brain while simultaneously measuring electrical activity in 12 muscles in the face , hand , wrist , elbow , knee and foot using an electromyograph .
The patients were asked to report when they felt an ' urge ' to move , and when they thought they had moved .
Illusion of movement
When the researchers directly stimulated one part of the parietal cortex , patients reported feeling that they would like to move , although they did not do so .
When the same area was re-stimulated at a higher intensity , they had the feeling they had already moved — even though they still had not .
One , for example , when stimulated at lower intensity , said , " I felt a desire to lick my lips " and when stimulated at a higher intensity , said , " I moved my mouth , I talked , what did I say ? " .
But patients whose premotor cortex was directly stimulated did move , and sometimes the movements were very large .
However , they were unaware that they had done so and were unaware that they had generated any intention to move .
This approach " provides an exciting way to study an experience that comes so close to what it means to be a human being " , says Haggard .
ADVERTISEMENT
Desmurget thinks that the illusion of having made a movement at higher stimulation intensities may result from wider circuitry in the parietal cortex being drawn in as current increases — areas that simulate in real time how the movement should unfold if the original intention were actually carried out .
Normally such computation would be validated by feedback from the premotor cortex which provides information from the body to determine if the hoped for movement has actually happened .
" But in the experiment , the parietal cortex is stimulated in isolation — the brain is not getting any error signal , and is relying on the out - dated parietal simulation . "
Dehaene says that it is " striking " that the experiment is founded on introspective methods in which what people say about their experiences is treated as data .
He thinks that " neuroscience needs to return to a quantified form of introspection in order to make progress on the front of consciousness " .
Health , life insurers hold billions in tobacco stocks : NEJM article
Harvard researchers say insurers put profits over health
Embargoed until :
June 3 , 2009
5 p.m. EDT
Contacts :
J. Wesley Boyd , M.D. , Ph.D. , ( 781 ) 449-1995 , cell : ( 617 ) 833-1840 , jwboyd@cha.harvard.edu
David Himmelstein , M.D. , ( 617 ) 665-1032 , cell : ( 617 ) 312-0970 , david_himmelstein@hms.harvard.edu
Steffie Woolhandler , M.D. , M.P.H. , ( 617 ) 497-1268 , cell : ( 617 ) 312-2766 , steffie_woolhandler@hms.harvard.edu
Mark Almberg , ( 312 ) 782-6006 , cell : ( 312 ) 622-0996 , mark@pnhp.org
More than a decade after Harvard researchers first revealed that life and health insurance companies were major investors in tobacco stocks - prompting calls upon them to divest - the insurance industry has yet to kick the habit , they say .
A new article on insurance company holdings , published in today ’s New England Journal of Medicine , shows that U.S. , Canadian and U.K. - based insurance firms hold at least $ 4.4 billion of investments in companies whose subsidiaries manufacture cigarettes , cigars , chewing tobacco and related products .
Tobacco products currently contribute to the deaths of 5.4 million people worldwide annually , according to the World Health Organization .
Tobacco use is a major risk factor for stroke , heart attack , lung disease and cancer .
“ Despite calls upon the insurance industry to get out of the tobacco business by physicians and others , insurers continue to put their profits above people ’s health , ” said Dr. J. Wesley Boyd , the lead author of the article .
“ It ’s clear their top priority is making money , not safeguarding people ’s well - being . ”
To illustrate their point , Boyd and his colleagues point to Newark , N.J. - based Prudential Financial Inc. , which sells life insurance and long - term disability coverage .
With total tobacco holdings of $ 264.3 million , Prudential Financial is a major investor in three tobacco firms , including Reynolds American , whose subsidiary R.J. Reynolds manufactures Camel and Pall Mall cigarettes , and Philip Morris , maker of the popular Marlboro brand .
Sun Life Financial Inc. , based in Toronto , sells life , health , disability and long - term care insurance .
It also owns slightly over $ 1 billion in stock in two tobacco companies , including $ 890 million in Philip Morris .
London - based Prudential Plc , which offers health , disability , and long - term care insurance , has holdings of $ 1.38 billion in two tobacco companies , including British American Tobacco , which markets Kent and Lucky Strike cigarettes .
The researchers also itemize the substantial tobacco holdings of Northwestern Mutual of Milwaukee and Massachusetts Mutual Life of Springfield , Mass. , along with those of Standard Life Plc , a health and life insurer based in Edinburgh , Scotland .
( See table ; all data current as of March 26 . )
Boyd and his co-authors , Drs. David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler at the Cambridge Health Alliance and Harvard Medical School , culled their data from Osiris , a proprietary database of industrial , banking and insurance companies .
Osiris draws upon Securities and Exchange Commission filings and news reports from providers like Dow Jones and Reuters .
“ Although investing in tobacco while selling life or health insurance may seem self - defeating , ” the authors write , “ insurance firms have figured out ways to profit from both .
Insurers exclude smokers from coverage or , more commonly , charge them higher premiums .
Insurers profit - and smokers lose - twice over . ”
The same researchers , all of whom are affiliated with Physicians for a National Health Program , first published data about the “ tobacco - insurance company connection ” in 1995 in the medical journal Lancet .
They say that because private , for - profit insurers have repeatedly put their own financial gain over the public ’s health , readers in the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom should be wary about insurance firms ’ participation in care .
They add , “ These data raise a red flag about the prospects of opening up vast new markets for private insurers at public expense , as has happened in our state of Massachusetts , whose recent health care reform is often cited as a model for national reform . ”
Insurance Company Reynolds American Imperial Tobacco British American Tobacco Lorillard Philip Morris Total
In millions of dollars Prudential PLC 513.2 871.4 1,384.6 Prudential Financial 69.4 8.8 186.1 264.3 Mass Mutual 17.3 155.4 412.6 585.3 New York Life 13.0 0 13.0 Northwestern Mutual 22.8 10.8 202.2 235.8 Standard Life 307.0 641.2 948.2 Sun Life 125.7 889.9 1,015.6 Total 122.5 820.2 1,512.6 300.7 1,690.8 4,446.8
Download table : http://pnhp.org/tobacco/Insurance-Company-Tobacco-Investments.doc
********
Copies of the study are available at http://pnhp.org/tobacco/tobacco_article.pdf
“ Insurance industry investments in tobacco , ” J. Wesley Boyd , M.D. , Ph.D. ; David U. Himmelstein , M.D ; Steffie Woolhandler , M.D. , M.P.H. New England Journal of Medicine , June 4 , 2009 .
Physicians for a National Health Program ( www.pnhp.org), a membership organization of over 16,000 physicians , supports a single - payer national health insurance program .
To contact a physician - spokesperson in your area , visit www.pnhp.org/stateactions or call ( 312 ) 782-6006 .
Takings and customers have slumped at the state 's licensed brothels , the only businesses in America lobbying to pay more tax , writes Andrew Clark
Nobody in the business world has emerged unscathed from the financial carnage wreaked by the global recession .
That includes those who ply their trade entirely legally - in the world 's oldest profession .
Nevada is famous for its licensed brothels , which originally catered for miners and cowboys working in the sun-scorched desert .
Now a lure for lascivious tourists , they have suffered a plunge in earnings as men become parsimonious about their spending on sex .
In good years , Nevada 's 25 or so bordellos pulled in as much as $ 50 m ( £ 30 m ) in revenue .
But George Flint , director of the Nevada Brothel Owners ' Association , says takings at the state 's worst - hit establishments have slumped by 60 % to 70 % , and even the most robust have suffered to the tune of at least 20 % .
" It 's been a negative effect , " he says .
" More so than anything that 's had an impact on the industry in the half century that I 've been around . "
The downturn , says Flint , has drawn more women into both legal and illegal prostitution , but customers are scarce and prices , typically $ 75 to $ 250 for a quick " date " , are under pressure : " More women are reaching out to work in the industry .
The biggest visible effect is that a lot of women are working for about half what they were a few years ago . "
Nevada has tolerated brothels since the 19th century and the Silver State is alone in the US in permitting the licensing and regulation of " ranches " where women offer sex for money .
With names such as Chicken Ranch , Moonlight Bunny and Cherry Patch , the bordellos are a subject of bitter contention .
Critics argue that they legitimise exploitation and abuse , providing dubious working conditions and spawning a vast knock - on industry of illegal street prostitution .
The recession has come at a tricky time .
Bordellos were already facing competition from a whole new digital avenue as free listings websites such as Craigslist made sex available at the touch of a mouse .
Brothels are not permitted in the county around Las Vegas , which is by far Nevada 's biggest city , but an hour 's drive into the desert is sufficient to cross the county line .
At establishments within 90 minutes ' drive of so - called Sin City , as many as 70 % of customers are tourists , of whom about a quarter tend to be foreign .
But Vegas is suffering - visitor numbers have fallen as penny - pinching gamblers stay away .
Given the long drive involved in reaching brothels , high petrol prices have hardly helped .
One establishment , the Shady Lady Ranch , has been offering $ 50 fuel vouchers to anybody spending more than $ 300 .
Sheri's Ranch sits beneath a spectacular view of the snow - topped peak of Mount Charleston , in the cotton farming town of Pahrump , near the California border .
On a 20 - acre site , Sheri 's boasts tennis courts , a hotel and spa , a sports bar and a rose garden .
It is owned by Resort Entertainment , which also operates two lapdancing clubs in Las Vegas .
Its chief operating officer , Jonathan Klempa , readily admits that the downturn is hurting .
He says men who arrive at Sheri's are still willing to pay the same , but footfall is slower : " Our customer quality is about the same , there are just fewer of them . "
Staff at Sheri 's repeatedly emphasise that the place is like any business .
Gloria Mandarino , the ranch 's back - of - house manager , used to work at the internet advertising firm Razorfish .
She says : " You soon learn this is a company like any other .
It 's got accounts payable , receivables , the whole lot . "
Along a corridor behind the dimly lit bar are rooms where women " entertain " clients .
One is set out for a formal meal , with shrimp alfredo on the menu .
Another contains a whirlpool bath and a large bin of beer cans , while a third contains sadomasochistic equipment , including chains on the wall and a cage .
Big spenders can rent a cottage adorned in elaborate Arabian Nights - style décor for a full night 's stay with a prostitute costing a minimum of $ 3,000 .
Mandarino says some clients say they are lonely after a divorce , but adds : " You never know if what you 're hearing is a true story .
It 's like a fantasy land . "
Women who work in Nevada brothels are regarded as independent contractors who typically stay for a few weeks or months at a time .
But while in situ they are not allowed to leave the premises and have to be ready to parade in a " line - up " within three minutes if a client arrives .
At Sheri's , the property is adorned with red lights and a Tannoy system to call women to attend .
If they are late , they can be fined .
The downturn afflicting Nevada 's legal bordellos leaves one tenacious critic of prostitution with mixed feelings .
Melissa Farley , a long - time activist who has studied Nevada 's brothels in detail , says that women who end up working in such establishments are already victims of economic woe .
" I 'm glad to see the pimps in trouble , But I 'm not happy to see any shred of additional economic stress on women who work in prostitution , " she says .
Farley 's research found that many of the women working in Nevada brothels had experienced homelessness or been abused as children .
She points out that Nevada has one of the highest rates of sexual violence in the US , with 42 rapes per 100,000 of population in 2007 compared with a US - wide average of 30 , and suggests that the tide of public opinion is turning .
" The economic struggles of legal pimps have to do with the recession , but I also think this has to do with increased awareness of links between prostitution and trafficking , " she says .
" The glow is coming off Las Vegas as a kind of sexual Disneyland . "
In an effort to shore up their legitimacy , Nevada 's bordellos are virtually unique in the US business world in lobbying for greater taxation , believing they would be harder to outlaw if they made a useful contribution to the public purse .
The industry enthusiastically supported a proposal in Nevada 's legislature for a $ 5 levy on each sexual transaction to help fill up a $ 3bn budgetary deficit .
Narrowly rejected in a senate committee , the levy would have been the first value - added tax on sex - brothels presently only pay an annual licensing fee and payroll tax .
Bob Coffin , the Democratic senator in Nevada 's legislature who proposed the measure , maintains that abolition would be pointless : " You might as well ban the south wind as pretend that at the stroke of a pen you could ban prostitution . "
For some Nevada residents , brothels are simply a part of wild west life in a state still dominated by vast areas of wilderness .
But others , including some of the thousands drawn to jobs in Las Vegas from distant states , resent the sleazy association of Nevada with sex .
Critics , claim Coffin , are misguided .
The puritans , he says , forget that Las Vegas 's economy relies on another kind of vice : " To many people , it 's just a rotten borough anyway .
Gambling in many states is looked upon as pretty evil , yet we tolerate it .
I do n't think brothels damage the image of Las Vegas at all . "
LA Times
While the Lakers have dedicated this postseason to the late legend , many think of him daily for other reasons , particularly when they put on a pair of his Nike shoes .
The outpouring of Western anger and shock earlier this month over a new Afghan law that legalizes marital rape and confines women to their homes demonstrates how out of touch Western countries are with the monster they have created in that benighted country .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Of course Hamid Karzai would support such a law .
He wants to be re-elected president in August and to do so he must support his base : Islamic fundamentalists .
Both sides of the conflict are fundamentalist Islamic .
There is nothing else .
Indeed , while outrage caused Karzai to say he'd withdraw the law , many doubt he 'll follow through .
Virtually everything that now plagues Afghanistan is " blowback " -- the CIA term for unintended consequences of previous policies -- from the U.S. - sponsored war against the Soviets in the 1990s .
So far , there 's no sign the Obama administration , or Stephen Harper 's , gets that .
Just yesterday , U.S. Central Command leader Gen. David Petraeus warned of " tough months ahead " as the U.S. ramps up its fight in Afghanistan , explaining ( as if bad luck out of the blue ) that the resurging Taliban insurgency is fueled by profits from the global illegal narcotics trade .
The supposed bulwark against them ?
A Karzai government that is corrupt because it could not possibly have been anything else .
Karzai , after all , was handpicked by the U.S. to give a democratic sheen to their occupation , then assisted in his effort to get elected president .
But now that the U.S. has given up completely on creating a Western - style democracy , Karzai has become the problem , not the solution .
It 's hard to get a reliable puppet these days .
Once you put one in place , he wants to stay .
The hell that ideology built
The neo -con geniuses behind the invasion of Afghanistan were strong on ideology but utterly ignorant when it came to history and Afghan political culture .
They really thought it would be easy and that 's why Karzai seemed a good bet .
A former consultant for U.S. oil giant Unocal , Karzai was part of the late 1990s negotiations between the Taliban and Unocal for a gas pipeline through Afghanistan to Pakistan and India .
The U.S. was negotiating with the Taliban until four months before 9 - 11 .
They thought a quick victory would put the pipeline back on the agenda .
Karzai , however , had literally no political base amongst the competing tribes in the country .
And it is the tribes that fill the " civil society ' ' vacuum in Afghanistan .
His support was American money and military force , and Afghan opium producers .
Now that the Americans want him out , political support comes almost exclusively from the warlords and opium producers .
But the root of corruption in Afghanistan is not Hamid Karzai .
It is the determination of the U.S. to ensure that no future elected government will take democratic governance seriously .
While fighting their so - called '' war on terror ' ' and its Islamic fundamentalist ideology , the Americans are even more determined to stop the establishment of a government that would stand for the national interests of the country .
That sort of government was entrenched in the articles of the secular constitution established in 1964 .
But the U.S. changed that constitution soon after the invasion , and it now states that Islam is supreme : no laws can violate " the sacred religion of Islam . "
The new Political Parties Law also states that parties cannot pursue policies that are " contrary to Islam , " which meant that many secular parties were effectively excluded from the 2005 parliamentary elections .
The results were predictable : 133 of the 249 members elected to the House of the People had fought in the vicious internecine Mujahideen war which virtually destroyed Kabul , and fostered the creation of the Taliban .
According to the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , " eighty per cent of winning candidates in the provinces and more than 60 per cent in ...
Kabul have links to armed groups . "
Anti-communist jihad
Of course it is also the case that the U.S. sponsored Mujahideen war against the Soviets eliminated thousands of former communist government officials .
Communist they may have been but they were also secularists and established a functioning national government with actual social programs , education budgets , human rights ( including women 's rights ) and health care , as well as a professional army .
Many of the secular figures involved ended up dead in the cold war fury unleashed by the U.S. through its proxy fanatics .
Civil society was effectively destroyed .
Any state that followed would , by definition , be radical Islamic .
Given the results of the 2005 election , the absence of any significant secular culture to draw on , and the need for some semblance of security , Karzai ended up appointing some of the most murderous warlords in the country to senior government posts .
One of them was the delightfully named " Butcher of the North , " Abdul Rashid Dostum , appointed to the post of army chief of staff .
To call this a government at all is misleading .
Daan Everts , the former NATO special representative in Afghanistan , believes that the U.S. consciously sabotaged genuinely democratic government .
The result , says Everts , " has been an extremely chaotic parliament .
There are 248 talking heads with very little discipline and little organized deliberations that are meant to produce legislation which the country so badly needs .
We deliberately did this . "
When you set up government to fail , you get corruption because government is then seen as simply a way of accumulating personal wealth and power .
The notion that 21,000 more U.S. troops , backed by social workers , community developers and police trainers , are going to change things is delusional .
Corruption and Islamic authoritarianism are now effectively enshrined in the constitution and the culture , courtesy of U.S. foreign policy .
Related
Tyee stories :
Afghanistan Transforms Canada
To play junior partner to empire , we 've militarized our identity .
To play junior partner to empire , we 've militarized our identity .
Afghanistan 's Coalition of the Killing
Group wants to topple Karzai , but has bloody hands .
A Tyee special report from Kabul .
Group wants to topple Karzai , but has bloody hands .
A Tyee special report from Kabul .
In Kabul , Obama Fans Ready to Party
First in a series of US '08 dispatches from around the world .
By ( Benin ) , ( Ivory Coast ) , ( Congo Brazzaville ) , ( France ) , and ( Congo Kinshasa ) , ( France ) , ( Mali ) , Belgium ) , ( Niger ) .
Translated by
July 20 , 2009 --
After the G8 summit in Italy , US President Barack Obama flew off to Africa with a so - called gift : an envelope of US $ 20 billion to distribute over three years , so that “ generous ” donors in the rich countries could “ help ” reduce world hunger .
While the promise to eradicate hunger has been made on a regular basis since 1970 , the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) published a report last month indicating that the number of undernourished people has passed the 1 billion point , that is 100 million more than the year before .
At the same time , the United Nations World Food Program ( WFP ) sounded the alarm bell and announced that it had to cut rations distributed in Rwanda , Uganda , Ethiopia , North Korea and Kenya ( Obama ’s paternal family ’s home country ) , principally due to the reduction in contributions from the US , its main donor .
Beyond the effect of President Obama ’s announcement , the latest in a long list of good intentions that have done nothing to improve the current situation , it is worth recalling that the $ 20 billion aid figure over three years amounts to less than 2 % of the sum the US spent in 2008 - 2009 to save the bankers and insurers responsible for the crisis .
After extending a hand to the “ Muslim friends ” in his Cairo speech ( while continuing to destabilise the Middle East region behind the scenes ) , after a hand held out to the “ Russian friends ” ( while maintaining his stance on building the Eastern European anti-missile shield ) , now Obama is extending a hand to the “ African friends ” ( while keeping his neo - colonial cap firmly atop his head ) .
When Obama lets the rich countries off the hook
Obama ’s long address in Accra , Ghana , follows up on a series of meetings with his counterparts abroad .
Under the pretext of setting new bases for US relations with the rest of the world , once again Obama has excelled in the art of advocating openness and change , while continuing to implement his forerunners ’ disastrous policies .
From the outset , he stated that it was “ up to Africans to determine Africa ’s future ” .
And yet , while everyone can agree with this statement , which makes perfect sense on the face of it , in reality this is not always put into practice , and the G8 countries over the past half - century have played a key role in depriving African peoples of their sovereignty .
Obama does n’t fail to remind us “ I have the blood of Africa within me ” , as if this automatically provided more strength and legitimacy to his message .
In any case , the message was clearly conveyed : the colonialism their ancestors were victims of should no longer provide excuses for Africans .
This is very similar to the speech France ’s President Nicolas Sarkozy pronounced in Dakar a few months after his election .
But Sarkozy ’s speech sparked a wave of well - deserved protest , and so far Obama has miraculously averted such a response …
But now we will do what it takes to end this injustice !
Straight off , Obama let the Western world off the hook for the current state of the African continent ’s development .
Declaring , “ development depends upon good governance ” and “ that is a responsibility that can only be met by Africans ” , he started out from the false observation that the poverty plaguing Africa is primarily due to poor governance or the free choices of African leaders .
In short , it is Africans ’ fault .
Nothing could be farther from the truth !
With affirmations such as “ the West is not responsible for the destruction of the Zimbabwean economy over the last decade , or wars in which children are enlisted as combatants ” , President Obama is downplaying the rich countries ’ central role in the course Africa has taken .
And in particular the role of the major international financial institutions , starting from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , which are powerful instruments of the great powers ’ domination organising the subjection of the peoples of the global South .
This is done via structural adjustment policies ( end to subsidies for staple goods , drastic cuts in public spending , privatisation of public companies , market liberalisation , etc. ) that make it impossible to meet basic needs , spread deep poverty at breakneck speed , increase inequalities and make the worst horrors possible .
When Obama compares incomparable situations
To back up his statements , Obama compared Africa to South Korea .
First , he explained that 50 years ago , “ when my father travelled to the United States from Kenya to study , at that time the per capita income and Gross Domestic Product of Kenya was higher than South Korea 's ” , before he added : “ There had been some talk about the legacies of colonialism and other policies by wealthier nations , and without in any way diminishing that history , the point I made was that the South Korean government , working with the private sector and civil society , was able to create a set of institutions that provided transparency and accountability .
Regular and attentive readers of Committee for the Abolition of Third World Debt ( CADTM ) publications choked on that one !
This is because South Korea ’s supposed economic success came about despite the recommendations imposed by the World Bank on most other developing countries .
After the Second World War and up until 1961 , the military dictatorship in power in South Korea benefited from significant donations from the United States , totalling the sum of $ 3.1 billion .
This is more than all World Bank loans to the other Third World countries during the same period !
Thanks to these donations , South Korea did not have to go into debt for 17 years ( 1945 - 1961 ) .
External borrowing only became significant from the end of the 1970s , once South Korea ’s industrialisation was well under way .
So everything started out in South Korea through an iron - fisted dictatorship that implemented a statist and highly protectionist policy .
Washington set up this dictatorship in the wake of the Second World War .
The state imposed a radical agrarian reform under which big Japanese landowners were expropriated without compensation .
The peasants took ownership of small plots of land ( equivalent to up to three hectares per family ) and the state expropriated the surplus crops , formerly pocketed by Japanese landowners when Korea was a colony of Japan .
The land reform set stringent restrictions on the peasantry .
The state set prices and production quotas , not allowing for the free play of market forces .
From 1961 to 1979 , the World Bank backed South Korea ’s Park Chung Hee military dictatorship although South Korea refused to follow the World Bank ’s development model .
At the time , the state was planning the country ’s economic development with an iron fist .
Industrialisation by substitution for imports and the overexploitation of the working class were the two ingredients in the country ’s economic success .
The World Bank did back the Chun Doo Whan dictatorship ( 1980 - 1987 ) although the bank ’s recommendations were not always followed ( particularly in terms of restructuring the automotive sector ) .
Thus when Obama declared , “ the South Korean government , working with the private sector and civil society , was able to create a set of institutions that provided transparency and accountability ” he failed to mention that the private sector was clearly guided by the state and the Korean dictatorship “ dialogued ” with civil society by guns and cannons .
The history of South Korea from 1945 until the early 1980s was marked by massacres and brutal repression .
It is also important to refresh Barack Obama ’s memory as he refers to the Zimbabwean example to illustrate Africans ’ failure and comparing it to the South Korean model .
The year Zimbabwe achieved independence ( 1980 ) was marked by popular uprisings against the South Korean military dictatorship .
These were crushed in blood ; more than 500 civilians were killed by the military with Washington ’s backing .
At this time , and since 1945 , the South Korean armed forces were put under a joint US - South Korean command , itself under the control of the commander - in - chief of United States forces in South Korea .
The massacres perpetrated by the South Korean army in May 1980 were completed by a massive repression in the following months .
According to an official report dated February 9 , 1981 , over 57,000 people were arrested during the “ Social Purification Campaign ” underway since the summer of 1980 .
Almost 39,000 of these people were sent to military camps for “ physical and psychological re-education ” .
In February 1981 , South Korea ’s dictator Chun Doo Hwan was received at the White House by the new US president , Ronald Reagan .
Is this the example Obama wants to offer to the people of Zimbabwe and other African countries ?
South Korea ’s geostrategic position was one of its major assets until the end of the 1980s , enabling it to avert IMF and World Bank control .
But in the 1990s , the entire geopolitical situation was in disarray following the collapse of the Soviet bloc .
Washington ’s attitude towards allied dictatorships shifted gradually , to the support of civilian governments .
Between 1945 and 1992 , South Korea lived under a military regime with Washington ’s blessing .
The first civilian opponent elected to the presidency in an open election was Kim Youngsam , who accepted the Washington Consensus and implemented a clearly neoliberal agenda ( elimination of tariff barriers , multiple privatisations , liberalisation of capital movements ) , plunging South Korea into the 1997-1998 South - East Asian economic crisis .
In the meantime , South Korea was able to achieve an industrialisation the rich countries refused in Africa ’s case .
We can thereby understand to what extent the South Korean model is unconvincing and ca n’t be reproduced everywhere .
Moreover , South Korea ’s relative lack of natural resources paradoxically favoured its development because the country avoided transnational corporations ’ resource lust .
The United States viewed South Korea as a strategic zone from a military standpoint , facing the USSR bloc , not as a crucial source of supplies ( as were Nigeria , Angola and Congo - Kinshasa ) .
If South Korea had major reserves of oil or other strategic raw materials , Washington would not have allowed it the same elbow room to develop a powerful industrial complex .
The United States ruling class is not prepared to deliberately foster the emergence of powerful competitors with both major natural reserves and diversified industries .
When Obama pardons capitalism for its misdeeds
As for the current economic crisis , Obama spoke out against the irresponsible risk taking of a few , sparking a recession that has swept the world .
Thus , he conveys the impression that this crisis was caused by the irresponsibility of a handful of individuals whose excesses plunged the world into recession .
This analysis eclipses the responsibility of those who have imposed financial deregulation for almost 30 years , above all the United States .
It would be more precise to underline the productivist capitalist development model , painfully imposed by the countries of the global North , as the source of the many crises underway .
These are not merely economic crises , but also food , migratory , social , environmental and climate crises .
All these crises originate with decisions made by imperialist governments in the North , and above all the United States government which controls both the IMF and World Bank , so it can impose conditionalities favourable to its interests and those of its major firms .
Since the early 1960s , when most African countries achieved “ independence ” , the IMF and the World Bank have been a kind of Trojan horse to promote the appropriation of natural resources and defend creditors ’ interests .
By supporting dictatorships in many corners of the world ( Mobutu in Zaire , Suharto in Indonesia , Pinochet in Chile and so many others ) , then by forcing the implementation of harsh antisocial policies , successive Western governments have never allowed the guarantee of basic human rights throughout the world .
Expressions such as “ right to self - determination ” , “ democracy ” , “ economic and political rights ” are not realities in Africa , due to the crushing weight of debt repayments and contrary to the pleas of the starving .
When will African emancipation come ?
Africa was broken by the devastating slave trade system in the context of the triangular international trade established by Europe and its settlers in the Americas from the 17th to the 19th centuries .
Then it was held in trusteeship by European colonialism from the end of the 19th century until independence .
Thereafter , Africa has been held in dependency through the mechanism of the debt and public development aid .
After African countries achieved independence , they were handed over to potentates ( Mobutu in the Congo , Omar Bongo in Gabon , Etienne Eyadema in Togo , Amin Dada in Uganda … ) most of whom were protected by the former European colonisers and by Washington .
Several important African leaders who sought autonomous development that would promote their peoples were assassinated on the orders of Paris , Brussels , London or Washington ( Congo ’s Patrice Lumumba in 1961 , Togo ’s Sylvanus Olympio in 1963 , Burkina Faso ’s Thomas Sankara in 1987 … ) .
The African ruling classes and the political regimes they established have a very clear share in the responsibility for Africa ’s litany of misfortunes .
Robert Mugabe ’s regime in Zimbabwe is one of these .
Today , the peoples of Africa are directly affected by the effects of the world crisis whose epicentre is in Washington and Wall Street , revealing that capitalism is up against an impasse unacceptable for peoples .
Barack Obama ’s African origins are a godsend for businesses in his country defending very specific economic interests in the exploitation of Africa ’s resources .
This is a reality that Obama sweeps away with the back of his hand , as he continues a paternalistic and moralising path in order to convince Africans not to undertake the struggle for meaningful independence and real development , finally guaranteeing the full satisfaction of human needs .
Inspired by the behavior of the human eye , Boston College computer scientists have developed a technique that lets computers see objects as fleeting as a butterfly or tropical fish with nearly double the accuracy and 10 times the speed of earlier methods .
The linear solution to one of the most vexing challenges to advancing computer vision has direct applications in the fields of action and object recognition , surveillance , wide - base stereo microscopy and three - dimensional shape reconstruction , according to the researchers , who will report on their advance at the upcoming annual IEEE meeting on computer vision .
Inspired by the behavior of the human eye , Boston College computer scientists have developed a technique that lets computers see objects as fleeting as a butterfly or tropical fish with nearly double the accuracy and 10 times the speed of earlier methods .
BC computer scientists Hao Jiang and Stella X . Yu , who developed a novel solution of linear algorithms to streamline the computer 's work , will present the team 's findings at the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 2009 , which takes place June 20 - 25 in Miami .
Credit : Hao Jiang , Boston College
BC computer scientists Hao Jiang and Stella X .
Yu developed a novel solution of linear algorithms to streamline the computer 's work .
Previously , computer visualization relied on software that captured the live image then hunted through millions of possible object configurations to find a match .
Further compounding the challenge , even more images needed to be searched as objects moved , altering scale and orientation .
Rather than combing through the image bank - a time - and memory - consuming computing task - Jiang and Yu turned to the mechanics of the human eye to give computers better vision .
" When the human eye searches for an object it looks globally for the rough location , size and orientation of the object .
Then it zeros in on the details , " said Jiang , an assistant professor of computer science .
" Our method behaves in a similar fashion , using a linear approximation to explore the search space globally and quickly ; then it works to identify the moving object by frequently updating trust search regions . "
Trust search regions act as visual touchstones the computer returns to again and again .
Jiang and Yu's solution focuses on the mathematically - generated template of an image , which looks like a constellation when lines are drawn to connect the stars .
Using the researchers ' new algorithms , computer software identifies an object using the template of a trust search region .
The program then adjusts the trust search regions as the object moves and finds its mathematical matches , relaying that shifting image to a memory bank or a computer screen to record or display the object .
Jiang says using linear approximation in a sequence of trust regions enables the new program to maintain spatial consistency as an object moves and reduces the number of variables that need to be optimized from several million to just a few hundred .
That increased the speed of image matching 10 times over compared with previous methods , he said .
The researchers tested the software on a variety of images and videos - from a butterfly to a stuffed Teddy Bear - and report achieving a 95 percent detection rate at a fraction of the complexity .
Previous so - called " greedy " methods of search and match achieved a detection rate of approximately 50 percent , Jiang said .
Source : Boston College ( news : web )
Explore further Search technique for images recognises visual patterns
0 shares
VH1 ’s sex addict rehab spin-off of Celebrity Rehab is now filming , and at least one reported cast member is no stranger to the series .
Dr. Drew confirmed it ’s in production on Twitter , writing , “ I am working on an amazing new project that deals with sexual addictions .
Very moving and very intense . ”
Initial reports suggested the new show was a spin - off , and just a week ago , a casting notice was posted .
But Dr. Drew also wrote that he ’s “ In Production for a new season , and will be a little too busy to twitter .
But I will be back , and will read your tweets , ” which sounds kind of like this might just be the third season of Celebrity Rehab , one that ’s focused on sex addiction .
Those sex addicts in rehab for the new show include Amber Smith , who appeared in both Celebrity Rehab 2 and Sober House , is perhaps the most recognizable star .
The other five cast members TMZ identified are Nicole Narain , a former Playmate who was in the Colin Farrell sex tape ; Penny Flame , a porn star ; Kendra Jade , a porn star ; Kari Ann Peniche , who appeared in Playboy and lost her Miss United States Teen title as a result ; and Duncan Roy , an English writer and director .
FBI Director Robert Mueller in the East Room of the White House , May 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The FBI is working with other U.S. agencies to prevent wrongdoing related to government bailout money and the economic stimulus package , in what could be the “ next wave ” of financial fraud cases , Director Robert Mueller said on Tuesday .
Mueller said in a speech to the Economic Club of New York that the FBI , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the inspector general of the Troubled Asset Relief Program were working to track where federal money is going .
“ With billions of dollars at stake -- from the purchase of troubled assets to improvements in infrastructure , healthcare , energy and education -- even a small percentage of fraud would result in substantial taxpayer losses , ” Mueller said .
He also said the agency was shifting resources in New York , home of Wall Street and many financial institutions , to combat white - collar crime .
Mueller told the luncheon gathering that the agency had 1,300 securities fraud cases , including many Ponzi schemes .
The FBI is investigating more than 580 corporate fraud cases , he said .
The FBI has been bracing for a wave of fraud and corruption cases stemming from the government ’s multitrillion - dollar effort to stimulate the economy and help ailing banks .
Mueller said the FBI and other agencies wanted to be proactive in making sure that government funds will be used appropriately .
“ We must collect the intelligence necessary to target potential waste and abuse at all levels , and we must do so before it fully develops , ” he said .
“ To that end , we must be able to follow the money all the way down the line . ”
Bundestag , which is Germany ’s equivalent of Parliament , is under request from the country ’s 16 Interior Ministers to ban both the distribution and production of violent videogames .
And law stands to not only harm retailers and annoy gamers , but shut down German game developers as well .
Crytek is the most renowned developer residing in Germany , famous for their groundbreaking work on Crysis and their upcoming multiplatform title , Crysis 2 .
Should the law pass , Crytek would be forced to either completely outsource the development of Crysis 2 , or relocate , as would other developers who create violent videogames .
The Interior Ministers are working fast to get the law passed before the September 23rd elections , and we can only hope that they fail .
[ Source ]
Dead Rising : Chop Till You Drop , Capcom 's first attempt at remaking a HD game on the Wii , was butchered by the gaming press before it was even released .
To take a game that has already established a sizable fan - base amongst the " hardcore " market , strip it of its HD power and its most impressive trait ( in this case , zombie count ) , then throw it onto a console that 's well known for being popular with kids and old people , well , maybe it was n't such a smart thing to do .
In fact , the whole ordeal was akin to a old man sending his teenage daughter to a bachelor party after dressing her like a cheap hooker and giving her a boom box that 's tuned to a radio station that constantly plays Bel Biv DeVoe 's Do Me on a continuous loop .
It 's like Capcom actually tried to make sure that the game would get screwed .
The thing about Dead Rising : Chop Till You Drop that a lot of people missed was that it actually fixed many of the issues commonly expressed about the original game .
Take a look a Jim Sterling 's wish list for Dead Rising 2 , and you 'll see that half of the ideas he came up with were already implemented in Dead Rising : Chop Till You Drop , something Jim probably did n't know because like so many people , he would n't touch DR : CTYD with a ten foot pole .
Now Capcom is talking about making more PS3/360 ports , and Resident Evil 5 is the odds on favorite as their next pick .
There is a little more potential for commercial success this time around , as many " hardcore " gamers have bitched noted , RE5 is missing a lot of the things that make the RE games special .
If the right changes are made , Resident Evil 5 Wii Edition could actually be more appealing to hardcore fans of the series than the original .
It goes without saying that for that to happen , the game 's graphics and controls would have to be as good or better than those found in the +1 million selling Resident Evil 4 : Wii Edition , and a sizable amount of bonus content would need to thrown in as well .
More than all that , for RE5 : Wii to be a hit , it would actually have to be a better Resident Evil game than RE5:360 / PS3 already is .
Hit the jump for a few ideas as to how that could happen .
Warning : plenty of RE5 spoilers await , so do n't click that button if you are n't ready to hear all about RE5 from start to finish .
1 ) Dump Sheva-
Sheva was n't always a part of Resident Evil 5 .
It was right around the time that the whole racism uproar around the game came to fruition that Capcom tossed her into the mix , presumably to prove that the game was n't all about a white man shooting black people , while also giving the online co-op loving PS3 / 360 audience reason to buy the game .
The plan worked .
Resident Evil 5's mandatory co-op has been generally well embraced , and the game has became a huge financial success .
Still , many long time fans of the series have said that playing RE5 with a partner , either human or computer controlled , only works to detract from the sense of fear and isolation that the Resident Evil series is known for .
RE4 was already pushing it by pitting the gun-toting protagonist against small groups of peasants who 're armed with nothing more than shovels and pitchforks .
RE5 offers even more of an uneven slaughter , as the player is just as well armed , the peasants are just as shabbily equipped , and now he 's got a a sexy marksman girlfriend watching his back .
Worse still , she has the power to instantly healing him whenever he 's close to death by giving him a little rub and telling him not to be reckless .
There is absolutely nothing scary about having a sexy girlfriend babysitting you and encouraging you and rubbing while you blow away hordes of emaciated Africans and Saddam Hussein look - a- likes .
That 's why Sheva has to go .
How to do it -
Sheva could still show up in the game , maybe via some Hunnigan - style walkie - talkie communication , or a Separate Ways - style set of bonus missions , but that has to be the extent of it .
If she really needs to be there to give Chris someone to talk to and move the game 's rather piss - weak story along , there is no reason she can't do that over a cell phone or something .
Actually , it might be better if the game 's cut scenes were just cut out completely and replaced with some new stuff , as many of them are so mind - bogglingly silly that they barely serve a purpose in the first place .
With Sheva gone , something would need to be done about those times when you need a second player to flip a switch , do a puzzle , etc .
This only happens about ten or so times throughout the whole game , and it probably would n't be too much work to replace these bits with motion controlled puzzles or some other cop out .
Personally , I 'd rather they leave the two player puzzles in , but modify them so they actually make the game more tense and troubling .
One way to do that would be to replace Sheva with an expendable , unarmed NPC , if just for the duration of the puzzle .
There is a really cool part towards the beginning of RE5 where Chirs and and his escort come upon a defenseless blond woman , in full evening wear , who needs some serious rescuing .
She 's one of the few uninfected civilians that the pair encounter in the game , and her appearance works to both remind the player that they are playing a game that suppose to exist in the real world , and to give you a sense of purpose beyond defending yourself and your ( overly ) capable partner .
What if the game was filled with more characters like that ; characters who are half - crazed , shell shocked and brain addled from the experience of barely dodging infection from some disgusting disease that 's just turned everyone around them into super - strong , blood thirsty , vagina mouthed people ?
What if these were the citizens that had to flip the switches and open the doors for Chris , while they babble along about seeing their families transformed into monsters and all that traditional zombie movie jazz ?
Of course , you 'd have to defend the people from attacks
House of the Dead - style for the duration of your time together , only to inevitably watch them get horribly murdered and / or transformed into said blood - thirsty vagina mouthed people .
Not only would this serve to continually remind the player that they are fighting against things that used to be people , and in doing so make the game actually , you know , scary , but it would also work to give the entire game a greater sense of unpredictability and variety .
Adding vulnerable NPCs would make you feel like you were the one responsible for both your life , and the lives of others , and that all of your lives are important .
That 's something that 's sadly lacking from RE5 as it currently plays .
2 ) Make is darker -
No , I do n't mean " darker " like how certain people , like the types that are obsessed with making the Star Wars universe " darker " by filling its stories with evil protagonists who kill little kids and frown when they are happy and smile when they are mad .
I mean , actually make the game world darker , as in less well lit .
At one point , Capcom promised us that RE5's generally sunny world would serve a gameplay purpose ; that you 'd have to worry about being blinded by the light if you went outdoors too fast or other such nonsense .
That never happened , and therefore , there 's really no reason for the game to be so damn bright all the time .
Along with the previously mentioned blond moment , there is another really cool sequence near the start of RE5 where Chris and Sheva enter a small , underground mine .
Down there , you actually have to carry a light around in order to see where you 're going , and you have to drop it in order to pull your gun .
To make matters worse , a bunch of infected jerks are hanging out down there with you , and when they see you wandering around in the dark with your giant flashlight , they just assume that you 're someone they should murder .
This is pretty much the only part in the game that has some semblance of a genuinely spooky vibe .
The rest of the game is filled with bright , well lit areas that do nothing to make the player fear their surroundings .
The amount of missed opportunities to bring the flashlight back are frustratingly high .
Later on , there is even a huge , underground ruins ; an area that is thoroughly removed from sunlight , that is has absolutely no right to be well lit and shiney , yet there it is , just like the rest of the game , shiny as hell .
It 's like Capcom just could n't stand the idea of spending all that money on RE5's slick graphics and let any of their money go to waste .
The game seems obsessed with making the player constantly aware of every little detail in the game 's many million dollar texture maps and polygon models .
That wo n't be a problem in a Wii port of RE5 .
Undoubtedly , if Capcom does end up bringing the game to the little white shat - box , they 're going to need to obscure the visual details in the game 's world as much as possible , to both save memory , and keep the inevitable head - to - head comparisons to original from looking too unfavorable .
How to do it -
This one 's easy .
Just change the game 's time frame so that it takes place from evening - to - night instead of from day - to - night .
Also , make those god damned underground ruins look more like actual underground ruins , and less like an Pirates of the Caribbean - style above - ground fun - park thrill - ride that 's suppose to look like an underground ruin .
Bring the lamp idea from the mine into these and other parts of the game as well .
Make the player actually have to work in order to stay aware of the threats around them .
Make the game 's world a place that you 're afraid to look around , not one that 's constantly trying to impress you with its prettiness .
They could even throw in a creepy night vision section or something .
Paris Hilton has shown the world just how creepy a green skinned , green eyed , emaciated humanoid could be , yet no horror game has really taken that ball and run with it yet .
RE5 : Wii could be the first .
3 ) Ditch the spear chuckers -
There is a really , really , really out of place section towards the middle of RE5 where Chris and Sheva find themselves in a " traditional " African swamp village .
Ewok village is more like it .
This place is clearly the stuff of the imaginations of Japanese videogame developers and not the stuff of reality , as it shares almost nothing in common with any sustainable human dwelling on the planet .
For starters , the whole village is basically a series of giant tree forts , suspended above water that 's infested with respawning alligators .
There is no reality based way that a group of people would ever choose to place their tree forts / humble homes above an alligator infested swamp , especially seeing as there is dry land waiting just feet away .
From a real estate perspective , it just does n't make good sense .
Perhaps even more curious is that these villagers , now transformed in to super - strong " infected " , are all dressed in grass skirts , carrying wooden , bullet proof spiked shields , huge , unnecessarily thorny spears , and crossbows loaded with flaming arrows .
The way they are armed , it 's almost like they knew you were coming , and really wanted to impress you to the fact that they are totally , totally native to the African marshlands .
It 's clear that they have no connection to the shanty town infected villagers that live just a few miles away .
If the grass skirt infected were pals with the shanty town infected , they'd have surely made some room for them to stay in their shanty town , and maybe given them some real weapons or something .
At the very least , they'd have let them sleepover in their shanty houses for a couple of nights , if not just to help them avoid the fucking alligators that live in their front yard .
Clearly , with the " traditional village " stuff , the developers of RE5 were just trying to make an African version of the castle level of RE4 .
The difference here of course is that in RE4 , it made sense for their to be a castle withe creepy monks who shun technology and whisper " coqueslo " to themselves , because the whole game is about an evil cult that shuns technology and acts insane .
RE5 has no such explanations for its wacky natives .
They are just sort of there .
This section of the game sucks because it only does three things for the player .
First , it reminds us that we are playing a videogame , because places like this just do n't exists outside of the videogame world .
Second , it reminds us that we are playing a videogame that wishes it was RE4 , but is n't anywhere near as good as RE4 , as it feels forced and contrived in comparison .
Third , it reminds that we are playing a videogame that we really do n't want to think of as racist , but features fucking black people in grass skirts throwing spears at us and yelling " Ooga Booga " .
For these reasons and more , the spear chucking natives and their village is something RE5 that could do without .
How to do it -
The village itself is definitely a fun location , and though its inclusion does n't make sense as it is now , it could still work .
If the village were a decrepit relic of a time gone by , even if it were just fifty years or so since people had lived there , if might explain why there is no furniture or other signs of habitation in anyone 's houses , and is crawling with alligators .
So if the place has n't been lived in for years , who would try to kill you when you show up there ?
My vote is for zombies .
One of the things that RE5 consistently does right is make a concerted effort to give a nod to the other major chapters of the RE series .
From the inclusion of Spencer , a character first identified in RE : Code Veronica , to the Lickers from RE2 , to the Oroboros 's clear connection to the slug zombies from RE0 , RE5 always makes an effort to stay consistent with what we know about the RE world .
There are even some zombies that show up later in the game , though they are just lying around on conveyor belts , and are only good for a quick scare before they pass out out from apparent exhaustion .
So , what if those zombies , or zombies much like them , were the inhabitants of the village ?
What if there were ten - to - twenty of them coming at you at all times , rising from the water , found mutilated in their former homes , ready to give you that genuine zombie feeling that has n't been a part of a numbered RE game since RE3 ?
One problem is that if done wrong , traditional zombies are just too easy to kill for a walking tank like Chris Redfield .
Remember though , this take on RE5 is single player only , and it takes place almost exclusively at night , so there is no one to watch your back for you , and no way to clearly see the danger around you .
If done right , the return of " real " zombies could offer some genuine scares as well as some challenge .
Picture this ; as you step off your swamp speeder and onto the flimsy wooden scaffolding that leads up the mysterious African village , you hear the sound of a muffled moan from behind you .
It 's joined by three or four moans , and the sound of footsteps on creaking wood .
Before you have a chance to see how far away the sound is coming from , a corpse is already grabbing at your feet , biting at your ankles with a mindless , desperate ferocity .
Just as you begin to struggle to free yourself from its clenched teeth , you realize you 're completely surrounded by zombies , with nowhere to run but the zombie / alligator infested swamp behind you , or into the fray with gun drawn .
Plot wise , there is any number of ways this could be worked into the story .
The zombies could be what 's left of the villagers after some sort of T - virus experiment that Umbrella had staged years ago , or they could be something that Wesker set up just to screw with Chris .
Or , like the best zombies stories , they could just remain completely unexplained .
No matter how you slice it , traditional zombies are a better fit for an RE game than Ooga Booga villagers .
4 ) Get Redfield off the juice and the infected off the dirt bikes -
It sounds petty , but one of my least favorite things about RE5 is Chris Redfield 's big , obnoxious right arm , which is almost always smack dab in the middle of the screen .
I actually went back into the game and shot down all those medals just so I could unlock his traditional outfit , which thankfully has sleeves that go all the way to the elbow .
I 'll never have to see Chris 's arms again , but the fact that I had to see them for twenty odd hours was punishment enough .
Chris ' RE5 overhaul symbolizes something that I really wish was n't happening right now ; Capcom 's continual move towards dumping their traditional Japanese style to better appeal to the Western market .
Take the bandanna off Gears of War's Marcus Phoenix and you have a big jawed , stubbly ape - man who looks a hell of a lot like the new Chris Redfield .
I do n't think that the similarity is a coincidence .
Just like RE5's co-op was thrown in to appeal to Western market , so is the new Chris .
Thing is , long time fans of RE are n't happy with the change .
A series like RE thrives off its history , and changing the look of one of the series most important characters did a lot to turn me off the RE5 before it was even released .
That 's not the only thing about RE5 that felt unrecognizable .
The tacked on cover system that shows up towards the end of the game also feels totally wrong .
The system shows up in the game 's final hours , at a time when you actually get in gunfights with the infected .
For a variety of reasons , that 's not something that should be happening in an RE game .
Do you know why vampire movies are n't scary ?
One reason ; because being a vampire would be pretty awesome .
Sure you can't go out during the day , but other than that , being a vampire has all the advantages of being alive , plus the added perks of being able to be shot repeatedly with no ill effects , tons of super strength , and immortality .
Sure , you have the added urge to kill people and act like a snob , but most people suffer from those urges anyway .
That 's what the infected in RE5 have become , vampire - like beings that would actually be cool to transform into .
They can talk ( sometimes into megaphones ) , they can wield chainsaws , they can giggle , most of them are in incredible shape , and they get to ride fucking dirt bikes .
If that what it means to be an infected , then sign me up .
Beyond just not " fitting " with fans ' preconceived idea of what Resident Evil is all about , Chris 's big arms and the " fun to be us " infected just do n't work to meet RE5's goals of depicting an outnumbered soldier caught in the midst of a horrible viral outbreak .
It 's hard to be scared for Chris while he 's attacked by a bunch of semi - well built villagers when it looks like he could punch through a man 's skull .
It 's hard to feel horrified by what the virus has done to the villagers when you see them gleefully doing donuts on their dirt bikes or holding upbeat public executions from their rooftops .
How to do it -
This is a tough one , because it 's more about the general tone of RE5 than any one particular aspect of the game .
For starters , Capcom would have to hire new character designers to remake Chris , or maybe use a modified version of his character model from the RE1 Gamecube remake .
They 'd also have to swap out the gun infected with something equally menacing , and the god damn dirt bike infected with something that moves really fast .
I guess the some fast moving hunters like those seen in Resident Evil : Umbrella Chronicles might do the trick , but an all new enemy would probably be better .
I 'm not going to even try to talk about what that new enemy might be , as this piece has enough arm chair game development in it as it is .
Let 's just say that the team at Capcom is sure to think of something awesome to fix these issues , and leave it at that .
5 ) Bring back the merchant , the typewriter , and the safe rooms -
Why were these series mainstays taken out of the game ?
To better suit the drop in / drop out online play that so many of RE5's design decisions seem to cater to ?
To make the series seem more like Gears of War ?
I 'm not sure .
One thing I am sure of is that the RE4 merchant , for all the illogical weirdness that he brings with him , adds a sense of humor , reality , and variety to the RE4 that RE5 sorely lacks .
Every time you see the merchant , you know that you 're in a safe place , that you were potentially going to get some kick ass new weapons , and that you were going to hear his goofy - ass chuckle ; all good things .
In RE5 , you get no such satisfaction .
You sell your treasures to ... somebody , and buy your weapons from ... someone , at a time when you take the fact that you 're safe for granted , because your not even playing the game anymore .
Even though the RE4 merchant 's existence makes little sense , the RE5 post - chapter shop makes even less .
Even worse , the RE5 shop system actually encourages you to die , as any death sends you straight to the shop to spend some loot and suit yourself up for combat .
You can even use these intentional deaths to farm items for unlimited cash .
Truly , RE5's shop is a new gameplay system that has failed .
Speaking of fails and deaths , why did RE5 switch to an auto save system , and why does it auto save so frequently ?
Reaching a checkpoint every few minutes totally wrecks any sense of importance or danger found in exploring an area , because you know that even if you mess up , you 're just going to start from a checkpoint just a few minutes back .
It 's just not survival horror if you do n't feel like you need to survive long enough to get to a save point .
It 's just shooting stuff and walking around , with no fear of the consequences .
That brings up the topic of safe rooms .
They are necessary to keep RE games from feeling like one long monotonous , cross country jog from one end of an obstacle course / shooting range to another .
The game needs safe rooms in order for the player to take a break , appreciate the action that you just survived , and anticipate the problems yet to come .
As it stands , RE5 cinemas are the only mechanism that serve that function , and they do so with only relative success .
They can't replace the impact that a playable oasis like a safe room ( complete with typewriter and merchant ) can achieve .
How to do it -
Having a little bit of narrative explaining how the merchants are a ancient order of assistant warriors or something would do the trick .
Maybe the merchant clan has some connection to the ganados / infected , and have pledged to fight them indirectly by supplying those who combat them them with affordable weapons .
Again , anything is more logical that the way the RE5 shop system works now , but all the same , sometimes the best explanation is no explanation .
The merchant 's mysterious ways blended right in with the bizarre events of RE4 , and I figure that RE5 would be no different .
As for safe rooms , they'd be easy enough to toss into the game .
Typewriters would n't have to make a return necessarily .
Chris could instead write in a journal , or maybe the safe rooms would be places where Chris could get a signal through with his phone / walkie - talkie to Sheva / Hunnigan and save that way .
Whatever .
The point is , the player would need to reach a particular area , find the merchant , then choose whether to save or not .
That 's all it would take to give the game 's safe rooms the ability to provide relief , excitement , and the general in - game integration that they once had .
Conclusion -
I imagine that for a lot of people , these changes may seem like downgrades .
I can hear some of you now , saying stuff like " If you take Sheva out of RE5 , then it wont be RE5 anymore " or " RE5 without the high res graphics would be so ugly that just looking at it would cause my face to turn to stone and make me want to kill myself " .
There is a videogame already out there for people who share this opinion .
It is called Resident Evil 5 , and I hope they all have played it , because it 's pretty good .
What about the rest of us ?
There are at least a million or so Wii owning , hardcore RE fans who bought RE : Umbrella Chronicles and RE4 : Wii Edition , but due to financial reasons , wont be able to play RE5 on the PS3/360 .
There are even more people who did buy RE5 and were mildly disappointed with the experience , who just may buy the game again on the Wii if it 's remade to be more true to the series ' roots .
Sure , the graphics would be less impressive , but diehard RE fans care less about visual polish , and more about the how much a game gives you that unique RE feeling .
That 's the feeling that many say that RE5 lost , and I hope that these proposed changes could help bring that feeling back .
Click to open photo gallery :
The ban is entirely voluntary .
But with the support of the public , the town ’s six food retailers have agreed to pull bottled water from their shelves starting in September .
They plan to recoup their losses by selling inexpensive , reusable bottles that can be filled at drinking fountains and filtered water dispensers to be placed around town .
Image Bundanoons ban on bottled water had only one dissenter .
Credit ...
The New York Times
Some of the town ’s 2,500 residents say they support the plan because they worry about the effects of chemicals in plastic bottles ; some view it as a positive demonstration against the water plant .
Others , however , are skeptical that the local council could afford to maintain the new drinking fountains , while still others worry about the health implications of leaving only sweetened alternatives on refrigerator shelves .
“ I do n’t see why water should be picked on , ” said Trevor Fenton , a retired Bundanoon resident .
“ What I ’d like is to see them get rid of all the soft drinks , but they ’d never do that . ”
Environmentalists have been gaining traction in the fight against bottled water .
In addition to the new restrictions by state and local governments in the United States , many high - profile restaurateurs have also begun replacing fancy imported water with tap water .
Recently , a United States Congressional committee debated whether to step up regulation on the bottled - water industry after reviewing two new studies that questioned whether bottled water was any safer than that from a tap .
The attention has irked the industry , which is worth around $ 60 billion a year worldwide and about $ 400 million a year in Australia .
Industry groups say it is unfair to single out bottled water when many other consumer goods  like disposable diapers and imported produce , cheese and wine  have an equal or greater impact on the environment .
Distractions everywhere as I write this in Dallas Fort Worth airport .
Firstly , the racket from the coffee shop next door : trad jazz music mingling with a genteel customer / server dispute over prices .
Then there is the utterly depressing news from home that United have , once more , failed to secure a European place .
To lose out is bad .
To lose out on goal difference is doubly grim .
No excuses , though .
It 's hard to thrive when you get thumped 3 - 0 in successive weeks .
But why Dallas ?
Why was I not suffering at Tannadice along with my fellow Arabs ?
All part of the prolonged preparation of a documentary to mark 10 years of devolution .
It 's due to go out on Sunday June 28 - which leaves me many more plugging days .
' National identity '
We were keen to exemplify the constitutional choice that confronts Scotland : which is to continue expressing our national identity within a wider state or to conclude that that identity can only be properly secured by independence .
Norway offered our example of the latter : a nation which took the independence route after being governed , to varying degrees , from Denmark and then Sweden .
I have alluded to that already on these pages .
Texas provided the alternative scenario .
Herewith a quotation : " Texas is a state of mind .
Texas is an obsession .
Above all , Texas is a nation in every sense of the word . "
That 's John Steinbeck , writing in Travels with Charley , Charley being his large , enthusiastic dog .
But the nation that is Texas has chosen since 1845 to share sovereignty with the United States of America .
Everyone I met stressed , ever so politely , the element of choice .
Deliberate tease
Texas was not subservient .
Texas was not subsumed .
Texas could choose to secede from the US .
Texas chooses not to do so .
Texans cheerfully confess that their assertion of a distinct identity frequently exasperates their fellow US citizens from less fiercely defined states .
It is , they insist , part of their charm - and , frequently , a deliberate tease .
As one put it to me , Texans like to poke their fellow Americans in the ribs from time to time , if only to stress that the States may be United but they are far from uniform .
PS : Welcome your comments as ever .
Would remind you , gently , that it is one of the house rules that responses should not stray from the particular topic on offer .
This is designed to ensure that , in the interests of all readers , there can be focused , substantive debate .
Over a prolonged period , it means that the broadest possible range of topics can be aired .
AN ADDENDUM of sorts to my last post :
In their effort to criticise Barack Obama 's response to the situation in Iran , Republicans are tripping over themselves to invoke Ronald Reagan .
This is nothing new , but they should at least get their facts right .
No , John McCain , President Reagan did not stand up for the people of Czechoslovakia during the Prague Spring .
That happened in 1968 , when Mr Reagan was in his first term as governor of California .
Nor was Alexander Solzhenitsyn deep in the gulags when Reagan gave his " evil empire " speech .
Someone inform Mike Pence .
Next will we hear someone credit the release of " Tropic Zone " with forcing an armistice in the Korean War ?
This is all very amusing , but Republicans are losing sight of Mr Reagan 's actual foreign policy .
His approach toward Iran was brutal realism that resulted in the sale of missiles to the mullahs ' regime .
His approach towards South Africa was also pure strategy — support for a racist regime as a way of hurting the Soviets .
Many of the anti-communist forces backed by his administration ( in Asia , Africa and Latin America ) were also hostile to their own people .
In other words , he rarely exhibited the woolly - headed , we - support - you idealism that his party is now advocating .
( Photo credit : AFP )
A freighter loaded with aid which has been partially funded by British Tamils has been intercepted and ordered to anchor by the Sri Lankan navy .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Captain Ali , a Syrian - registered vessel , set sail from France last month but at least half of the 884 metric tons of aid on board the freighter has been provided by Tamils living in the UK .
The ship 's 13 crew members and 2 passengers – one of whom is British – have been detained on board by armed officers until the Sri Lankan navy decides whether or not they can proceed to a port .
The ship 's organisers say their mission to bring aid to the quarter of a million refugees displaced by the recently finished civil war in Sri Lanka is purely humanitarian .
But the Sri Lankan navy intercepted the ship on suspicion that it might have been carrying supplies for the now defeated Tamil Tiger separatist movement .
Navy spokesperson Captain Mahesh Karunarathe said : " We rounded up the ship and it 's being brought closer to shore for checking .
We know that it was coming with no local agent , no details of the cargo and the cargo was loaded by pro-LTTE ( people ) in the U.K. and France . "
One of the members on board the boat is Kristjan Guomundsson , an Icelandic national and a former member of the Sri Lankan Monitoring Mission , an independent organisation which kept watch over a 2002 ceasefire between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tigers .
Speaking to The Independent by telephone from the Captain Ali last night , Mr Guomundsson said the ship was being stopped because the correct paperwork had not been filled out .
" We are currently negotiating with the Sri Lankan navy who have treated us professionally and with courtesy , " he said .
" This is entirely a humanitarian mission , I would n't be here if it was not . "
The detained British national is thought to be Udhayanan Thavarajasintam , a 51 - year - old charity worker .
The ship 's crew are primarily Egyptian and Syrian nationals .
According to organisers in the UK , the boat was intercepted by five navy vessels at 4.30 pm local time approximately 18 miles off the western coast of Sri Lanka .
Mr Guomundsson said the ship had been fully searched and nothing other than aid had been found .
" It may take a few days but I 'm sure this will all be resolved soon , " he said .
If those on board the ship are detained indefinitely it may cause a diplomatic row between Sri Lanka and Britain , which had been increasingly critical of large civilian casualties caused by Colombo 's final assault on the Tamil Tigers .
Last night the Sri Lankan government announced that it would consider prosecuting doctors who helped in the rebel - held territory for " collaboration with the LTTE " .
It is not yet clear whether Damilvany Gnanakumar , a British woman from Essex who was working in hospitals in the rebel - held areas will be prosecuted .
She is currently being held in an internment camp and her family have not heard from her since 19 May .
Because Colombo banned journalist from the front line , journalists largely relied on doctors working in the rebel - held areas to describe how thousands of civilians had been killed in the fighting .
A spokesperson from the Foreign Office last night said they had not been notified whether Ms Gnanakumar had been arrested but said they were in " regular contact " with the Sri Lankan authorities over her ongoing internment .
How large is Morgan Stanley 's exposure to commercial real estate ?
It 's very difficult to tell , actually .
As we learned during the horrors of 2008 , there are so many ways for banks to hide their exposure to certain asset classes .
In fact , many banks were so good at concealing their exposure that their own management had no idea what they owned .
This morning 's Wall Street Journal notes that Morgan Stanley has about $ 18 billion in exposure in just one unit -- the institutional securities unit -- to commercial real estate .
Some of that might be hedged , although until we know how Morgan Stanley is hedging these risks that 's no much to go on .
The days have long since passed when banks could simply announce a position was " hedged " or " hedged with CDS " and expect investors to feel reassured .
Brad Hintz , the Sanford C. Bernstein analyst who everone listens to because he was a bigshot at Lehman a decade or so ago , expects " modest " write - downs .
Credit Suisse analyst Howard
Chen says that institutiional securities unit will write - down around $ 300 million .
The struck us a suspiciously low when we 're talking about a basis of $ 18 billion , but the Wall Street Journal says that many of the loans in this unit have already been written down by 50 % . .
The company has said its net exposure was $ 4 billion in the first quarter .
The federal government certainly thinks that Morgan Stanley 's commercial real estate portfolio is loaded with junk .
It tested Morgan Stanley 's financial health under an assumption of losses as high as 45 % on its commercial real estate loans , the steepest of any bank that underwent the tests .
To translate : the government suspects that Morgan Stanley 's commercial real estate assets are more toxic than those at any other financial firm .
But Morgan Stanley 's exposure to commercial real estate is not confined to that institutional unit .
It 's asset management unit is loaded up with commercial real estaet also .
" Much of the $ 1.5 billion in losses in Morgan Stanley 's asset - management unit in past year came from commercial real - estate investments , " the Journal reports .
TWOTON GREEN BLOG ... a twist on the way I would say my name as a small child , TwoTon Green Book .
This , however , is a blog and not a book .
For more than a year Project Chanology has been protesting against the Church of Scientology , both on the Internet and in real life .
As of today they are joined by The Pirate Bay , who are helping " Anonymous " to rally support for their upcoming protests aimed to make Scientology walk the plank .
The cult known as the Church of Scientology has made many victims over the past years and perhaps even more enemies .
Most notable are the attempts of Project Chanology that educated the public about the wrongdoings of the self proclaimed religion .
With denial - of - service attacks against Scientology various websites and viral YouTube videos they ’ve made it very clear that they are determined to dismantle the Church .
As of today they are announcing a new round of “ attacks ” that will be pirate themed , with pirate support .
In true Pirate style The Pirate Bay has decided to back the operation with a banner linking to Anonymous ’ latest campaign “ Operation Sea Arrrgh 2 ” on their home page .
New protests on and offline are will be executed soon , staring this weekend .
“ Our next protests are all pirate themed .
Our flyers and other material will mostly be about their ship the Freewinds and the many abuses that have taken place on there , and then of course the rest of the scams and atrocities they have committed and continue to perpetrate , ” Anonymous told TorrentFreak .
Operation Sea Aarrrgh 2 : Cruise Control is the latest in a ongoing series of protests Anonymous has organized against the Church of Scientology in its continuing mission to educate the public about the criminal behavior and unethical tactics of the cult ’s management .
“ We appeal to our fellow pirates because this is and has always been a battle of the Internets , and we believe many of the filesharing pirates out there share our ideology of an open society , where information can be free , ” Anonymous said .
So pirates , set sail towards Seaarrgh to find out more about Operation Sea Aarrrgh 2 and find out about protests near you at the forums .
Arrrr !
Hugo Chávez 's coalition - building efforts suffered a setback yesterday when the Honduran military sent its president packing for abusing the nation 's constitution .
It seems that President Mel Zelaya miscalculated when he tried to emulate the success of his good friend Hugo in reshaping the Honduran Constitution to his liking .
But Honduras ...
Even greatness is no guarantee of survival .
English brewery O'Hanlon 's last week announced it would no longer be brewing Thomas Hardy 's
Ale , a rich , vintage - dated barley wine widely regarded by beer aficionados as a world classic .
While another brewery could decide to buy the rights , the beer 's future is up in the air – those bottles of 2008 on LCBO shelves could well be a collector 's item .
The decision to stop brewing one of the world 's greatest beers was a painful one , but became necessary because of the time and money it took to produce , said O'Hanlon 's sales manager Liz O'Hanlon .
" It really was n't an easy decision .
But in the end , it just was n't worth it , " said O'Hanlon .
Since 2003 , O'Hanlon 's had been brewing Thomas Hardy 's under license for U.S. importer George Saxon , who had bought the rights to the beer from original brewer Eldridge Pope .
Thomas Hardy was created by Pope in 1968 as a tribute to the English author and continued production until 1999 , when the company got out of the brewing business .
Saxon eventually bought the rights and hired O'Hanlon 's to brew it to the original recipe .
While sales were decent for what was an expensive , niche product , O'Hanlon said they were n't good enough to justify the difficulties of producing , packaging and selling the beer .
" Our regular beers take about two weeks to brew .
With the Thomas Hardy , we 'd start brewing in January and it was September before we could start bottling it , " said O'Hanlon .
With an alcohol percentage that sometimes topped 12 per cent , more raw materials were also needed than for any other O'Hanlon 's beer .
Even the packaging was n't easy .
Each bottle has a gold foil top and is individually numbered ; there 's also a gold medallion hung from each bottle .
" We had to hang those medallions by hand , " said O'Hanlon .
With sales of its other brands growing quickly , O'Hanlon said the brewery needed more production capacity ; the quickest , cheapest way to get it was by pulling the plug on Thomas Hardy .
While Saxon is trying to find another English brewery to take on Thomas Hardy , O'Hanlon is n't sure that 's going to happen any time soon .
" I wish him luck , but it 's really not going to be easy for him , " said O'Hanlon .
Saxon had no comment on the search , or O'Hanlon 's decision .
A small brewery would face the same obstacles as O'Hanlon 's , while a large one would need to push production volumes far past what there 's a demand for , O'Hanlon suggested .
Asked if they'd be interested in brewing Thomas Hardy 's , two English breweries with experience saving historic beers said yes , but with major qualifications .
" For various technical and logistical reasons we need to be considering at least 10,000 hectolitres a year , " said Richard Westwood , production director at Marston 's , which has two beers in its product line made by historic methods no longer used by most brewers .
Ten thousand hectolitres translates into a million litres a year , or roughly 40 times what O'Hanlon 's produced .
At London 's Fuller 's brewery , which took over the tricky production of Gale 's Prize Old Ale from its original brewer in 2005 , brewing director John Keeling also expressed an interest in making Thomas Hardy's .
" It 's something I 'd consider taking a look at , but only if we owned the brand .
We would n't want to put all that effort into something if it was n't even our brand , " said Keeling .
‘ FEMALE INTERVIEWER : So , General Cosgrove , what things are you going to to teach these young boys when they visit your base ?
‘ FEMALE INTERVIEWER : So , General Cosgrove , what things are you going to to teach these young boys when they visit your base ?
GENERAL COSGROVE :
We ’re going to teach them climbing , canoeing , archery , and
shooting .
FEMALE INTERVIEWER : Shooting !
That ’s a bit irresponsible , is n’t it ?
GENERAL COSGROVE : I do n’t see why , they ’ll be properly supervised on the
rifle range .
FEMALE INTERVIEWER : Do n’t you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children ?
GENERAL COSGROVE : I do n’t see how .
We will be teaching them proper rifle
discipline before they even touch a firearm .
FEMALE INTERVIEWER :
But you ’re equipping them to become violent killers .
GENERAL COSGROVE : Well , Ma’am , you ’re equipped to be a prostitute , but you ’re not one , are you ?
– Top 10 Best Comebacks | Top 10 Lists | TopTenz.net
Today we grow concerned about birth not being natural enough , having become too medical .
Historically it was thoroughly natural , wholly unmedical , and gravely dangerous .
Eds. note :
This story was updated at 5:30 p.m. with additional quotes from Adamczyk .
The killing of an abortion provider on Sunday raises again the extreme potential consequences of the nation 's schism on this topic .
It 's a tough issue to reconcile on a personal level too , and a new study on the effects of religiosity on the decision to have an abortion reveals more inconsistencies .
Unwed pregnant teens and 20 - somethings who attend or have graduated from private religious schools are more likely to obtain abortions than their peers from public schools , according to research in the June issue of the Journal of Health and Social Behavior .
" This research suggests that young , unmarried women are confronted with a number of social , financial and health - related factors that can make it difficult for them to act according to religious values when deciding whether to keep or abort a pregnancy , " said the study ’s author , sociologist Amy Adamczyk of John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the Graduate Center , City University of New York .
( George Tiller , a 67 - year - old physician who had long been targeted by anti-abortion activists , was shot and killed Sunday while attending church in Wichita , Kan . )
Adamczyk examined how personal religious involvement , schoolmate religious involvement and school type influenced the pregnancy decisions of a sample of 1,504 unmarried and never - divorced women age 26 and younger from 125 different schools .
The women ranged in age from 14 to 26 at the time they discovered they were pregnant .
Twenty - five percent of women in the sample reported having an abortion , a likely underestimate , Adamczyk said .
As a group , the women in Adamczyk 's sample are less likely to abide by their religious beliefs , she said .
" They have already had premarital sex , and women who are engaging in riskier sex behaviers ( i.e. more partners , a one - night stand , etc. ) are more likely to end up in the predicment of being pregnant and unmarried , " she said .
" However , when faced with this incredible decision , things like education and future aspiriations simply appear to matter more , " Adamczyk told LiveScience .
Later in life , women might be more inclined to carry a pregnancy to term , perhaps for religious reasons , she said .
Religion might have a greater influence on one 's decisions when school and career aspirations have already been achieved or are moving along well .
Results revealed no significant link between a young woman 's reported decision to have an abortion and her personal religiosity , as defined by her religious involvement , frequency of prayer and perception of religion 's importance .
Adamczyk said that this may be partially explained by the evidence that personal religiosity delays the timing of first sex , thereby shortening the period of time in which religious women are sexually active outside of marriage .
Despite the absence of a link between personal religious devotion and abortion , religious affiliation did have some important influence .
Adamczyk found that conservative Protestants ( which includes evangelicals and fundamentalist Christians ) were the least likely to report having an abortion , less likely than mainline Protestants , Catholics and women with non-Christian religious affiliations .
" On the other hand , simply attending church or finding religion important does not appear to shape a young unmarried woman 's abortion decisions , " Adamczyk said .
" But many very liberal - minded people who seem themselves as prochoice still attend church . "
Regarding the impact of the religious involvement of a woman 's peers , Adamczyk found no significant influence .
However , Adamczyk did find that women who attended school with conservative Protestants were more likely to decide to have an extramarital baby in their 20s than in their teenage years .
" The values of conservative Protestant classmates seem to have an abortion limiting effect on women in their 20s , but not in their teens , presumably because the educational and economic costs of motherhood are reduced as young women grow older , " Adamczyk said .
Despite Adamczyk 's finding that rates of reported abortions were higher for young women educated at private religious schools , the type of religious school was not a factor : Catholic schools had similar rates as other religious schools .
" Religious school attendance is not necessarily indicative of conservative religious beliefs because students attend these schools for a variety of reasons , " Adamczyk said .
" These schools tend to generate high levels of commitment and strong social ties among their students and families , so abortion rates could be higher due to the potential for increased feelings of shame related to an extramarital birth . "
Data for this study came from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health ( Add Health ) , a three - wave school - based study of the health - related behaviors of students in grades 7 to 12 at the time of the first wave .
Adamczyk analyzed data from the first and third waves of Add Health , the first wave taking place from 1994 to 1995 and the third wave being completed between 2001 and 2002 .
The Add Health program project was funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , along with several other agencies .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has asked his country ’s overseas missions to pledge loyalty to his youngest son , signaling he has been anointed as next leader of the communist dynasty , a newspaper report said on Tuesday .
Kim , 67 , is thought to have suffered a stroke in August .
Analysts have said the North ’s recent military actions , including a nuclear test last week , may be aimed at helping him solidify power so that he can name a successor .
“ It has been confirmed through various channels that North Korea sent emails to legations overseas , asking them to pledge their loyalty to ( youngest son ) Kim Jong - un , ” the South Korean daily Dong - A Ilbo reported an “ informed source ” as saying .
Analysts have said succession is one of the most closely guarded secrets in the highly secretive North , with Kim ’s plans only known to his small inner circle .
The paper quoted another informed source as saying : “ North Korean leadership is educating senior officials at major security authorities with an emphasis on the justification of father - to - son succession over three generations . ”
The sources concluded these signs pointed to Jong - un being officially anointed .
Kim Jong -il , groomed for decades to take over the country from his father and state founder Kim Il - sung , has three sons but they are unknown to most North Koreans .
Jong -un , born either in 1983 or early 1984 , was educated in Switzerland and intelligence sources have said he appears to be the most capable of the three .
Even by North Korea ’s opaque standards , very little is known about the son , whose youth is also a potential problem in a society that adheres closely to the importance of seniority .
AT&T has been trending heavily on Twitter of late , and not because of its friendship with the iPhone .
Adam Savage has invoked the wrath of 50,000 Twitter followers in the general direction of telecommunications giant AT&T due to a $ 11,000 phone bill incurred while Savage was in Canada .
Savage says he surfed the web on a mobile modem for “ a few hours , ” inadvertently cha-chinging up a bill that could keep any sane person in hookers and blow for at least a month .
This series of tweets explains the pricey lappity - toppity session and the ensuing massive bill :
Sorry , bit of explanation : device in question was n’t my phone , it was the AT&T usb connect Mercury modem .
And I got the “ data is charged at .015 cents , or a penny and a half , per kb ” .
About to try to explain the difference to them .
Sigh .
They ’re claiming I uploaded / downloaded 9 million kilobytes ( 9 gigs ) while in Canada .
Frakking impossible .
@sleepingbri you read it right .
$ 11,000.00 Did I mention they ’ve turned off my phone until I pay ?
#attsucks Almost forgot : Hey AT&T !
I will fight this bullshit .
Text messaging fees are stupid robbery ?
( they are ) , AT&T is attempting to charge me 11 k for a few hours of web surfing in Canada .
Pls RT !
Savage soon updated that AT&T was quick to quash the spurious charges after the fast and furious backlash :
Today the tweeps became twoops .
Just got off the phone with AT&T and they ’ve taken care of everything to my great satisfaction .# twitterrules
But would any of us have received the same quick and painless resolution ?
On that , Savage says :
By Emma Wilkinson
BBC News health reporter in Amsterdam
The test should tell if an embryo is healthy A gene mapping test that can test embryos for almost any inherited disease could be available in the UK within a year , say researchers .
Unlike current tests doctors do not need to know the specific gene mutation involved .
At the same time embryos can be tested to check they are generally in good genetic shape .
Experts say there will have to be strict limits on what the test can be used for .
We 're not mad Frankensteins working away in our laboratories to create designer babies
Professor Tony Rutherford
British Fertility Society
The test - which will cost around £ 2,500 - uses a technique called karyomapping which looks for the inheritance of sections of DNA or chromosomes .
Rather than knowing the exact gene mutation which is passed down the generations in an family affected by a condition such as cystic fibrosis , doctors can just look for the block of DNA containing a faulty gene .
At the moment genetic testing of embryos is generally limited to a few conditions .
But karyomapping could in theory be used to test for any one of the 15,000 genetic defects known about .
Using the same test doctors could also look at whether any chromosomes are missing or duplicated which suggests the embryo will not be viable .
It would also be far quicker than current tests , taking only three days instead of weeks or months .
Professor Alan Handyside , from London 's Bridge Centre , who developed the test said in the handful of families they had looked at , it had been 100 % successful in picking up affected embryos .
US researchers have also run the test in embryos at risk of cystic fibrosis .
In five cases where families had donated embryos to research , they proved the test can pick up cystic fibrosis mutations .
At the same time they found serious chromosome abnormalities suggesting those embryos would not have resulted in successful pregnancy , delegates at the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology conference heard .
That could boost the chance of a couple having a successful pregnancy through IVF as well as a baby free from the condition in question .
Ethical issues
The UK team has applied to the Human Fertility and Embryology Authority ( HFEA ) for a licence .
Clinical trials of the test are due to start by the end of the year .
Regulators will be assessing whether it works and whether it is safe .
But there are also ethical issues to consider .
Ultimately , the test could be used to test for conditions which are not serious or life - threatening - leading to concerns about designer babies .
The HFEA will be able to set conditions on what the test can be used for .
Professor Handyside said one use for the test could be looking for genetic causes of autism which occurs in 5 % of cases .
Other likely candidates are Huntington 's disease and spinal muscular atrophy - a condition that can cause death in infancy .
" What we 're mapping is inheritance from the father and the mother across the entire genome .
" The potential criticism of this work is we could find all kinds of changes in the embryo .
" But we would n't get a licence to do this for all conditions .
He added : " We are limited in the number of embryos we can test so something has to be very likely to turn up . "
Professor Tony Rutherford , chair of the British Fertility Society said the test would be more reliable although admitted such technology was opening a " Pandora 's box " .
" The issue here is we may find out a lot of genetic information and how is that going to be used or stored . "
But he said the regulations in the UK on what could be tested for were very strict and would remain so .
" We 're not mad Frankensteins working away in our laboratories to create designer babies .
" We are only allowed to look for major diseases which cause handicaps . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" While we regret that we participated in the market euphoria and failed to raise a responsible voice , we are proud of the way our firm managed the risk it assumed on behalf of our client before and during the financial crisis , " he said .
-- DealBook Blog - NYTimes.com .
Anyone else out there find himself doubled over laughing after reading Goldman , Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein's " apology " for his bank 's behavior leading up to the financial crisis ?
Has an act of contrition ever in history been more worthless and insincere ?
Even Gary Ridgway did a better job of sounding genuinely sorry at his sentencing hearing -- and he was a guy who had sex with dead prostitutes because it was cheaper than paying live ones .
Looking at Blankfein's one - sentence apology , I 'm struck in particular by a couple of phrases :
While we regret that we participated in the market euphoria ...
Really , Lloyd ?
You " participated " in the market euphoria ?
You did n't , I do n't know , cause the market euphoria ?
By almost any measurement , Goldman was a central , leading player in the subprime housing bubble story .
Just yesterday I was talking to Guy Cecala at Inside Mortgage Finance , the trade publication that tracks statistics in the mortgage lending industry .
He said that at the height of the boom , in 2006 , Goldman Sachs underwrote $ 76.5 billion in mortgage - backed securities , or 7 % of the entire market .
Of that $ 76.5 billion , $ 29.3 billion was subprime , which is bad enough -- but another $ 29.8 billion was what 's called " Alt - A " paper .
Alt - A mortgages are characterized , mainly , by crappy documentation and lack of equity : no income verification , no asset verification , little - to - no cash down .
So while " only " 38 % of the mortgage - backed securities Goldman underwrote were subprime , more than three - fourths of their securities were what is called " non-prime , " ie either subprime or Alt - A . " There 's a lot of crap in there too , " says Cecala .
Let 's be clear about what that meant .
These crap / sham mortgages , a lot of them adjustable - rate deals with teaser rates that featured sudden rate hikes two or three years after closing , they would never have been possible had not someone devised a method for selling them off to secondary buyers .
No local bank is going to keep millions of dollars worth of Alt - A mortgages on its books , because no sensible company lends out money to very risky customers and actually keeps those loans on its balance sheet .
So this system depended almost entirely on banks like Goldman finding ways to securitize these instruments , ie chop the mortgages up into little bits , repackage them as mortgage - backed securities like CDOs and CMOs , and sell them to unsuspecting customers on the secondary market , most of them large institutional buyers like pensions and insurance companies and workers ' unions , many of them foreigners .
Most of those customers were snookered into buying this stuff because they had no idea what it was : in the case of pensions and unions particularly , a lot of these customers only bought this crap because the peculiar alchemy banks like Goldman used in devising their mortgage - backed securities made radioactive mortgages look like AAA - rated investments .
( Or at least they were given these ratings by Moody 's and Standard and Poor 's , ratings agencies that were financially dependent upon the very banks they were supposed to be rating -- but that 's another story ) .
So some Dutch teachers ' union that a year before was buying ultra-safe U.S. Treasury bonds in 2006 runs into a Goldman salesman who offers them a different , " just as safe " AAA - rated investment that , at the moment anyway , just happens to be earning a much higher return than treasuries .
Next thing you know , a bunch of teachers in Holland are betting their retirement nest eggs on a bunch of meth addicted " homeowners " in Texas and Arizona .
This is n't really commerce , but much more like organized crime : it was a gigantic fraud perpetrated on the economy that would n't have been possible without accomplices in the ratings agencies and regulators willing to turn a blind eye .
Imagine a meat company that bred ten billion rats , fattened them on trash and sewage , ground their bodies into chuck , and then sold it all as grade - A ground beef to McDonald 's and Burger King , right under the noses of the USDA : this is exactly the same thing , only with debt instead of food .
We 're eating it , they 're counting the money .
Any way you slice it , Goldman was responsible for putting tens of billions of toxic mortgages on the market , resulting in mass foreclosures , mass depletion of retirement funds , and a monstrously over - leveraged financial system that we will now all be bailing out for the next half - century or so .
All of this so that Goldman could make a few billion bucks acting as the middleman in all of these deadly transactions .
Anyway , I was also struck by this phrase :
... we are proud of the way our firm managed the risk for our clients ...
First of all , generally speaking , when one apologizes for having done a bad thing ( like for instance destroying the world economy ) , it is good form to wait at least until the end of the sentence to start bragging again .
Second of all , what is particularly obnoxious about this phrase is that Goldman is bragging about the fact that it actually made money while it was pumping the economy full of explosive leverage .
While companies like Lehman and Bear were dumb enough to actually eat their own rat meat , Goldman knew what it was doing and was careful to bet against the same stuff it was selling , which makes its behavior many times worse than that of other banks , not better .
I get into this more in a Rolling Stone piece coming out next week , but Goldman 's continual bragging about its mortgage hedges is one of the more obnoxious phenomena in the recent history of Wall Street , given that it was selling this shit by the ton during that same period .
Beyond that , Goldman 's " risk management " also involved buying massive hedges on its mortgage exposure from ... drum roll please ...
AIG .
In fact Goldman was AIGFP 's single largest customer ; while the bank was busy flooding the world financial system with doomed mortgages , it was also busy piling bets on the back of the insurance behemoth -- $ 20 billion worth , to be exact .
And AIG 's death spiral was triggered not so much by its bets going sour , but by companies like Goldman that demanded that AIG put up cash to show its ability to pay .
These collateral calls were what killed AIG last September , and Goldman was one of those creditors pulling the trigger : what makes this fact even more obnoxious is that ex-Goldmanite Henry Paulson then stepped in and green - lighted an $ 80 billion taxpayer bailout .
Ultimately another ex-Goldmanite named Ed Liddy was put in charge of AIG , and Goldman ended up getting paid 100 cents on the dollar for its AIG debt .
So basically Goldman helped kill AIG , necessitating a federal bailout , after which time it got paid off handsomely for bets that it certainly would not have been paid off completely for had AIG simply been liquidated .
And again , AIG probably does not have a market to sell its CDS insurance to firms like Goldman , if firms like Goldman had not cooked up this insane scheme to underwrite billions upon billions of toxic debt and sell it off to secondary buyers as safe investments .
Moreover AIG would not have even had this business of selling CDS insurance had not a bunch of ex-Goldman guys , in particular Bob Rubin , quietly pushed to deregulate the derivatives market back at the end of the Clinton administration .
So when Goldman says it is proud that it " managed the risk " for its clients , what it 's really saying is , " We 're proud that we kept the extreme crapness of our mortgage securities secret from everyone but our clients , and fobbed off the nightmare leverage they created on dumbass AIG and all the pensioners and teachers and other idiots who bought this stuff .
Go fuck yourselves and suck on our yachts . "
There 's a much larger story about all of this coming out in the magazine next week , but in the meantime ... hey , Lloyd , thanks for the apology .
It makes us all feel a lot better .
_______
About author I 'm a political reporter for Rolling Stone magazine , a sports columnist for Men 's Journal , and I also write books for a Random House imprint called Spiegel and Grau .
My main ambition in life is to someday strangle that chick in the Progressive Insurance commercials who is always waving her hands back and forth and screaming , " Discount ! ! ! "
Anyone who has suggestions for how to dump her body without being caught is welcome to write to me .
I already have plenty of plastic and a staple - gun .
Remedy Entertainment has revealed that the Alan Wake project is now an Xbox 360 exclusive - as the PC version has been shelved indefinitely .
This follows comments from the game 's lead writer Sam Lake that the team is " fully concentrated on the Xbox 360 version " .
A Remedy spokesperson has since confirmed to Digital Spy that the firm is " currently working exclusively " on Alan Wake for the console and that any decision on a potential PC version now rests solely with publisher Microsoft Games .
" Our PC plans are currently open [ and ] therefore a joint PC / Xbox launch is not possible at this late stage , " said the representative .
" Remedy has a deep heritage in PC gaming and we would love to see a PC version available for our PC followers .
Ultimately , however , this is a decision that lies with our publisher . "
Read our interview with Remedy 's Oskari Häkkinen on all things Alan Wake this Sunday .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
I ’m a bit late on this , but the Washington Post has fired Dan Froomkin , of the White House Watch blog .
On the face of it , it ’s a puzzling decision .
Aside from the excellence of Froomkin ’s work , he ’s popular with readers .
On sheer business grounds , why drop him ?
OK , I have no idea about the actual decision process .
But I have a theory about the general mindset of the people who made this decision .
Here ’s how I see things : many people in the news media , especially at the managerial level , decided a long time ago that movement conservatism was The Future — and that the sensible thing , whether or not you yourself were a conservative , was to go with the wave .
That meant treating right - wing politicians and media figures with great respect , while ridiculing the opposition as the Incredible Shrinking Democrats or the Incredibly Shrinking Democrats , or whatever .
And anyone who did n’t treat the right with great respect , who did n’t get with the program , was a flake , a moonbat .
The way Iraq war skeptics were frozen out of the prewar discussion was only the most conspicuous example ; pretty much the same thing happened in early 2005 to anyone questioning the push for Social Security privatization .
Now , you might think that the way things turned out — the total failure of movement conservatism in government , and the abrupt , humiliating end to the Permanent Republican Majority — would lead to some soul - searching .
But that ’s not how human nature works .
Instead , it became more urgent than ever to assert that those who did n’t get with the program were flakes and moonbats , not worthy of being listened to , while those who believed in the right to the bitter end were “ serious ” .
Thus we still live in an era in which you have to have been wrong to be respectable .
You ’re not considered serious about national security unless you were for invading Iraq ; you ’re not considered a serious political analyst unless you spent the last 3 years of the Bush administration predicting a Republican comeback ; you ’re not considered a serious economic analyst unless you dismissed the idea that the Bush Boom , such as it was , rested on a housing bubble .
That ’s why the firing of Dan Froomkin now makes a perverse sort of sense .
As long as the right was in power , he was in effect the Post ’s designated moonbat , someone who attracted readers but did n’t threaten the self - esteem of the self - perceived serious people at the paper .
But now he looks like someone who was right when the serious people were wrong — and that means he has to go .
Changing Views on Gay Marriage , Gun Control , Immigration and Legalizing Marijuana
ABC News - Washington Post Poll : 49 Percent Support Gay Marriage , New High
Support for gay marriage , legalizing illegal immigrants and decriminalizing marijuana all are at new highs .
Three - quarters of Americans favor federal regulation of greenhouse gases .
Two - thirds support establishing relations with Cuba .
But hold tight .
If some views that may be perceived as liberal are ascendant , so are some conservative ones : Opposition to gun control is also at a new high in the latest ABC News / Washington Post poll .
There 's continued broad support for tighter border controls .
And contrary to President Obama , half of Americans would n't flatly rule out torturing terrorism suspects .
Click here for a PDF with charts and questionnaire .
It 's a country , in short , in which no fixed ideological orthodoxy holds sway , and attitudes on hot - button issues can and do shift over time , sometimes in surprising ways .
Take gay marriage , legal in Massachusetts , Connecticut and now Iowa , with Vermont coming aboard in September .
At its low , in 2004 , just 32 percent of Americans favored gay marriage , with 62 percent opposed .
Now 49 percent support it versus 46 percent opposed -- the first time in ABC / Post polls that supporters have outnumbered opponents .
More than half , moreover -- 53 percent -- say gay marriages held legally in another state should be recognized as legal in their states .
The surprise is that the shift has occurred across ideological groups .
While conservatives are least apt to favor gay marriage , they 've gone from 10 percent support in 2004 to 19 percent in 2006 and 30 percent now -- overall a 20 - point , threefold increase , alongside a 13 - point gain among liberals and 14 points among moderates .
( Politically , support for gay marriage has risen sharply among Democrats and independents alike , while far more slightly among Republicans . )
FIRST LEAN LEFT –
On an entirely different issue , 46 percent of Americans now favor legalizing small amounts of marijuana for personal use , the most in data back to the mid-1980s and more than double its level 12 years ago .
While 52 percent remain opposed , that 's down from 75 percent in the late 1990s and 78 percent in 1986 .
The biggest changes in the past two decades are 29 - and 27 - point advances in support of legalization among Democrats and independents , to 49 and 53 percent , respectively .
The slightest : a 10 - point gain among Republicans , to just 28 percent support .
In another new high , 61 percent now support giving illegal immigrants " the right to live here legally if they pay a fine and meet other requirements . "
That 's up from 49 percent in 2007 to a substantial majority for the first time .
In this case support is up more sharply among Republicans , a 17 - point gain to 59 percent , than among Democrats , up 9 points to 68 percent .
It 's up 14 points among independents .
Global Warming , Gun Control and Gay Marriage
And on global warming , a new question finds 75 percent support for federal controls on the release of greenhouse gases in an effort to reduce global warming ; indeed a substantial 54 percent support it " strongly . "
The Environmental Protection Agency moved in this direction this month , declaring these emissions a threat .
Regulation wins support even though 77 percent express concern about its impact on the cost of things they buy .
Indeed , even among those who are " very " concerned about the cost impact , two - thirds support the regulation of greenhouse gases nonetheless .
THEN TO THE RIGHT – Other views tilt more to the right .
Just 51 percent in this poll support the general principle of " stricter gun control laws , " about the same as last September ( 50 percent ) and down sharply from its peak , 67 percent in mid-2000 .
The 48 percent now opposed to gun control is the most in polls dating to 1989 , and the number " strongly " opposed , at 36 percent , its highest in that time .
The greatest change is a 26 - point drop in support for gun control among Republicans , to 31 percent , and a 21 - point drop among independents , to 46 percent .
Support among Democrats is down by a far milder 7 points , to 69 percent .
Support is also down very steeply among the four in 10 Americans who live in gun-owning households :
Fifty - two percent of gun owners supported stricter gun control in 2000 ; just 29 percent do now .
There are changes in related views as well .
For the first time in ABC / Post polls a clear majority of Americans , 57 percent , do n't think stricter gun laws would in fact reduce violent crime .
And 61 percent – a new high , and again the first substantial majority – say enforcement of existing gun laws would accomplish more than passing new , stricter ones .
On immigration , while support for a path to citizenship is up , interest in greater border control remains high and strong .
Seventy - four percent say the United States is not doing enough to keep illegal immigrants out of the country ; 59 percent feel " strongly " about it .
Two others issues , covered in separate analyses earlier this week , round out the mixed ideological message .
On one hand two - thirds of Americans favor diplomatic relations with Cuba , and more than half support open trade and travel -- views that might be seen as less conservative .
At the same time the number who side with Obama 's ban on the torture of terrorism suspects in all cases has declined from 58 percent in January to 49 percent now -- a move , in this case , toward the more conservative viewpoint .
MORE MARRIAGE – Of all these issues , the divisions -- and changes -- on gay marriage are especially striking .
In addition to more support , there 's been a shift in intensity of views : Compared with three years ago , the number of Americans " strongly " opposed has declined from 51 percent to 39 percent , while the number strongly in favor of gay marriage has advanced from 24 percent to 31 percent .
Democrats and Republicans Divide on Gay Marriage
Polarization is especially broad along political , ideological and religious lines .
Seventy - five percent of evangelical white Protestants say gay marriage should be illegal , and 68 percent feel that way strongly .
Similarly , 83 percent of conservative Republicans are opposed , 73 percent strongly .
Among all conservatives regardless of political affiliation , 66 percent are opposed .
Across the spectrum , 75 percent of secular Americans favor gay marriage , 55 percent strongly ; so do 71 percent of liberal Democrats , 57 percent strongly ; and 71 percent of all liberals , 54 percent strongly .
Among all Democrats , 62 percent are in favor ; among all Republicans , 74 percent are opposed .
The middle makes a significant difference : Fifty - four percent of moderates and 52 percent of independents now favor gay marriage , up from 38 and 44 percent , respectively , in 2006 .
But the single biggest shift has come among moderate and conservative Democrats : in 2006 , just 30 percent in this group said gay marriage should be legal .
Today it 's 57 percent .
One other very pronounced difference is by age : Sixty - six percent of adults under age 30 support gay marriage .
That drops to 48 percent of adults age 30 to 64 – and plummets to just 28 percent among senior citizens .
Here 's a thumbnail of current views on more of these issues :
POT - Support for legalizing small amounts of marijuana for personal use is nearly twice as high among young adults ( 57 percent of those under 30 ) as seniors ( 30 percent ) , with middle - aged Americans split about evenly .
Nearly six in 10 liberals like the idea ; just 36 percent of conservatives agree .
Politically , more independents are in favor ( 53 - 44 percent ) , Democrats divide evenly and Republicans broadly are opposed , 28 - 69 percent .
Support 's highest of all among people who express no religious preference , 70 percent ; and lowest among evangelical white Protestants , 24 percent .
GREENHOUSE –
While majorities across the board support government regulation of greenhouse gases , it peaks among liberals ( 88 percent ) and under 30s ( 80 percent ) , vs. 61 percent of conservatives and 64 percent of seniors .
Support also ranges from 85 percent of Democrats , 65 percent " strongly , " to 64 percent of Republicans , 39 percent strongly .
Concern about its cost is broader , and stronger , among those who'd presumably be hit hardest -- lower - income adults .
IMMIGRATION –
In another difference by age , 85 percent of senior citizens say the U.S. is n't doing enough to keep illegal immigrants from coming into the country ; that eases to a still - substantial 65 percent of under 30s .
And support for a path to citizenship for illegals is 31 points higher among under 30s than it is among seniors , 73 percent vs. 42 percent .
Seven in 10 liberals and 68 percent of Democrats support an amnesty program .
But so do majorities of Republicans and independents ( 59 percent in both cases ) , moderates ( 63 percent ) and conservatives ( 56 percent ) alike .
Gun Control , Torture and Cuba
GUNS – Six in 10 women and seven in 10 African - Americans favor stricter gun laws ; that falls to 41 percent of men and 47 percent of whites ; women and blacks also are much more apt to think such laws will reduce crime , while men and whites are more likely to see enforcement of existing laws as preferable to passing new ones .
As noted , there are vast partisan gaps in views of gun control , as well as ideological ones .
TORTURE – About two - thirds of Democrats ( 65 percent ) and liberals ( 67 percent ) alike support Obama 's blanket ban on torture , while only three in 10 Republicans ( 30 percent ) and conservatives ( 31 percent ) agree .
There 's greater division in the political center : Moderates are in favor of the ban by 56 - 41 percent ; independents less supportive , 45 - 52 percent .
Women oppose torture in all cases , 56 - 42 percent , while views among men are exactly the reverse , 42 - 56 percent .
CUBA – On Cuba the biggest gaps again are political and ideological .
Support for establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba peaks among liberal Democrats at 84 percent , and falls to half as many conservative Republicans , 42 percent .
METHODOLOGY – This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone April 21 - 24 , 2009 , among a random national sample of 1,072 adults , including landline and cell - phone - only respondents and an oversample of African - Americans ( weighted to their correct share of the national population ) .
Results for the full sample have a 3 - point error margin ; click here for a detailed description of sampling error .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
Sir Alan should watch his back .
In the teeth of financial meltdown , in bunkers , car - parks , studios and squats all over the country , there 's a host of young artistic entrepreneurs applying some savvy creative thinking to their businesses .
These twenty - and thirtysomethings are setting up everything from magazines to club nights , record labels to pop -up exhibitions , websites to new performance spaces .
Dominic Flannigan and Martyn Flyn founded the LuckyMe label and collective to build up a hip - hop scene in the traditional dance and art - rock hub of Glasgow ; Todd Selby realised everyone likes to nose around other people 's houses so set up a website showcasing his photographs of the homes and workspaces of the world 's coolest scenesters ; and Bompas & Parr jumped on a niche market in jelly ( what else ? ) to create must - have architectural wonders out of gelatinous goo .
The new art - business model often involves doing more than one thing at once , too , and often on a shoestring budget .
Discordo runs clubs in London and Southend at the same time as designing the Horrors ' artwork ; Hilary Rose Crisp manages her own galleries in both London and LA ; and Sharmadean Reid is currently expanding the brand of her super - cool magazine WAH to set up a nail bar in Dalston , north - east London .
They 've all just been named in a list of the world 's most inspiring creative entrepreneurs drawn up by Dazed & Confused magazine .
Also on the list are Matthew Stone for his work on The Centre of the Universe , a " nomadic art space " , which pops up and hosts salons , exhibitions and events for up - and - coming artists in unexpected urban areas all over London and Hannah Barry whose lo-fi gallery in Peckham has moved from humble beginnings in a manor - house squat and sculpture shows in a multi-story car park to a pavilion at the heart of the art world at the 53rd Venice Biennale earlier this month .
In October last year , as the credit crunch was bedding in , Stone , Barry and their small but perfectly formed group of young artists and curators put on a show in a dilapidated warehouse in the grimiest corner of a run-down estate in Peckham , south London .
The show 's name ?
Optimism .
The future 's bright .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Bompas & Parr
A vaporous " walk - in gin and tonic " , a giant Victorian breakfast , and the world 's first glow - in - the - dark jelly are among the experiments to emerge from the studios of Bompas and Parr , a London duo who " operate in the space between food and architecture " .
The former school friends , 25 and 26 years old respectively , were inspired by jelly .
" We wanted to do something fun with jelly at Borough Market , " explains Harry Parr , " but we could n't afford any moulds , so we decided to make our own . "
Two years on , and commissions from the likes of Disney and Selfridges help support some of their wilder ideas .
" We 're always pushing the boundaries . "
jellymongers.co.uk
Alex Turvey
Obsessed with anatomy , human - animal hybrids , masks , melancholia and the macabre , artist Alex Turvey creates unsettling glitter - filled dreamscapes full of fuzzy - felt characters , bones and human organs , combining live - action with animation to produce his stunning videos for projects with Polydor Records , Ford , MTV , Topshop , Budweiser and Nike .
Channel 4 picked up on his enchanting aesthetic for idents before he even graduated and he has won wide recognition for his TV commercial work and music videos – for Bright Eyes and Grizzly Bear among others .
" Budgets are certainly being cut , and we 're all affected , " he says .
" On the bright side , however , it does leave more time for self - initiated fun , and having always grappled with tiny budgets , I 'm used to working on a shoestring . "
alexturvey.com
Petra Storrs
Paloma Faith , MGMT and Telepathe are just a few of the artists who have fallen for the DIY aesthetic of 26 - year - old designer Petra Storrs ( whose portrait of Paloma Faith features on the cover of this issue ) .
" Lots of things I use in my work are found on the streets around my house , " she says .
Storr often chooses to work in paper because of its immediacy , finding it to be " almost like a blueprint of how you might really make something if you developed it in another material " .
She has directed music videos for Florence and the Machine , Friendly Fires and Emiliana Torrini and has designed elaborate , flamboyant stage costumes for Faith and Patrick Wolf .
petrastorrs.com
Sharmadean Reid
Stylist and publisher of ' WAH Magazine ' , Sharmadean Reid , is a multi- tasking phenomenon , and she 's only 24 years old .
" We live in an era where DIY is made even easier with home technology , " she says .
" I started ' WAH ' because I want to inspire and educate girls . "
Next step is the opening of Wah Nails , a nail salon in London .
" People are n't gonna throw money at any ideas these days , you really have to rise above the rest .
Plus rent is cheap on creative spaces at the moment .
Apparently , there are plans to make abandoned shops into gallery spaces .
That can only be a good thing .
Maybe it will make us like Berlin or something ... "
wah-magazine.com
Catherine Borra
Catherine Borra is one of the beautiful minds behind The Centre of the Universe – a nomadic art space that the 23 - year - old founded and runs alongside Matthew Stone and four others .
She is also the woman behind Supercream , an online platform for producing art - related projects and ideas .
" Both Supercream and the Centre of the Universe are independent organisations , so in our own way we have profited from the recession .
Ground zero is always an exciting place to be in , it 's very free . "
supercream.org.uk
Gary Card
" I come from a theatre design education so there 's a certain amount of fantasy and drama in what I make , " says fantastical set / prop designer and illustrator Gary Card .
" I try to bring ideas that you would n't normally find in a fashion story . "
Card 's truly inventive design work extends to making playful puppets for Uniqlo , creating shop window displays for Stella McCartney and 80s - style toys that reference his childhood .
The 27 - year - old makes everything by hand in his kitchen in Hackney , then places it in front of the camera to be photographed .
garycardiology .
blogspot.com / clmus.com
LuckyMe
Twenty - five - year - old Dominic Flannigan is the co-founder ( alongside Martyn Flyn ) and art director of LuckyMe , the Glasgow record label and artist " coolective " responsible for the UK 's best young electronic hip - hop producers .
Their roster includes Hudson Mohawke and Flannigan 's own group with Flyn , The Blessings .
They started in 2002 with a dream of running a hip - hop group " in a place not on the map for hip - hop " .
In 2007 , they set up the record label , collective and website .
" We are a mixture of cocky swagger and honesty , " says Flannigan .
" I can't help think that we 're contributing to a new Beat movement . "
thisisluckyme.com
Merok Records
When he's not triggering distorted samples as part of The Big Pink , Milo Cordell runs Merok Records , the label that introduced Crystal Castles ' madness to Europe and released " Atlantis To Interzone " by Klaxons .
" I 've always been inspired by labels with a strong sense of ambition and DIY , " he says .
" Merok is literally just a representation of my taste . "
myspace.com/merok
Hilary Rose Crisp
The only other gallery apart from Hilary Rose Crisp 's small and sweet space to have a toehold in both London and Los Angeles is Gagosian – the largest gallery in the world .
Art is in the 27 - year - old 's blood .
" My grandfather hustled art to feed his family , " she says .
" My mother paid her divorce lawyer in landscape paintings of Laguna Beach . "
After working in LA 's Ace Gallery , Crisp started a project space called PawnShop , which gained her name when she opened her second space in London 's Fitzrovia , repping hot young artists like Nico Vascellari and George Young .
" I want to demystify gallery practices , " she explains .
" Exhibiting and looking at art is quite a natural thing .
It should n't be an enigma . "
crisplondonlosangeles.com
The Selby
Dubbed the " Horst of the hip set " by ' The New York Times ' , American photographer Todd Selby has witnessed his website , theselby.com , which showcases the homes and workspaces of friends and creatives around the globe – from Peaches Geldof 's Brooklyn pad to Michael Stipe 's Tribeca loft – become a much - talked about exhibition at Colette and a book , due out in 2010 .
" I had been a portrait and fashion photographer for eight years previously , " he says .
" I wanted to do a photo project where I could present my work directly to people on the internet . "
But even he 's surprised by how it 's snowballed .
" I guess that when someone works on a project that taps into an innate human characteristic , such as nosiness and curiosity , it can be pretty appealing . "
theselby.com
Deano Jo
Deano
Jo is the unspoken ruler of the growing art empire Real Gold – a collective of young artists , photographers , writers , musicians and promoters who are renowned for putting on some of the best parties in London .
In its three years , Real Gold has also launched the satirical cult publication ' FUN Magazine ' , and released a record by the blues band The Train Chronicles .
" What I really want to do is create something permanent , " says the 23 - year - old .
" Our ambition with Real Gold is to spotlight all the things we love through print , releases and parties , while maintaining a really strong sense of community . "
wearerealgold.com
Dalston Superstore
In addition to throwing some of the coolest parties in London , Dan Beaumont of Disco Bloodbath has made the bold move of opening up a café / bar / gallery in the heart of Dalston ( together with Mikki Most and Dan Pope of Trailer Trash ) .
" We 're not following the normal template of opening bars , " says Beaumont .
" I do n't think there 's anywhere else quite like it . "
TBW Books
As the publishing crisis spreads to all four corners of the book world , Paul Schiek is forging ahead with an idea that is keeping his independent photography book publisher , TBW Books , afloat .
He produces limited - edition , subscription - only book series that hand creative control to the photographers , who are both cult ( Todd Hido , Alec Soth ) and almost unheard of ( Marianne Mueller , Abner Nolan ) .
tbwbooks.com
Hannah Barry
The 25 - year - old gallery owner Hannah Barry turned her industrial living space in Peckham into her own gallery back in 2006 .
Now she has 30 artists under her wing , has established Bold Tendencies – an annual group show of sculpture – and put on her first international show at Venice Biennale this year .
" A friend once told me that it was important to relax into chaos , " she says .
" Another friend always tells me to hold my nerve .
I try to achieve a combination of the two . "
hannahbarry.com
Discordo
" Coming from Southend has been a big factor in my motivation , " explains creative wunderkind Ciaran O'Shea .
" If you want something done , you have to make it happen yourself . "
The 27 - year - old set up the raucous Junkclub in his hometown , and running London 's Experimental Circle Club , while also releasing records by Ipso Facto and Ulterior on his DiscError imprint .
That would be more than enough for most , but O'Shea 's true love is design and , under the alias of Discordo , he creates artwork for The Horrors and These New Puritans . "
discordo.co.uk
For more creative entrepreneurs , see this month 's issue of ' Dazed and Confused ' , out now .
To read more in - depth profiles of these and other young creative entrepreneurs , visit dazeddigital.com
A late arrival to the crowded space of web - based to - do lists , Gmail Tasks has graduated from experimental status and is now available to all users by default .
Should you start moving your to - do's into Gmail Tasks ?
Short answer :
Not yet .
Advertisement
What Gmail Tasks Does n't Have
You 're all hot and heavy to jump onto the Gmail Tasks wagon because there 's that Tasks link , beckoning all sexy - like from your Gmail sidebar below Contacts .
Cool yourself off with this bucket of cold water .
Advertisement
Right now , Gmail Tasks does NOT have many basic features you 'd expect of a computer - based to - do list ( and hell , a modern webapp ) , such as :
Task priority ( or sorting by anything other than due date )
Recurring tasks
Reminders
Search ( Search ! )
Tags ( sorry GTDers , no contexts for you )
Import , export , backup , or any way to get your data in or out easily
Sync to iPhone / Outlook / Android / BlackBerry
Sharing or collaboration
In October of 2007 , Remember the Milk had all these features and more .
Get Organized with Remember the Milk
It 's no wonder the majority of Lifehacker readers voted Remember the Milk the best web - based task Read more
Advertisement
Update :
You can " import " tasks that you have in a plain text file , one task per line , by copying them and pasting them into a Gmail Tasks list .
Thanks monsterblues !
Gmail Tasks ' Competitive Edge : Tight Gmail and GCal Integration ( Plus Some )
But even with all those missing pieces , diehard Gmailers and Google Calendar users will love Gmail Tasks ' solid integration with both products .
With your to - do's in Gmail Tasks , you can :
Advertisement
Turn any Gmail message into a task with a key combination .
This is huge : you get an email request from the boss , and instead of having to enter a new item in your to - do list by hand , from the More Actions menu choose " Add to Tasks . "
( Keyboard aficionados with shortcuts enabled can just tap Shift + T. )
This works if you select multiple messages as well .
Advertisement
View and check off items on your Google Calendar .
If you click on the Tasks link in your Google Calendar , you 'll get a new Tasks calendar added to GCal .
Tasks with a due date show up there with a completion checkbox .
So on any given day , you can choose your MIT 's , schedule them , and check them off as you do them from your calendar .
You can move tasks around on your calendar to update the item 's due date , too .
Your Gmail Tasks list also shows up on the right hand sidebar of your GCal .
The bad news : Gmail Task " events " do n't have reminder support .
So even though your Tasks have a due date and GCal supports IM , SMS and email reminders , Gmail Tasks does not yet fire off reminders — major bummer .
Advertisement
Put your task list on your iGoogle page .
Another nice bit of integration for iGoogle users is the Tasks iGoogle gadget .
Add it to your iGoogle page to manage Tasks from there the same way you can in Gmail and GCal .
Advertisement
This quick video from Google demo's the highlights of Gmail Tasks :
What Else Gmail Tasks Got Right
Despite the laundry list of features Gmail Tasks is missing , there are a few nice things that it does get right even at this fetal stage .
Advertisement
Hierarchical task lists is the main feature that sets Gmail Tasks apart from Remember the Milk in particular .
When entering a task , just hit the Tab key to indent it under the task above it .
This is incredibly helpful for projects with multiple steps involved .
If you check off the parent task ?
All the subtasks get marked as completed as well .
Advertisement
As an infrequent chatter , I find Tasks ' Google Chat - like pop in / pop out window a bit awkward .
Beyond that , Gmail Tasks ' interface is very slick and barely requires the mouse to navigate .
Just hit the Enter key to move onto the next task , Backspace to go back up a line , Tab to indent a task and Shift + Tab to unindent .
Use Ctrl + Up and Ctrl + Down to move an item on the list .
Start your task with a date to automatically assign a due date , like " 7/15 Finalize Lifehacker post . "
Advertisement
While Gmail Tasks does n't support tags or folders , it does offer multiple lists .
Hit the " New list " link to create one , and you can easily move a task from one list to the next in its details pane .
Advertisement
While there are n't any native Gmail Task applications , smartphones with a modern web browser can load up the Tasks mobile version .
Go to http://gmail.com/tasks in your phone 's web browser to access Tasks .
Google Apps users should hit up http://mail.google.com/tasks/a/your_domain, and replace ' your_domain ' with your actual domain name .
i Phone users , if you add the Tasks bookmark to your home screen , you 'll get a good - looking check icon along with it .
Advertisement
Paper lovers will like the printable version of a Gmail Tasks list .
There 's also sorting by due date , slick drag and drop reordering ( parent tasks take all their subtasks with them too , which is nice ) , and the ability to clear or view completed tasks as well .
The Major Missing Link : A Tasks API
Sure , Gmail Tasks just became a legitimate member of the Google Apps family , but OMG IT NEEDS AN API SO BAD IT HURTS .
Advertisement
Productivity - minded Google lovers everywhere can dream about Gmail Tasks mobile apps , desktop apps , integration with their other favorite webapps , Adobe Air apps , gadgets , widgets , and feeds till the cows come home — but it ai n't gonna happen till Google offers a Gmail Tasks API .
Once third - party developers can make Gmail Tasks do the things it currently does n't with an API , this will be a much more viable product .
Photo by PJLewis .
Advertisement
Now that they 've got an official to - do list app , the Gmail / Google Cal combination is just notes short of a full Microsoft Outlook replacement .
But like Gmail 's Contacts management , Gmail Tasks feels half - baked at best .
If Google makes good on its promise of " more on the way for Tasks , " coupled with its hard - to - resist Gmail and GCal integration , in a year or so this could be the to - do webapp to beat .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , might throw a party when Google releases a Tasks API .
Her weekly feature , Smarterware , appears every Wednesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Smarterware tag feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
« previous post | next post »
The opening sentence of George F. Will 's latest column ( " Have We Got a Deal for You " , 6/7/2009 ) :
" I , " said the president , who is inordinately fond of the first - person singular pronoun , " want to disabuse people of this notion that somehow we enjoy meddling in the private sector . "
This echoes J.B.S. Haldane 's quip that the creator , if he exists , must be inordinately fond of beetles ; and Will , like Haldane , is presumably proposing an inference about someone 's preferences from his actions , not reporting a direct emotional revelation .
So , since I 'm one of those narrow - minded fundamentalists who believe that statements can be true or false , and that we should care about the difference , I decided to check .
( On Will , not Haldane . )
I took the transcript of Obama 's first press conference ( from 2/9/2009 ) , and found that he used ' I ' 163 times in 7,775 total words , for a rate of 2.10 % .
He also used ' me ' 8 times and ' my ' 35 times , for a total first - person singular pronoun count of 206 in 7,775 words , or a rate of 2.65 % .
For comparison , I took George W. Bush 's first two solo press conferences as president ( from 2/22/2001 and 3/29/2001 ) , and found that W used ' I ' 239 times in 6,681 total words , for a rate of 3.58 % — a rate 72 % higher than Obama 's rate .
President Bush also used ' me ' 26 times , ' my ' 31 times , and ' myself ' 4 times , for a total first - person singular pronoun count of 300 in 6,681 words , or a rate of 4.49 % ( 59 % higher than Obama ) .
For a third data point , I took William J. Clinton 's first two solo press conferences as president ( from 1/29/1993 and 3/23/1993 ) , and found that he used ' I ' 218 times , ' me ' 34 times , ' my ' 22 times , and ' myself ' once , in 6,935 total words .
That 's a total of 275 first - person singular pronouns , and a rate of 3.14 % for ' I ' ( 51 % higher than Obama ) , and 3.87 % for first - person singular pronouns overall ( 50 % higher than Obama ) .
This comparison suggests that George W. Bush , in his early press conferences , used first - person singular pronouns about 60 - 70 % more often than Barack Obama did , while Bill Clinton , in the comparable events , used first - person singular pronouns about 50 % more often than Obama did .
This whole exercise , by the way , took me about 45 minutes from conception to posting .
Now , maybe there 's some selection of Obama 's interactions where his use of the first person singular pronoun is higher than expected for someone in his circumstances .
Alternatively , maybe George F .
Will is a bullshitter , who does n't bother even to ask one of his interns to check whether the alleged " facts " in his columns are true or false .
We report , you decide .
[ Update : Simon Spero , in the comments below , notes that Will may have been inspired by a recent column ( " I , Barack Obama " ) by Terence Jeffrey , which does actually count pronouns in an Obama speech .
As Simon points out , though , Jeffrey does n't compare Obama 's rate of I - usage with anyone else 's ; and in fact , Simon counts 40 first - person singular pronouns in 2376 words , for a rate of 1.7 % .
When I do it , I get 42 first - person singular pronouns in 2423 words , which is also 1.7 % , rounded to one decimal place .
Either way , the rate is even lower than the rate noted above for Obama , and well under half the rate noted for George W. Bush . ]
[ Update # 2 — More here , on Stanley Fish 's version of the same concept : " Obama 's Imperial ' I ' : Spreading the meme " .
And a bit more on presidential first - person plural pronouns here ; and a deeper analysis of Fish 's " Royal we " view of Obama 's inaugural here ; and another pundit joins the pack here . ]
Permalink
The Triple J radio partner of comic John Safran , Father Bob Maguire , is not surprised the 33 - year - old has had himself nailed to the cross in a Good Friday ceremony in the Philippines .
It 's been reported that Safran , who identified himself as John Michael from Melbourne , joined three local men and one woman in being nailed to wooden crosses in Kapitangan town , just outside Manila .
Australian ' John Michael ' has his hands nailed to the cross in an imitation of Christ 's death as part of Good Friday rituals just outside Manila .
Credit: AFP
Father Bob , who at first had no comment to make about his regular Sunday night radio partner , said Safran would have volunteered to be nailed to the cross in an effort to get a " forensic " insight into religious practices .
" He would not have done it contemptuously , " Father Bob told AAP .
Is there a point at which the Home Office has been so debased that it has to be officially downgraded from one of the " great ­offices of state " ?
At the present rate , it must be close to being relegated to some fifth - tier ­department of the sort one would n't mind putting Geoff Hoon in charge of .
This week , the Home Office Players have brought you the continuing Gurkhas fiasco , the news that it was to retain the genetic profiles of innocents on its DNA database , and the list of no -marks it is banning from entering the UK even if they do n't want to come .
The troupe of farceurs includes Phil Woolas , whose turn as Joanna Lumley 's ventriloquist 's dummy on Thursday was so hilarious that it cannot be long before he is offered a summer season in Bridlington .
And it is headed up by dear old Jacqui Smith , who took a while to emerge as the Brown government 's breakout halfwit , but has been making up for it ever since with a series of blunders so blatant that you could be forgiven for assuming she is in the pay of a far - east betting syndicate .
But oh , that list !
It somehow ­contrived to characterise the department 's entire ethos , combining an intellectually bankrupt token gesture with a monstrous insult to its own citizens , whom it evidently deems too thick to dismiss these people as poisonous fools .
Even more typically , it embodied the retreat into lobotomised political correctness , taking care to ensure that white folks such as the American shock jock Michael Savage were included to demonstrate balance .
The balance point is almost beyond parody .
I mean , as a woman , I cannot believe that in 2009 we are still seeing all - male shortlists of people the home secretary would n't fancy a pint with .
Where 's Chemical Sally – or Huda Ammash , as she was known outside the Washington DC universe , where her superpower was anthrax ?
Last heard of living in Jordan , Chemical Sally 's ­holiday plans are unknown .
But the point is , would we want her here , ­Jacqui , gadding about the Lake District as though she were born to it ?
Or consider those frightful little blonde twins who were on a Louis Theroux documentary a few years back , whose apple - pie prettiness is complemented by a distinctly lively catalogue of white nationalist songs .
A sort of ­neo - Nazi version of the Olsen twins , their band is called Prussian Blue , and its fans simply laps up hits like Aryan Man Awake .
One can only assume that hateful women are still held back by a glass ceiling , because there are plenty of ladies who could make the cut on this preposterous list if its compilers had been blessed with a slightly more ­lavish research budget .
Then again , they did put the hours in .
When the list was greeted with disbelief and ridicule , Home Office drones were required to expend civil service time trawling the internet for offensive statements
Savage had made , at the same time as emphasising that six names could n't be released " for national security reasons " .
Five Pakistani students and David Icke , then .
If you can judge anything by its ­enemies , this list is just another ­testament to the pathetic smallness of the UK under New Labour .
You'd think they'd have clicked by now that virtually everyone against whom they set themselves is ­desperately , delightedly grateful for the attention .
Once again , let 's revisit the adage about dealing with people such as Michael Savage or Abu Hamza , or any of the other pygmies we 've been ordered to fixate upon in recent times .
" Never fight with a pig , " this runs .
" You both get dirty but the pig enjoys it . "
Hamza used to hold his hook up so photographers could get both that central casting appendage and his mad milky eye in the same shot .
Why ?
Because he was a professional , a one - take pantomime villain .
Just like Savage , who is now pledging to sue the government using our anti-free speech laws , the absence of which in his US homeland is the only thing that allows him to earn his crust .
And because of that other ­unedifying British accolade – our status as the libel capital of the world – he will probably win .
Yet this chap who was born Mr Weiner is nothing but a silly ­little sausage whom we have now edified to the status of international supervillain , much in the manner we insist on referring to idiotic and incompetent would - be murderers as " terrorists " , an honorific even Margaret Thatcher was always studious not to apply to the IRA .
Still , confected bogeymen come and go , and there 'll be another one along in a minute .
The real scandal , of course , which will endure long after Jacqui Smith has been freed up to spend more time with her bathplugs , is the retention of innocents ' DNA in a flagrant sidestepping of a European human rights ruling .
It 's customary when decrying the DNA database to focus on what would happen should such potent material fall into the wrong hands .
This week , we surely reached the point at which even the most slavishly deferential can concur that the very hands in which it currently resides are the wrong hands .
How much wronger their hands can get , only time will show .
But on current form , rule nothing bar competence out .
Welcome To TK's User Page .
I am An Administrator Of Conservapedia .
Please Post Any Messages On My Talk Page .
You Can IM @ Terry.92270 on Google Chat .
Email Through the Wiki Using the Link to the Left , or at tfk92270@hotmail.com , If You Need Help Or Assistance .
“ " Sometimes you can only look for answers from God and failing that ... Fox News " -- Denny Crane ”
“ It has always been the prerogative of children and half - wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes .
But the half - wit remains a half - wit , and the emperor remains an emperor .
- Neil Gaiman ”
“ An unguided evolutionary process - one that falls outside the bounds of divine providence - simply cannot exist . ”
My Wikipedia Talk Page is here .
Do not contact me there about CP .
Sarah Palin Facts
User TK 36,000
This user has made over 36,000 edits to Conservapedia Template : User exSysop
This user supports Aschlafly as the rightful leader of Conservapedia .
This user is proud to be an American citizen .
This user has accepted Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior .
This user is Denny Crane .
This user is Catholic
This user believes that caffeine is necessary in large doses daily .
Putin (! ) is watching YOU ... always watching .
Over 9,000 pages watched not counting talk pages .
I have been editing Conservapedia since March 13 , 2007 .
My Blocking Policy :
True wikis have simple , clear rules .
Otherwise it is a mobocracy and Conservapedia and its Founder has explicitly rejected mob rule , and has Administrators to suggest / implement its policies .
A person who stops by merely to ridicule and denigrate others scholarly efforts , without at least trying to make positive contributions to this project , cannot have a " point " other than to disrupt and waste the time of sincere contributors and Administrators .
If a person comes to Conservapedia knowing full well it is a conservative / Christian friendly wiki - encyclopedia , and is a liberal , the question is why ?
If the answer is they support Andy Schlafly 's idea of intellectual freedom , of a Conservative & Christian - friendly alternative to the decidedly left - of - center , editor dominated Wikipedia , that 's great !
All voices should be represented on the Net .
But if their intentions are merely to argue and dispute Conservative or Christian points of view , that becomes a form of vandalism , inasmuch as it is a great time waster and distraction for those who genuinely want to contribute , and build this encyclopedia .
Those who obsessively create new user names , only to argue against our values , and do not make an effort to substantially contribute , are actually terrorists of the Internet kind .
What other reason would they have to stick around , arguing and wasting our time ?
Any board or wiki has the absolute right of free association .
I am not for truncating free speech automatically , but after days or weeks of disputing everything , knowing you are not going to change CP into Wikipedia 's more liberal world - view , or have CP adopt Wikipedia 's member conventions , a person 's efforts then cross over into something more ; " Internet Terrorism " .
CP has an owner , it is his right to have whatever viewpoint he wants .
If people agree , with even a part , they stick around and help build this place .
If they do n't , what other reason , other than being obstinate or having malicious intent , could they have ?
Disagreement is fine , debate is good .
But where does it end , and the ability of like - minded individuals to associate with those they agree with , without argument without end begin ?
So if you find yourself blocked by me , please re-read this .
If after doing so you feel you have made positive , non - talk edits and article improvements , email me using the link to the left , or the information at the top of this page .
Do n't expect an answer if I check and find no such positive contributions .
Direct From The Horses Mouth
What do you mean -- plagiarism ?
Plagiarism means taking false personal credit for academic gain , which is not at issue here .
Nobody is gaining any academic credit for their writing at CP .
RJJensen 00:11 , 17 January 2010 ( EST )
Two points : 1 ) it is not intellectually dishonest unless you claim personal academic credit .
Look at most textbooks , for example and note that footnotes and other credits to sources are rare .
2 ) We do a good job in providing bibliographies and footnotes .
RJJensen 17:39 , 17 January 2010 ( EST ) [ 2 ]
Read about " Reconstructing American History " here .
I would rather see a sermon , than hear one any day .
I would rather that one should walk with me , than merely show the way .
For the eye is a better pupil , and more willing than the ear ;
Fine counsel is oft confusing , but the example is always clear !
PORK BULGOGI
Total Time : 40 Minutes
This is really good .
Boston butt is also called pork shoulder roast .
It is the cut that includes the shoulder blade , can be bone it or boneless .
This was a very popular item .
RECIPE INGREDIENTS
1 Boston butt pork roast , sliced wafer thin 4 tablespoons soy sauce 2 tablespoons sugar 2 tablespoons sesame oil 1 / 4 teaspoon ground black pepper 6 cloves garlic , crushed 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger 2 tablespoons sake or dry sherry 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes or to taste 2 white onions , quartered into 8ths 2 Green Bell Peppers , cut into 1 / 2 inch strips toasted sesame seeds to sprinkle over the meat for garnish peanut oil - for frying
DIRECTIONS
Mix all ingredients except peanut oil and toasted sesame seeds .
Set aside for a few minutes to marinate .
Heat oil in wok or large skillet .
Heat oil , add pork and marinade mixture and stir fry until the meat is no longer pink .
I usually do it in three batches and it takes about 7 - 8 minute per batch .
When it is all cooked , return all of it to the skillet or wok , cover and let steam for a few more minutes .
Serve with steamed medium grain rice or fried rice .
Garnish with toasted sesame seeds .
Note :
In warm weather and with a small mesh grill , they can be grilled .
A little more work but even better .
Keep turning and do not allow them to brown on the grill .
MiscBalloon !
User:TK/monobook.js
Contest
TK's November Contest Stats
User:TK / contest
Alexa and board stats
Conservapedia stats : here
Top 100 articles at Conservapedia Top 100 .
Top 200 articles at Conservapedia Top 200 .
Thousands of Twits are signing Twititions about the O2 and AT&T deals offered to people who want to trade up to a new iPhone 3G S
Apple announced a new iPhone 3G S on Monday , which created a problem for people who already had an iPhone 3G but who really need the new features , or whose lives are hopelessly incomplete unless they can flash the latest shiny shiny gadget .
Well , it was O2's fault , really .
The phone company decided that people who wanted to upgrade would have to buy out their existing contract .
In other words , it was offering " business as usual " rather than doing them a special deal .
Steve Alder , general manager of devices for O2 UK , told TechRadar :
" Having subsidised much ( or all -- depending on tariff ) of the price of a customer 's iPhone 3G , we simply cannot justify invalidating that contract and subsidise a second device for the same customer .
" Much as we understand the desire of many customers to have the latest version , this would be a loss making deal for O2 and would be a distinct set of business terms for iPhone customers that do n't apply to our other customers . "
In fact , O2 did do a cut - price deal for iPhone users when the iPhone 3G came out , and it will do an iPhone 3G upgrade on its usual terms .
The problem is that O2's early upgrade programme is only for people who are 6 months or less from the end of their contracts .
The obvious solution , of course , is for O2 to offer iPhones on an annual contract basis , based on the assumption that Apple is going to introduce a new model every year .
At the moment , for some buyers , the contract is longer than the useful life of the iPhone .
Some Twitter users ( eg me ) have seen rather a lot of pleas to sign an online petition or Twitition ( how twee ! ) that says " we the undersigned petition O2 to offer reasonable iPhone 3GS upgrade and tethering # o2 fail " .
It has 3,902 signatures at the time of writing .
There 's a parallel petition that says : " we the undersigned petition AT&T to offer reasonable iPhone 3GS upgrade prices " with 3,999 signatures .
Or twignatures .
But as the LA Times says : " In the name of fairness , it should be noted that this movement comprises a vanishingly small fraction of iPhone 3G owners .
The company has sold more than 15 million of the second - generation devices since their release last summer . "
My own view , expressed here several times since 2003 , is that it should be illegal to subsidise handset sales , as it is in South Korea .
The mobile phone market would be a lot healthier if people knew how much heir handsets cost , and bought what they were willing to pay for , and if phone networks had to compete on the price of minutes and the quality of their service .
The current system distorts competition in both areas .
AP
THE poorest country in Europe is used to being neglected by the rest of the world .
But protests against vote rigging in elections held on Sunday April 5th brought Moldova some attention this week .
In the past few days youthful demonstrators , who were organised via Twitter and other social - networking sites , stormed parliament and the presidential offices in the capital city , Chisinau .
Some threw rocks , broke windows and started fires .
As the police belatedly tried to restore order , scores were injured and one person died .
Nearly 200 people had been arrested by Wednesday .
Amid allegations of foreign mischief - making , Moldova expelled the Romanian ambassador .
The immediate issue is the election result , in which the ruling Communists won a majority in the single - chamber parliament .
The election was declared fair by outside monitors , who assessed what happened on the day , but the composition of electoral registers looks dodgy , as does the overwhelming support that the Communists enjoyed from the main media .
The protesters are loosely tied to established opposition parties .
They are cross about the election and even more annoyed by the outgoing president , Vladimir Voronin .
Mr Voronin has stated that , although he would step down in accordance with the constitution 's term limit , he would stay in politics as a “ Moldovan Deng Xiaoping ” .
That seemed to suggest no change from the economic and strategic failures of the past two decades , which have seen Moldova 's 4 m population languish in a geopolitical limbo between Russia and the European Union .
Most Moldovans favour Europe but the political elite , mainly Soviet - trained and Russian - speaking , has found it hard to break old ties and habits .
Mr Voronin has wobbled in both directions .
Of late he has seemed to favour ties with Moscow , chiefly because a deal with the Kremlin seems to offer the only hope of solving the frozen conflict with the self - declared state of Transdniestria .
This densely populated and industrialised sliver of land on the eastern bank of the Dniester river has maintained an unrecognised independence since a brief civil war that finished with Russian intervention in 1992 .
Western attempts to resolve that debilitating impasse have got nowhere , whereas Russia has kept up a stream of initiatives .
With decent leadership and goodwill on all sides , it would be possible to have friendly relations with both Russia and the EU .
But Moldova 's leaders have ended up with the worst of both worlds , ignored by the EU and bamboozled by Russia .
The most divisive question is relations with Romania .
The Moldovan Soviet republic , which gained independence in 1991 , was carved out of pre-war Romania in 1940 , as a consequence of the Hitler - Stalin pact ; Transdniestria , always in Russian hands , was bolted on .
Nico Popescu , of the European Council of Foreign Relations , says that demands for closer ties with Romania have strengthened in recent years , as that country 's EU membership has contrasted ever more sharply with Moldova 's status as a “ semi- failed state ” .
As well as EU flags , some protesters this week carried Romanian ones .
That has infuriated the Moldovan authorities .
They find it much easier to fight the bogeyman of Romanian revanchism and chauvinism than defend their own dismal record in office .
Andrei Popov , of the Foreign Policy Association , a Moldova - based think - tank , believes that the authorities may even be exaggerating the pro-Romanian element in the protests in order to discredit the opposition 's wider political demands .
There is little evidence that Romania has made a big effort to undermine Moldova .
Romanian politicians , notably the president , Traian Basescu , have made grandiloquent and tactless statements .
The mutual detestation between him and Mr Voronin is legendary .
One practical Romanian policy has proved controversial : allowing Moldovans with roots in the pre-war Romanian state to apply for passports .
The political upheavals cry out for attention from the EU , which has failed to get to grips with Moldova 's ills .
As with Ukraine 's orange revolution five years ago , it may take a heavyweight outsider to get talks going between entrenched but discredited authorities and an enthusiastic but incoherent opposition .
If Europe cannot solve Moldova 's problems , it is hard to see much future for the trumpeted “ Eastern Partnership ” which is meant to reinvigorate EU policies towards the six ex-Soviet countries on its eastern borders .
The latest in our series of podcast giveaways from the ENO features the orchestra's revival of Anthony Minghella ’s Olivier Award - winning Madam Butterfly as a tribute to the life of the great film director .
Before the 2008 revival , Edward Seckerson talked to Minghella , Judith Howarth ( Madam Butterfly ) and Blind Summit Theatre about the production .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Right - click here and click " Save target / link as ... " to download file
or
Click here to download from iTunes
For more information on the production , and to check performance times , click here .
Copyright ENO 2009
Listen to and download Independent Classical podcasts on iTunes
A great piece of design or illustration can be taken to new heights by having it screen - printed .
The texture and variance of the ink on the paper is beautiful , and the ' happy mistakes ' are delicious .
But this magic is not possible without prepping your artwork .
Let 's learn how !
Introduction
I have previously shown how I generally go about creating an illustration or design , this tutorial is not that .
In this tut I will cover the steps that need to be taken , after the artwork is completed , in - order for it to be ready for screen - printing .
This is not a tutorial on the process of screen printing , if you are unfamiliar with the process please review an additional tutorial .
The basic idea is that the artwork will be separated into different layers of color , and printed one at a time .
A great aspect of this process is that by overlapping the layers you can create additional colors .
This tutorial showcases how I prepare , or separate , the artwork for silkscreen printing .
I should note that there are probably a million variations on this process , and everyone undoubtedly does it a little differently .
I am showing how I go about it .
Final Image Preview
Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial , including this one ?
Join Vector Plus for just 9 $ a month .
A preview of the final image is below .
You can view the large version here .
Step 1
While designing I have already thought about a few main issues .
Mainly , the order the layers will be printed , and how overlaying the colors will work .
For this design I kept the layering as simple as possible so that it was easy to see what I am doing .
The design will have two layers , teal and brown .
First the teal layer will be printed , followed by the brown layer over the top of the teal .
The shadow inside the sleeve of the mans arm is the only area of overlap .
When the teal and brown overlay , it will create the dark brown color .
Step 2a
Most people probably try a few different things and have extra pieces and scrapes around a design , so first I will need to do little tidying up .
While creating this design I redrew the hand and the hair letters saying " work " on the hand ( in black ) .
This will not be used , so delete it .
Step 2 b
From experience I have learned to take that extra second before I start and make a copy of the entire illustration in a new layer , then hide its visibility .
This is just for a backup , but I always end up using it .
Step 3
Since the design is made from so many different shapes , I like to simplifying things .
Here the design is in the Outlines view mode .
You can start to see that the design is made of many different shapes .
This can get messy when trying to print the artwork in layers , as you need to with screen - printing .
So I need to separate the colors into two layers ( the brown and the teal layers ) so that when the layers overlap they do not interfere with each other .
Step 4a
This next step is the basic process that will be repeated throughout this tut , so its important to understand .
It will involve adding or subtracting combinations of shapes using the pathfinder palette .
Suggestion : experiment with every option of this palette .
It 's the easiest way to understand how it works .
I want to combine the two shapes that make up the brown jacket sleeve ( selected in red ) .
Select both shapes .
Step 4 b
Click the Add To Shape Area button while holding the Option key to expand , otherwise you will have to hit the Expand button .
This creates one simplified shape .
Step 5
Next I need to trim the letters of the dashed lines in the suit jacket - the word " GET , " because the shape that covered it before got lost in the previous step .
Go into the backup layer ( " Layer Image 1 Copy " ) and select the brown shape .
Copy the shape ( Command + C ) .
Switch back to the working layer and Paste the shape in - front ( Command + F ) .
Be sure to hide the backup layer and select the working layer ( top layer ) .
Step 6
Select the dashed line shape and the brown jacket sleeve shape .
Holding the option key select Subtract From Shape Area again in the pathfinder palette .
Step 7
Next move the brown shape layer ( jacket sleeve and hair ) layer so that it 's just above the teal background shape .
I noticed there is a white shape that is not needed .
Delete it .
Step 8a
Select the brown jacket shape and paste a copy in back ( Command + B ) .
Select the large teal background shape and select the Subtract From Shape Area button .
Obviously , you know to hold the option button or hit Expand by now so I wont mention it again .
Step 8 b
Now , you need to delete the dashed lines that make up the word " GET , " because it overlaps where you want the paper to show through the brown jacket shape .
Enter the large teal background shape group ( by Double - clicking if your in CS3 ) and delete the dashed lines .
Step 9
Subtract the cream shirt shape with the word " to " written in teal ( the button is the " o " ) in it from the brown jacket shape .
Select the Subtract From Shape Area button in the pathfinder palette , while both shapes are selected .
We are getting super close !
Step 10
Simply select the dark brown inside of the sleeve shape and change the color to the teal shape using the Eye Dropper Tool .
Step 11
Subtract the cream hand shape from the large teal background shape .
Step 12
Select all the teal shapes , using the Magic Wand Tool , and group them ( Command + G ) .
Do the same with the brown shapes and label that the " Brown " layer .
Move the " teal " layer to the position just above the cream paper color and label the layer " Teal . "
Label each layer ( double - click and edit the name of the layer ) and move the " brown " layer above the " teal " layer .
Step 13
Ready to Print !
Feel free to delete the " backup " layer at this point .
In - order to preview how the colors will look when they are screen printed , select the brown layer , and change its blending mode to Multiply .
This mimics what will happen when the brown layer is printed over the teal layer .
Final Image
* Disclaimer :
The colors on screen may vary ( sometimes drastically ) from the color of the final screen print .
Numerous factors can effect the color of the print , such as mixing inks by hand , color of the paper , natural light versus florescent light , etc .
It is not an exact science , but it is beautiful .
The final image is below .
You can view the large version here .
Subscribe to the Vectortuts + RSS
Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles .
CHICAGO  Saying he “ did n’t molt from a hawk into a dove on Jan. 20 , 2009 , ” Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates sharply criticized Congress on Thursday for trying to push more F - 22 fighter jets into the Pentagon budget than he and President Obama say the country needs .
“ If we ca n’t get this right , what on earth can we get right ? ” Mr. Gates said in an acerbic , sometimes withering speech to the Economic Club of Chicago .
“ It is time to draw the line on doing defense business as usual . ”
From his point of view , that means overbuying weapons for wars the nation is unlikely to fight .
Mr. Gates , a Republican who served as defense secretary during the last two years of the George W. Bush administration , is in a standoff with the Senate over the F - 22 , the world ’s most expensive combat plane .
Mr. Gates wants to cap the number at 187 , but last month the Senate Armed Services Committee approved an amendment to set aside $ 1.75 billion for seven more .
To the consternation of the Pentagon and the White House , liberal Democrats like Senators Edward M. Kennedy and John Kerry of Massachusetts have said they support the additional planes , arguing that their production can help preserve jobs in districts across the country .
Also , the professoriate and punditocracy , as Cramer called them , have quieted their calls for bank nationalization , and that , too , is a sign of change in the market .
Plans put in place by Washington , by both the Federal Reserve and Treasury , are resolving the toxic assets weighing on company balance sheets , while stronger banks like JPMorgan Chase are scooping up their ailing peers .
These are all positives that make Monday ’s dip less worrisome than if it had happened six weeks ago .
Another key point , though , is that all the excess inventory that companies once held has been sold off , so new orders should start to rise again .
This has happened across some of the economy ’s most important sectors : housing , autos , computers , even retail .
At least that ’s what recent reports from Intel , Best Buy , Nokia , Corning and others have said .
Add in banks ’ renewed ability to lend , and you have the makings of a new business cycle , which , of course , is crucial for a sustained move higher .
These are the bullish reasons to believe in Cramer ’s long - term thesis .
Days like Monday are , in fact , a part of that general trend higher , not evidence that the theory ’s been disproved .
We are in a recession , after all .
But the possibility of a depression has been taken off the table .
So investors should stay in the game .
Cramer expects more good news to come .
Cramer ’s charitable trust owns JPMorgan Chase .
Questions for Cramer ?
madmoney@cnbc.com
Questions , comments , suggestions for the Mad Money website ?
madcap@cnbc.com
UFC 100 returned home to Las Vegas for its 100th outing with two championship bouts ( Heavyweight and Welterweight ) and a fight between the two coaches of the most recent season of The Ultimate Fighter reality series on Spike TV .
Notably UFC 100 was announced as sold - out even before the tickets were made available to the general public …or not as the case maybe , highlighting the continued popularity of the sport .
Top of the ticket was Brock Lesnar vs Frank Mir .
As always we have the results and video ; if you do n’t want to know the results scroll straight to the video .
UFC 100 Results
– Brock Lesnar defeats Frank Mir via TKO ( Strikes ) in Round Two
– Georges St. Pierre defeats Thiago Alves via Unanimous Decision
– Jon Fitch defeats Paulo Thiago via Unanimous Decision
– Dan Henderson defeats Michael Bisping via Knockout in Round Two
– Yoshihiro Akiyama defeats Alan Belcher via Split Decision
– Mark Coleman defeats Stephan Bonnar via Unanimous Decision
– Jon Jones defeats Jake O’Brien via Submission ( Guillotine Choke ) in Round Two
– Dong Hyun Kim defeats TJ Grant via Unanimous Decision
– Jim Miller defeats Mac Danzig via Unanimous Decision
– Tom Lawlor defeats CB Dolloway via Submission ( Guillotine Choke ) in Round One
– Shannon Gugerty defeats Matt Grice via Submission ( Guillotine Choke ) in Round One
UFC 100 Brock Lesnar vs Frank Mir Video
Making tileable images with Python
Here 's an interesting bit of Python code I hacked together – it's a script that takes an image and warps it so that it is tileable ( making it suitable for a repeating backgound or a texture in a game ) .
If you use it on a photograph , it will come out looking like a fair - ground mirror .
But it works well when applied to a pattern , or something more abstract , such as the fractal image on the left .
The code is public domain – use it for whatever the heck you want !
Example Output
Update :
Here 's another , more interesting example , The original is here .
The Code
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany views events in Iran following its presidential election with great concern and has summoned the Iranian ambassador to explain , Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier said on Sunday .
He also condemned what he called “ brutal actions ” against demonstrators in Tehran which he said were unacceptable .
Thousands of people protested on Saturday after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won victory in an election that his reformist challenger dismissed as a charade .
“ All in all , these are circumstances which have today given me cause to issue the order for the Iranian ambassador to be summoned to the Foreign Ministry , ” Steinmeier told Germany ’s ARD television .
“ I have today , with some European colleagues , already told Iran to immediately make clear whether the election results announced can be taken seriously or not , ” he said .
Germany is one of Iran ’s biggest trading partners and has also taken a lead , along with Britain and France , in trying to persuade Tehran to drop a nuclear program which the West suspects is being used to develop nuclear bombs .
“ We are looking toward Tehran with great concern at the moment .
There are a lot of reports about electoral fraud , ” Steinmeier said in a separate interview with Germany ’s ZDF television .
“ We resolutely condemn the actions against demonstrators .
It is unacceptable , ” he said .
In the ARD interview , he condemned the “ brutal actions ” being taken by the authorities .
Psychiatrists said there was no evidence the treatment worked Plans to promote medical treatment for homosexuality at a religious conference have been criticised by doctors .
The event will hear from prominent American psychologist Dr Joseph Nicolosi who said he had helped many people to become heterosexual .
But the Royal College of Psychiatrists said there was no supporting evidence and such treatment could be damaging .
The two - day conference being held in central London has been organised by the church group Anglican Mainstream .
' Deal of evidence '
Dr Nicolosi said he had been helping people to " increase their heterosexual potential " for 25 years , and put his success rate among men at about two out of three .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said he was offering a choice for people who were unhappy being gay .
While the Church of England said it did not promote such therapies , Anglican Mainstream believed such an approach needed to become more well known .
Dr Nicolosi told BBC
News : " We have a great deal of evidence showing that these individuals are not harmed and that the therapy does work .
" We are petitioning the American Psychiatric Association to look at the scientific data . "
' Prejudice and discrimination ' The Royal College of Psychiatrists ( RCP ) said there was no evidence that the treatment worked , and that it was likely to cause considerable distress .
An RCP spokesman said : " There is no sound scientific evidence that sexual orientation can be changed .
" Furthermore , so - called treatments of homosexuality create a setting in which prejudice and discrimination can flourish . "
The Royal College said the American Psychiatric Association had concluded there was no scientific evidence that homosexuality was a disorder and removed it from its diagnostic glossary of mental disorders in 1973 .
The World Health Organisation 's International Classification of Diseases followed suit in 1992 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While the rest of the division was pulling off deals to make a run at the division or having a fire sale to improve in the near future , the Royals sat on their collection of , pardon the use of the term , talent .
Queue the crickets !
The Detroit Tigers acquired LHP - Jarrod Washburn from the Mariners in exchange for LHP - Luke French and LHP - Mauricio Robles .
For some quick reactions , click here and here .
Not to be outdone , the Twins made a deadline move and acquired SS - Orlando Cabrera from the Oakland Athletics for minor league SS - Tyler Ladendorf .
Click here and here for reactions to the Twins deal .
The Chicago White Sox took a huge gamble and again traded for Jake Peavy .
This time around Peavy approved and in return the Padres received LHP - Aaron Poreda , LHP - Clayton Richard , RHP - Dexter Carter , and RHP - Adam Russell .
Click here and here for more .
In Cleveland the great 2009 sell - off continued .
The Indians refused to be outdone by the Pittsburgh Pirates in terms of trading talent as Victor Martinez was sent to the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RHP - Justin Masterson , RHP - Bryan Price , and LHP - Nick Hagadone .
V- Mart joins the other 5 Indians players already dealt this season ; Cliff Lee , Ben Francisco , Ryan Garko , Rafael Betancourt , and Mark DeRosa in the former Indians club .
Click here for more .
Aside from the acquisition of OF - Josh Anderson the Kansas City roster is exactly the same .
Acquiring Yuniesky Betancourt is the highpoint of the Royals trade season , and that pretty much sums up this team .
The end result of all of this will be a 4th place finish for the second consecutive season .
For the Royals , that is where the “ good ” news ends .
This team is terrible , does n’t fit together very well , and needs to be rebuilt .
I ca n’t necessarily fault Dayton Moore for his lack of action at this year ’s deadline , but I can fault him for the overall composition of this roster .
Outside of the core players , there is n’t much to offer other teams .
It is readily apparent that players such as Teahen , DeJesus , Bannister , and Bloomquist , have more value to the 2010 Royals than they could bring back in trade .
However , moving players like John Bale , Ron Mahay , Miguel Olivo , John Buck , Mike Jacobs made a lot of sense regardless of return .
Unfortunately for the Royals and Dayton Moore , of that group , only Mahay even got a brief mention amongst all the trade rumors .
Aside from the lack of action by our team , the most depressing thing for me is that the Indians traded away 6 quality ML players , 24 % of their roster , and enter this offseason with a better chance to win the division in 2010 .
At this point the Tigers , Twins , and White Sox are completely out of reach unless Dayton makes significant changes to the roster and the overall team philosophy during the winter .
If those major changes are n’t made , 4th place is the best we can hope for regardless of how good the starting pitching may be .
To trust the process , there has to actually be a process .
From what I can tell , now we are just standing around watching the 2010 season pass us by before it even begins .
The sound of the crickets is absolutely deafening around here …
A third of open ocean sharks are threatened with extinction , according to the first global study to assess the conservation status of 64 species .
Tuna fisheries , already facing strong criticism for overfishing , and the practice of “ finning ” sharks for soup ingredients take much of the blame .
Hammerheads and giant devil rays are among the species classified by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as " globally endangered " , while great whites and basking sharks are classed as vulnerable to extinction .
The smooth hammerhead ( Sphyrna zygaena ) is shown .
( Image : Wayne Levin / Getty ) Scalloped hammerhead ( Sphyrna lewini )
( Image : Jeff Rotman / Nature Picture Library / Rex Features ) Great white ( Carcharodon carcharias )
( Image : Design Pics Inc / Rex Features ) Advertisement Basking shark ( Cetorhinus maximus )
( Image : Alan James / Nature Picture Library / Rex Features ) Oceanic whitetip ( Carcharhinus longimanus )
( Image : Brian J. Skerry / Getty ) Giant devil ray ( Mobula mobular )
( Image : Sarah Faulwetter / sarsifa ) Makos shortfin ( Isurus oxyrinchus )
( Image : Andy Murch / wiki )
Monday , 01 Jun , 2009 Technology
Robotaxi Concept to Provide Maximum Comfort for Its Clients
This unusual Robot taxi concept offers two seats and runs on three wheels .
It was designed with the goal of providing an everlasting smooth public transportation system .
The compact taxi robot has one uplifting door for passengers .
Several robotaxis will circle around the city systematically , and will be aware with the current position of each vehicle .
To order the cab one can use a mobile phone or simply jump in one of them at any location .
The robotaxis can boast a continuously evolving , completely optimized and perpetually self - adjusting public traffic system .
In order to use the robotaxi you might want to learn a few instructions :
- A robotaxi can be called though a mobile phone ;
- the robotaxi operator will analyze the position of the nearest vehicle ;
- upon its arrival the robotaxi will open the door for you ;
- set the required destination using a touch panels inside the vehicle ;
- inside the cab you can watch video or surf through the Internet ;
- the payment is made automatically , through wireless reading from your credit card .
' Most Wanted ' Klan Fugitive Arrested in Israel Klan fugitive Micky Mayon thought feds would n't look for him in Israel .
JERUSALEM , July 15 , 2009  -- A U.S. Ku Klux Klan member and fugitive from the FBI , Micky Mayon was apprehended in a downmarket Tel Aviv hostel Monday night , ending nearly two years of hiding out in the Jewish state .
Mayon , who hails from Steelton , Pa. , went on the run after he was placed on the FBI 's Most Wanted list .
He was suspected of burning a federal judge 's car , and other violent offences .
U.S. marshals had sought him on two separate arrest warrants .
Charges included illegal possession of a firearm , reckless endangerment and flight to avoid apprehension .
He was a known neo -Nazi with links to the white supremacist group Aryan Brotherhood .
The irony of a fugitive with a proven track record of hate crimes finding refuge in the Jewish state was not lost on the Israeli police or local press .
" He was here because he thought this was the last place they would look for him , " said Sabine Haddad at Israel 's Ministry of Interior .
Mayon fled to Tel Aviv in November 2007 .
On arrival , he was granted a one - month visa and stayed on illegally after it expired .
Israeli police spokesmen said he had been earning money washing dishes in restaurants and had received extra money from his parents in the United States .
His FBI mugshot shows him with a skinhead hair style , but when he was arrested police said he had long , unkempt hair and looked like a hippy .
He was picked up in a predawn raid by a newly formed immigration police unit that had received a tip .
Police subsequently claimed the tip came from his Jewish girlfriend who had become pregnant .
Police said Mayon had confessed his criminal past to her and she turned him in .
KKK Fugitive Mayon to Be Extradited
Extradition proceedings to return Mayon to the United States are already under way , and U.S. marshals are on the way to Israel to escort him back to this country .
" Locating and identifying Mayon in a foreign country sends a very strong message that you can run but you cannot hide , " said Michael Regan , a U.S. marshal in Pennsylvania .
Guys , unless specifically told not to , I 'll post the reply here in the blog so everyone can read it .
I 'll just leave the first name , and remove the last name , email or any other specific information for privacy reasons .
Thanks
The Gold Bull Market and the Fed it Rode In On
I thought that as part of the new Mogambo Program To Stop Freaking Out ( MPTSFO ) and maybe get some sleep that is not disturbed by screaming at nightmares of the horrors of inflation and economic ruin that are the just desserts of an America that has now embraced ignorance , stupidity and sloth as virtues , I had turned off the alarms in the Mogambo Bunker ( the MoBu ) that were connected to the circuits monitoring the creation of bank credit by the Federal Reserve .
This new bank credit is the stuff from which “ money ” is instantly made when someone borrows from a bank , which increases the money supply , which creates inflation in something when that new money is used to bid up the price ( or prices ) of part ( or parts ) of the existing stock of goods and / or services , the recipient of which goes out and bids up the prices of stuff that HE wants , round and around .
My Mogambo Sleepy - Time Plan ( MSTP ) was , alas , to no avail , and I tossed and turned fitfully all night , especially now that the far - Left , commie - think , brain - dead Obama administration – which I now refer to as The Obamaniacs – has gotten the Democrat - controlled Congress to spend a monstrous 28 % of GDP , of which 13 % of GDP ( slightly less than half ! ) is borrowed money !
The Federal Reserve has two choices here .
It can choose to tell Obama and the idiot Congress to go to hell because creating that much money will produce ruinous inflation , like it has always produced all the way through history , destroying the economy .
But instead , the despicable , incompetent Fed has chosen to acquiesce , and print the money necessary to buy all of that new debt !
Trillions and trillions of new dollars flooding into the economy through governmental spigots !
Yikes !
Perhaps this is why I am hearing a lot of things like , “ The US dollar has fallen below important support at 81 on the index , and everyone expects it to fall more .
This is what the guys and I were discussing while hanging around the water cooler instead of engaging in our usual banter of plotting some sick revenge against our boss , and we were wondering what you thought of this idea that the ailing dollar will go down , meaning that that other currencies are getting stronger , and we were also wondering if you would still be leaving work next Thursday at the usual time and walking down that same dark , deserted side - street to where you park your car for free instead of paying for parking like everybody else , you cheap bastard ? ”
Well , to the latter I say , “ Not any more !
Hahaha ! ” and to the former I say , “ The dollar index is just a measure of the relative monetary stupidity of governments and their central banks .
If you want to know the future of the dollar in terms of its buying power , on the other hand , then look at the dollar - price of gold , you moron ! ”
And on that golden note , Jim Willie of Goldenjackass.com reports , “ The ratio of the 10 - year USTreasury Note yield to the 2 - year USTreasury Bill yield has always been highly reliable in predicting a move in the gold price . ”
So the Treasury market says “ gold bull market ahead ! ” and one of the things that tells me that we are in a bull market for gold is that , according to Barron ’s , the Krugerrand is selling at the same price as the US Eagle and the Austrian Philharmonic , which is weird because the Krugerrand is one troy ounce of 22 - karat gold and is only 91.7 % pure gold , while the Eagle and Philharmonic are one troy ounce of 24 - karat gold and are 99.999 % pure gold .
So it seems that buying Eagles and short - selling Krugerrands would guarantee a profit when the price gap opens back up and people slap themselves on the forehead and say to themselves , “ Wait a minute !
You mean that I paid the price of an entire ounce of pure gold but I only got 91.7 % of an ounce of gold ?
Sell ! ” Hahaha !
So what is the point of all of this technical analysis stuff that I do not understand , other than wasting everyone ’s time ?
It is simply that gold is obviously getting ready to zoom , as the steepening Treasury yield curve attests , meaning that bond owners are belatedly realizing that all of this new money means that inflation will rise , making interest rates go up , handing bond holders a loss , and the longer the bond , the bigger the danger , so they are demanding higher yields .
As an interesting aside , as in , “ We ’re freaking doomed by a clot of corrupt government devils , ” Mr. Willie says to “ give credit to the USGovt statrats in their busy laboratories .
They decided to ramp up the Q2 Gross Domestic Product by including all USGovt rescue funds for the big banks , including the diverse funds from the many liquidity facilities .
All those funds will go directly into the GDP for Q2 as a special line item .
Expect a miraculous economic recovery in the second quarter , based on vapor . ”
Miraculous indeed !
Hahaha !
What a blatant governmental affront !
What a colossal , transparent , low - IQ fraud !
I noticed that my trigger finger was twitching , my voice was bellowing in fear and outrage , my blood pressure was 500/400 and my kids were running away , crying out , “ Run for the hills !
Dad ’s freaking out again ! ”
After they were gone , I calmed down in the sudden blissful peace and quiet , and it was then I remembered that gold , wonderful glorious gold , will save me like it has saved everybody else in the last 4,500 years of episodes of governmental monetary and fiscal insanity .
Even my trigger finger stopped shaking , so I used it to dial the phone and order some more gold , remarking to myself as I did that “ Whee !
This investing stuff is easy ! ”
China bars use of virtual money for trading in real goods
China has unveiled the first official rule on the use of virtual currency in the trade of real goods and services to limit its possible impact on the real financial system .
The government also spelled out the definition of " virtual currency " for the first time , which includes prepaid cards of cyber - games , according to a joint circular from the Ministry of Culture and the Ministry of Commerce Friday .
"
The virtual currency , which is converted into real money at a certain exchange rate , will only be allowed to trade in virtual goods and services provided by its issuer , not real goods and services . " it said .
China has the world 's largest population of Internet users , with 298 million people online as of the end of last year .
According to media reports , the virtual money trade topped several billion yuan last year after rising around 20 percent annually .
Since 2007 , virtual money trading has drawn official attention , with the government demanding tighter controls as such trading became an avenue for gambling and illicit trade .
Under the new rules , using virtual money for gambling will be punished by public security authorities , and minors may not buy virtual money .
The Ministry of Culture also vowed to step up supervision on money laundering via virtual credits and other illegal online activities .
The most popular Chinese online credits are " QQ coins " issued by Tencent .
com , which has at least 220 million registered users .
In a media statement Saturday , the company said it " resolutely " supported the new rule .
The statement said Tencent had strongly opposed the underground trading of virtual money , which could enable online theft and fraud .
The company would work with the authorities to combat online crimes , according to the statement .
Cui Ran , an expert on the Chinese online industry , said the regulation aimed to " nip illegal online activities in the bud , " as current trading volume was still too small to shake the nation 's entire financial system .
But as the trade expanded steadily , with increasing conversions between virtual and real money , there would be an impact on the financial system , he noted .
Simple fluid dynamics simulator based on the navier - stokes equations , implemented in JavaScript .
Click and drag to add density and velocity
Add density source with alt - click or anything other than the left - button start stop reset
Toggle drawing mode
Solver Iterations :
Resolution : 64 8 16 24 32 48 96 128 256 512
The fact of widespread public ignorance poses serious challenges to the theory of democratic government .
Voters often not only do n't understand the issues under public deliberation , often they do n't know which politician or party is on what side of the issue .
At least some scholars have said that this issue driven view of public ignorance over - emphasizes issues , positions and ideas .
Voters might be ignorant of those because they are n't very interested in them .
There 's some truth to this idea .
Poltiical rhetoric , campaign promises and debating positions are poor predictors of actual political outcomes .
Take , for example , President Barack Obama 's promises to put every bill passed by Congress online for five days before he signed it into law .
Well , so far Obama has signed two dozen bills and never once waited five days .
Poltiical promises are not indicative of future performance .
Some hope for restoring faith in the effectiveness of democracy has come from the idea that while voters may not be all that big on ideas and words , they may be able to judge the competence of politicians .
The idea is that they know enough to tell when incumbents are doing a good job by not screwing things up and throwing out those who are .
Unfortunately , effectively judging the competence of politicians requires citizens to be able to tell the difference between conditions caused by incumbents ' policies and those that merely happened to occur on their watch without any such causal connections .
In short , voters may be fooled by randomness into thinking that skillful politicians are improving things rather than simply enjoying lucky timing .
Tim Harford sums up recent scholarship on the matter ( hat tip Ilya Somin ) :
The question is , can the voters tell the difference between an incompetent government and an unlucky one ?
Andrew Leigh , an economist at Australian National University , thinks not .
In a recent article in the Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics , he looks at 268 elections held across the world between 1978 and 1999 .
He estimates how much of a country ’s economic performance is due to booms in the world economy and how much is due to competent government – and whether the voters can tell the difference .
Both matter , but as far as the voters are concerned , it is better to be a lucky government than a skilful one .
For instance , a one - percentage point increase in world economic growth above the norm is associated with a hefty rise in the chance that incumbents will be re-elected – from the typical chance of 57 per cent to a more than decent 64 per cent .
A stellar domestic performance , outpacing world growth by one percentage point , contributes less than half as much to the chances of being re-elected , raising them from 57 to 60 per cent .
Why are voters so wretchedly ungrateful ?
The common - sense answer is that it is not easy to distinguish a lucky government from a skilful one .
In addition – and this point is less obvious – an individual voter has little incentive to do so .
We all know that elections are almost never decided by a single vote , and so each voter would be right to conclude that her vote is highly unlikely to make a difference .
We vote for many reasons – a sense of duty , a desire to participate , and so on – but nobody votes under the illusion that it ’s all down to him .
And if the result does not depend on any particular one of us , trying to disentangle luck from skill by ploughing through the latest reports from the International Monetary Fund is likely to remain a minority hobby .
One other thing : Andrew Leigh finds some slight evidence that countries with high newspaper circulation have voters better able to distinguish luck from skill .
Radio does not help , and television makes things worse .
One more reason to switch off your set and pick up the Financial Times .
The bits of evidence that provided the strongest support to green shoots backers have been the rise in stock prices and possible signs of slowing in job losses .
However , the rally warrants considerable critical scrutiny .
First .
violent rallies are more characteristic of bear market head fakes than new bull markets .
And this rally has featured big gains in the old leadership groups , namely financials , when new bull markets feature the emergence of new leadership groups .
Volume has been underwhelming , when bull markets tend to feature rising volume .
Last and most troubling have been the signs of ham - handed market manipulation .
We ’ve had four days in the last two weeks of tape - painting in the closing minutes , with near vertical trajectories in major indices .
Last Thursday was particularly sus ( who would buy late in the day , on a day when a major statistical release was due out pre-opening the next morning ? ) .
Tyler Durden has also contended that some of the major equity desks have been actively squeezing shorts in stocks where short interest is relatively high .
On the employment front , the data has been less impressive than the cheerleaders would have one believe .
First , some of the supposed “ improvement ” in new releases has been by virtue of revisions downward to prior month data ( meaning the month prior was lower than previously believed , making the improvement in the new “ front ” month look better than it would have been if compared against the initial release ) .
Second , the change may simply be short term noise .
The Chrysler and GM bankruptcies alone mean we have a large number of job losses baked in due to plant closures and shuttering of dealers .
And that ’s before we get to the impact on suppliers .
And the unemployment story looks wobbly on other fronts as well .
For unemployment to fall , employers need to start to hire more people , but there has been virtually not change in plans .
From “ Hiring Plans Stick at Record Low , ” MarketWatch ( hat tip reader DoctorRx ) :
Employers ’ hiring plans for the third quarter did n’t budge from their record - low second - quarter outlook , according to Manpower ’s latest Employment Outlook Survey .
A net - 2 % percent of employers said they plan to hire in the upcoming third quarter , flat from the - 2 % who said they would hire in the second quarter ….
( The second - quarter outlook was revised down to - 2 % from - 1 % . ) …
The survey ’s previous low point was in 1982 , when a net 1 % of firms planned to hire in the third quarter .
A year ago , a seasonally adjusted net 12 % of firms said they would hire in the third quarter .
The Manpower survey measures the percentage of firms planning to hire minus those intending layoffs .
Manpower does n’t measure the number of jobs .
The survey ’s margin of error is +/- 0.49 % … The Manpower survey ’s seasonally adjusted figure smoothes out monthly fluctuations .
Without that seasonal adjustment , the survey found a net 2 % of firms intend to hire in the third quarter , up from 1 % in the second quarter .
Sixty - seven percent of firms plan no change in the third quarter — a figure that has stayed constant now for three surveys .
Another 5 % of firms said they do n’t know what their plans are .
Looked at by industry , six sectors showed a negative hiring outlook for the third quarter , while employers in the “ other services ” category had a 0 % hiring outlook .
In January , Manpower changed its industry classifications ; because of that change , it currently can’t provide seasonally adjusted figures by industry .
Firms in the leisure and hospitality industry were the most optimistic , with a net 18 % planning to hire , while another four industries also had a positive employment outlook .
While this has not been as big a focus of news coverage in the US , another argument has been that trade is starting to recover .
However , that appears to be at least in part due to Chinese stockpiling of raw materials ( as opposed to buying , say , Treasuries ) , which in turn means they are not abandoning their attachment to keeping the RMB low to preserve their competitive advantage .
China ’s peg currency was a big contributor to the crisis , and while moving away from that and building a consumer society is a 10 to 20 year process , trying to stick to status quo ante is likely to lead at best to temporary stabilization followed by further dislocation .
This story from Maritime Global News ( hat tip reader Michael ) discusses how China is buying iron ore well in excess of its needs :
An illustration of a dust storm on Mars . Credit : Brian Grimm and Nilton Renno
For the first time , direct evidence of lightning has been detected on Mars , say University of Michigan researchers who found signs of electrical discharges during dust storms on the Red Planet .
The bolts were dry lightning , says Chris Ruf , a professor in the departments of Atmospheric , Oceanic and Space Sciences and Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences .
" What we saw on Mars was a series of huge and sudden electrical discharges caused by a large dust storm , " Ruf said .
" Clearly , there was no rain associated with the electrical discharges on Mars .
However , the implied possibilities are exciting . "
Electric activity in Martian dust storms has important implications for Mars science , the researchers say .
" It affects atmospheric chemistry , habitability and preparations for human exploration .
It might even have implications for the origin of life , as suggested by experiments in the 1950s , " said Nilton Renno , a professor in the Department of Atmospheric , Oceanic and Space Sciences .
The findings are based on observations made using an innovative microwave detector developed at the U - M Space Physics Research Laboratory .
The kurtosis detector , which is capable of differentiating between thermal and non-thermal radiation , took measurements of microwave emissions from Mars for approximately five hours a day for 12 days between May 22 and June 16 , 2006 .
On June 8 , 2006 both an unusual pattern of non-thermal radiation and an intense Martian dust storm occurred , the only time that non-thermal radiation was detected .
Non-thermal radiation would suggest the presence of lightning .
The researchers reviewed the data to determine the strength , duration and frequency of the non-thermal activity , as well as the possibility of other sources .
But each test led to the conclusion that the dust storm likely caused dry lightning .
This work confirms soil measurements from the Viking landers 30 years ago , and it challenges 2006 experiments that suggested otherwise .
Data from the Viking landers raised the possibility that Martian dust storms might be electrically active like Earth 's thunderstorms and thus , might be a source of reactive chemistry .
But the hypothesis was untestable .
In 2006 , using theoretical modeling , laboratory experiments and field studies on Earth , a group of planetary scientists suggested that there was no direct evidence that lightning occurred on Mars .
This new research refutes those findings .
" Mars continues to amaze us .
Every new look at the planet gives us new insights , " said Michael Sanders , manager of the exploration systems and technology office at Jet Propulsion Laboratory and a researchers involved in this study .
Source : University of Michigan ( news : web )
Explore further Mars ' dust storms may produce peroxide snow
The term " quarter life crisis " refers to the personal and professional angst of some of today 's twenty - somethings .
Last month Eye Weekly published a good overview of the phenomenon and wrote :
Unrelenting indecision , isolation , confusion and anxiety about working , relationships and direction is reported by people in their mid-twenties to early thirties who are usually urban , middle class and well - educated ; those who should be able to capitalize on their youth , unparalleled freedom and free - for - all individuation .
They ca n’t make any decisions , because they do n’t know what they want , and they do n’t know what they want because they do n’t know who they are , and they do n’t know who they are because they ’re allowed to be anyone they want .
In other words , it is a " crisis " that afflicts a privileged slice of the young adult group : the introspective urbanites who have the time and energy to wallow in their introspections and contemplate deeper identity issues ; the people who can financially afford to think about what they love to do versus what they have to do .
As this older Financial Times piece put it , the quarter life crisis is when highly educated young people are paralyzed not due to " lack of opportunity , as may have been true in the past , but from an excess of possibilities . "
With generational proclamations it 's important to ask whether a so - called " new " phenomenon is in fact new to the current moment or instead something all people of a particular age have experienced over the years .
I do think today 's flavor of youthful existential angst is new .
First , the generation in question , Gen Y , might be the most ass - wiped in history .
We are called the self - esteem generation because of the way our Baby Boomer parents have coddled us : anything is possible , we are all uniquely gifted individuals , so on and so forth .
This can result in expectations out of whack from reality .
More young people today than ever before say they expect to be millionaires by age 30 , as just one example .
What follows monstrously unrealistic expectations ?
More intensely felt disappointment and confusion .
Second , the idea of an excess of possibilities is true in a real sense — we have grown up in a world of unparalleled peace and prosperity — but also in a newly magnified comparative sense .
Today , if you 're 24 and online , your sense of what 's possible from a how - to - live - life perspective is limited by the bounds of a boundless internet .
Sure , when you read newspapers from all over the world or follow blogs from people doing amazing things your arc of vision is broader than whatever is happening on your cul - de-sac .
But this also means you can compare yourself , in vivid detail and in real - time , to whomever is at the top of the game you happen to be playing in .
Possible consequence : feelings of inferiority , envy , slowness ( there 's always someone younger who 's done more and read more ) , stupidness , loneliness ( " Everyone has it figured out but me " ) .
Neither article offers very good advice for those suffering from quarter life malaise .
The FT piece says young people should just grow up .
The Eye Weekly piece says , “ If you feel you ’re in crisis , this is a great opportunity to draft a five - year plan with steady concrete goals to help you get to where you want to be .
Anyone can transform their life in just a few years . ”
Which is delightfully unhelpful advice .
It goes on to say , " Growing up may be hard to do , but in the end , the gains outweigh the losses …
In other words : it might just be time to grow the fuck up . "
Ah , growing the fuck up , a great American pastime .
One gets the sense that to grow up for these authors means to relinquish those lofty dreams and accept that you are a selfish piece of shit whose life is going to be unremarkable — which is to say your life is going to be like most people 's lives , and to aspire for more is cute in that youthful idealistic borderline - precocious sense but " grown - ups " know it 's is just needlessly stress - inducing ; grown - ups know the Cold Hard Truth is that the secret to happiness is low expectations .
Grown -ups , they would probably say , know that you should not try to find your calling and just find a stable job — that way you 'll have a life during the evenings and weekends .
My own highly unqualified musings on careers and life strategy for the twenty - something years have piled up over the past five years : that people should adopt a centenarian life strategy ( you 're going to live till you 're 100 ) ; embrace your 20's as the odyssey / wandering years ; expose yourself to bulk , positive randomness ; travel as much as possible ; do n't do what you love , do what you are ; choose jobs based on the people more than company ( reach out to heros ) ; de-emphasize long - term plans or goals ; default to ' yes ' to avoid later regret ; perhaps embrace uncertainty ; see virtue in shade over light ; work on your ping - pong backhand .
###
Here 's an old NPR commentary of mine on the weak collective consciousness of Gen Y , and so why we should be careful about generational generalizations .
( thanks to Charlie Hoehn for pointing out the article and Cal Newport for brainstorming parts of this post )
Last year , the UK - focused Digital Entertainment Survey came to a shocking conclusion : 70 percent of people sharing copyrighted files on the Internet would change their piratical ways if they received a warning notice from their ISPs .
This was music to the ears of the record business , but it could n't last ; this year , the 70 percent figure has plummeted to 33 percent .
The 2009 survey finds that UK file - swappers just are n't worried about warning letters alone anymore .
The change may be due to the UK government 's quite public pronouncements that " disconnection " of repeat offenders is n't going to happen , removing the implicit threat behind the warning letters .
Currently , some of the country 's largest ISPs are voluntarily forwarding warning letters from the rightsholders to customers , but they are not passing subscriber information back to rightsholders — and they are not imposing any sanctions .
That could change as the government gets involved in the debate ; the key " Digital Britain " report that will shape government policy in this area and others comes out on June 16 .
But with the government already on record as opposing disconnections , sanctions may have limited effect .
That 's certainly what the Digital Entertainment Survey authors think : " This drop appears to be explained by the fact that respondents this year were asked to consider the possibility of a communication containing no specific threat .
Last year 's figure of 70 percent can only be explained by an assumption by the respondents that the communication was a prelude to further action . "
But , if disconnection were defrosted and put back on the Sanctions Sm�rg�sbord , " this would be effective in 80 percent of cases . "
In other words , the English would have to go French ( although the French three - strikes law has run into severe problems of its own ) .
The survey was commissioned by media law firm Wiggin.
Simon Baggs , a partner at the firm , said that " the findings of this report show that letter sending alone will not be enough , and that much more needs to be done if there is to be a real reduction in unlawful filesharing .
That reduction is crucial if the business models identified in this report are to be allowed to develop . "
This article was co-authored by Kady Richardson .
Kady Richardson is a mixologist in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Kady has completed the Comprehensive Bartending Training Program at The Cocktail Camp in San Francisco and specializes in creating approachable , at - home recipes for cocktails .
Kady holds a BA in American Studies and an MA in Sociology from Stanford University .
This article has been viewed 1,577,696 times .
X
To make a classic margarita , wet the rim of your glass with a lime wedge , then salt the glass ’s rim with kosher or sea salt .
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and pour 1 to 2 parts tequila into the shaker .
Next , add 1 part triple sec and 1 part fresh lime juice to the shaker , then shake everything together vigorously for at least 15 seconds .
Pour the cocktail into your glass , garnish the glass with a lime , and enjoy your beverage !
If you ’d like , add a splash of Tabasco sauce for a spicy kick .
If you want to learn how to make a simple margarita with 3 ingredients , keep reading the article !
What happened
After a female porn star tested positive for the AIDS virus at a California adult - film clinic last week , Los Angeles public health officials disclosed 16 previously unpublicized HIV cases among porn actors .
That brings to 22 the number of known HIV cases since a small outbreak shut down Southern California ’s porn industry for a month in 2004 .
( Los Angeles Times , )
What the commentators said
“ Rumor is rampant when the words ' HIV ' and ' porn ' are in the same sentence , ” said Dr. Sharon Mitchell of the Adult Industry Medical ( AIM ) clinic , which tests porn actors .
And these stories draw the media “ like moths to a flame . ”
But while we ’re awaiting final confirmation on the new possible infection , there ’s no sign that “ patient Zero ” spread the disease to any “ industry partner ” or her boyfriend .
But there are reports that “ patient Zero ” was allowed to work the day after her first positive test , said Kim LaCapria in The Inquisitr , so you can understand the “ porn - industry panic . ”
Let ’s hope things are better than in 2004 , when only two of the San Fernando Valley ’s 200 porn production companies required performers to use condoms .
Do n’t bet on it , said Zach Behrens in LAist .
California has laws prohibiting the exchange of bodily fluids at a workplace , but some health and porn experts fear that if those laws are “ harshly enforced , ” the porn industry will go underground , shun the AIM clinic , and become “ more of a breeding ground for disease . ”
That limited $ 1 million distribution was criticised by the NSW Police Association , which has mounted a vigorous pro-Taser campaign , arguing that a " less than lethal " option was critical for police confronting volatile criminals who were often drug affected .
The Police Association secretary Peter Remfrey said : " It 's great that the State Government has finally stepped up and done what 's right for both police and the community .
" Too many officers who have served on the front line know what it 's like to have to discharge their firearm , knowing that it could cost someone 's life .
Up to now they had no choice .
Now our police will have another option available to them . "
NSW Premier Nathan Rees said the $ 10 million Taser allocation was part of a record $ 2.6 billion police budget .
" The [ Police ] Commissioner has advised that , after a successful trial period , Tasers should be deployed to all front - line officers - and the NSW Government has delivered , " Mr Rees said .
" New funding will be allocated to provide 1962 Tasers to be rolled out across NSW over the next 18 months and every police officer will carry one [ while ] on duty .
" Police officers will undertake rigorous training before being armed with a Taser , starting from July 1 this year . "
Police Minister Tony Kelly said Tasers were an important part of the police armoury .
" People are already getting the message about the Taser 's effectiveness - the mere sight of the Taser was enough to resolve the conflict in 55 per cent of the times it was pulled from the holster , " Mr Kelly said .
An in - built safeguard would ensure responsible Taser use and accountability .
" We have strict accountability measures for the Taser including the recording of audio and visual data for each use [ Taser Cam ] , which is then reviewed by the deputy commissioner , " Mr Kelly said .
Another big - ticket police budget item is $ 2.1 million for a night - flying helicopter as part of the PolAir fleet .
" Helicopters are a vital part of our front - line police response - an eye in the sky helping police track down offenders , " Mr Rees said .
" The new twin -engine PolAir 3 , to be delivered next financial year , is specially designed for low - level flying and features thermal imaging recording cameras for surveillance and night operations . "
More than $ 69 million will be spent planning and building new police stations , supporting up to 3000 construction jobs .
Mr Rees said construction would start at eight new stations , with 37 to be upgraded .
Almost $ 61 million is earmarked for new stations to be built at Burwood , Camden , Granville , Kempsey , Lake Illawarra , Raymond Terrace , Riverstone and Wyong ; there will be $ 4 million for planning work for new stations at Bowral , Coffs Harbour , Liverpool , Manly , Moree , Parramatta and Tweed Heads , and there will be $ 4.7 million to complete construction on the $ 11 million redevelopment of Windsor police station .
Volts from the blue *
The NSW budget will include $ 10 million for 1962 Taser stun guns , to be distributed to front - line police across the state .
*
They will add to the 50 Tasers trialled by the riot squad and the Tactical Operations Unit for about two years and the 229 Tasers distributed to police last year - bringing the total number to 2241 .
*
In contrast with the previous roll - out , in which Tasers had to be signed out by supervisors , every officer will have a Taser on his or her belt ; if working in a pair , one officer will carry the weapon .
* Described by advocates as a " less - than - lethal weapon " , Tasers are promoted as a vital alternative in volatile situations in which police would use pistols .
* Detractors say trigger - happy police are too quick to use Tasers , which are potentially deadly .
*
So far in NSW , Tasers have been used on about 100 offenders and have proved useful in violent domestic disputes .
Police have drawn
Tasers about 280 times , but the sight of the weapon has caused suspects to capitulate about 180 times .
*
They are not used in crowds because they could heighten tensions .
Loading
* Police will receive eight hours ' training , must excel in a written test and be certified annually to use the weapons .
* A Taser fires a 50,000 - volt charge that weakens to 1200 volts by the time of impact .
It can be fired from up to 7.6 metres and immobilise an offender for 10 seconds .
New research on infrasound from volcanic eruptions shows an unexpected connection with jet engines .
Researchers at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego speeded up the recorded sounds from two volcanoes and uncovered a noise very similar to typical jet engines .
These new research findings provide scientists with a more useful probe of the inner workings of volcanic eruptions .
Infrasound is sound that is lower in frequency than 20 cycles per second , below the limit of human hearing .
The study led by Robin Matoza , a graduate student at Scripps Oceanography , will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters , a publication of the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) .
Matoza measured infrasonic sound from Mount St. Helens in Washington State and Tungurahua volcano in Ecuador , both of which are highly active volcanoes close to large population centers .
" We hypothesized that these very large natural volcanic jets were making very low frequency jet noise , " said Matoza , who conducts research in the Scripps Laboratory for Atmospheric Acoustics .
Scripps researchers are using infrasound recording to study Tungurahua volcano in Ecuador .
( Photo Credit : D. Fee / University of Hawaii )
Using 100 - meter aperture arrays of microbarometers , similar to weather barometers but sensitive to smaller changes in atmospheric pressure and low - frequency infrasonic microphones , the research team tested the hypothesis , revealing the physics of how the large - amplitude signals from eruptions are produced .
Jet noise is generated by the turbulent flow of air out of a jet engine .
Matoza and colleagues recorded these very large - amplitude infrasonic signals during the times when ash - laden gas was being ejected from the volcano .
The study concluded that these large - scale volcanic jets are producing sound in a similar way to smaller - scale man -made jets .
" We can draw on this area of research to speed up our own study of volcanoes for both basic research interests , to provide a deeper understanding of eruptions , and for practical purposes , to determine which eruptions are likely ash - free and therefore less of a threat and which are loaded with ash , " said Michael Hedlin , director of Scripps ' Atmospheric Acoustics Lab and a co-author on the paper .
Large - amplitude infrasonic signals from volcanic eruptions are currently used in a prototype real - time warning system that informs the Volcanic Ash Advisory Center ( VAAC ) when large infrasonic signals have come from erupting volcanoes .
Researchers hope this new information can improve hazard mitigation and inform pilots and the aviation industry .
Scripps researchers installed an array of microbarometers at Mount St. Helens in November 2004 to collect infrasound near the site .
( Photo Credit : Scripps Institution of Oceanography , UC San Diego )
" The more quantitative we can get about how the sound is produced the more information we can provide to the VAAC , " said Matoza .
" Eventually it could be possible to provide detailed information such as the size or flow rate of the volcanic jet to put into ash - dispersal forecasting models . "
Source : University of California - San Diego
Scripps graduate student Robin Matoza near Mount St. Helens volcano where researchers were studying infrasound emitted from the volcano .
( Photo Credit : Scripps Institution of Oceanography , UC San Diego )
The internet is filling up with Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen film reviews .
As a member of the internet , I feel obligated to throw my hat into the ring with my own review .
Unfortunately , all of the showings in my area were sold out , so I had to borrow a bootleg copy .
If you are from the FBI please do n’t read that last sentence .
The movie opening was surprisingly slow .
A voiceover from Optimus Prime described the backstory while a very obvious CGI feather fell into the frame .
As far as action - packed openings go , I was very underwhelmed .
Once the story got moving though , it did a fine job of reeling me back in .
I was surprised by how much of the story was told through flashbacks .
It made everything that occurred in the present day seem unrelated and disjointed .
While he was charming , Optimus Prime ’s voice did n’t instill fear or reverence like I thought it should .
Instead , it was more of a friendly Southern drawl .
It was also frustrating to see how infrequently the Transformers changed into robot form .
Come on !
I went into this film expecting to see giant robots punching each other , but instead they were always disguised as cars , neatly parked in the background .
One aspect that I appreciated was that it took place over the entire globe .
One moment we ’re in the plains of the United States , then suddenly our hero is battling the Decepticons alongside the military in Vietnam !
My heart was racing when he used his jet - engine - like speed to save his injured commander .
Then the movie really deviated when Prime ventured out on a fishing boat to catch shrimp for the rest of the movie .
They really lost me there .
The weirdest part is that even though it was a bootleg copy , the DVD had cover art of Optimus Prime sitting on a park bench .
Recasting him to be Tom Hanks still strikes me as an odd choice .
Overall , I enjoyed the film .
As the credits rolled I realized that the ancient wisdom of the Autobots was strangely relevant : Michael Bay ’s movies are like “ a box of chocolates ; you never know what you ’re going to get . ”
One way to know that the end of the Age of Oil will soon be upon us is the current excitement and chatter about going — literally — to the ends of the earth to find more oil .
The Arctic Circle , which circumscribes about 6 % of the earth 's total surface , is one of the last regions of any significant size to be explored for oil , and for good reason :
It 's locked in ice for much of the year , far from support and distribution lines , and is one of the most extreme environments on earth .
Whatever oil and gas is extracted from the top cap of our planet will be the most expensive and difficult oil ever produced .
Yet the prospect of new oil production from the Arctic is attracting renewed attention as the world becomes increasingly cognizant of the end of cheap , easy oil , and the security and economic risks associated with the expensive , difficult oil that remains .
Exploration opportunities are diminishing every year , as the world continues its 40 + - year - long slide down the backside of the exploration bell curve .
With global warming causing the polar ice pack to break up and retreat , it has become possible to sail ships through the Northwest Passage for the first time in recorded human history .
( When it was last open is not known , but it could have as recently as the Medieval Warm Period from 1000 - 1300 AD , when Norse and Icelandic explorers settled Greenland , or distant as the last inter- glacial period , 120,000 years ago . )
Thus it now seems at least physically possible to tap the fossil fuel resources of the Arctic .
More specifically , the focus now is upon offshore resources in the Arctic Circle , in continental shelves under less than 500 meters of water .
Onshore areas in the region have already been explored , with some 40 billion barrels of oil ( BBO ) , 1136 trillion cubic feet ( TCF ) of natural gas , and 8 billion barrels of natural gas liquids having been developed , primarily in the West Siberian Basin of Russia and on the North Slope of Alaska .
Deepwater basins in the Arctic Circle are considered weak prospects as they lack the appropriate source rock structures .
The important question now is :
How much remains to be discovered up there ?
In an effort to answer this question , the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) in cooperation with an international group of geological experts from Canada , Demark , Greenland , Norway , Russia , and other governmental agencies has just completed an effort to round up the available data on the Arctic region and assess its potential , known as the Circum - Arctic Resource Appraisal ( CARA ) .
Their summary report , " Assessment of Undiscovered Oil and Gas in the Arctic , " was released last week .
Much of the area is as yet unexplored , so an innovative approach to assessing the area and extrapolating from the limited data available was required .
In order to have some way of evaluating the " very sparse geological data " on the area , the evaluators used " analogs " from the real world as comparison samples .
The team divided the area into 69 Assessment Units ( AUs ) that contained at least 3 km of sedimentary rock , since such source rocks are where the vast majority of oil is found .
It limited its assessment to resources thought to contain at least 50 million barrels of oil , or 300 billion cubic feet of gas ( 50 million barrels of oil equivalent , or MMBOE ) .
According to the report , fields larger than 50 MMBO make up more than 95 % of the world 's known oil and gas resources by volume , so the limit gives us a good approximation without pretending to more detailed understanding than is warranted by the data .
It also considered only conventional oil resources , excluding unconventional resources such as coal bed methane , gas hydrates , oil shales , heavy oil and so on .
Most importantly , it presented its results " without reference to costs of exploration and development . "
Maps of the resources reveal their uneven distributions :
Sixty percent of the oil is concentrated in just six AUs , predominately in Alaska , and two - thirds of the undiscovered gas is in just four AUs , predominately in Russia .
Figure 1 : CARA Assessment of " Mean Estimated Undiscovered Oil " in Arctic Circle
Source : " Assessment of Undiscovered Oil and Gas in the Arctic , " Gautier et al. , Science , May 2009 .
Figure 2 : CARA Assessment of " Mean Estimated Undiscovered Gas " in Arctic Circle
Source : " Assessment of Undiscovered Oil and Gas in the Arctic , " Gautier et al. , Science , May 2009 .
A range of probabilistic estimates were developed for the assessment units , which were then aggregated into the summary report .
Estimates of undiscovered resources are customarily stated in terms of a range of probabilities .
The median , P50 estimates ( 50 % probability ) are usually reported in the press , but they 're often shown to be optimistic once a given resource is produced .
The USGS report estimates Arctic reserves as follows .
Probability Oil
( BBO - billion barrels ) Gas
( TCF - trillion cubic feet ) 95 % 44 770 50 % 83 1547 5 % 157 299
Interestingly , an analysis by respected petroleum geologist Jean Laherrère in March 2008 on The Oil Drum estimated that the Arctic would contain 50 billion barrels of oil and 1000 TCF of gas , putting his estimates just above the P95 estimates offered by the USGS .
Laherrère is one of the fathers of the modern peak oil study , a man with deep experience in the global oil and gas exploration and production industry , and his estimates are usually quite accurate .
To give a sense of scale to these numbers , world oil consumption is around 30 billion barrels per year , and world gas consumption is about 110 TCF per year .
So the Arctic may contain anywhere from a 1 - 3 year supply of oil and a 7 - 27 year supply of gas .
~~ad_0 ~~
However , these are merely estimates of " original oil and gas in place . "
Typically , only 25 - 35 % of that amount is economically recoverable using current technology .
So the Arctic may in fact have perhaps a 4 - month world supply of recoverable oil , and around a 2 - year supply of gas .
In reality of course , the resources would n't be found or produced all at once , but rather in chunks , over time , and would have far greater implications for the nations that lay claim to it ( for example , Greenland ) than for the world as a whole .
" With respect to oil , there 's nothing that we see in the Arctic that suggests this preeminence of oil within and around the Gulf states would be significantly shifted , " said geologist Donald Gautier , lead author of the survey .
Given the scarcity of actual drilling data and the reliance on analogs and statistical simulation for this survey , our understanding of the Arctic 's hydrocarbon potential will no doubt evolve as fresh prospecting gets under way .
In terms of the all - important production rate however , it seems safe to assume that although the Arctic 's resources will be most welcome to the nations that possess them , they will amount to little more than a trickle of very expensive hydrocarbons within the context of enormous world demand .
Exploration and development of oil and gas from the Arctic Circle is a foregone conclusion .
The world simply needs hydrocarbons too much , and the remaining prospects are few .
But to exploit it will require technologies that do n't yet exist , enormous amounts of capital , and a high tolerance for risk .
In other words , the price of oil will have to be high , and stay high , to make the effort worthwhile .
Next week we 'll take a look at some of the companies that are working to explore and develop the Arctic , and the cutting - edge technologies they are developing .
Until next time ,
Chris
Investor 's Note :
While the race for Arctic oil continues , investors need to realize that actual production from this area is years or maybe even decades away .
But that does n't mean you need to wait that long to profit from deepwater drilling .
If you 're interested in taking some of those offshore profits to the bank , perhaps it 's time you joined our success .
Sorry to sound like a fusty old colonel randomly dribbling memories on his way to the graveyard , but I remember the days when carefully compiling a C90 cassette of personally selected tunes for a friend was a key bonding moment in almost any relationship .
You 'd assemble a collection of your favourite tunes ( interspersed with a few ironic flourishes or comedy tracks ) , then spend an hour painstakingly inking the titles and artist names on the inlay card , which never had enough room on it unless you scratched away in tiny capitals , as though manually typesetting a newspaper aimed at squinty - faced ants in a dollhouse .
It took effort and patience .
It was a tailored gift .
It showed you cared .
Making a compilation for a friend was one thing .
Assembling a tape for someone you wanted to see naked was something else entirely ; a real high - wire act .
Open with something earnestly romantic and you 'd mark yourself out as a sexless drip .
Go the other way , spicing up the playlist with an explicit rap in which the protagonist lists 5,000 assorted and sobering tricks he can perform with his penis , and you 'd fail twice as quickly .
And if you somehow avoided sex entirely , and concentrated instead on showcasing how eclectic your musical tastes were by segueing from the Jackson Five into a self - consciously difficult 19 - minute electronic epic which sounded like someone hitting a gigantic metal pig with a damp phonebook while a broken synthesizer slowly asks for directions to the kettle factory , you 'd alienate them completely .
Nonetheless , compilation tapes were a joy .
The best had a quirky theme , such as Surprising Lyrics , or Appalling Covers , or Music to Slay Co-Workers By .
That last one opened with Xanadu by ELO , which works better than you 'd think .
But then progress jiggered it all up .
First CDs smothered cassettes .
Then 50 % of 18 - to 34 - year - olds started running their own DJ night , which was just like compiling a tape minus the faffing around with the inlay card , except you had to take it more seriously and pretend you were cool .
Boring .
And then finally everyone got iPods , effectively granting their existing musical collection a monopoly over their own ears .
Compilation tapes were dead .
Or not .
The other week I was tinkering around with a bit of software called Spotify .
If you 're not familiar with it , it 's effectively a cross between iTunes and a customisable online radio station .
I 'd heard people raving about it and did n't grasp why , until suddenly I realised you could compile a playlist , then generate a URL for it that others can click on .
It 's like being able to mass - produce a compilation tape in minutes .
OK , so it 's broken up with irritating adverts now and then , but hey , it 's easy to use and it seems to work .
What this means is I 'm suddenly in a position to offer you , dear reader , a free compilation tape .
But rather than any old tape , I 've rustled up a specialist challenge .
Summer 's here .
Consequently many of you will be embarking upon thrilling new romances .
Others will be cementing existing ones .
But passion can be fleeting .
Today 's heart - fluttering sexpot is tomorrow 's irritant .
How can you be sure the pair of you really like each other ?
By trying to have sex while listening to a deliberately off - putting musical playlist , of course .
After all , in moments like that , what goes in your ears makes a big difference .
Once , in my early 20s , I was enjoying an impromptu eruption of mid-afternoon " adult fun " with a girlfriend while a radio blasted away merrily in the background .
Suddenly the music was replaced with a news bulletin - specifically a live police press conference in which two parents tearfully begged for the return of their missing son .
As mood - killers go , it was on a par with looking down to discover your own genitals had suddenly and impossibly sprouted the face of Alan Titchmarsh , and he was looking back up at you and licking his lips and grinning and reciting limericks in a high - pitched voice .
We broke up five years later .
I blame the radio .
My playlist , while tasteless in parts , does n't contain anything quite that horrifying , but it should prove one heck of an obstacle course .
All you have to do is download and install Spotify , then go to this URL : tinyurl.com / moodkill .
Click around a bit and it should open the compilation .
Do n't read the tracklisting , it 'll spoil it ( that 's why I 'm not divulging it here ) .
Beckon over your beloved .
Dim the lights .
Get yourselves in the mood , press play , and prepare to test your ardour to its very limits .
The first couple to successfully slog their way through the entire list wins a trophy or something .
It 's a hefty running time , so do n't expect to conquer it all on your first go .
There 's no set order ; you can put it on shuffle if you like .
And you 're allowed tackle it in chunks over the course of a few weeks if need be .
But no declaring victory until you 've managed the lot .
If that 's too much , total respect will still be accorded to anyone who manages to kiss with earnest animal passion for the entire duration of the St Christopher Ensemble 's Gregorian Chant version of I Guess That 's Why They Call it the Blues , then upload the evidence to YouTube .
It wo n't be easy .
But if you make it to the end , then congratulations : you 've proved your love will abide through the ages .
Oh , and as a bonus , pick one of the entries for a wedding song .
Then watch all your guests throw up .
• This week Charlie also made a compilation of almost every track ( Spotify 's catalogue permitting ) used in the background of Screenwipe / Newswipe episodes , to satiate fellow TV spods who kept asking .
It 's at tinyurl.com/screenwipemusic
Mike Tyson
" Iron " Mike Tyson ( born June 30 , 1966 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is a former American heavyweight boxing champion .
Quotes [ edit ]
I 'm just a dark guy from a den of iniquity .
A dark shadowy figure from the bowels of iniquity .
I wish I could be Mike who gets an endorsement deal .
But you can't make a lie and a truth go together .
This country was n't built on moral fiber .
This country was built on rape , slavery , murder , degradation and affiliation with crime .
As quoted in Telegraph ( 2002 ) .
" I ’m too stigmatized in this country , I want to do something that will have a tangible effect on people .
I live in a world where I ’m not too media - friendly , I would never be successful in this country . " [ 1 ]
Che Guevara is an incredible individual .
He had so much , but sacrificed it all for the benefit of other people .
As quoted in The Sun .
On boxing [ edit ]
" Being a champion opens lots of doors — I 'd like to get a real estate license , maybe sell insurance . " [ 2 ]
" Am I a born boxer ?
No — if I was , I 'd be perfect . " [ 3 ]
To a reporter in 2002 : " It 's interesting that you put me in the league with those illustrious fighters [ Muhammad Ali , Joe Louis , Jack Johnson ] , but I 've proved since my career I 've surpassed them as far my popularity .
I 'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport .
If you do n't believe it , check the cash register . " [ 4 ]
" I still ca n’t believe [ Muhammad Ali ] knows my name .
It astounds me he knows who I am .
I first met Ali in 1976 .
I was locked up in a juvenile home and he came to visit .
I ’ve never forgotten it . " [ 5 ]
Reported by Joyce Carol Oates in 1986 ( published in 1987 ) : " ' It 's a lonely sport , ' Mike Tyson , who is surrounded by people who love him , says . " [ 6 ]
Everybody in boxing probably makes out well except for the fighter .
As quoted in Boxing Monthly .
In a 2005 post - fight interview Tyson described boxing as " the hurt business . " [ 7 ]
" Every shot was thrown with bad intentions . " [ 8 ]
This has often also been quoted as , " Every punch was thrown with bad intentions . "
1987 : " I could have knocked him out in the third round but I wanted to do it slowly , so he would remember this night for a long time . " [ 9 ]
1988 : " I just have this thing inside me that wants to eat and conquer .
Maybe it 's egotistical , but I have it in me .
I do n't want to be a tycoon .
I just want to conquer people and their souls . " [ 10 ]
1990 : " It 's nothing personal , but I 'm going to kill this guy . " [ 11 ]
2005 : “ I just do n’t have the guts for it anymore .
I do n’t want to disgrace the sport .
This is a great sport .
It can take men from humble beginnings and have them rub shoulders with royalty . ” [ 12 ]
" My career has been over since 1990 . " [ 13 ]
" Then I came out of jail and beat guys because they were basically scared . " [ 14 ]
" I do n't have the desire to hurt anyone anymore .
I see a fly , but I do n't have the nerve to get up and kill it . " [ 15 ]
" I do n't have the stomach for this anymore .
I do n't have anything to fight for anymore . " [ 16 ]
" I just do n't have the desire no more , I do n't have the stomach to do it no more .
I do n't even kill insects in my house .
I just do n't kill anything no more .
I used to kill pigeons , rip their heads off , ' You dirty rat pigeon ! '
I do n't even have the heart to kill an animal no more .
I just changed my whole life in general .
That probably could have changed the way I fight . " [ 17 ]
" This is a weird feeling in my life I have to deal with , not being a violent man anymore when my whole life 's reputation was built on being extremely violent .
I just do n't know how to deal with that right now .
I do n't even go to strip clubs no more .
I do n't know who I am sometimes , but I am not the guy I used to be .
I 'm not an angel or anything .
I 'm still lascivious , periodically .
I 'm just looking for some balance in my life . " [ 18 ]
" I do n't know that person anymore , that guy in ' 86 , ' 87 .
I do n't know that guy no more .
I do n't have no affinity for that guy no more .
I have no affinity for the guy who said , ' I am the greatest fighter God produced . '
I have no affinity for the guy who said he would try to push his [ opponent 's ] nose bone up into his brain .
I just do n't know that guy .
I do n't know who he is .
I do n't know where he came from .
I do n't have no kind of connection with him no more . " [ 19 ]
After his final fight : " I felt like I was 120 years old .
I feel like Rip Van Winkle right now . " [ 20 ]
On Muhammad Ali : " No man like him .
There just is n't , everything that we have , he supersedes us , even our arrogance and our ego ... I 'd say from a boxing perspective , Ali is a fucking animal .
He looks more like a model than a fighter , but what he is , he 's like a tyrannosaurus rex with a pretty face .
He 's just mean and evil , and he 'll take you to deep water and drown you .
He 's very special , the best in the world . " [ 21 ]
The spirit makes you a great fighter not drugs or anything ... the smartest fighter , the fighter that 's more determined , the fighter that 's dedicated , the fighter that wants it the most .. you have to have the desire to hurt him [ to be the best fighter ] . [ 22 ] [ 23 ]
We ’re really good friends , we go back to ’ 86 , ’ 87 .
Most of my successful and best fights were at Trump ’s hotels .
He did n’t manage me , though .
He was just helping me with my court case .
We ’re the same guy , a thrust for power , a drive for power .
Whatever field we ’re in , we need power in that field .
That ’s just who we are .
Balls of energy .
We ’re not even who we think we are .
We ’re fire .
We ’re made of this crap — water , motion , dirt , diamonds , emeralds .
We ’re made out of that stuff , can you believe it ?
That shit is the real deal .
Listen : I ’m a black motherfucker from the poorest town in the country .
I ’ve been through a lot in life .
And I know him .
When I see him , he shakes my hand and respects my family .
None of them — Barack , whoever — nobody else does that .
They ’re gonna be who they are and disregard me , my family .
So I ’m voting for him .
If I can get 20,000 people or more to vote for him , I ’m gonna do it .
In an interview with The Daily Caller . [ 24 ] ( January 21 , 2016 )
On himself [ edit ]
" I 'm addicted to perfection .
Problem with my life is I was always also addicted to chaos .
Perfect chaos . " [ 25 ]
" I think I 'm a pig .
I have this uncanny ability to look at myself in the mirror and say , ' This is a pig .
You are a fucking piece of shit . ' " [ 26 ]
" I can talk about humility , but I 'm not humble .
I mean , if you say , ' I 'm humble , ' you 've just contradicted yourself .
But I 'm trying to be , man , I 'm trying so hard . " [ 27 ]
" I put people in body bags when I 'm right . " [ 28 ]
" I have the same malice in my heart as far as the fight game is concerned , but outside the ring , I wo n't say anything a dignified man wo n't say . " [ 29 ]
" One morning I woke up and found my favorite pigeon , Julius , had died I was devastated and was gonna use his crate as my stickball bat to honor him .
I left the crate on my stoop and went in to get something and I returned to see the sanitation man put the crate into the crusher .
I rushed him and caught him flush on the temple with a titanic right hand he was out cold , convulsing on the floor like an infantile retard . " [ 30 ]
" There 's no one perfect .
… Jimmy Swaggart is a lascivious creature , Mike Tyson is lascivious - but we 're not criminally , at least I 'm not , criminally lascivious .
You know what I mean .
I may like to fornicate more than other people - it 's just who I am .
I sacrifice so much of my life , can I at least get laid ?
I mean , I been robbed of my most of my money , can I at least get a blowjob without the people wanting to harass me and wanting to throw me in jail ? " [ 31 ]
" Do n't be surprised if I behave like a savage .
I am a savage . " [ 32 ]
" One minute I 'm robbing a dope house .
Next minute I 'm the youngest heavyweight champion of the world .
I 'm only 20 , 19 , with a lot of money .
Who am I ?
What am I ?
I do n't even know who I am .
I 'm just a dumb child who 's being abused and robbed by lawyers .
I 'm just a dumb pugnacious fool .
I 'm just a fool who thinks he 's someone .
Then you tell me I should be responsible . " [ 33 ]
In a 1988 Sports Illustrated interview : " Real freedom is having nothing .
I was freer when I did n't have a cent .
Do you know what I do sometimes ?
Put on a ski mask and dress in old clothes , go out on the streets and beg for quarters . " [ 34 ]
" I'm a good friend , but I 'm a hell of an enemy .
As your enemy , I want your demise .
When I feel that in my heart it burns till I die . " [ 35 ]
" My whole life has been a waste - I 've been a failure . " [ 36 ]
" One of my friends once saw another guy's ( criminal ) record and said , ' Look , this guy is a born troublemaker , just a loser . '
I had to tell him , ' No , that 's my record — and it does n't include my juvenile history . ' " [ 37 ]
" They would give Jeffrey Dahmer a second chance before they gave me another one . " [ 38 ]
" I probably have a 20,000 - word vocabulary .
I 'll match my wits with anyone on literature , science and the arts . " [ 39 ]
" My intentions were not to fascinate the world with my personality . " [ 40 ]
In a 2004 interview with This Is London , Tyson announces that since declaring bankruptcy he has been sleeping in homeless shelters and living off handouts : " I 've got nowhere to live .
I 've been crashing with friends , literally sleeping in shelters .
Unsavoury characters are giving me money and I 'm taking it .
I need it .
The drug dealers , they sympathise with me .
They see me as some sort of pathetic character . " [ 41 ]
" When I had money I was an animal .
I was so belligerent .
I lost all across the board . " [ 42 ]
" My life has been a total waste . " [ 43 ]
" I know I was a tough , bad - ass talking fighter , but I ain't no mob figure .
I did my time for the rape .
I paid my money to Las Vegas .
I paid my dues .
I ain't the same person I was when I bit that guy 's ear off . " [ 44 ]
" I 'll never be happy .
I believe I 'll die alone .
I would want it that way .
I 've been a loner all my life with my secrets and my pain .
I 'm really lost , but I 'm trying to find myself .
I 'm really a sad , pathetic case .
My whole life has been a waste .
I 've been a failure .
I just want to escape . " [ 45 ] [ 46 ]
" I lost my soul as a human being .
I lost my self - respect .
I 'm not a lovable guy , so it 's really not hard for people to dislike me . " [ 47 ]
" I 've been a prima - donna .
I was taken care of since I was 13 .
That 's why I am the way I am today .
I was spoiled , like a brat .
I had anything I wanted .
That 's crazy to be that way all your life .
Everybody 's taking care of you , but manipulating you at the same time .
Very few people have a life like that .
Most people have to work like slaves their whole lives .
I 've never had a job in my life .
What I know how to do is hurt big , tough men — in the street and off . " [ 48 ]
" People say ' Poor guy . '
That insults me .
I despise sympathy .
So I screwed up .
I made some mistakes .
' Poor guy , ' like I 'm some victim .
There 's nothing poor about me . " [ 49 ]
" My life 's not tragic at all .
How many guys do you know who are bankrupt and just bought a $ 3 million house and are getting ready to get $ 6 million more ? " [ 50 ]
" I got a imam , I got a rabbi , I got a priest , I got a reverend — I got 'em all .
But I do n't want to be holier - than - thou .
I want to help everybody and still get some ( sex ) . " [ 51 ]
" People are trying to force me to redeem ( myself ) — certain women , certain mentors .
Nobody 's going to change me .
I 'm going to fight that .
You can't change me ; you can't tame me .
When you say that , I 'm going to bite you even harder .
I 'm more ferocious , more complicated .
I 'm not going to let anybody win a popularity contest off my conduct .
You have to understand .
It is a pervasive ( belief ) that I 'm an animal — undomesticated as well .
But regardless of the bizarre ( stuff ) I 've done , I 'm a very rational individual .
But everybody still thinks I 'm crazy and stupid because that 's what they want to believe . " [ 52 ]
" I ’m just trying to change my life because I ’m not above killing any drug dealer for money . " [ 53 ]
From the London Times : " Tyson repeated his desire to do missionary work and said he had spoken to a Christian charity about aid work in Bosnia or Rwanda , ' somewhere where people are in dire need . ' " [ 54 ]
" It 's such a shallow world I am involved with and I can't take it no more . " [ 55 ]
" I 'm not too interested in these swan songs I 'm continuing to hear .
I 'm just Mike .
I 'm a peasant .
I 'm here to entertain the people .
I 'm no elite person .
At one stage in my life , I had my little jewelry and all my little girlfriends and my big cars and things .
At one point , I thought life was about acquiring things .
But as a I get older life is totally about losing everything .
As life goes on , we lose more than we acquire .
I do n't want the finest girl in the world anymore .
I 'm just trying to stay balanced , basically .
As quoted in USA Today ( 2005 ) .
Reported in The New Yorker as : “ At one point , I thought life was about acquiring things .
Life is totally about losing everything . ” [ 56 ]
" I do n't do anything .
My life sucks . " [ 57 ]
" I did n't know how to be any other way .
I felt like one of those barbarian kings just coming to conquer the Roman Empire . " [ 58 ]
" Y'all guys ca n't define me or define my work as a father , i'm many things i'm many things you know , yeah i'm a convicted rapist , i'm a hell raiser , i'm a father , i'm a loving father , i'm , you know , a semi - good husband , you know what i mean ?
What ?
You know i'm just a man out here trying to enjoy my , you know I was born poor I ain't never had nothing I do n't know how to act but the real thing is i'm just here to be me .
I do 'nt care about who anyone things at this stage in my life but yeah , i'm pretty much a tyrant titan .
Yeahs thats who I am . " [ 59 ]
" I 'm not eloquent or distinguished .
You guys wo n't allow me to ever be that , so just bring it on . " [ 60 ]
On his fans [ edit ]
" When you see me smash somebody 's skull , you enjoy it . " [ 61 ]
People love you when you 're successful , but if you 're not , who really cares about you ?
As quoted in Boxing Monthly .
" There are nine million people who see me in the ring and hate my guts .
Most of them are white .
That 's OK .
Just spell my name right . " [ 62 ]
To a question on whether he feels support from the common fan : " I do n't feel love from them because there 's no love .
They do n't know me as an individual ; they know me for what I actually do .
Because they pay to see me smash anybody .
If they 're white they pay , [ it 's ] because the only thing they have respect for is my ability as an athlete .
But if I was in court and I had to use them to testify against me on my character , they would n't testify positively against me and they would think I 'm a cad ... " [ 63 ]
In 2002 : " I think the average person thinks I 'm a fucking nut and I deserve whatever happens to me . " [ 64 ]
" Do you want to talk to me ?
Or what do you want to do with me ?
Watch my eating techniques here ?
How I gorge the chicken ?
How I eat like a barracuda ? " [ 65 ]
" None of my friends have any respect for me .
…
No , most of these people thought of me like ... some money ... . " [ 66 ]
In 2005 : " Most of my fans are too sensitive .
I ’m a cruel and cold and hard person .
I ’ve been abused in every way you can imagine .
Save your tears .
I lost my sensitivity .
You embarrass me when you cry . " [ 67 ] [ 68 ] .
" I 'm not used to sensitivity any more .
When I see people cry when I lose , save your tears .
I do n't know how to handle people crying any more .
I lost my sensitivity like that .
Please , you embarrass me when you cry because I do n't know what to do when you cry .
I do n't know what to say . [ 69 ] .
My main objective is to be professional but to kill him . [ 70 ]
I 'm the best ever .
I 'm the most brutal and vicious , and most ruthless champion there 's ever been .
There 's no one can stop me .
Lennox is a conqueror ?
No , I 'm Alexander , he 's no Alexander .
I 'm the best ever !
There 's never been anybody as ruthless !
I 'm Sonny Liston , I 'm Jack Dempsey .
There 's no one like me .
I 'm from their cloth .
There 's no one that can match me .
My style is impetuous , my defense is impregnable , and I 'm just ferocious .
I want your heart !
I want to eat his children !
Praise be to Allah !
Interview with Jim Gray ( 2000 ) .
He was just splendid , a masterful boxer - I take my hat off to him [ 71 ]
On literature [ edit ]
" These books ai n't window dressing .
I think Machiavelli's the most sophisticated writer outside of Shakespeare .
Way ahead of his time .
Such a manipulative person .
Everything he accomplished he did by kissin ' ass . " [ 72 ]
" I like the hip writers : Fitzgerald , the guy who committed suicide , Hemingway , all those guys .
Some of them were alcoholics and drug addicts but they had fun .
They were real people .
They formed the culture of American literature .
Hemingway admired Tolstoy , Tolstoy admired Pushkin , and Mailer admired Hemingway .
It all flows down .
The greats are all connected .
One day I 'm gonna write a book myself .
The first chapter will be about what a rough deal my momma got .
She believed in you guys and your society . " [ 73 ]
On the media [ edit ]
" You guys have written so much bad stuff about me I can't remember the last time I fucked a decent woman .
I have to go with strippers and ' ho's ' and bitches because you put that image on me . " [ 74 ]
I 'm just like you .
I enjoy the forbidden fruits in life , too .
I think it 's un-American not to go out with a woman , not to be with a beautiful woman , not to get my dick sucked …
It 's just what I said before , everybody in this country is a big fucking liar .
[ The media ] tells people … that this person did this and this person did that and then we find out that were just human and we find out that Michael Jordan cheats on his wife just like everybody else and that we all cheat on our fucking wife in one way or another either emotionally , physically or sexually or one way .
As quoted in ESPN ( 2002 ) .
" You guys would rather be with someone else who 's equal to your status in life .
Tiger Woods , or somebody .
I comes across as crass , a Neanderthal , a babbling idiot sometimes .
I like to show you that person .
I like that person .
He makes you want to come and listen to me . " [ 75 ]
" Most writers , in my opinion , are dysfunctional derelicts . " [ 76 ]
" Sometimes you guys have no pride , so no matter what I say , you guys … it does n't affect you because you do n't care about nothing but money .
So every now and then I kick your fucking ass and stomp on you and put some kind of pain and inflict some of the pain on you because you deserve to feel the pain that I feel . " [ 77 ]
" I wish one of you guys had children so I could kick them in the fucking head or stomp on their testicles so you could feel my pain because that 's the pain I have waking up every day . " [ 78 ]
" I 'm just a sucker even talking to you guys .
I should be ready to rip your heads off your necks .
But it 's just not the right thing to do . " [ 79 ]
" Put your mother in a straight - jacket you punk ass white boy .
Come here and tell me that , I 'll fuck you in your ass you punk white boy .
You faggot .
You can't touch me , you 're not man enough .
I 'll eat your asshole alive , you bitch .
C'mon anybody in here can't fuck with this .
This is the ultimate , man .
Fuck you , you ho .
Come and say it to my face ....
I 'll fuck you in the ass in front of everybody .
You bitch .... come on , you bitch .
You 're scared coward , you 're not man enough to fuck with me .
You can't last two minutes in my world , bitch .
Look at you scared now , you ho .... scared like a little white pussy .
Scared of the real man .
I 'll fuck you ' til you love me , faggot ! "
[ After being told by a spectator that he should be put in a straight - jacket ] [ 80 ] .
On religion [ edit ]
I feel like sometimes that I was born , that I 'm not meant for this society because everyone here is a fucking hypocrite .
Everybody says they believe in God but they do n't do God 's work .
Everybody counteracts what God is really about .
If Jesus was here , do you think Jesus would show me any love ?
Do you think Jesus would love me ?
I 'm a Muslim , but do you think Jesus would love me … I think Jesus would have a drink with me and discuss … why you acting like that ?
Now , he would be cool .
He would talk to me .
No Christian ever did that and said in the name of Jesus even …
They'd throw me in jail and write bad articles about me and then go to church on Sunday and say Jesus is a wonderful man and he 's coming back to save us .
But they do n't understand that when he comes back , that these crazy greedy capitalistic men are gonna kill him again .
As quoted in ESPN ( 2002 ) .
On women [ edit ]
What I want in a woman is protection .
Loyalty .
Companionship .
Loyalty , friendship , companionship , ferociousness .
I want her to protect me , and have my back to the bitter end .
If I have a fight , I want her to jump in .
Even if I 'm winning ; even if she 's ninety pounds .
I like strong women — not necessarily a masculine woman — but I like strong women .
I like strong , say a woman who runs a C.E.O. corporation .
I like a strong woman with confidence — massive confidence — and then I want to dominate her sexually .
As stated in documentary film , Tyson .
Miscellaneous [ edit ]
If they lock me up , at least I 'll have a place to stay .
As quoted in ESPN .
" You 're smart too late and old too soon . " [ 81 ]
" He was trying to scrutinize with my brain . " [ 82 ]
" I have to dream and reach for the stars , and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds . " [ 83 ]
The act of treachery is an art , but the traitor himself is a piece of shit .
As quoted in Telegraph .
On a 2002 column by sportswriter Wallace Matthews : “ [ He ] called me a ‘ rapist ’ and a ‘ recluse . ’
I ’m not a recluse . ” [ 84 ]
" You can set a good example that you do n't have to throw blows or be belligerent to get your point across . " [ 85 ]
ESPN reporter :
There were reports , Mike , that you were out partying in Vegas .
Is that , in fact , the case ?
Tyson :
This is not true .
This is not true at all .
Um , one day , I went out one day - because when somebody trains , you just get crazy and bored - and I went to a strip club because I gave a dancer a lap dance .
Reporter : You gave HER a lap dance ?
Tyson :
That 's just what I like to do .
I do what I want to do . [ 86 ]
On Don King : " I found out that someone I believed was my surrogate father , my brother , my blood figure turns out to be the true Uncle Tom , the true nigger , the true sellout .
He did more bad to black fighters than any white promoter ever in the history of boxing . " [ 87 ]
On Sarah Palin : " Sarah Palin met the wombshifter !
Old Sarah and the wombshifter . " [ 88 ]
On Floyd Mayweather : " Greatness is not guarding yourself from the people , Greatness is being accepted by the people . " [ 89 ]
Quotes about Tyson [ edit ]
You disagree ?
Take the Tyson approach and bite me !
Christopher Bridges , " Number One Spot " ( 2004 ) , Red Light District
